 I do n't know if i got a faulty binder , or its just bad quality because it 's a big binder , but the moment i opened it and put some paper in , and then closed it , I noticed that the ring was broken , it wont shut all the way tightly and so EVERY SINGLE TIME that I try to take anything out or move papers it opens and its just a big mess . I had to get a new one because i could n't even use it , and it 's frustrating because im in school and NEED a binder that will just WORK !
 I bought this binder for my son who started middle school . Withing the first week , one set of rings did not close properly and now my son has to carefully go through his notebook so the papers do n't fall out . Everything gets stuck at the point where the rings do n't completely close . Poorly made product .
 I bought this binder for my son who started middle school . Withing the first week , one set of rings did not close properly and now my son has to carefully go through his notebook so the papers do n't fall out . Everything gets stuck at the point where the rings do n't completely close . Poorly made product .
 I do n't know if i got a faulty binder , or its just bad quality because it 's a big binder , but the moment i opened it and put some paper in , and then closed it , I noticed that the ring was broken , it wont shut all the way tightly and so EVERY SINGLE TIME that I try to take anything out or move papers it opens and its just a big mess . I had to get a new one because i could n't even use it , and it 's frustrating because im in school and NEED a binder that will just WORK !
 This tabletop pocket chart arrived with a defect and I had to return it to get my money back . The inside of each clear plastic pocket was covered with an extra layer of cheap , tear-able , thin plastic . Several places it was torn , creating a messy obstructed view for any pictures or words I would put in the plastic pockets . This made the product unusable .
 Unlike other reviews here , for me the lapinator and mousepad did n't work so well . Used it with a Toshiba Satellite laptop and optical mouse . After about 2 hours , the lapinator was almost HOT to the touch , laptop fan did not run less , laptop itself did not feel cool to the touch . Had better luck with other coolant systems . Maybe Toshibas run hotter than other laptops , so it could be a matter of that particular laptop not being well-suited for the lapinator . I run my new HP Pavillion right on my desk 's surface , with no resulting overwarming of the laptop or the desk surface . Possibly , this particular cooling pad works optimally with only certain laptops .
 I was really disappointed with the performance and quality of my ` Lapinator Plus ' laptop pad . In the beginning it was just fine and performed as promised . It was a good work platform for my laptop computer and it kept the heat off of my lap and knees . The attachable mouse pad was also very handy . Then after three weeks or so of use , quality issues began to appear . Tthe ` Mousitizer Pad 's ' attachment clip became loose . Every time one used the mouse on it , it would move and allow the Pad to become unattached , and fall to the floor with your mouse . The adhesive that was used to attach the rubber barrier/lifts to the surface of the Lapinator Pad , only worked for a couple of weeks . All that were attached to the pad came off and I could n't find an adhesive to make them stay where I put them.Finally , without the rubber barrier stick-ons , as a barrier , my computer would just slide off of the ` Lapinator Pad ' , whenever it was not level . It is hard to keep level when on your lap .
 I am not at all pleased with `` the Lapinator '' product . It is not rigid at all , the flimsy plastic top distorts from laptop heat , and it 's not wide enough -LRB- and I have the larger one -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- They are not terribly durable , lasting only about a year before suffering stress cracks , but they are great while they last !
 I was really disappointed to find this pad is two seperate pieces ; I assumed the mouse pad slid out , but it does n't . It is wedged in the bottom ; very inconvenient . I would not recommend it . The pad itself is fine , it does have a small loop of velcro on the rear to hold your AC cord , it catches on your clothes and I will probably cut it off .
 The size will fit most any laptop and it fits well enough into a laptop carrying case/bag , but it simply does n't do the job of cooling pads with fans . With the provided studs that you may attach to give some breathing space and a tilt , it will not keep the laptop cool , exactly the purpose of a laptop COOLING pad . Sure , it will keep your lap from sucking up the heat , and it wo n't act as a heat sink itself , but it still acts as a barrier for heat to bounce back and into the laptop . Not a great thing.Almost any other cooling pad has fans built into it -LRB- approximately one to three , preferably three -RRB- for good reason
 This calendar begins with August 2005 and ends with July 2006 ! My son bought this for me for Christmas and was very dissapointed when I opened it and found out it was ` halfway used up ' already . He felt very cheated and I felt very sorry for him . I think it is absolutely terrible that the item is not described truthfully . Shame , shame , shame on you ! I wish I could give this item a negative number of stars !!!
 The box looked used and it is obviously not new . I have tried to contact them by email and no response . Do n't buy from them !
 The product works fine , but the quality of the material is pretty cheap . It does n't have a nice feeling while holding it in your hand.On top of this , the battery compartment door broke the second time I had to replace the battery , so now I have to use it with a scotch tape around it.All in all , I believe there are better deals out there . In particular , try to get a presenter that uses AA or AAA batteries . You can find them anywhere .
 I bought these highlighters thinking that they would last for a long time . Being a college student , I have a lot that needs to get highlighted . These highlighters did not last me long at all .
 Chose this printer because it had networking abilities.This printer has worked about 50 % of the time since the day it was plugged in . Either had to be restarted by shutting off and unplugging or the paper jammed . The simple task of printing a one page Word document has turned into a nightmare . Now , our computer ca n't `` find '' the printer . Plus , The All-In-One software sucks a ton of resources and is always on . Choose something else or regift it .
 We have had our printer for a little for over a year -LRB- also a bit over warranty , of course -RRB- . We have had a paper feeding issue , so I spent two hours on a phone with someone from India trying to correct the problem . They eventually sent me a new one . Recently , we have had a problem with a big black line through our scanned images . Called again and since it was over a year , they would not help us . AAAH . . I will not buy again .
 About 30 % of the time this printer will actually recognize that it does , in fact , have paper in the feed tray ; often paper needs to be fed by hand . It also jams about 50 % of all paper that goes through it . You can not simply tell the computer to print a document and walk away from it ; you have to sit there the entire time , feeding individual pieces of paper into the printer and pulling out the jams one by one . Also do n't even think about running it without both ink cartridges . When my color cartridge ran out , I let it go because I do n't do a lot of color printing . HP apparently really wants me to go out and buy another fifty-dollar cartridge because in all honesty about every two seconds during a print job -LRB- between the constant paper jam and lack of paper in tray messages -RRB- I received a pop-up telling me that I needed a color cartridge.I think I 'll go back to Canon .
 Paper feed is definitely a serious product defect . I called the HP tech support , but they were not aware of the paper feed cleaning kit that some reviewer mentioned . They only suggested cleaning the roller with dampened cloth.Thanks to Michael C Garrett 's ingenious solution , this printer is more or less reusable again .
 I just wanted to add my voice to those who already mentioned the problems with paper feed . Not long after I bought this model -LRB- but too late to return -RRB- it started having problems with the paper feed . I now have to hand feed each piece of paper , and even then it sometimes does n't work . The print quality is fine , but what good is it if you ca n't get the paper in . I now have to replace this `` new '' printer . That was a couple of hundred dollars wasted .
 My experience with HP printers has been good . But this one disappoints me . Find a different model with better reviews . The print quality is good but the paper feed problems are frequent .
 Like so many others , hard to believe this ever made itthrough HP QA - I end up hand feeding many , failure over75 % of the time !!! Find another machine .
 I CAN NOT walk away from a multipage project and expect to return and have the job done . I have to manually insert EVERY single sheet into the printer . It 's a disaster . I 've purchased HP printers for more than 10 years , and this is by far the worst peripheral device I have come across . STAY AWAY , unless you enjoy hand feeding your printer ...
 For those who doubt the user , be assured this printer does have paper feed problems . Some users have good experiences but it the problem lies in the printer . I have been a network consultant for 10 years and I fix all the computer hardware problems for my company . This printer feed problem is not something that can be fixed by reading the manual . For your information , I am using HP Color Inkjet paper . It printed a few pages fine in the beginning then started jamming on every single sheet . I have to manually help it along by pushing each page for it to catch the paper . Sometimes it just grabs a stack of 30 sheets . It has a poor paper pick up design and that is a fact .
 I had the printer for one month before the paper feed problems occurred . I went to tech support and after they asked me re-register for the THIRD time I threw the printer out the window -LRB- literally -RRB- . No HP for me !
 It 's true . The only thing that works in applying hairspray on the rollers with a Q tip -LRB- after first applying alcohol with the Q tip and letting it dry -RRB- . Pathetic !
 This is the second HP printer I bought and frankly the only reason I tried this printer was because of the network connectivity . I have n't written many reviews before , but this product is soo bad that I had to add to the list of angry customers . Getting the printer to load 1 piece of paper is a nightmare . Now i get paper jam warnings when there is no paper in the bloody machine . Anyone see office space ? yeah after I get my new Canon printer , i will re-enact that scene . perhaps i should record it and send it to HP ?
 I had all the same paper feed , paper jam , customer service problems just like everyone else . I fixed the problem by smashing the printer into my wall . Of course I had to pick up thousands of glass shards and buy some drywall mud , but I feel much better !
 This is the worst printer in the world . it scans ok but it fails to do the basic task required of a printer - it wo n't PRINT !!!!! The paper feed is terrible , and do n't buy the crap about `` if you buy HP paper it works fine '' it DOES NOT , i have continually tried to use HP photo paper -LRB- remember this is supposed to be wonderful at printing photos -RRB- it will not grab it , HP need to recall all of these printers in my opinion , the only thing this printer is good for is flying out of my window .
 Please save yourself some money and if you have this printer . . unplug it and throw in trash now before you waste countless hours of your time , ink and expensive paper ... jams constantly and hand feeding required . . RUN AWAY !!
 Update
 I have had good success with HP in the past , but I never had any luck with this printer . Like a lot of the reviews , the paper feed never worked right and I would have to hand feed the pages one at a time . When feeding paper it seemed like the printer jammed half the time . I only tried one scan and an HP error message jumped up . I downloaded the current software , some 165mb and reloaded but never got the scan to work . I went through the supplied ink cartridge quickly and after loading a new cartridge my text prints were coming out with a double image . Luckily I purchased the unit at Sam 's Club and they took it right back after 3 + months that I tried to get this unit to work , thinking it was me and not the printer . I would have liked to purchase my next printer from Sam 's also , but I am going to try the Canon MP600 and they do n't seem to carry it .
 At the risk of repeating everythingeveryone else has already said , pleaseread past reviews.The expense I haveto go through just to get ** 1 ** pageto print is absolutely ridicously!I end up going to Kinkos half the time.Deep regrets about this one !
 The printer worked fine for a couple of weeks . Then the paper feed mechanism suddenly stopped picking up the paper . I found that I could print single sheets if I shoved a piece of paper in at just the right moment . Too early and I would get a paper jam , too late and I would get an `` out of paper '' message.This issue afflicts a good number of HP inkjet printers . So many , in fact , that HP created a help page just for it
 I 've had my 2575 about a year and it is now nearly useless because of paper feed problems . When there is not a paper jam -LRB- which is a worse experience -RRB- , every time -LRB- 100 % -RRB- you try to print it says `` out of paper '' ; then you have to manually feed a sheet and retry . I called HP . They would n't send their cleaning kit to me and insisted on going through a long debug procedure . I was able to print a couple test sheets . They said they 'd call back in a few days to make sure it was still working . It stopped working the next day but guess what , I gave them a week and they did n't me back . So I called them again . They said they 'd send a cleaning kit after someone called me back later to get more information . They did n't call back , again . I called again , and after talking to two people , they ordered one for me . Now , the cleaning kit for this network printer only works using a USB connection . Since I had it installed as a network printer , I moved the printer to where a USB cord would reach , completely de-installed the printer software , and re-installed it for a USB connection ; but no matter what -LRB- like booting up Windows in Safe mode and making sure I can print to the printer -RRB- , when I run the cleaning software , NOTHING HAPPENS ! It will run for an hour or more until I go into task manager and kill it -LRB- `` it '' taking 98 % of my CPU -RRB- . Here we go again , stuck with spare ink refills with no working printer !
 Most egregiously awful piece of hardware I 've ever seen . I 'm about 4/60 on number of sheets of paper that the thing has actually picked up without me hand feeding.Pathetic .
 Sound like a broken record ? It is very frustrating having to load EVERY single sheet of paper into the feeder ; but believe me , you too will have the pleasure if you purchase this printer . No doubt it 's a product defect . Do yourself a favor , save your sanity and frustration ... buy a different one .
 First I am disappointed that Amazon makes you give at least one star . My advise on this sorry excuse for a printer is to save your money ... save yourself from more gray hairs ... save your kids from having to hear you yell obscenities ... and do n't buy this piece of junk ! Unless you enjoy having to load each sheet of paper one at a time every time you print , all the time in hopes that it will take the paper and not jam . If that sounds like fun - then my friend ... this is the printer for you ! Me on the other hand , I will never own another HP .
 This printer is awful . I have researched complaints about the 2575 and found tons of consumers with the same paper feed/jam problems . Not only does it take forever getting something printed because of the thing not grabbing the paper , but once it finally decides to feed it chews it up , causing almost half of the pages to be ruined . Great , more money for hp - paper.And how about thier troubleshooting for the issue on the hp website ? I feel that hp is aware of the issues , yet their support page lists a few of the common things you should check and if those do n't work , they suggest you invest some more of your money in a cleaning kit they sell . That might be ok if you had the thing for a while , but most complaints are from customers who have n't had the thing more than a month.Please do yourself a favor and do n't buy it .
 I had just bought this printer in May and it worked fine to begin with , now it 's having the same paper jam and out of paper issues as almost all of the other people 's printers are on this site . . please , avoid this printer at all costs . . all it does is give a person a headache trying to fix the problem . The only thing good about this machine is the printing quality , but that does n't make up for the fact that it is a completely dysfunctional product . Had I read these reviews before purchasing , I would have never invested in this product . . the sad thing is , I have previously owned a different HP model and it worked great . . too bad this one was n't the same .
 I 've not had paper jams or feed problems in ten years . Now they are back ! In two months I have printed perhaps 100 sheets . Now there is a problem with 3 sheets out of 4 . Every other HP printer that I have or have had feeds paper with no problem at all , but this one does not !
 The constant printer jams make this printer unusable ! And do n't buy the baloney that those of us having problems have not followed the manufacturer 's directions . The thing jams with HP 's own -LRB- expensive -RRB- paper no matter how many pieces of paper are in the tray .
 Wish I had read these reviews before buying this piece of crap . It did great for about 2 weeks , then the paper feed problems began . It does n't pick up the sheets unless I feed them one at a time . If I do n't , the rollers simply do n't pick up the paper , and the message reads `` No paper in paper tray '' even though there is plenty . Then the misfeeds and paper jams continue . It even stops and reads `` Paper Jam !! '' when there is no paper jam!I called HP and they sent me a new one free of charge , with a box to return the old one in . The new one worked fine for 2 weeks , then started up again with the same old headaches . The alcohol/hairspray trick another reviewer suggested for the rollers does not work . Save your money . This printer is the absolute worst . HP should be ashamed of themselves for putting it on the market . They MUST have known about the problems .
 I agree with the others here , HP are useless and I should have known better . Paper jams all the time using laser quality paper kept in a humidity controlled environment . Every copy you have to feed through manually.I couldjust about live with that but it does n't scan either !! It says it ` sscanning , it sounds like it 's scanning - it even says image sent to the computer after scanning but do any images appear ?? Do they heck !! Still under warranty , I 've had a replacement unit and still the same and the HP techie team , -LRB- based in India ! -RRB- ca n't help - it 's going back !!
 DO N'T BUY THIS HORRIBLE PRODUCT !!! I was given this as a gift , so thankfully did n't spend any money on it . It simply will not print . I usually spend about half an hour and end up with at least 30 ruined sheets of paper to print one page.In looking online , I can see that other users have had the same problem . Apparently the feed mechanism is faulty.Very faulty.I find my blood pressure rising just looking at the printer.Please buy any printer other than this one . And I 'm staying away from HP in the future .
 I have actually not yet had the paper feed issue like the rest of the reviewers , but this product has been horribly implemented . I have continually had issues with attempting to install the 160 + MB driver and HP Solution Center software on multiple different computers running different Operating Systems . The scanner is about worn out , as it makes a horrible grinding noise when scanning which started to occur within months of the purchase . HP used to be known for their great quality in printers , but this is unfortunately no longer the case . Do Not Buy .
 Like others I would like to voice my frustration with the paper feed mechanism . It worked fine at first but then it would say that there was no paper in the tray when of course there was lots of it . HP sent me a cleaner for it but it could only be used 3 times . When that option ran out I contacted them again and they stated they could no longer help me with the problem . Disappointing for a large company to put out such a crappy printer and I am definitely going us use reviews the next time I purchase a printer . Not sure if I trust HP anymore . Now I 'm getting the `` No Scan Option '' message and it seems to be a fairly common problem also . DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER !
 Honestly , this printer worked normally for me for a day - the first day I set it up . Since then , I have had to hand feed every single piece of paper I try to print . Then there were the issues of it only printing in color and not using any of the black ink cartridge . The only fix was to replace a virtually new cartridge . Granted , the customer service people at HP , who helped me troubleshoot through instant message , were helpful , but this has been a lemon from the moment I bought it.I do n't think I have ever found a printer that is not a professional-office grade one that works well at home . Any suggestions would be most welcome !
 To begin , the software installation is a headache . I had trouble installing it even though I work in IT . Why do you need a 40MB - 200MB driver that requires you to turn off your Anti-virus during installation ?! The printer jams often and will sometimes shutdown while printing . While I think HP business grade printers are great , this consumer grade printer is junk .
 RUN AWAY , RUN AWAY , RUN AWAY.When and if it works , it looks great.I wish I could rate this at NO stars because of the paper jam or out of paper issue . I guess it 's come to the point where we have to beg , plead and pray just to get something to work as advertised . I purchased this a Wal-Mart for $ 50 , so I would bet that American manufacturers are thinking that `` if they only spend 50 bucks , what did they expect ? '' `` They should have paid more so it will work . ''
 I signed up just to write this review . I have had printers from Canon Epson Lexmark and Hp in the last 10 years . I have to say that this printer is the worst of the lost.I have had all of the feed issues that others have had and more.My printer cleaned itself so often that the sponge under the ink cartridges actually turned into a mountain . The ink is insanley expensive and does not last long at all . The software is bloated and like others the scanner software just stopped working.I will never buy another HP printer again .
 I am in complete agreement with the rest of you who have had paper feeding problems . The printer was fine at first although difficult to set up -LRB- software -RRB- . Now , a month later , the printer either does n't take the paper or jams . It has nothing to do with the quality of the paper . I am also surprised that this was n't discovered in testing . I also noticed that the ink cartridges keep getting smaller . What a rip off . I have had it with HP printers . I will never buy another .
 Update ... HP sent me a replacement printer at no charge!My printer did the same thing that so many others here have reported ... worked fine for a while and then stopped feeding paper . It seems clear to me -LRB- after carefully inspecting and poking at it without disassembling it -RRB- that the roller that initially feeds the paper does n't apply enough pressure . I kept thinking something must have broken , but now I think it is just a bad design and HP should do something about this . My plan is to call them , point out the dozens and dozens of complaints on-line and urge them to replace the darn thing with something that works .
 Like many other customers who have reviewed the HP Photosmart 2574 All-in-One Printer I also have had problems with the paper feed . I originally purchased this printer at Staples in late December of 2005 and started having paper feed problems about a month later . I contacted HP 's tech support and went through all their power down and resetting tests which of course did nothing to help with the problem . I was told I could return it for a refurbished one but opted to return it to the local Staples store where they offered me a new one if I agreed to purchase an extended warranty for $ 29.99 in early February . I have now had the new printer for about a month and a half and am now having the same problem with an `` Out of Paper '' error when there is plenty of paper in the tray , and am having to manually feed the paper again . I contacted Staples and told them of the problem , and when asked what I would like to do replied that I would like to exchange for a different model and be credited the full price of the printer plus the cost of the extended warranty . I was told that I would not be credited for the extended warranty because that is what allowed me to return the printer itself . I find it ridiculous that I paid for a warranty that only allows me to return a product which has an inherent design problem . I plan on contacting HP customer support and if they do not offer me a full refund will never buy another HP product again.I would probably have rated this at 4 stars if I had not had this problem . The ink cartridges are also very small , about a third the size of the ones on my old HP 722c printer , which I 'm sure does n't hurt their profit margins .
 After one month , the paper will not lift from the tray . HP knows about this problem when I called service . They showed me how to clean the paper puller wheel . It works for now . A little dust , and the wheel gets no traction . Stay away from this printer .
 I too have been frustrated beyond belief with the out of paper and paper jam problems of this printer . I read all 80 reviews before mine and concluded , -LRB- as did others -RRB- , that it must be a dirty pickup roller causing most of the problems . Many say that the problem started a month or two after getting the printer , which reinforces this theory.I opened the back access panel and cleaned the single black paper feed roller with rubbing alcohol on a Q-tip . Apparently it does n't take much dust or dirt to cause a problem because it did not appear to be very dirty . I 'm assuming I 'll have to do this every few months . The next time I will probably just use purified or distilled water like HP suggests since rubbing alcohol might be too strong an agent for cleaning the roller.I loaded between 10 and 25 sheets into the printer as HP suggests , and it is now working like it did when it was new . Next I tried putting in as much paper as it would hold and it still works perfectly ! I have always liked HP printers and if it were n't for this glaring weakness , I would give it 5 stars .
 I purchased a brand new HP Photosmart 2575 All-In-One printer in November 2005 . I hardly have used it except to print an occasional e-mail . However , this week I scanned and printed about 30 - 4 '' x 6 '' photos which I have to admit came out nice , but then the printer stopped working and now the paper keeps jamming and I can not print anything . I called HP support and they told me my warranty had expired and they could not assist me but that for a fee I could extend the warranty and they would look into the problem . Hello , is anybody home ? Why would I extend the warranty on something that no longer works and for which I have read a hundred or so bad reviews from others who are also having the same problem with this junk printer ? In any event , after reading the many many reviews with the same problem I bought a Canon Pixma MP 800 that I can not wait to receive . I wo n't let HP waste any more of my time by giving me the run around , but I will report them to the Better Business Bureau for making a faulty product and then not admitting it or trying to properly assist me and solve my problem without first trying to get me to pay more money for a warranty extension . That 's an awful way to do business .
 It looks great , lcd screen with media card slots was nice touch . . but what good is it if it ca n't take in any paper to PRINT ANY THING OUT ... I was able to get it to take in paper using exclusive HP paperand ONE PAPER at a time it works SOME TIMES.My first HP printer and it will be my LAST , when I run out of Ink on the darn thing , rather thanburning 60 bucks for INK I would buy a LEXMARK again .
 Like so many others , hard to believe this ever made itthrough HP QA - I end up hand feeding many , failure over75 % of the time !!! Find another machine .
 I use the recommended paper for this machine and after a couple of weeks began noticing a problem with the printing . Everytime I print a page , the machine fails to feed the paper through . I have to manually hold the paper in until the machine can grab it and pull it through to print . It 's a waste of time and a waste of money .
 Worst printer I 've ever bought . DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER !!!! Constant Paper Jams , thick black line through scans/copies even after troubleshooting , annoying polling every couple minutes . This is probably going to be the last HP printer I ever buy . I was ripped off for a premium-line printer . I 'm replacing it with a cheaper but more reliable Canon MP160 which does everything this one was supposed to and I 've never had a single problem with it .
 HP IS TWO-FOR-TWO AT SELLING ME USELESS JUNK . HPs own installation CD couldnt install this piece of junk , and kept telling me there was no printer connected . So I tried installing it with the default Mac OSX printer utility , and it worked fine , printed in color and everything , but it would n't scan . So after visiting the HP support site , which led me thru a tedious half hour of searching thru files and deleting over 30 files manually , it then directed me to a page where I could download a new HP driver . THE PAGE DIDNT EXIST . I learned an expensive lesson - NEVER BUY AN HP PRINTER .
 Is a copier expected to last more than a year or two ? Purchased in spring 06 - In Oct 06 I had problems with thick black lines in my scans & copies . The fix was to remove ink cartridges , disconnect machine from surge protector , powercycle three or four times , wipe copper connects , put them back in , reconnect to computer , start it all again . It worked . Problem recurred now 5/07 only this time 2 big black lines . Got out my copy of troubleshoot , tried it again to no avail , Warranty is expired and I 'm told it is a hardware problem . I feel ripped off . Stay away from this HP product .
 I have all the same problems as the rest of these reviews do , I thought it was just my printer . . I was ready to throw it out . . says its out of paper , or gets paper jams all the time . . do yourself a favor and do n't buy this one
 As verified by the other reviews , I can honestly say that this copier never feeds paper into the printer correctly . Never . Each time I need something printed I must remove all but 2 sheets of paper and then force them into the tray input so that one will be pulled in . Often both will end up going through and this is the best I can hope for . The engineering on this machine is seriously deficient . You do not want the repetitive agony this has to offer .
 I 'm so glad to see others corroborate my experience with this meshuggah printer ! Nothing but trouble - paper jams all the time , slow , awful - I thought it was maybe because I was using a Mac but apparently not.STAY AWAY at ANY price !
 I am ready to throw this one out the window . I just inherited it upon marriage and now I know why the daughter who owned it wanted her own things when she moved out.I am really tired of Out of Paper and Pater Jam notices.I consider myself to be extremely printer competent but this machine has not little tricks for coaxing it to print . It is just junk .
 This is the worst printer i have ever had ! Every time i tried to print some thing , it 's paper jam , paper jam , and paper jam . stay away ! if you want a printer scanner copier , get the psc 1610 . lasted my 5 years !
 I got this printer for x-mas . Withen 3 months the rollers that pull the paper into the printer had broken , rendering the printer completely useless . I could n't return it , so I was stuck with a large piece of junk . This complimented my HP laptop that broke at the same time due to a manufacture 's recalled power fan . Bottom line , DO NOT BY HP .
 This is the worst printer ever . The other reviews are right ! Tons of paper jams ! I have to sit and babysit it and feed it sheet by sheet because it wont pick paper ! DO NOT BUY !!!!
 The system works great and the clarity is perfect . The problem is when I reboot the computer , it takes 10 minutes . I just get a single flashing dot in the top left corner for 10 solid minutes and then it will finally boot up . If I unhook the printer , the system boots up normally ... HELP !!!
 Unlike some others , I have had no problems with any of the features on the HP 2775xi bought from Costco . The software has done everything as advertised -LRB- printing , scanning , copying -RRB- . However , all the complaints about the paper feed are completely justified . This is NOT a user issue . We had an HP950C for 3 years with no paper feed problems , and the 2575 placed in exactly the same spot , with very good paper -LRB- several brands tried , including HP -RRB- , will only print reliably for about two weeks at a time . The temporary solution is cleaning the print feed roller with alcohol , but the problem is a totally incompetent feed roller design by HP.HP now advertises an '' HP Paper Feed Cleaning Kit '' as the fix , but cleaning is NOT a fix . Until there is a kit that includes a redesigned self-cleaning feed roller , the only solution is to keep cleaning the roller or try coating it with something -LRB- hairspray suggested by one reviewer -RRB- . As much as I like HP , this defect is so glaring and incompetent that I will not be buying another HP printer -LRB- since many other models report the same issue -RRB- . There are too many good alternatives .
 Like everyone else , I had the paper feed problem . However , what 's really awful is the customer support . I service rep in India took the call , and while I knew exactly what the problem was , it was like talking to a robot . All the rep could do was follow exactly what his script said , then he transferred me to someone else who asked the same exact questions all over again.HP was so gung-ho about offshoring all of their customer service . Well , since I can no longer GET any competent service I certainly wo n't be an HP customer again .
 I have owned this printer 6 months . I purchased it based on price , relatively compact size and all in one capability . I have had minor problems with paper jams . The print quality in the first 5 months was good for documents , good for photos . Copy quality was good . After 6 months , I was unable to print black text . I contacted technical support . They were not knowledgeable and I spent 2 hours online removing printer cartridges , cleaning printer cartridges , aligning printer cartridges -LRB- the extent of the `` support '' -RRB- . I was told that the printer would be replaced with a refurbished unit and I would need to provide a credit card number to guarantee the exchange . My confidence in the `` refurbished '' unit is not very high . Luckily I have a replacement policy with CompUSA . Overall , not a reliable unit .
 Things I like
 I picked up this device to replace a ten year old HP Deskjet & a Canon scanner.It did n't print as well as the old Deskjet & the picture scans were horrible with lines in the image & it did n't seem to have enough gray levels as b/w pictures were clipped
 Please do not waste your money . I have had one for 2 years and have reloaded the software to make it work at least 30 times .
 I expected much more from the `` all in one '' HP2575 inkjet based on my experience using HP Office laser printer products . In fact , I 'm still using a 15yr old HP laser B&W ; printer daily . Before this bad experience with the HP2575 I would n't have purchase anything but HP printer 's . I 've been very satisfied with all my network HP laser printer 's used at the office . That being said my personal home HP2575 inkjet failed after appox 3 years of very low usage . It no longer scans or prints yet troubleshooting indicates no error 's . I would avoid this product.That being said I have just purchased a new HP Photosmart Premium All-in-One Printer -LRB- CD055A #ABA -RRB- , supported by user reviews for home use only and it had better meet my expectations , or it will be the last HP inkjet printer product I 'll ever purchase .
 Mine worked well for the first year and then it started thinking that it had a paper jam . The printer would pick up a sheet of paper , feed it half way through then stop , saying there was a paper jam . There was no paper jam . The printer just thought there was . Upon doing a little research I discovered , much to my chagrin , that this is an all to common problem with this model . Do a search on ` HP Photosmart 2575 paper jam ' and you 'll see the same reviews I did . It 's too bad that HP has not fixed the problem or even addressed it anywhere on their website.I 've always liked HP products but you would be taking a big chance if you were to purchase this particular model . It might work fine but it might also render itself useless by the phantom paper jam . There 's just no way to know which route your printer will take .
 HP should reimburse us all for this piece of junk . I have had it for over a year and selected after it researching and reading what reviews there were . Unfortunately , this is a QUALITY issue and there is no quality with his printer . Paper wo n't feed and it jams . All the previous reviews are right on target . The problem started almost immediately .
 PLEASE this is a warning ! Do not buy this printer !!! Avoid at all costs !! HP tech support is useless and clueless . I had it for 3 days when it started jamming 100 % of the time . PLUS , as a graphic designer I need my output to be tru to scale , this junk prints a 4 inch square as a 4.125 inch square ! It does NOTHING good , plus it ran out of color ink after 40 pages !! I wish they had negative 5 stars
 I 've had one of these printers for 6 months , and the paper feed problems have grown to the point where nothing will print without jams , feeding problems and more grey hairs . I spent 30 minutes online with HP 's chat technician which were utterly worthless , and decided to return this today and get a new and different printer . I 've had many printers in the past , and always been very happy with HP products before , but this one has been a disastor . There is apparently a paper feeder cleaning kit that HP will send that may or may not fix the problem , but after 30 minutes of trying to get the tech to send me one , I have given up on it ! I have tried two different brands of good quality paper , and had the same problems with both . Buyer beware !
 Add my voice to the throng of unsatisfied customers who own this one . The features are great , the print quality 's great , but once the paper stops feeding except manually a sheet at a time -LRB- and even then only after several attempts and paper jams -RRB- , you 're hosed . Look elsewhere .
 I received this printer for Christmas . I had it maybe a month and a half and it would not pull the paper . I tried all the recommendations on HP website and it did not help . I ended up contacting HP tech support . They had me do all these resets , etc. which still did not work . They offered a refurbished one for free so I took it . It was like new but again about a month or two later - SAME PROBLEM . Of course , I did not buy extended warranty so I MANUALLY FEED THE PAPER EVERY TIME . It is a great printer otherwise but I recommend NOT TO BUY THIS PRINTER
 I originally bought the printer in November ' 05 , and it worked splendidly for about three weeks , at which point I had it replaced because , as has happened to so many other people , the printer started refusing to take the paper in the tray out of the blue one day.I got the replacement , unpacked it , and it worked beautifully again . As I was away from my apartment during the Christmas season , it did n't see much use during the return period , and did n't stop feeding paper again until I -LRB- finally -RRB- threw the box away three days ago.I 'd never buy a computer from HP , but I thought , `` It 's just a printer , and what are the chances of the same thing going wrong twice ? '' Pretty good , apparently .
 It was great at first , but after a few weeks of light duty , it will no longer feed the paper . It keeps saying it is out of paper , but it is n't . If I `` nudge '' the paper with my finger , it will print.Oh well , I should have known better than to give HP another chance .
 This is hands down the worst printer I 've ever had ... it takes about 5 times the amount of time it should to print anything because of constant paper feed issues ... do not get this product !
 I bought this printer from Sam 's Club , and it worked great for about 2 months . After that , the paper feeder was unable to recognize paper - in order to print anything , the paper had to be manually fed through the printer . Fortunately , Sam 's was great and gave me a full refund . Buyer beware!I bought the Canon Pixma MP600 - we 'll see how that one works .
 I have had HP printers for years and this is the first one I have ever owned that came out of the box giving problems with paper jams and not feeding paper . If I was Hewlett Packard , I would have recalled this junk or offered to give customers credit for what they paid against another printer . I will never purchase another HP printer . Never !
 This printer fails as a printer mainly because paper wo n't properly feed . HP helpdesk requests you to tap all paper , and put in 10 ~ 25 sheets only . This does n't work . Feeding one sheet at a time manually has at best a 1/10 shot of success . Let 's hope HP 's refurb replacement printer is better .
 This is the first review I have ever written , but I am so annoyed with this so-called printer that I had to add my 2 cents.My last HP printer lasted for over 5 years before giving up the ghost . I was happy with its preformance . This one I have had about 2 months and I am ready to throw it out the window.The paper feeding problem is VERY ANNOYING . I find I have to fiddle for many minutes to get it to recognize there is paper in the tray . Then once it does , it has a 50/50 chance of jamming!For HP to call it a printer is almost funny , because I have yet to have it just print without problems.I am in the market for a new printer after less than 2 months !
 I had a previous model similar to the HP 2575 which lasted for 2 years with alot of use . However , after purchasing this model on Sept 21 , 2006 and using it for barely 2 months the scanner mode is now squeaking and sounds horrible . This is the same noise the prior version did right before it quit . I agree that HP support is completely worthless - that 's if you can even get them to understand what your problem is since it may not be in their `` manual '' . Anyone have a suggestion on a decent brand that will do incredible scans of old photos and not fail in the first two years ??
 I also have been a long time Canon printer user , but decided to try this HP after a co-work said she had such good luck . Not a good idea.The printer would not print envelopes , kept giving me the error message that it did not recognize the paper size . It would not print labels , gave the same error message.Just printing normally it would tell me there was a paper jam.I 'm glad I returned the printer before I had to buy ink for it.I just purchased a Canon , ca n't wait for it to get here .
 I have had this printer for about three months and have consistently had the same problems with the printer telling me that it is out of paper when I am looking at a stack of paper . Sometimes it works , more often it does not . It is very inconsistent.Now I have a new issue . The scanner , which is very good , has stopped working . When I press the scan button , my printer says , `` No Scan Options '' which is fantasticAlso , I tried to use some specialty paper -LRB- namely iron on paper -RRB- in this machine and it was a complete mess . For what I paid , this should not be happening . I thought HP made a good machine , but I will NEVER buy a HP printer again .
 I bought this printer from Staples back in January . It was terrific and I really was hoping to take advantage of the scanner , the printer , and the network port . Seemed like a great package . But the paper feed issue is real.I 'm using standard printer paper from Staples , nothing fancy . But the printer simply is n't picking the paper up . If I do n't do anything the `` Out of Paper '' message appears . I literally have to push the paper in when i 'm printing -LRB- of course that sometimes causes the printer to jam known as a lose-lose -RRB- Also , the software the comes with the printer is dreadful . Scanning is good , but forget about it if you want to copy pictures off a memory card you stuck in the printer.It 's too bad , i 've never had such a bad HP printer experience either with an inkjet or laser at work . I 'm dissappointed .
 I bought this printer on a whim after having been a satisfied Canon user for a decade . I learned my lesson and will never buy another HP product . This printer worked well for about one month of light use . After this , it began to have problems picking up paper . I have used only HP Bright Inkjet paper , and the paper is crisp and fresh , so it 's not a problem with humidity or curled paper . It 's reached a point where every sheet of paper has to be individually coaxed into the feed mechanism . Even then , it jams about half the time.It 's hard to believe that HP did not discover this problem during product development and testing . Yet they have put this piece of junk on the market . I 'm having to write mine off as a loss because it 's now too late to return it to the store , and HP 's only solution is to replace it with the exact same printer with the same problem . I 'm hoping someone files a class action suit against HP for the junk they put on the market .
 I 'll add my voice to the paper feed issue . After about a month it has become intollerable . Either it does n't feed the paper or it jambs . Everytime you print you have to get up to fix something . Being a network printer , it would be nice if you could print from your computer and go get the printout but it is n't that easy . It is n't a paper thing either , I use very good paper -LRB- although I do n't think I should have to be wed to HP brand everything to use this . -RRB- Stay away from this one.I had a problem installing the printer . The help from india did not help at all . The person spent 45 minutes to an hour on the phone with me but clearly could do nothing but read from some manual . I ended up not using their software . You can set up a permanent IP address on this printer and use `` add printer '' in windows to print to it -LRB- ironically , choose `` local port '' , then set up an IP port with the address you chose for the printer . -RRB- The software is large and unnecessary , however I did have to install it and uninstall it to get the scanner to work.If not for the paper feed issue , this is a great printer/scanner/copier .
 I did n't buy the printer from Amazon . But because I like Amazon and value its readers is my reason for writing this . The HP Photosmart 2575xi that I purchased was a great machine . However , when you discover its little idiosyncrasies it becomes a royal pain in the neck ! The paper feed does not work correctly and I am not the only one that has had this problem . It completely destroyed my faith in HP when techs tell you turn it off 3 times and then what ? Send it back ... You have to hand feed like a little baby ... then the paper jam error comes up ... wonder what HP Tech 's go to school for ... to learn to say turn it off 3 times and unplug it for 10 minutes ... then repeat it ... sounds like level I techs on the Internet Providers ... Get your act together HP ...
 As with the other reviewers , this printer worked fine for a short while , then I started to get the `` out of paper '' and `` paper jam '' errors . I contacted HP , and was told that I could n't connect the power cord to my surge protector and had to go directly into a wall outlet . When that did n't work , I was told to unplug the printer , wait 30 seconds , plug it back in , then repeat 3 times . At this point I decided to just return the printer .
 I thought this was a great little all-in-one for about 3 months , then the paper feed problems began . When I tried to print anything the first attempt would fail to pickup the paper . After reloading the paper and tweaking it would print.I called HP Total Care , and they had me go through what they call a power cycle . That is turn off the printer , unplug the cable , unplug the power cord , wait 30 seconds , plug the power cord back in , turn on the printer , repeat 3 times , on the last time plug the cable back in . I think they forgot the spin around three times , rub your stomach in a clockwise motion , and pat your head step.They also wanted to make sure the printer was not connected to a surge protector . I can only guess that they are hoping that the printer will be wiped out by lightning , or a power surge , in an attempt to reduce customer calls to support.I did get it to feed for about 5 minutes after cleaning the rollers with an achohol swab.So , after 3 calls to support , I finally outlasted their persistant effort to frustrate me with rediculous tasks like power cycling -LRB- see above -RRB- , I have a new unit coming . We will see how long this works.The only reason I have n't returned the unit , is because the store I purchased the printer , has a 15 day return policy on computer equipment . Too bad ...
 Do n't waste your money . This is the worst printer I have ever owned . If this is an indication of other HP products , no wonder HP stock is tanking . Paper does n't feed , display screen does n't work , error light blinks continuously.I 'm taking this into the back yard and going `` office Space '' on it .
 It is almost impossible to get this printer to print without an out of paper error , jam , etc. . Does n't matter what kind of paper you use . Whether you put in one piece -LRB- still does n't work -RRB- , more then one -LRB- takes entire stack -RRB- It always says out of paper when it 's not . What a nightmare . I 'm finally tossing this item . I will NEVER by an HP product again . There are hundreds of complaints about this problem and they wo n't take the printer back .
 This worked for about a month , then the scanner function ceased to work except by accessing it through the computer , in other words , you could n't put a photo in it and push the scan button but had to go thru the computer . Now even that does n't work . The troubleshooting they have is extremely complicated/pure gibberish.What a piece of junk .
 Pick something else , please . I have had this printer for two and a half years . It sucks up two or three pieces of paper at a time very frequently . Forget double sided printing . I replaced my print cartridge two or three weeks ago and have printed maybe 60 pages and just got a message that my ink cartridge is almost empty . I buy hp replacement cartridges , not off brands . I do little printing and have spent much more on ink than I did the printer . The jams are ridiculous . It mishandles paper on average 50 % of the time . I am shopping for a replacement just to save the headache of dealing with this printer .
 I have to say I 've never had the paper feed problem that everyone else here complains about , and I 've had my printer for well over a year . I came here , though , on a google search to try to find out why the color inkjet just never NEVER works . I do n't use this often , but I was excited to have a color printer . I think the only decent color picture I made with this printer may have been the first one . Since then I 've replaced the inkjets -LRB- expensive ! -RRB- , and clean them repeatedly just to get them to print , but they 're always stripey , making the color printer -LRB- especially for photographs -RRB- essentially useless , making me wish I 'd sprung a few extra bucks for a printer that might have worked better.As for b & w ; printing , scanning , and copying , I 've had no problems .
 I have been using this printer for over a year . This is a very loud and inefficient printer . It ca n't even print doc well . I use top quality paper and this does not help . It is a particularly voracious ink eater as well . Stay away from it , even if they give it to you . . It is huge .
 I would like to add my voice to the Choir of Dismay , Frustration and Anger at this Piece of Crap printer . There was a time -LRB- long ago -RRB- that HP was a good brand that made good printers . Not now , Folks . I have had nothing but headaches with this printer that wo n't print . Paper Jams or never picks up the page , and now it 's making horrible , grinding noises . I 'm looking around for a printer that will actually print . The install was another headache , btw . I wish negative stars were an option - I did n't even want to give it one.On its behalf , I will say that the card reader and scanner are decent . The copier 's okay , too . But , IT 'S A PRINTER . That 's my main reason for needing it ... Duh !
 No piece of hardware should be as painful to use as this was . Not a bad printer when it worked -- but between the expiring ink cartridge issue , which a web search will tell you more about , functions that were dead on arrival , flaky tech support , paper feed issues , expensive ink , bloated hardware , and a scan/copy button that did nothing , it did n't work often enough . It does have an ethernet port , but there 's no point in networking a printer that does n't print . Also , if you get stuck with vague cartridge errors , removing one of the two ink cartridges may be a work around . Not acceptable performance , though.This printer 's about to go the way of Old Yeller , and be replaced with something that actually prints .
 This COULD be a great printer except for the paper handling mentioned before . I will never purchase another HP printer .
 I ca n't believe all the problems with feeding the paper . Glad -LRB- well not glad -RRB- to see I am not alone . I 've tried every and anything to get my paper to feed . If I knew then what I know now , I would have returned the piece of junk . It 's too late now .
 It 's all true about the paper jam issues . After a while , you need to manually load each piece of paper for it to pick it up . Once the paper is fed , it prints fine . It 's getting the paper to feed that 's the issue . It 's very frustrating !! Next time I 'm buying a different brand !
 This item has a number of issues , admitted on the site of HP and other forums.They vary from paper feed issues , to connection and hardware conflicts.I have experienced the printer working without problems for 3 months then suddenly with no hardward or software changes the printer stopped.I got it working again for a short period however there appears to be faults in the actual software from HP.If you want a hassle free printer that is reliable do n't buy this one.When it works it is very impressive but when it goes wrong , you 'll be regretting the day you brought it.Im sure there are plently of people that have this printer and have had no problems at all , however if you do your research there are an awful number of people that do have problems with it.Make your own mind up but check other sites/forums for reviews as well as here .
 I would n't buy this printer again . I have had it about 2 years . I get paper jams but that 's not the worse thing . The `` OK '' button stopped working . So when I get a paper jam , I have to shut the printer off and then back on . Also when I put new print cartridges in , I ca n't use the OK button so I have the message on the LCD to `` Align the cartridge '' . It does print nice pictures.Anyway , I have had several HP printers , they are usually great products . This is the worse printer I have ever had .
 Let me start out by saying , I am very tech-savvy . I 'm not trying to be cocky , but I know what I 'm talking about when it comes to computer stuff . This printer is horrible . I have had it for quite some time now . For the first few weeks it worked great and I thought I got myself a good printer . Well , after the first couple of weeks , I think the glue that they used at the HP factory came undone . The paper NEVER feeds on its own any more , and every time I try to print it jams . The bottom loading feeder takes 50 sheets at a time instead of the one sheet i 'm trying to feed it , and then I 'm screwed . The ink is Horribly expensive -LRB- like all HP printers -RRB- and I end up wasting most of it because I have to reprint everything . do n't waste your time with this one . HP really messed up on this one . Another thing that made me mad was the normal printable margins . there is an inch along the bottom that it wont print on unless you click the borderless printing option , but then it prints slower . Its ridiculous . I can honestly say that I will do everything in my power to avoid using/buying another HP printer !
 Worst . Piece . Of . Equipment . EVER . Oh , how I wish I were exaggerating . After reading many other reviews stating the same problem I 've been having -LRB- paper jam , out of paper -RRB- I can now justify the purchase of a new printer but not before I take great pleasure in placing this one carefully under the front tire of my car , running over it again and again , then packing the thousands of pieces into a box and sending it to HP .
 Printer worked well for about 2 months with light duty printing . Now get constant `` Out of Paper '' errors even though the papertray is full . I 've done everything suggested-cleaning roller , etc. . After cleaning roller the printer will feed paper for about 5 sheets and then fail again . HP support site says contact them for free cleaning kit . When I contacted then on Online Help site , after a bit of useless troubleshooting , I was told that the printer was out of warranty and cleaning kit would cost $ 39 . I estimate that I printed less than 100 pages of text with this pinter . Since I screwed up and bought extra print cartridges , my cost per page is probably around $ 2 per sheet . If you own this printer and are planning on upgrading to Vista-beware . There is a good chance the HP Solution Center will have problems .
 It does nice job of printing after you fight to get it to pick up paper , or it jams . Did the call HP right after buying it and they were really no help , clean rollors or some other thing you should not do with a new printer . bought there best brand of HP paper , that did not help.So I give up and will call this a total waste of money and am looking to buy a different printer , also This is just me but trying to get the drivers installed was a big pain .
 undoubtedly the worst piece of equipment i have ever owned . literally threw it into the street less then twenty minutes ago . the only enjoyable experience was heaving it fifteen feet into the air and watching it splatter in the driveway.paper jams , ink problems and general misery all around.would give this a negative 5 stars if i could .
 I tried online ` live ` support and asked for the kit to fix the `` out of paper '' problem , but they put me through a bunch of questions about it that took so long that I ran out of time . It does not seem to be as simple as contacting them and having them send out a kit .
 New 2575 Christmas 2005 . HP rep in CompUSA approached me when I was in to get a Lexmark cartridge for my old printer . Short sales pitch later I walked out with a new HP 2575 . It printed only 160 sheets before paper feed failed . HP sent a replacement under warranty . The replacement printed 262 sheets before the same problem emerged . Never abused or jammed . Used only HP paper . Stay away from this one . Read the other emails . Clearly a design defect . Sure wish I had n't tossed that Lexmark out .
 Great photos if you can get the paper to load . Paper jam after paper jam . Scanned images below average quality . Copies below average quality . Buyer beware !
 Every time I print ... OUT OF PAPER !! PAPER JAM !! OUT OF PAPER !!! PAPER JAM !!! SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEECH.this is the sorriest piece of junk i have ever had the misfortune to purchase . i will never buy an HP printer ever again .
 This is the 2nd HP printer I 've owned . The first one worked like a dream -LRB- another all-in-one but w/fax -RRB- , so I bought this one with a package at Best Buy when they would n't let me bundle my new PC with an all-in-one printer that included fax -LRB- why not ? costs more - if only they had ... -RRB- . Worked fine for about 2 months , well past return period.Now , paper jams and `` out of paper '' EVERY SINGLE TIME I PRINT , and using same paper I always have for years , with this printer and my old HP . It is not worth taking the chance that you will be one of the lucky ones that have reviewed on here that do n't have this problem -LRB- more than likely , they just reviewed before this paper feed problems starts - give it a month or two ! -RRB- . If you like hand-feeding each sheet of paper in your printer , you 'll love the HP 2575 . If you like to print and forget about it , or have large print jobs DO N'T BUY THIS PRINTER . The only bright side so far is that I get lots of exercise getting up from my PC and walking over to my printer , sometimes more than once per page , to coax the paper in . Oh , I ca n't get it to scan , either - despite uninstalling and reinstalling software.It 's got a lot of potential , especially in the beginning -LRB- print looks great , once it finally does -RRB- , but lacks the staying power to get the job done in the end . Save yourself the headache and get another printer - or do n't say you have n't been warned .
 I was so disappointed in the quality of these pencils . I could n't wait to get them , and when I sharpened them , the points kept breaking ! I tried different sharpeners , and lost half of my pencils before giving up . I will return them and continue buying the brand that I 've always purchased .
 Bought a set of the i6775 , the lookk was great and it was expandable . After 1o days the handet of the base went dead , changed the baterry and still no luck , although the other handsets , would even charge at the base . Took it back to Office Depot , and they gave me another system right away . Although I los all the memory information , I was pleased that they eschange it . And believe it or not , the new set , after 10 days had the same , exact , problem . Contacted Vtech for their opinion and was on hold for more than 20 minutes , so I hanged up and when to Office Depot and they reimburse me right away . Do not even look at Vtech ohones , their support system is the worst .
 The first phone went out within 30 days . Got along without it , until the second phone stopped working.Beach Audio instructed me to re-order , and they 'd send me a Return Authorization . Then they renegged.I will not do business with Beach Audio again .
 I bought this phone system about 6-7 months ago . I was happy with the performance , but very recently , two of the handsets failed . I thought it was a battery issue , so I replaced the batteries -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- . That does n't seem to have worked , as both of the handsets still wo n't take a charge . I have an older 2.4 Ghz Vtech which has worked fine for the past 4-5 years , but more recent experiences with VTech have turned me off . Look elsewhere for a more reliable phone system .
 Years ago , I had purchased some VTech products and was very displeased with the their quality . At that time , I swore never to buy VTech again.While recently seeking cordless phones with speakerphone options , I came across the i6775 . The price was right , and some time had passed , so I bought two sets -LRB- home and office -RRB- in June , 2006 . There 's only a three month warranty on these units , and one set recently -LRB- 11-2006 -RRB- died . After finally getting through to VTech support and troubleshooting with them , we could n't revive the system . The phones are useless , and I 'm stuck with them.You can guess my advice .
 of the 4 phones 1 had a bad battery . It has n't been worth the trouble of returning since there are still 3 good phones . might be what you get with amazon
 Be careful scrapbookers !!! This is NOT like the original Cropper Hopper ! It is not deep enought to fit 12X12 paper . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 I bought this box to store my old sketchbooks in . I was misled by another reviewer who claimed that the box was dust and water-proof , THIS IS FALSE ! The cover is cheap plastic that pops into the base by two bulb-shaped hinges . There are large , open gapes between the cover and the base when it 's closed , offering absolutely no protection from dust and moisture whatsoever . The handles broke the first time I lifted it -LRB- cheap plug-in type connector / hinge -RRB- . The only thing this box is good for is a trash-can .
 Found another file box just as good with out the handle for only $ 8.00 instead of the amount Advantus . Returned the box
 The notch where you insert the handle will break fairly quickly . I was using this product to store wires and other small electrical tools , weighing in no more than 6 pounds . After a week of use , -LRB- and only picking up the box twice -RRB- , I heard a crack and saw that a piece of the rim broke off , and now the handle does not stay in place . I can only imagine what happens when you fill up this organizer with paper , which is much more heavier and denser ...
 This phone is a piece of junk . I have usually been very happy with Sony products and this phone was excellent out of the box , but now 5 months later it is falling apart.The caller ID has ceased to work , the display is going out , and the answering machine gets worse and worse.Very disappointed in Sony on this one .
 Has a nice feature set , but beware . Like the other reviewers , my phone sporadically and frequently goes into channel search mode , which breaks up phone conversations . Intolerable . I 've had cheaper cordless phones by other manufacturers that were completely reliable -LRB- e.g. , Toshiba -RRB- . In fact , this was my first disappointment with cordless phones .
 This phone is a piece of ... . It beeps at people when you 're on the phone , which causes a moment of silence . The battery is terrible ! You ca n't talk on the phone for more than 20 minutes before the phone dies , even if it 's been charged for 2 days . Do not buy this phone ; you will be very disappointed .
 I bought this phone quite a while ago . It was great at first , but now the jog dial has just gone crazy . The slightest touch causes it to jump wildly -LRB- or not move at all -RRB- , rendering it close to useless . I rarely get channel searching or static as some others have mentioned .
 I have never had more people complain that they can not hear us than with this phone ! The sound quality is horrible . Whenever I call home I have to tell my husband to speak up until he 's practically shouting . The same is true for incoming calls . I ca n't say that I hear static , and I 'm not aware of the channels changing . People voices are just muffled , like they 're talking through a wall . Also , as another reviewer mentioned , the caller ID has some quirks , and does n't always show a new call . The answering machine also cuts out frequently . There are many features with the caller ID and number storage , but they are not very user friendly . Overall , this is the worst phone I 've ever had .
 Very similar experience to most other reviewers here . It started out great , with some `` fuzz '' on the receiver 's sound but still clear and audible . I used it happily for many hours of teleconferencing . Now it mysteriously drops out frequently , the voice quality has degraded , and the battery runs out too quickly . We 've only had it for 6 months or so , and it is too soon for it to be ... out like this . I would give it a chance and buy a new battery , but from the other reviews here it sounds futile .
 This phone did n't meet our expectations . We used it in the kitchen for a long time , and found that it is very hard to get clean , even with normal cleaning fluids.Battery life is an issue for this phone . Two new batteries lasted 9 months before they would n't hold a charge.When power goes out , there is no electronic memory for time , so when we have a power outage , which is frequent , we have to reset the clock . The outgoing message does n't erase , so why not the clock ??? There is no speakerphone capability either .
 Bought this phone several years ago ; should have returned it at once . Sound quality is poor and by about a year later , the LCD display began flaking out . The display and the selector wheel are now both useless . Battery has already been replaced twice and is dead again .
 I have the exact same problem one of the other reviewers noted . The phone will just die out in the middle of a conversation . The only way to keep talking is to run over to the base and move the phone by the antenna . What 's the point ? Calls to Sony provided absolutely no help . When the phone works , it 's cool , except the quality on the recorder is pretty bad . I 'm out here looking for another phone to replace this one . I love Sony products -LRB- I 've got TV , DVD , VCR , TIVO , Receiver , etc , -RRB- but I will never buy a Sony cordless again . I 'm not the only one , either . Everyone I know that has had one has been disappointed . I guess they ca n't be great at everything !
 This is a very poor phone and answering machine combo . Friends complain bitterly about the sound quality of the outgoing message . The sound quality of the phone is also substandard when compared to Panasonic & AT&T models . Finally , the incoming messages are almost incomprehensible . I own a SONY DAT machine and a television with which I am happy . But I have had consistent bad luck with SONY 's other consumer electronics and I have recently learned of others who have had similar complaints with this phone . Do n't buy this product .
 I loved this phone at first , even though the sound quality was poor on the answering machine , both incoming and outgoing . Sometimes I could n't even understand what the caller said the sound was so muffled . Running a business from home , this was unacceptable . But I was willing to live with it because of the investment and I loved the handset caller ID and the directory that was very handy in the handset . Now , however , approx . 9 months after purchase , it constantly does this `` channel searching '' while I 'm talking , and it mutes what I 'm saying and what I 'm hearing until it `` finds '' a channel , even though there was no need for the `` channel searching '' because the connection was good . There is no way to turn this feature off . I even bought a new battery hoping that would solve the problem but it did not . Now the LED readout on the handset is blank sometimes . In short , DONT waste your money on this . What a disappointment from Sony .
 I 'm compelled to update my earlier review of the Sony phone . As I stated in the first review , I returned the SPP-A973 because caller ID did not perform properly . I assumed that this was just bad luck and that the next phone would perform as expected . I was wrong . There is something wrong with Sony 's caller ID system . Specifically , I found that if I received a phone call , Sony 's caller ID would * sometimes * show the call as a new call . But , typically , the call was erroneously included as ` old ' . Sometimes , caller ID would not record the call at all . The day I returned the phone , a friend of mine left a recorded message . The message indicator performed as expected -LRB- a blinking numerical light -RRB- but the caller ID light did not activate . And , as I scrolled the recorded caller ID calls , that particular phone call was included in the old phone call list.I tried two phones and each exhibited the same characteristics . Calls to Sony 's customer support shed no light on the problem . I traded the Sony for the Uniden EXAI 8985 . Caller ID works perfectly on this phone . Given my experience with the SPP-A973 , I ca n't recommend it . I would be interested in comments from others who have reviewed the phone and whether my observations regarding caller ID can be confirmed . In my view the Panasonic -LRB- which I described in a previous review -RRB- is the phone to purchase .
 This phone was fantastic for about 8 months . I could go about 100 yards from my house while talking without any interference . However in the last month the handset started `` Channel Searching '' no matter how close I was to the base and how good the signal . Two days ago the handset went into channel search mode and literally has not stopped searching since . I have done everything I can think of including change the battery and it continues to search and while it searches the answering machine does n't seem to work . Oh well , no more Sony for me .
 We 've had this telephone for about one year , and we love the features . However , we 've had to replace the battery already -LRB- the replacement is very expensive , as batteries go -RRB- . Also , the phone is constantly muting -- it makes a terrible clicking sound , too -- resulting in having to ask people to repeat themselves over and over . It must be channel surfing , but there is no need for this . I will be buying another phone , but not a Sony .
 I 've been a loyal Sony fan for many years which is why I bought the phone . Owning the phone for just over six months , there is some static while talking and occassionally cuts off . Although I have returned the phone to the Sony authorized dealer , they replaced the battery and gave the phone a thorough check . There was no improvement noted . I would pass on this Sony product .
 I bought this for my father who has severe hearing loss and wears 2 hearing aids . It really did not improve his ability to communicate over current phones that he has . Good feature was that it lit up when he received an incoming call . I will probably be looking into a captioning phone for him next .
 Could be a characteristic of all amplified phones , but this one had static everytime the boost is used . Returned it .
 We bought the most expensive , high end laminator this company makes , and have had trouble since day 1 . GBC itself has no customer support system at all , instead they refer you to the closest seller -LRB- in our case 4 hours away -RRB- . Since we 've not received good service from the seller , we 've asked GBC for an alternate , which they were unable to provide - they literally have no idea who carries their products ! This is incredible to me - so I have to say their customer service is nonexistent - pretty sad ...
 My 1 star rating is because I did n't receive 100 mailers . I received 98 . If it is advertised for 100 I should receive 100 . Simple as that .
 This engine will actually run for a few seconds , but the cheap plastic gears are somewhat deformed , causing it to constantly stop and bind . Pulleys are made of rubber , and flashing on the them and the plastic also make it stop . A great idea , but stinks in quality . You can get the same exact product at musclewires.com for $ 49.95 and be 30 % less disappointed . It 's worth about $ 10.00 for the removable nitinol spring , but the rest of it is plastic junk .
 This is a good binder . I only did not work for me because the width only is enough to fit 8.5 x 11 sheets of paper . If you wish to include tab dividers the will protrude past the width of the binder . Also the expansion is limited in that you start from 3 &#34; and expand to 5 &#34; inches . The binder can not collapse smaller than 3 &#34; . So as long as these two items are not an issue , it is sturdy and durable
 These folders were a good price , and I 've ordered this same style of Avery folder previously from another seller for my place of work and liked them , but these were disappointing when I opened them up . The pictures on Amazon did not reveal their thinness and how flimsy they are ; also , the inside pockets are not fully attached on all sides to the folder , which would allow papers to fall out when the folder is opened . The overall look of these black folders is fine , but handling it is another matter . My co-worker who uses these will have to be careful with them , since they 're so thin they will crease easily . I will not buy these again for my office .
 I was disappointed because I was expecting a slick fast surface like optical mouse pads tend to use . Instead , it is similar to the cushion old-fashioned mouse pad and my optical mouse does not glide across it as well as it does on the harder surfaces . But as of 7/22/12 , it is only $ 4 !
 Looked very cheap . Black plastic speaker worn . Also a bit too big for home use . There are also two loose pieces require tapes to hold them together with main frame . Yak
 Do n't buy this if you are looking for a translator that pronounces -LRB- speaks -RRB- words . It sounds like early 1980 's computer voice synthesizers and the result is very poor . Enligh is my first language , and it is difficult for me to understand the English words it speaks . Some of the words , I could only understand because I was looking at the written word on the screen at the same time I was listening to the spoken word . When I tried the French words on several native French-speaking people , it was difficult for them as well . It does written translations OK . The user interface is a little bit awkward and not very intuitive .
 this is my second cordless phone with a headset-this one I can not hear out of . I contacted the seller Rainbow Barter and they said all sales were final . So I tried to contact IBM sat on the phone 25 minutes the first time on hold , was disconnected and I am sitting again 25 minutes . maybe this time I will get luck : -LRB-
 I have had no luck with this product . It seemed to work fine in the beginning , but after a few weeks I began to get terrible static problems , which can be very disruptive both to me and to my callers . Sometimes a call comes in and it gives a funny ring that tells me there 's no way I 'll be able to answer the call on that phone . Sometimes it tells me the battery has run down , even though after I put the unit back on the base and pick it back up again the battery will read fully charged . I really ca n't go into all the strange things this phone does in just 1000 words.I do like the headset feature , which allows me to wander the house and do stuff with my hands while I 'm yakking away , but the belt clip is a mystery . It 's hinged , so that it just flips out of my belt or whatever . I have to be sure to wear a shirt with a chest pocket if I really want to be hands-free . The headset offers good sound , both to me and my callers.I should note that this is my first cordless phone and it 's possible that the problems mentioned above are to do with my environment and not the phone , but I find that hard to believe.Maybe after I replace this thing I can come back and say .
 I got this phone thinking that the name brand would stand for quality but it completely did not . The replacement cost me lots of shipping cost and did not even been to work . My advice it see this model do not buy unless you like pain and suffering with big cost for a truly inferior product . Clearly IBM does not care about their customer base . Their service after the sale is extremely bad . Their design on this phone was so poor that the phone only almost worked for 1 day .
 The editiorial review claims that this is a great bedside table , but it fails to tell you that the clock and all of the other parts of the unit are not lighted ! Needless to say , what is the point of an alarm clock if you can not see it at night ! I will be returning this item immeditately !!
 It does pretty much everything that I was looking for Except!The display is not easily visible , there is no backlight , so in dim light or at night you ca n't see who is calling or any of the time data.Also , maybe I have n't found the right button , but it does n't seem to hand up after a call unless you replace the phone in the cradle.They should make a cordless version & light the display .
 I had my last phone for 40 years and due to remodling I purchased a NWB phone and it lasted 5 months . You ca n't get through to their help line most of the time and twice I left my phone number to receive a call back and received none . They do not answer their e-mail either . These pnones are junk . BEWARE !
 Can not read the LCD display ... not lit ... bad angle ... have to tilt to see
 I hate this phone clock and I sent it back . A can with a string would be better , what a total pain .
 DO NOT BUY THIS LAMINATOR . The first one I bought broke and the replacement broke the first time I used it . Waste of time and money .
 I bought one of these and it broke the first day I used it . Amazon replaced it for free , but for no good because the second one broke soon after I got it too . Very poor laminator . I went to Office Depot and bought one from Xerox and it works much better .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this machine . I have the same problems as everyone else , It broke after using only 5 days , I was going to have them replace but after reading other reviews , I will get refund .
 This product was never in stock and I was refunded my money . The next time I placed this order from another listing , the wrong product was sent .
 Amazon did a great job in getting the item out to me fast . Unfortunetly the item does not perform up to standards . It does n't get hot enough to do a proper seal . It left bubbles all over the item . I tried it a couple of time by letting the machine warm up for up to 15 minutes and still did not get a proper seal .
 I just bought a kodak 3.2 megapixel camera at walmart for $ 88 . this is VERY overpriced , It looks like it should cost $ 25 or less
 With this camera I was able to making high quality pictures only outside . Inside of any house or room pictures are ugly . They are in very bad red-light or orange-red color . I do not use this camera as I expected and I ca n't return because package was opened . Of course , I opened to see how this camera work . But requirements for returns by mail does not aloud to return this useless camera back to their place : - -LRB-
 I got mine in a `` it 's got to go '' sale at a local big name computer/office supply store for about $ 29 . The directions are less-than-stellar ; you 're going to have to experiment . The photo quality is n't all that bad for a cheapie . Getting an updated driver from the Micro Innovations web site seems to be a chore for many buyers as there are NO drivers available as of the time of this posting . Get something good for your money .
 Do n't buy this camera . It 's truly terrible and the support was non-existent . The manual does not even explain how to turn on the flash , let alone how to trouble shoot any other problems . I spent several HOURS trying to get this to work . Do n't even bother .
 I read some of the negative reviews here before buying this phone . But I really liked the hi-tech design so I bought one anyway , I 'm one of those got ta see for myself people . Here is the scoop - this phone has major design problems . First the hard plastic hand piece vibrates when the other party talks which causes distortion -LRB- kind of like if you try to talk through a sheet of waxed paper -RRB- . Second - The ringer on the phone is very `` wimpy '' it ca n't be heard in the next room even when set to the highest level . -LRB- IBM/TT should have put a ringer in the base set like Sony did -RRB- and finally the talk key which answers and hangs up the phone sticks out too far , it will hang up the phone when you are talking if it gets to close to your face .
 Wow , the sound quality on this phone is poor . The person I 'm talking with sounds like they 're down a well , and there is a constant echo of my own voice.I 've tried a couple of different style headsets , too , and though that takes care of the echo , the volume put out the headset port is inadequate . Also , there are some intermittent clicks and pops with either headset.Sure , it looks cool , but it 's a piece of junk .
 I bought one ... Charge it for one night , make two phone call , then pack and return it . echo and noise !! Can not believe it 's an IBM product !! Please never try it to waste your money and time .
 Note to self - do n't buy a phone just because it looks good . Check the reviews first !!! Awful sound . Painfully loud crackling static . Red light starts blinking whenever you use the phone . So it looks like you have a message all the time . To cancel red light you have to delete all your caller ID 's . Ridiculous . And there is NO backlight -LRB- added to the fact that the LCD display is hard to read anyway -RRB- . A total waste of money .
 Ths phone is terrible . It 's impossible to hear -- either too loud with dreadful echoes or painfully soft . Not worth the bargain price for which I bought it .
 Phone works fine , but signal dropouts begin when any more than 10 feet from the base . My old 47mhz cordless works better from the same location .
 I read some of the negative reviews here before buying this phone . But I really liked the hi-tech design so I bought one anyway , I 'm one of those got ta see for myself people . Here is the scoop - this phone has major design problems . First the hard plastic hand piece vibrates when the other party talks which causes distortion -LRB- kind of like if you try to talk through a sheet of waxed paper -RRB- . Second - The ringer on the phone is very `` wimpy '' it ca n't be heard in the next room even when set to the highest level . -LRB- IBM/TT should have put a ringer in the base set like Sony did -RRB- and finally the talk key which answers and hangs up the phone sticks out too far , it will hang up the phone when you are talking if it gets to close to your face .
 Good Price with a nice package , but very poor quality sound . We purchased 2 of these phones ... both had echo , and low sound quality . We could not even have a conversation with the other party . Both are being returned !!
 The backlit display did not work nor did the memory call feature . The memory would store numbers but would not dial the numbers . The buttons and steps to use other features were somewhat awkward in sequence . I returned the unit to Amazon as I found it very inferior .
 This phone is so poorly designed that I returned it after 1 month . The primary issues are ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- You always have to press the `` Talk '' button 3 times -LRB- not once -RRB- in order to get a dial tone . -LRB- 2 -RRB- When a voice message is waiting , the phone beeps loudly every 30 seconds . Very annoying when you let the phone take a message because you are preoccupied or have company visiting . -LRB- 3 -RRB- If you have the base wallmounted , the handset does not rest securely in the base -- Half the time it falls off when you set it down .
 This is perhaps the worst electronics purchase I have ever made . The phone would sometimes auto answer from the base when you picked it up , sometimes not , so half the time you were either trying to talk into a ringing phone or inadvertently disconnecting someone when you pushed the talk button . A real design innovation . I once pushed the hold button when hanging up the phone , causing the line to be busy for about 12 hours . Why would the hold button stay engaged after a call is ended ? It makes no sense . The static was deplorable after a while , and the phone was unusable if you ran the microwave . Was this product not tested ? Finally could n't stand it and replaced it after less than a year .
 This phone is c ** p . It is outsourced to some company and bears the IBM logo , but the quality is low -LRB- like a lot of things manufactured in China -RRB- . My battery died after 5 months and I can not find a replacement . I talked to the company that manufactures this phone and they promissed me a replacement but I did not get it yet.The headset works only in one position . If the microwave is working in our house , I am getting static . Sometimes you would have to press a couple of times on the Talk button to get a tone.SKIP IT !
 Speakerphone part works alright . If you get the handset to work you have to be right on top of the base unit , sometimes even then it will not work . The phone hangs up on you when trying to connect . You have to push the talk button four or five times just to try to get a line out . If a connection is made it is full of static . My rating would be a Negative 10 if they had that type of rating . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!
 I am very disappointed with this phone . I have to press the talk button several times to get a dial tone , and then when I do get a dial tone and make a call , I have a very hard time hearing the person on the other end of the line . The caller id feature does not work , and I know it is n't my phone company because our other CID displays work fine . It always just flashes `` Ringing '' on the display when the phone rings . I have owned this phone for 6 months now , and I am planning to replace it very soon .
 Purchasing this telephone was a HUGE mistake . The battery died after six months and looking for a replacement battery is like trying to locate a needle in a haystack ! When my microwave is in use ; the telephone ca n't be in use - what 's the connection ? There is none ! When a message is left , the telephone continues to beep every minute until the message is checked . The only purpose for this telephone
 I pack and ship items on a daily basis . I bought this tape to seal my packages . It was cheap -LRB- so yay for price -RRB- , but extremely low quality . It will not adequately seal a cardboard mailer without many layers . Even then , I worry that the package will open in transit.Lesson learned . Next time I will pay more for a higher quality product .
 I have to give them a negative-10 ! the add clearly says a 6pack so I ordered 5 sixpacs and the only sent me 5 rolls ! Clearly false advertising ! I even orderd some for my sister ! What a rip off ! Do n't order from them !!!!!!!!!!!! Plus the shipping of $ 8 that is a RIP OFF !!!!! Scotch Sealing Tape , 1.88 x 54.6 Yards , Clear , 6 Pack -LRB- 3690 -RRB-
 I am in the process of looking to return . The seal is not so good , so you have to run it through the machine a couple of times . In addition , the lamination has ridges in it . It is n't a smoothe finish -LRB- and it is n't air pockets ?? -RRB-
 My wife used hers no more than 4 times and it burned up . She was not using very heavy at one time . This unit was just not up to standards we set , but for the money , I guess you get what you pay for.Invest in a more expensive unit .
 Looking at some reviewers that said that this was a great unit and other that said that this unit was n't up to the job . The latter was the case for us , it had been in use for about an hour and a half and then stoped working . My boss seemed to get it working for a bit after this -LRB- though I do n't know how long -RRB- but at this point ca n't seem to get the sucker turned on . So just a heads up on this unit , I hope if you buy this that you will have one of the glowing reviews , so maybe I just got a lemon .
 I 've gone through 3 of these ... finally learned my lesson . They have n't lasted a full year ! I only sharpen a dozen pencils per week maximum.They just die !
 It does not sharpen many pencils before it quits working . this is the 2nd one I purchased and I have to return this one also .
 Likes : > Good , strong , `` Extra Heavy Duty motor '' makes sharpening pencils a breeze . > Designed for `` Daily Continuous Usage '' . > Intended for `` Office Use '' . > `` Pencilsaver '' prevents over-sharpening and waste . > Auto-reset to prevent motor burnout . > Relatively quiet.Dislikes : > VERY small/volume-challenged shavings receptacle/tray . > Only one standard sized opening for # 2 pencils . > Shavings tray is part of the front cover ; the weak plastic may not withstand repeated removal/reinstallation . > $ 50.29 for this ? > Long term durability?Bottom Line : Lots of promises but failed to deliver on some crucial points
 I bought this for my third grade classroom . I figured if I spent the money , I would get a good sharpener . Well , it worked well for a couple of months but now hardly works at all . I emailed the company and got no satisfaction at all . Teachers , do not waste your money .
 I bought this sharpener less than a month ago and have two kids who use the sharpener along with me ... we do n't even use that many pencils and it burned out IN LESS THAN A MONTH . Will be trying a heavy duty electric stapler by Stanley ... hopefully it will work out better than this hunk of junk I have now , and I bought it for more than what its selling for on Amazon !
 This is the THIRD one of these I 've bought . They never last a full year ... just quit ! Note that I sharpen no more than a dozen pencils a week !
 I am a teacher in a high school , and we have these pencil sharpeners in our classrooms . The X-Acto model L is literally a piece of garbage - you could sit there and sharpen for 2 minutes straight and still wo n't have a useable point for your pencil . A kitchen knife would be easier to use to sharpen a pencil than this piece of worthless metal . Awful pencil sharpener .
 I bought this phone because I have used other panasonic product and have been very happy with them . granted there are a lot of nice features on this phone and it will go all over the place but mine only lasted 1 month before i started having nothing but problems . first the battery went bad . then the phone had more problems that would n't allow it to operate off the base unit . if it were n't for these fairly major problems it would have been and excellent phone .
 This is the worst phone on the market today . Save your money . The battery does n't last long enough to finish a phone call no matter how long you charge it . You ca n't even turn the ringer down or off . Do n't waste your time or money on this phone or any other panasonic products . Everytime I buy from them , the product turns out being defective .
 my first panasonic 2563 works great ... this 2583 wo n't hold a charge for more than 10 minutes talk time ... and it 's only two weeks old !!!!!!!!!! customer service offered to replace it with a refurbished model when all i 'm looking for is a new battery ... i paid top dollar so that i could trade it in two weeks later for a refurbished unit ... i 'm very dissapointed with them ... never another panasonic .
 I wish I had taken heed to the warnings before I purchased this phone in Feb. 2003 ... The battery life is the worst I 've EVER seen ! You probably get a good 10 mins . of talk time per charge ... PLEASE DO N'T BUY IT !!!!
 While I did purchase this phone refurbished , I still expected far better performance from a 2.4 GHz phone . While distance has not been a problem , the quality of the reception has been poor since day one . I really do not use any other the features so I can accutately comment on those .
 Terrible sound quality coupled with an expensive price combine to make this phone an ill-advised purchase .
 This is probably the worst panasonic phone ever . Thebattery life is a joke . You charged the phone for wholeday , and after 1 hour talking , you have to recharge itagain . Completely useless.This will be the last panasonic phone I will ever buy
 I had the previous version of this phone -LRB- and 900 MHZ panasonic cordless before that -RRB- , but when the headset jack went bad , I upgraded to this new model.It is not an upgrade , but a downgrade ! 1 -RRB- The battery life is abysmal -- just about 1.25 hours of talk time , less than 1/2 the previous model . And it often cuts out when I 'm on a call with clients without the beep warning .2 -RRB- The action on the blue navigation button stinks . I can look up a number in a a phne book and dial it with my own fingers faster than scrolling through the phone 's directory . What 's the point ? 3 -RRB- Performance with a headset is terrible . People are always saying that I sound very far away -- a problem I did n't have with the old phone -LRB- same headset and settings -RRB- . I like the features -LRB- speaker with keypad , voicemail light -RRB- , form factor and cordless performance . But this phone does n't cut it for me anymore .
 It is a phone with many nice and unique features and a pretty good range . Before you buying any Panasonic phone , be aware that all Panasonic phone products may have the some common issues . The following list is for your consideration :1 . You can never turn off the ringer unless unplugging the phone line ; 2 . You can never turn off the sometimes-annoying keypad tone ; 3 . Do n't operate it too fast or you get the infamous Panasonic `` out of range '' problem even if your phone is 1 inch away from the base . To reset it , you need to unplug it from the power cord for a few minutes ; 4 . If you call in to check new messages , the first choice is `` play all messages '' rather than `` play new messages '' . Be patient with the slow prompts and there 's no shortcut .5 . it 's not likely you will remember how to set the clock , so do n't unplug it from the power source , unless you have to .6 . Your recorded greeting will never sound too good over the phone . The caller should not speak too fast or too low when recording . This is not just Panasonic 's issue though .7 . Nobody liked the way it looks when I mounted it onto the wall ; 8 . The phone is water-resistant , but not the marks for the buttons . They may fade out before the battery dies ; 9 . Average sound quality ;
 I purchased this phone a few weeks ago . The best I can say about it is that it works . The battery only holds a charge for four hours . It is complicated to use . For example , you ca n't just adjust the ringer volume ... you have to either refer to the owner 's manual or play with all the function keys to figure it out . I really dislike this phone .
 We lost the handset . Called Panasonic to get a replacement , they would not sell us a replacement handset . Overall disappointed with Panasonic and this phone .
 I have had this phone for about two years . I kept blaming the kids for not putting it back on the cradle to recharge , but then they went away to camp this summer and I know it was on the cradle whenever it should have been . Fully charged it only lasts about an hour . Replacing the battery helped for a month or two , but now it has started to drain too rapidly again . I do n't think having to buy a new battery every three months is reasonable . My other phones have never had this problem .
 The phone itself could be great . It has every feature that the average person could ever need . Fairly easy to figure out and use also . The problem ... the battery lasts only for about a half an hour of talk time -LRB- after being on the charger all day -RRB- before it cuts out and can not be used again for several more hours . Over all , I would have to say not worth the aggravation
 Very poor quality for a premium price . The sound quality is poor . There is a distinct background hiss on all channels . The battery does n't keep a charge very long , and there is no mute key -LRB- an absolute must for a speaker phone -RRB- .
 I GOT THIS PHONE 6-9 MONTHS AGO , IT WORKED VERY GOOD AT FIRST , BUT NOW WHEN I TALK ON CORDLESS PHONE NOONE CAN HEAR ME , I AM REDUCED TO USING THE SPEAKER PHONE . PANASONIC 'S CUSTOMER SERVICE REALLY BITES , THEY NEED A LESSON IN CUSTOMER SERVICE 101 . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE , U CAN DO MUCH BETTER WITH YOUR HARD EARN MONEY !
 I purchased this phone in January 2003 . I had seen the poor ratings from others with the battery problem , but I had such a great experience with my earlier Panasonic phone that I foolishly overlooked the complaints.The first few weeks , the phone worked remarkably well . Now I ca n't even use this phone for 15-30 minutes without it dying . And I have to leave it on the charger 24/7 or else it dies just sitting on my desk doing nothing . And perhaps the most annoying aspect is that you wo n't even get a battery is low noise . Instead the phone simply cuts off your call.I 've had no other issues with this phone . The speaker phone is good and the keypad is fine . But the battery makes this phone a very poor purchase . So please do yourself a favor and steer clear of this phone . I 've owned some great Panasonic phones , but sadly it seems the Panasonic phone line has come on hard times since other current Panasonic phones seem to have a similar problem . I hope this helps any who are looking at this phone.EDITED MARCH 02 , 2004 , TO ADD FURTHER NOTES : I decided to try a solution offered by one of the other reviewers of this product . They replaced their poor Panasonic battery with a non-Panasonic battery and have seemingly fixed their problems.So I headed to the nearest Radio Shack to buy one of their Radio Shack brand phone batteries and thus far it 's working great . The battery I purchased was catalog number 23-270 -LRB- $ 14 and change after tax -RRB- and it 's a Radio Shack 3.6 V/1200mAh NiMH Battery . The battery itself is a little smaller than the Panasonic battery , but still works like a charm.So if you 're having a problem with the battery , replace it with a non-Panasonic battery and you should be fine . I thank the previous poster who offered up the idea originally . For whatever reason , I never thought to try an off-brand battery . I hope this helps those who ran into this problem like myself .
 I bought this phone as a Christmas present for a friend , and the feature set and design appeared to be just ` perfect ' . We did notice right away the voice quality makes it sound like he 's talking into a tunnel , but we could ignore that . He loved the ` message waiting light ' and the one-touch voice-mail key , the volume controls and so forth . However , as time goes by , the phone is more and more unreliable at connecting outgoing calls . He dials a number , and it just ` goes dead ' like a cell-phone dropping a call . He hangs up and tries again . Depending on the exchange he 's calling , it can take 3 or even 6 tries to get through . The callee 's say they heard him each time , or saw his name on their caller ID . I 've been there when it 's happened , and made sure the battery was charged , etc. . Panasonic Tech Spt was only able to review the manual with me , which was no help because the problem is that the design appears to be flawed . Others have told us they 've had the same problem with Panasonic phones . It 's really too bad , because there are so many totally cool features on this phone - but what good are they if you ca n't even make outgoing calls ?
 I have had this phone for about a year now and have found it to be unacceptable.First the range is not as good as my previous Sanyo 900MHz , also the battery life was never good -- again , the Sanyo was far superior . I now can not even finish a conversation as the battery only lasts about 15-20 minutes . Another item that has not been good is volume control , and ringer . I will probably never buy anything made by Panasonic again.My thought is that Panasonic tried to lure people into buying their phone with a wealth of great features and then used cheap components to meet their price point.I did a little research on the Web and found that the battery is a NiCad type and has only 850mAh using the supplied P-P510 , but after I searched around awhile I found that there is an optional battery
 I had a Uniden phone for over 10 years which I loved . Unfortunately lighting hit and blew out all my phone lines and phones . I spent a lot of time trying to find the right phone and thought I had . I bought this phone about 11/2 years ago , not only does the battery go dead quickly but I have already had to replace the battery . Then my keypad started to wear out . I do not use the phone and/or keypad excessively . I was sure it was a defect so I called Panasonic . The options they gave me were completely unacceptable . I am now shopping for a new phone and it certainly will not be a Panasonic no matter what the reviews or features are .
 The phone has great features and reception , but the battery 's need to be replaced within 3 months . I have 2 Panasonic cordless phones and this has been a problem with both phones .
 Bought this phone less than a year ago from Good Guys . Hand unit will regularly freeze up for minutes at a time . Base unit will not consistanty charge the hand unit . When the hand unit indicates a full charge it will run out with one hours continuous use . What started out a month ago as random hissing has turned into a regular background hiss that makes communication all but impossible . Menu options on handset are cumbersome and frustrating . No mute button on speakerphone . I am told that Good Guys only has 30 day return policy and If I had purchased an extended warranty they would replace it . I should not have to plan for product failure in a $ 200 phone in less than a year .
 I gave this phone a good review when I first bought it -LRB- 4 stars if you can believe it ?! -RRB- , but then after about a year I started experiencing some extremely annoying problems . 1st it almost always says `` out of range '' -LRB- I live in a 1200 sq ft condo , so I ca n't go too far `` out of range '' , whatever the heck that means -RRB- and even when standing right next to the base it would still say `` out of range '' . Impossible as it sounds , that is not the most annoying problem . The most annoying feature of this piece of junk is that phone itself also has a battery , a special Panasonic battery -LRB- not included -RRB- that you have to keep replacing and if you do n't get to the phone fast enough -LRB- if you read the manual , it says within 3 minutes !! -RRB- You loose all your stored info like preferences , phone numbers , etc and in addition to replacing the battery , you have to recharge for 7 whole hours . So unless you have another phone handy , that could be a problem . But the worst part is that the battery cover on the back of the phone is next to impossible to remove , 3 minutes is not long enough even if you had advance warning , so you will most likely loose all the info anyways . Strength is not the issue in removing the cover ; you have to have 3 hands . So right now , the phone is on the junk pile and I 'm off to by a new phone , not a Panasonic .
 ... the problems with my phone started 3 months and 11 days after purchase . Panasonic are absolutely not there in support - their solution is to send the phone back to them for repair or they will send me a refurb -LRB- at my expense ... thanks a lot -RRB- . Meanwhile - my solution - BUY A NEW PHONE until they get around to returning mine to me ! Great ! Thanks ! Never again ...
 This phone makes you sound like you are in a tunnel . It appears to be a flaw with the way the microphone is angled ... I have owned a couple of Panasonic phones in the past which were amazing . It 's too bad that this one turned out to be junk . Due to the poor sound quality and horrible repair policy , this will be the last Panasonic phone I will ever purchase .
 There is some type of flaw in the design of some of these models that prevent the hand set from being charged after a sometimes short period of time . I bought a 2.4 Ghz unit in June and about a week ago the hand set did n't recharge . I bought a new $ 20 . battery and it still did n't recharge . So I took the unit back to Circuit City and tried to exchange it . The return guy told me that I had to call Panasonic for an authorization number . Called , talked to Dawn and she said that it was Panasonic 's policy to only repair , never exchange defective merchandise . After a period of time I can understand that policy but three months . A 200 dollar phone should work better than that . The guy at Circuit City was so annoyed at this that he gave me an extended warranty on the phone and told me to go pick out another.The guy at Circuit City felt that there was some type of fundamental problem with these phones recharging the hand set .
 I liked the design of this phone . It had all the features I wanted . My only complaint before buying it was that it would not stand up on a table and had to be laid in a prone position . After purchasing the phone I found much more to complain about ! Little good it did . Panasonic has the worst customer service of any company I 've ever dealt with.Now about this phone . When you try to make a call , check messages or Caller ID log , most of the time the display says `` Searching '' followed by `` Out of range '' . This can be anywhere in the house including no more than 2 feet from the base ! When you can get it to turn on and you 're speaking with someone , the interference is so bad it could have been used as laboratory sound effects in the original Frankenstein movie ! Oscillating buzzing , humming and clicking . I 've thought perhaps I have some sort of emissive signal nearby but 2 other 900 mhz phones I have work fine -LRB- see Sony below -RRB- . When the phone rings the display -LRB- Caller ID -RRB- just says
 Not very happy with the clarity of this phone . Also , very uncomfortable the way it rests on my ear and it also feels like I am talking into an echo . Taking it back to Staples tomorrow . Overpriced . Unsure of what else to buy . Just glad to dispose of it .
 I bought this because it was the cheapest 2.4 GHZ phone at Best Buy . Bad idea.Overall , the battery life has been the worst of any cordless phone I 've had , and the reception , though starting off clear , gets progressively worse as the conversations go on . Usually , within 20 minutes of starting a conversation , I have to switch to my 900 mhz to clear up the reception.I definitely would not recommend this product .
 Bought this phone right when 2.4 GHz phones came out . I thought it would be an upgrade over 900 MHz phones . Boy was I wrong . The static on this thing is ridiculous . You will be talking with someone and all of a sudden its 95 % static . Completely annoying ... recommendation
 Bought this phone right when 2.4 GHz phones came out . I thought it would be an upgrade over 900 MHz phones . Boy was I wrong . The static on this thing is ridiculous . You will be talking with someone and all of a sudden its 95 % static . Completely annoying ... recommendation
 After getting tired of looking for batteries for our other sharpeners , I decided to look for a sharpener closer to what I used in school . Well this one is not it . After three uses , the entire collection cup just came off and would not go back on after adjusting every way imaginable . In order to sharpen a pencil , the cup must be on securely and ours was just flat out broken . Also the pad on the bottom of the unit was very loose upon opening but we were still able to make it suction to our granite . Do n't waste your money on this cheap plastic .
 This thing would never stay suctioned down to any surface . So you are forced to hold the sharpener while trying to sharpen the pencil , and half the time it wo n't even sharpen them properly , it will just `` eat '' them . And then the plastic cover breaks . This happened to 2 different sharpeners . Find something that is better quality . it 's not worth your time .
 i bought this for my kids to sharpen their pencils for school . we have had it since august 2010 this thing is truly a piece of junk . It wont sharpen straight now it wont sharpen at all wont stay still . This company should be ashamed to sell this product .
 I had this thing for 1 day before the plastic receptacle came apart . It also sharpened pencils off-center , leaving wood up one side . Waste of money !
 I hate electric pencil sharpeners and asked my sister if she could pick me up a hand crank one like the wall mounted one we had as kids . She came home with this . It does not stick well to a surface and you are lucky if you get through sharpening one pencil without it popping off the surface . One fall to the ground -LRB- which is inevitable with little kids -RRB- and the cover cracked . Save your money and buy one that screws into the wall and just mount it in the laundry room or the garage or something if you do n't want to mess up your desk area .
 I got this for my kids to use at home and for a few months it was a good little sharpener . Suction works well , not messy to dump out the shavings , etc. . However , the teeth on the wheels grinded too much and stopped making the sharpening piece inside to turn .
 I second the reviews of V.Newman and cerbu . - Loose blade/handle design means the pencil is always sharpened off-center . - Suction base is not strong enough to keep the unit firmly attached , even if the surface is smooth and non-pourous , like a laminated desk top . - Our shavings receptacle broke apart after about 1.5 years.Two stars because for a limited time the sharpener gives a substandard , but usable , point to a pencil . I have sometimes resorted to using a pen knife to sharpen pencils rather than hassle with this X-acto sharpener . If you 're looking for a good sharpener you can use for years look elsewhere .
 First , this pencil sharpener only has one `` blade '' inside to sharpen the pencil . Without having a second , opposing blade inside , the pencil is always pushed away from the blade and sharpens off-center . Next , the vacuum base never stays put through even a single sharpening cycle.And the final straw , the other day , after having this for less than six months , the plastic shavings receptacle came apart -LRB- it 's two pieces glued together -RRB- , spewing sawdust and pencil graphite all over everything.I strongly recommend against this one .
 I bought this becuase I needed a sharpener for my classroom . It worked very well for about 7-8 weeks . Then the plastic bowl part that catches the shavings broke . I bought a second one , and the same thing happened . I would rather pay more money for one that lasts longer .
 I just bought this and sucessfully vacuum-mounted it once . When I went to move it to another part of my desk to make more space for my papers , I could not get it to stick at all . Absurd . Do n't buy this . Go electric or drill holes in your wall . This is not the solution .
 There are 3 major design flaws . One , it sharpens uneven about half the time . Two , the thing is not steady , and bends . Three , the vacuum does not hold for even 20 seconds . This thing is always falling off my desk . It 's the worst sharpener I 've ever had . Shame on you , X-Acto . I thought with a good brand name , it would be good quality , but I was wrong .
 This worked great for us for about 10 months . My son sharpens all the pencils in the house every Monday , so we only use it about twice a week in all . This morning it refused to work and upon close examination we discovered that the METAL gears had stripped ! The plastic parts have held up fine.So , I 'm back to the drawing board on what kind of pencil sharpener to get ...
 I bought it , looked at it and sent it back . 1st flaw
 The plastic shavings case popped apart on the first emptying . Still looking around the house for superglue to fix it .
 I purchased two of these pencil sharpeners for my 4th graders classroom and in less than a week , they have both broken . Do not purchase these for classroom use .
 This item broke in the first day we received it . The clear plastic `` cup '' that holds pencil shavings broke off from the back , this was after we only shapened about 5-6 pencils.Very disappointed . Amazon is great though and we rec 'd a refund . Thanks Amazon .
 I have n't found that this sharpener is as good as expected . It does n't stay solidly ` stuck down ' on the surface you put it on . I guess that 's not so terribly bad ... just a nuisance . It 's not very stable .
 The plastic shavings holder was broken when the unit arrived , but judging from its flimsy construction it would n't have held up very well anyway . There was only one cutter and it seemed quite small . This did not seem to be the sturdy unit I wanted , so I returned it without ordering a replacement . -LRB- Why is it so hard to find a well-built , reasonably priced , pencil sharpener ?! -RRB-
 We bought this before buying an X-acto `` powerhouse '' model , and rated the powerhouse even lower . The vacuum works very well as long as you have clean , smooth countertop . But the rubberized base collects lint over time and diminishes the effect of the vacuum . After a while , even when we cleaned the base , it just did n't stick as well as it used to , making it virtually useless . As other posters mentioned , it sharpened unevenly as well .
 Like others here , I found that the plastic receptacle on this baby came apart and would NOT go back together . I was fortunate that the sharpener did actually sharpen pencils quite well and it lasted for at least a year if not a little longer . Still , the only reason it held up was that I did n't try to empty it until it was too full to go on any longer ; when I did , uh oh . -LRB- Obviously the sharpener was not getting a lot of heavy use either or it would 've needed emptying a lot sooner . -RRB-
 The suction on the vacuum mount does n't hold , the plastic casing comes off while you 're trying to sharpen , spilling pencil shavings everywhere , and the blades leave a lop-sided point .
 I notice the reviews are at both extremes for this item . If you 're happy that the thing sharpens your pencils better than the tiny toy things , then it 's a 5 . If you expected any kind of quality , it 's a 1 . I lean toward the negative on this one . Only epoxy would give you a reliable adhesion to even the smoothest surface . Two cutters would give the thing much better feel and balance . And yes , it is flimsy and would not last long with someone who was generally rough on things.I think I have one of the `` yesteryear '' models in a box somewhere , and I know it was better
 This only sharpens the pencil on one side and pops off the table every time I try to use it . I 'm exchanging it tomorrow . What a waste of time !
 Do n't waste your money . The plastic back of the pencil shavings case began separating and then fell off after sharpening 30 or so pencils . Also the gears do not fit well , the whole unit is wiggly . It worked fine at first then the gears began locking up then jumping . Luckily I just purchased this so I will be able to return it .
 Why , oh why , did I think buying a plastic pencil sharpener was a good idea ? Oh yes , it was because there was no metal vacuum-mount sharpener on amazon.Plastic breaks easily and quickly . The really sad thing is that after I glued the trashy plastic back together , the metal sharpener assembly broke ! Do yourself a favor and buy the good old all-metal sharpener you had in your classroom when you were a kid . They do not break . This vacuum mount is handy , but that does you no good when the sharpener itself is broken .
 Lousy sharpener . The plastic case broke after less than 10 uses . The metal assembly is flimsy and loosely centered . Although the vacuum seal is strong , the whole thing moves around quite a bit . VERY unhappy with the purchase . Made in China . You get what you pay for .
 The wall bracket is thin plastic , and snaps onto the back of the phone.As you attempt to hang the phone on the wall , the slightest pressure breaks off the cheaply made bracket . Do n't buy this phone , go for an ATT .
 The phone is very inexpensive , and it shows in quality . Feels cheap , does n't have some basic features -LRB- e.g. no memory dial -RRB- , need to disconnect phone from wall to turn ringer on/off . In less than 1 month the phone broke ... still rang , but no dial tone . There is a 1 year warranty , but who 's going to go through the hassle of sending in a -LSB- price -RSB- phone to get fixed ? So I opened it up to see what happened . There was a wire that had come unsoldered , but there was also a ribbon cable that had been cut and repaired with tape during manufacturing . Obviously not a very thorough QA process that repairs a wire with tape , instead of replacing it.You get what you pay for . Steer clear of this phone .
 this phone has a thin plastic - bad fitting wall bracket that does not snap in place well dont buy it.M . H.Brooklyn NY
 Not only is it cheap , but it does n't come with any batteries . Then if you want to get power to it without batteries , you have to buy a ac adapter that costs twice as much as the phone .
 Beside the most flimsy body , the info booklet does not tell how to reset the time or caller-ID setup procedure . This is probably the worst Bell Telephone production I have seen so far .
 Could n't get it to work it would ring sometimes . Just a waste of my time and money , just frustrating . Is there a reasonable corded phone anywhere ?
 Good features , but the materials and manufacturing quality are woefully sub-par . The display broke after one year , and the dial tone disappeared after two . Although customer service is helpful , the 1-year warranty is basically worthless . If you expect a corded telephone to be reliable for many years , then you may wish to keep searching for a higher quality model .
 For starters the phone does NOT fit a standard wall mount . I never received the setup program for the Caller ID system once the batteries were inserted and of course the service never worked . Do n't waste your time or your money .
 I bought this so I could have a hard line for a storm . I also bought it for the speaker phone and it is terrible . This is a great phone if you do n't mind holding it up to your ear but for the speaker phone it is horrible
 The product looks ok . The buttons are nice and big and easy to read . They do n't work very well though . For example when pushing on the speaker button to dial or answer the phone often I have to press it several times and just right for it to work . It does not come with the AC adapter and Northwestern Bell no longer makes or distributes them . Without the adapter the lights do not work , including the message waiting light . It is not what it was reported to be and does not function the way it is supposed to because it does not have an adapter . I have tried several stores such as Radio Shack , Best Buy , Walmart and Target to find an adapter -LRB- 120VAC to 6V 100mA -RRB- and can not find one . I have not been able to find one online either . Also the product information indicates this phone takes 3 AA batteries . It does not . This one takes 4 AAA batteries . Not that the size of the batteries makes any difference to me , but the description is not accurate for the item . I am sending it back .
 After having my old phone for 40 years I bought a new NWB phone due to remodeling . It lasted 5 months . You can not get through on their help line and they do not answer their e-mail . Buy a NWB phone at your own risk . I had to buy another phone -- AT&T and it works fine .
 This is a real lemon . The volume does not work properly and distorts the sound . The touchtone keys stick even though I have had this phone less than 6 months . I would like my money back .
 Love this phone ... if only the Caller ID would work ! It worked fine on day 1 , day 2 worked on and off ... day 3 Caller ID not working . Tried moving the phone to different outlets , removing the batteries & putting them back in , tried new wire etc. ... The phone works great otherwise . Loved the Caller ID when it was working -- much larger than most and easy to read . Oh well !
 I actually like the phone quite a bit . It works pretty well in almost every regard . Sound quality is very good , buttons are easy to find and use , and the feature set is pretty good . Overall , a nice phone and a good value.However , this item is advertised as having 20 number memory , which is 10 `` one touch '' and 10 `` two touch '' . I have not been able to get the two touch feature to work.I tried calling the customer support number . I could never get an answer . I was always put on a queue , waited for a couple of minutes , and then offered a voicemail option or dropping the call . I left messages , and never got a call back . I -LRB- twice -RRB- tried recalling immediately after getting booted . I tried for an hour . No joy . Do n't buy Northwestern Bell Phones unless you are sure nothing will ever go wrong .
 Somehow I had the impression that the phone had a `` Message Waiting '' LED indicator . But what they do n't tell you is that the same LED is used to indicate `` missed calls '' - which to me makes the LED totally worthless . The phone I had before used the same light , but it flashed green for missed calls , and flashed RED if there was a message waiting . This phone makes no distinction between the two . I had plugged the phone into a phone line just to see how it operated ... I never even got so far as to hang the phone on the wall before judging the message waiting ` issue ' cause for stuffing the phone back into the box .
 After shopping around for a standard phone with callerID and no answering machine -LRB- no power outlet nearby -RRB- , I came across this phone that had good ratings and was reasonably priced.I like the look and feel of the phone . The buttons are big enough and the speakerphone works good.However , when the unit is wall mounted , the LCD display is angled down , and is hard to see unless you crouch down to look at it . Of course , that depends on how high your phone jack is , and how tall you are . I bought two of these phones and both locations I put them were too low to see without crouching down.The other problem is that three out of our four family members complained that they could not hear the caller very well . I do n't know if plugging the unit into a power jack would have made any difference . I could not try that because the unit did not come with an AC adapter , plus I have no power outlet close enough to reach.So , I had to take both phones down , and put our 15 year old ones back up .
 Phone did not work at all . first of all , the seller did not send the AC adapter , i had to order it . Then when it came , the phone did not work at all . The only thing that worked was the caller ID and that is the only reason why I gave it 1 star .
 Did not ship the style folder that I ordered . Folders were not the same quality and had a white sticker on the back covering something . They enclosed a letter detailing why they shipped an inferior product . Very disappointed .
 I thought this would be a cool laminator to have for my club . Boy was I wrong . My documents were wrinkly . I even ran the documents through a few times . The last time , it ate the carrier . The binder part was n't very good either . You have to use special folders . I ca n't believe the manufacturer intended this for the office when it ca n't even support my little club 's laminating needs . It goes to show a good looking product does n't necessarily delivers .
 I use an electric pencil sharpener every single day of my life , for hours at a time . The one I 've relied on for years -- a `` lesser '' X-Acto model -- started to grind and break lead , so I figured I 'd splurge and buy a top-of-the-line X-Acto model . This is not , however , top-of-the-line .1 -RRB- The blades do not sharpen the pencil . Sure , they hone it into a sharp-looking cone like all pencil sharpeners do -- but they leave a substantial flat end to the point which is , by any draughtsman 's standard , not at all `` sharp . '' Maybe this defect was a problem only with the one I bought , but for $ 40 I would have expected that its main usage would have at least been tested . It is NOT a `` sharpener . `` 2 -RRB- Most importantly , however , the actual blades are recessed so far into the guts of this machine that you have to reserve 3-4 '' of pencil to hold before the blades even engage . I frequently use pencils down to 1 '' or less before I ditch them , so that means I 'm losing 1/3 of the life of each pencil . The sharpener I 'm replacing -LRB- and to which I 'm returning , after I return THIS clunker -RRB- engage almost immediately upon insertion of the pencil itself.Yes , this review sounds insane . But if sharp pencils are your life , then do n't buy this extremely poorly-designed deep-action pencil-wasting `` blunter . ''
 I purchased this electric sharpener for use in my fourth grade classroom of 34 kids . Cheap plastic shavings holder broke after 5 days , and the machine stopped working entirely right after that . Pencils only were used , and it was not heavy usage . I am totally disappointed in how much money I spent for this !
 The sharpener sat around for a month or so before I used it . When I went to use it , it did n't even have sufficient power to sharpen a pencil . Amazon would n't accept a return because I was out of the warranty period .
 This sharpener is a joke . I have a small school and need to sharpen 10-20 pencils a day . Bought this `` heavy duty '' model , however , it shuts off after sharpening 4-5 pencils ! Do n't waste your money , folks . I wish someone could steer me to a really heavy duty product ...
 I bought one of these sharpeners for each teacher in our school . `` HEAVY-DUTY '' should mean it can withstand classroom use . However , after only 1 month , they are ALL broken ! The motor simply stopped ! Amazon wo n't let me return so I just threw away about $ 500 in taxpayer dollars .
 The plastic inside broke , for some reason . For its price , I was surprised at how shotty the workmanship was . Will not buy this brand again . Total disappointment .
 Needed a sharpener for our church . Product was priced right and received adequate reviews . Sharpened about 1000 pencils in 3 weeks and it burned up . Threw it away and will buy one that costs twice as much . Hopefully , extra $ $ $ $ spent will be worth it .
 I purchased this item July 18th and finally got it today . When I put in a pencil nothing happened , I tried 2 other outlets which were both working and nothing . I should have listened to the other reviews and stayed away from what they called junk.X-Acto 1744 Heavy-Duty Electric Pencil Sharpener , Black , 1 Unitupdate nov. 15th 2012 had replacement sharpener for months now works fine .
 I just got this today to replace an Xacto that broke only after about 2 years of use . After sharpening just 3 pencils it was aparent that this shapener was not going to work right . All of the pencils were sharpened lopsided with wood remaining on one side of the point . Plus it will not sharpen any pencil under 3 inches since the cutters are set back so far in the case . The motor also sounds gritty and weak . Just another piece of crap made in China . I am getting so sick of this !! On a positive note this is the first thing I have ever had to return to Amazon .
 Not only did it just last a month , but Amazon gave me a hard timeabout returning it since it worked when I first receieved it.In all the years that I have ordered from Amazon , and thousands ofdollars that I have spent there , I have been fortunate to nothave to return anything . After this experience , I now know betterthan to ever order electronics from them . It 's much better tobuy from a store that will take it back if it stops working aftermerely a month . The agents at the third world country that Amazonhas outsourced customer service to obviously thought that 46 dollarsfor an electric pencil sharpener that worked for a month was notunacceptable . After years of enjoying the convenience of orderingfrom Amazon , I will think twice about ordering ANYTHING from them again .
 We use these at our school ... it will last at least 6 months ... maybe a year ... but never more ...
 Based on the reviews , I bought the sharpner . I wanted to buy Panasonic but they are not available anymore , it seems . I was refunded in full by Amazon . But , it is always a pain to re-package the item , go to the post office etc. , The pencil kept on circling inside the sharpner without getting sharpened .
 I BOUGHT THE EXACT PENCIL SHARPENER AT WALMART FOR 10 BUCKS AND YOUR CHARGING ALMOST 46 BUCKS FOR THIS , YOUR OUT OF YOUR MIND , WOULD NOT RECOMEND THIS AT ALL .
 For a pencil sharpener , I would give it five stars as it sharpens about as well as any I 've tried . However , I placed it on a wood table , and noticed yesterday there are black rings from the rubber feet which have stained the wood and would not come up no matter what I tried . I am very upset as this was nice wood . So if you buy it , place something under it before putting on a wood desk !!!
 I 've just returned this machine after less than one day of use . Apparently it is not designed to sharpen the sorts of pencils used in art , which often have softer leads . It appears that lead gets jammed in the back of the sharpening mechanism with no way to remove it , rendering the machine useless . I 'll be shopping for another model .
 Weak motor . Barely push in the pencil and it stalls . Pencil is sharpened * very * crooked and eats half of it . Sending it back !
 It is now almost 6 months since I purchased this product . It started giving me problems after the first month by not sharpening on the first attempt . It supposedly works in a classroom or office setting , but my 2 kids have been using this at home and it ca n't handle the use . For the past month , it takes multiple tries to get a pencil sharpened and now it just wo n't work anymore . For an almost $ 50 sharpener , this is really disappointing . My last non X-Acto electric sharpener worked for a year and only cost $ 19 at Costco . I have emailed the manufacturer to see what can be done . Too bad , it sharpened pretty well for a month .
 Expensive as it is , I thought I 'd have something that would give me no trouble . It eats pencils.The led gets broken and stuck in the machine , not allowing any further sharpening and you ca n't even take it apart and fix it.An unfortunate waste of time and money.JN
 I 've purchased this item since it had a high rating but it 's been only 3 months and it 's NOT WORKING . I 'll never buy X-Acto product ever again !!
 I bought this pencil sharpener for my classroom . I selected this more expensive model thinking that the motor would be more durable for the heavy use by my elementary school kids . I told my students that instead of candies , this new pencil sharpener was my Valentine 's Day gift to them . They were excited . Many lined up to sharpen their new Valentine pencils that they gave each other . Well , this sharpener did n't stop after the first pencil . The motor just kept running without any pencil inside them . Kids were yelling `` This is a phantom sharpener . '' I had to unplugged it to stop the motor from running . I retrieved the box from the trash can and had to find time to box it up and return it back to Amazon . How annoying !
 I was very excited to receive this sharpener.As usual amazon delivered quickly . It arrived on a holiday , that part is great.As far as the product goes ... I sharpened one pencil , it stopped when it was done as promised so I happily went to gather all my dull pencils.The second one I sharpened did n't auto stop at all and when I took it out , the tip was over-sharpened but I still could n't write with it . It had somehow sharpened it so the wood still covered the lead ... HUH ? $ 45 bucks ?? I thought it was maybe the brand of pencil so I tried again and guess what ? another over sharpened pencil but this time I could write with it if I only used one side of the pencil since the other side was still covered with wood all the way to the top.I did this over and over again hoping for different results but every time the pencil was at the very least lopsided and at worst unusable . Not to mention if i had decided to wait for the auto stop , it would have eaten the entire pencil ... not fun with expensive watercolor pencils.I hate returning things but this is a piece of junk . do n't waste your $ $ $
 We bought the heavy-duty X-Acto electrical AND a heavy-duty X-Acto mechanical pencil sharpener recently . The electrical one got over-heated after about sharpening 20 new pencils . The mechanical one had no problem . If you do n't mind it shutting down for about 30 minutes with each heavy and continuous use , or its big and bulky footprint , get the electrical one . I personally would not recommend this model to anyone .
 Unit was purchased to use in middle school classroom . It lasted one month . I checked the switch and that was alright so I 'm assuming either the overload or motor failed .
 Lousy quality for the money -- easily jams , `` eats '' about 4 times more from the pencil than other sharpeners -- a pencil is consumed after just about 4 sharpenings ! And yet -- one side of the pencil tip still has wood on it ! Plastic gears , does not appear to be very durable . * No one * makes good quality electric pencil sharpeners anymore -- the best choice is to buy a * vintage used * Brother or Panasonic pencil sharpener .
 I purchased this `` heavy-duty '' sharpener in the Fall of 2011 . A few months later it started doing the weirdest thing ; making a clunking sound as if it were off-balance , like an overloaded washing machine . At the same time it started to roughly shear -LRB- dulled blades ? -RRB- the wood part of the pencil but not even touch the lead OR simultaneously break the lead while devouring the wood ... I tried it with many different pencils -LRB- NOT my Prismas however -RRB- and it would just eat away without producing ANY lead , let alone a sharp one ! So I got a replacement and would n't ya know about a month ago it began , yet again , to wield its destructive forces upon my innocent little graphites . Contacted Amazon
 After 4 weeks , my excitement turned to frustration . It is now loud and defective and I still have two months left for my students in the classroom .
 Out of the box it does n't work correctly . After the first pencil , it wo n't shut off . Unplugging does n't help . Sending back today . -LRB- It 's despairing to read the reviews on pencil sharpeners from all makers and realize something so simple , that 's been manufactured for decades , can not be produced today to minimal quality standards . -RRB-
 I am amazed that they must not test these things before shipping them from the factory . Plugged it in and thought to test it with the result that it made a humming noise but did n't do a thing to the pencil . Worthless . Purchased the `` Heavy use '' model because it is in a high school library . Will probably stay with Panasonic next time . Sending it back .
 t had a good life but a short life . The sharpener Lasted 2 mnonths in my classroom . It 's not student proof .
 I purchased this pencil sharpener for my classroom , and have had problems with it from the first day . When you try to empty it , the back wall of the compartment falls off and is always a problem to put back together . It 's also difficult to tell when it is full . Most of the electric pencil sharpeners I 've gotten over the years at this price have lasted at least two years , and this one is now shot after only 5 months . I will never get this type again !
 The first X-Acto pencil sharpener I purchased from Amazon was `` dead '' within 3 months of once-a-week use , sharpening about 25 pencils , 10 pencils at a time . The motor was dead . Sent it back to Amazon for replacement ; no problem with being replaced . The replacement was defective on arrival -LRB- it had a loud metal-on-metal screech on the first use -RRB- . It would still sharpen , despite the screech , and within a day the screech stopped . Now , six weeks later , it has bitten the dust . Ca n't send it back to Amazon for a replacement , according to their return policies , so I have to deal with the manufacturer . It does sharpen well when working , so I thought I would try one more time . This pencil sharpener has a two-year warranty .
 It arrived yesterday and so far I love it . To those stating they sharpen 20-30 pencils at a time I 'd say , ease off and slow down . Give it a rest . And the included slip clearly states not for use in sharpening waxy type soft art pencils . The catch tray for the shavings is not huge , so remember to empty it regularly . I do laugh ... they call this Heavy Duty . My old Boston sharpener was also 2.0 amps , same as this one , was 1/2 the size , and not labeled heavy duty . Prices have gone up . This one is twice what I paid for the old one , but it 's 15 years later , after all . This appears to be high quality and should last for a few years . UPDATE 3/2012
 I purchased this pencil sharpener July of 2010 ready to start the 2010-2011 school year . It lasted the whole 10 months . I unpacked it for the next school year and only made it half way through . My 17 students only sharpen 2 pencils a day if needed so it is only operated for 10 min each morning . I expected it to last longer being it was a heavy duty sharpener .
 X-Acto heavy duty is dead on arrival . It could not sharpen a single pencil , just made humming noise . Will have to send it back . Like I have nothing else to do . I am out of luck with pencil sharpeners . The iPoint one I bought before at Costco never worked well and would always get stuck so I had to return it . People , recommend something decent , please !
 I was very excited , but i should have listened to the other reviews on this product . It sharpened about half of the first pencil and then stalled . I tried cleaning out the shavings tray , different pencils , different amounts of pressure on the pencils and nothing worked . The motor completely stopped working after that first half of a pencil . I am returning it and will not be buying anything from X-acto ever again !!!
 Bought this sharpener for my art classroom . Worked great initially . However , as another reviewer stated , it is hard to tell when the sharpener is full and will end up with shavings pushed waaaaaay up into the mechanism . More importantly though , the sharpener only works when a little plastic piece is insterted at the inside-back of the sharpener . This piece is not permanently attached to the sharpener and if it should fall out and get lost -LRB- which is very easy to do when emptying the sharpener -RRB- , there is no way to get the sharpener to work ever again . I tried `` macGivering '' the machine a few time ... sometimes with success ... but I have now given up and am faced with spending more money on a new sharpener .
 The first one of these sharpeners that I bought worked wonderfully . The only complaint I could make about it was that the shavings tray is very small , and if it got overfilled it was very difficult to pull out and could break.But when it came time to replace it , my second one 's blades were clearly off center , because no pencil would sharpen evenly . The whole unit would shake and rattle too . So I returned it . The third one also had a similar off-center problem , and to make matters worse , as soon as I inserted a pencil it would never shut off again until I unplugged it.After that , I gave up and went with another brand .
 I am a teacher and have used this sharpener for over a year . It tries to sharpen the pencils but frequently breaks the tip off in the process . My students and I have frequently started with a new pencil and ended up with nothing more than a blunt , unusable nub . Very noisy and has stopped working at different times . I took it apart and repaired it but it never worked properly . Stay away from this one .
 I bought one of these in Feb. ' 08 , still have it , it works and I like how it performs . But I must note it gets very little use . However with that in mind I bought a 2nd for our childrens ' religious school in Nov. ' 09 . I recently learned that it 's not worked since some time during the last school year and it 's a small school < 15 students and they only meet once a week . Therefore I 'd warn you off buying this . It should n't die when it 's not even two yrs . old and has only been used 1x/wk . during the school yr . by < 15 students in an 11/2 hr . class !
 Worked great for 1 day , but that was it . Unfortunately , I threw out all of the packaging after I saw it worked so did not have the packaging to return to Amazon . Fortunately , Amazon still allowed me to return using the packaging from the replacement product that they sent via next day air . Good customer service , bad product , but I guess all manufacturers may make a dud now and then . We 'll see how the second one works . Would have been 1 star but for good customer service on the return .
 X-Acto did a very bad job in designing this product . If the plastic stem on the shavings catcher breaks off -LRB- it does very easily when removed -RRB- the sharpener wo n't function . This sharpener had to be replaced after about three months of use . Get the Panasonic KP-150 . It 's a much better investment .
 Item is not made in the USA as stated in the product description . It is cheaply made and is made in China .
 I found this sharpener sharpens lopsided too . I had an X-Acto battery operated sharpener which was a complete POS . Brand new batteries and it operates like the batteries are almost dead . Had two of them , both did the same thing.No more X-Acto , I 've been punished enoughOur Local College has hundreds of the commercial grade Boston sharpeners that are pretty bad too .
 Before purchasing the X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener , I paid half the price for an electric sharpener from Wal-Mart that lasted over five years . This product has lasted a mere five months . Rarely used , it often sticks , overheats after only a few uses , and then ceases to work at all.I had hoped a sharpener of better quality would last longer , especially considering it is n't even used very often . It would seem I was mistaken .
 This `` sharpener '' wo n't sharpen . When you try to use it , the pencil tip comes out slightly lopsided , with the lead covered with wood on one side all the way to the tip -- wood beyond the farthest reach of the lead . Result
 Agree with the previous reviewer . Office Depot is currently selling the made-in-china X-acto brand sharpener . Bought one and returned it after three pencils . Did n't seem to have much power , stalled the motor on the first pencil . Created nice sharp points though , just not always centered on the pencil . I 'm looking for another sharpener .
 REVISED 1/2/2008
 X-acto is a brand I grew up using because it was a quality brand known for having the sharpest , longest-lasting blades and excellent motors . I do n't know what 's happened to the brand , but within the past year , I have purchased more than 5 pencil sharpeners , mostly for school use . When complaining about the poor quality , I was told that the sharpeners I ordered , the ones clearly saying ` best choice for your classroom , ' were not designed to be used in a classroom . Out of the four sharpeners I purchased for my classroom , 2 have worked . One sharpened 10 pencils before it quit . One did n't work at all . Even in the home , I think you could expect a sharpener to handle more than 10 pencils . I just purchased a little one for the house and it does n't work either . I tried different batteries , just in case that was it . No power to the motor , no blade to the pencil . What happened to the quality the X-acto name use to promise . I am about to go exchange my little sharpener at a local store , but I 'm going to test it before I leave .
 Purchased this item in March 2012 and have used it lightly over the past 5 months . Found it to be cheaply made and very difficult to get the sharpener to function when pencil was inserted . Almost everytime I used it I had to manuever the pencil within the sharpener to get the sharpening motor to engage and sharpen the pencil . While this unit works it takes too much time to manipulate the pencil to engage the sharpener . Better off with an old school manual -LRB- non electric -RRB- sharpener rather than this one !
 This pencil sharpener just arrived today and it does n't work at all . Very disappointed . It is going back . I have had other Xacto sharpeners that have held up . As a classroom teacher , a durable pencil sharpener is a must .
 I was disappointed with this purchase - it lasted less than a year , with fairly light usage -LRB- twice a week -RRB- . Even when it was working , it was not a great product .
 I bought this sharpener for my kids to use at home . We tried it a couple of times but it never sharpened a pencil evenly -LRB- wood all up one side so you ca n't write with it -RRB- , it is really noisy , and vibrates a lot . It really feels like a bargain basement electric sharpener . I returned it and bought a Westcott iPoint Electric Pencil Sharpener which works so much better and is far less noisy .
 1 . Totally different finish color from the picture addressed . Actually , it looks cheap .2 . Its finish quality is poor . Very rough and sharp plastic edge . I do n't want my kid use it . It may hurt fingers .3 . It has unstable vibration and noise . I feel very unstable , cheap and light ...
 Terrible . A break lead while sharpening and chews down the whole pencil before creating a sharp point . Seems to be askew and at a slight angle . Also the angle it sharpens at is very acute , makes for a weird tip shape .
 I bought this for my 3 kids . I read many of the sharpener reviews and decided on this one . We used it maybe three times and after that the machine will not turn off . We have to unplug it each time to get it to stop sharpening and then plug it back in to use it . How hard can it be to make a good pencil sharpener ?
 I returned this item immediately . Like other reviewers have indicated , this does not sharpen pencils evenly . It left a sliver of wood along one edge of the pencil that you have to peel off with your fingernails . I tried this sharpener with several different brands of pencils in the event that the pencil lead itself was off center . This was not the case . All pencils had the evil sliver.I can not recommend this item .
 This sharpener did not work from the first time I attempted to use it . It only hummed when a pencil was inserted into the sharpener . It seems like the motor is bad or just too weak . I &#8217; m sending it back.I do NOT recomend this item .
 Bought it for my son 's 6th = grade class . Made a &#34; grinding &#34; noise from the beginning and then would n't turn off when the kids used it . While I 'm sure many of the kids were rough with it , after 1 week it was toast .
 I ordered the Hunt -LRB- R -RRB- Boston -LRB- R -RRB- 1800 Series Electric Pencil Sharpener , from Amazon.com and they in turn sent the order to Office Depot which sells those X-Acto By Boston 1800 Series Electric Sharpener , Black Sharpeners made in China that will not sharpen a pencil to save your life , the same ones they sell at Staples , which is why I tried to buy the Hunt -LRB- R -RRB- Boston -LRB- R -RRB- 1800 Series Electric Sharpener online . Now I have to send it back and try to get the good Boston pencil sharpener with the strong electric motor in it that will sharpen a pencil , stuff made in china is crap , boycott all products made in china .
 Purchased this to replace an old Panasonic Auto stop . Loved it initially , but with two kids sharpening pencils for school -- not unreasonable , it lasted less than 6 months . The old Panasonic lasted 10 years . For the cost , I wish I has spent more and purchased something of better lasting quality.We sharpen 24 pencils each at the beginning of the year and colored pencils -- sets of 12 , then it 's just as needed . This will last if rarely used .
 Contrary to the product description , this is made in China . Even so , I might have rated it higher if it worked well . Unfortunately , it does n't . It sharpens pencils to one side . We used to have good pencil sharpeners in elementary school . Do these exist anymore ?
 I ordered the Boston pencil sharpener and was sent the x-acto sharpener . I do not like it . My round pencils get stuck . The opening is not quite big enough . It is very noisy and it does not sharpen evenly . I sharpened three pencils and will return it . Very disapointing to get a different product than ordered .
 It worked fine for 2 months of light usage and then just stopped working.Don ' t buy it . It is not reliable .
 I thought this sharpener would be suitable for home use thinking my kids and myself would not be so hard on it as in a school environment . I did n't think I needed to spend $ 50 to get a decent electric pencil sharpener . No matter what type of pencil I try to sharpen , it always sharpens it mostly on one side , leaving the other side still encased in wood . Then , I have to pick off the wood on the unsharpened side . I also purchased an ipoint pencil sharpener and have the same problem . At work , we have a 20 year old Panasonic , and I wind up bringing pencils from home to sharpen them perfectly and then bring them home again . So , after spending the equivalent on TWO worthless electric sharpeners and many ruined pencils I 'm going to try the Panasonic .
 Unfortunately , this sharpener stopped working after 4 months of very mild use -LRB- essentially for homework of 2 elementary school age kids -RRB- . It seems to overheat , but does n't have an auto shut-off , so it finally stopped working altogether . We also were n't happy with how it sharpens the pencils , as they sometimes came out lopsided , and the sharpening tip is way too long -LRB- it really wastes pencils this way , which matters when you have nice colored pencils -RRB- .
 This product sharpens pencils so sharp that they break . . hence ... the end result is catastrophic and requires purchasing more pencils and using manual pencil sharpeners as opposed to Electric ones . They need to go back to the drawing board for this model .
 I guess I should n't have started at the bottom . I know electric sharpeners are n't cheap , but I just did n't want to spring for one of the more expensive ones . I put an un-sharpened pencil in the sharpener . Nothing happened . I took it out , put it in again . Applied a little more pressure this time and got a hum out of the motor , but no sharpening . I tried a pencil that had already been sharpened , but needed a finer point . More of a hum , but still no sound like anything was moving in there.If it does n't work out of the box , I 'm not even going to try another . Packed it back up , requested a refund and sent it back . I 'll try another brand . Not even going with another X-acto , even though the next one up claims to be the model that used to be the Boston one I used at my office for years .
 I bought and donated an X-acto Electric Pencil Sharpener for my daughter 's 2nd grade class . Imagine my surprise and disappointment when my daughter brought it back because `` it does n't do anything , Daddy . '' A complete dud .
 This particular sharpener runs hot , before completing a sharpening of one raw pencil . Once the motor cools , approx . 15-20 minutes , you can begin again . I sent this back for a refund . Perhaps this was a lemon ?
 I have been trying a number of battery powered sharpeners since my Panasonic pooped out -LRB- their latest ones make a wedge type point that dulls quickly and I 've given them away . -RRB- The best I have found is the Derwent which not only handles different sized pencils , but has point sharpness adjustments and also a more tapered profile is available , which I like the best .
 I bought this product in Nov. 2011 . It stopped working in Oct. 2012 . A poorly made product . A waste of money.This product should be discontinued .
 I purchased this product after much research and saw the overall rating and discounted the lower and upper raters and figured that at that price-point it was worth the chance . I purchased it last fall . It worked great for the entire school year for my son who for some reason needs a super sharp pencil to do his work . This pencil sharpener was up to the challange . But today it suddenly broke down and stopped working without any warning . It simply stalled and refuses to sharpen - it makes a humming sound like it wants to sharpen , but does n't . Did n't make it to its one year purchase date . For the price I was hoping it 'd last at least 2-3 years -LRB- $ 10 a year for a sharpener sounds reasonable to me if not a good deal -RRB- . I did n't imagine it 'd last 4 years + . I thought that I had realistic expectations , but apparently 2 years might be a stretch . If it was $ 10 - $ 15 I might purchase it , but for $ 20 + I 'd be willing to pay $ 10 more to get one that 'll last 3-4 years .
 I have now bought 3 sharpeners from china , one from staples , one from Derwent -LRB- THE PENCIL people in England -RRB- and one from good old Walmart , the U.S. open door to CHINAThey all have the same Crap gears in them mounted in a plastic and alloy -LRB- aluminum -RRB- base . I use lead , graphite , colored , water soluble & pastel . They will not hold a pencil straghtor sharpen all sides evenly and consistantly break the leads -LRB- Centre cores -RRB- and am reduced to sharpening with a hobby plane made for model airplanes with only an Xacto blade . BOY !!! Dont ' t ask me for a recommendation . FORGET IT !!!!!! X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener -LRB- 1818 -RRB-
 I keep thinking that in 2012 products should have improved after 25 years but the electric pencil sharpener along with so many other products had become a piece of junk instead of a better product . This does n't want to start and then when it does it eats up the pencil .
 Sharpener just do n't stop spinning as opposed to start the motor only when pencil is inserted . I 'm returning this product .
 Having read the other reviews , I should have known better , but I was attracted to the clean looking design and figured `` What could possibly go wrong with such a simple item ? '' Well , I was wrong , the darn thing did n't even turn . Just sat there and hummed when I tried to sharpen a pencil . Absolutely DOA ! I guess they do n't have a quality assurance program . I 'll be going back to using my pocket knife for sharpening pencils . One star is a very generous rating !
 My husband purchased this sharpener in Dec 2011 and two month later is has completely stopped working ! We only use it to sharpen pencils to do homework for 2 kids . Save your money and do n't buy this !! You 're better off with a disposable sharpener it will probably last longer and will be a whole lot cheaper !
 I have used a Hunt Boston pencil sharpener for years . The Hunt Boston sharpener is relatively quiet and efficient . I think we have used it for at least five years or more . I am also a huge fan of X-Acto knives . I have a bunch of X-Acto knives along with dozens of blades . X-Acto brand knives and blades are great for woodworking , building plastic models , and other hobbies . Thus , I was excited to try a pencil sharpener from X-Acto . The pencil sharpener looks like a high quality product . It feels solid and sturdy and rests firmly and flatly on my workbench . I was initially impressed and almost ready to sharpen pencils . Before I did , I removed the tray that holds the wood shavings . The tray seemed a little cheap , but hey , it is a plastic tray to hold trash , so how fancy does it need to be ? The problem came when I tried to put the tray back into the pencil sharpener . The tray would not go back into its slot.Surely , I was doing something wrong . I took the tray back out to make sure I had not missed some sort of adjustment that needed set to get the tray back into the sharpener . After all , I am a typical guy and I only read the instructions after figuring out how something works , if ever . However , I had not missed anything . The problem is that a plastic prong on the back of the tray , which I think engages a safety switch that enables to sharpener to work only when the tray is in place , did not properly mate with the hole . It takes some jiggling of the tray to get it in place each time I remove it . The inability to easily mate with the pencil sharpener subtracts one and a half stars.After finally getting the tray back into the pencil sharpener , I was ready to sharpen a pencil or a bunch of them since I seem to accumulate dull pencils on my workbench , where I do not have a pencil sharpener . Into the sharpener went a pencil . The good news is that the sharpener did quickly put a nice point on the end of my pencil . The bad news is that I thought the sharpener was broken . The sharpener makes a horrible grinding noise every time I sharpen a pencil . In contrast , my Hunt Boston sharpener makes a humming noise when the motor operates . The X-Acto sharpener seems to be working well ; it is just relatively noisy compared with my current Hunt Boston , and a former electric sharpener that the Hunt Boston replaced . The noise is also obnoxious and sounds like something is operating in a way it should not be operating . I subtract a second star and a half for excessive and unnecessary noise , which may be an indication of something that may break in the long term.I must to admit to some disappointment . X-Acto is a brand I associate with high quality . The shaving tray is hard to install and the motor sounds like grinding gears . It is possible that my pencil sharpener is defective . However , I would have thought that routine acceptance testing would catch a defective product prior to shipment . That leads me to believe that X-Acto considers this product typical production . If that is the case , I have to recommend against purchasing this product.I looked at the ratings on Amazon for this product and , unsurprisingly , learned that this product has many one and two star ratings . The one and two star ratings tell a story . Many of the ratings are because the sharpener failed to sharpen either well or at all . Many of these ratings are because the sharpener failed immediately or within days , weeks or months of purchase . What I wonder is whether someone thought it might be a good idea to involve Amazon Vine reviewers in the hope that Vine reviewers might be more favorable . If that was the thought , the thought was in vain because I am only slightly more impressed than previous reviewers are.I hoped the X-Acto name was an indication of the quality of this product . It is not . I am disappointed with the shavings tray and with the noise level and the type of noise . This product does not seem to me like it is going to be durable and without changes , I would not buy this product again . Because I would not purchase this product for quality and performance reasons , it automatically receives two stars.Good Luck !
 Purchased this pencil sharpener in July , in preparation for start of school . Two kids using it to sharpen pencils for homework , sharpened well and quickly . However , it died after less than two months of use . Wo n't be replacing it with this same model .
 I 've ordered a lot from Amazon and always read the reviews but never write any , until now ! ... . I ordered this pencil sharpener two times and both did n't work upon arrival ! All you heard was the sound of a motor trying to turn . It sounded like it was locked!I figured ok , the first once I was unlucky and that 's life . But to receive another one that does n't work , is a problem ! I ca n't be the only one to be unlucky . I ca n't tell you how frustrating it is when you order an item -LRB- PRIME -RRB- overnight and it does n't work . I could of easily gone to Staples etc. . . but that defeats the purpose of buying from Amazon which is suppose to be quick and easy at the comfort of your pc ! So , if you are like me and attracted to all the 4-5 star ratings and best of all the decent price , that your luck at ordering this . Perhaps it was my lucky number twice !
 I opened the box and plugged it in . I put a pencil in the opening . All it does is making a buzzing sound . How bad it is to receive a defective one . It looks like this has been returned before .
 These are a cheap ripoff imitation of the real thing . Or perhaps the real thing has gotten really bad . When you squeeze the clamps , the handles just bend rather than the clamp opening ! Luckily they took them back . The problem is , I CANT FIND the real thing at ANY PRICE .
 I got these markers to write on glass bottles that I use for custom infused alcohols . You can not use them to write on glass unless the glass is very hot . If the glass is too hot , on the other hand , the market smears . It was extremely frustrating .
 When paper costs rose significantly , I started shopping more carefully for all my paper products . What could go wrong with standard double-window envelopes ? When I started using these , I had to adjust the print location for my Quickbooks check printing because the window was n't quite located correctly . Then I discovered that the window placement is not consistent . Despite the adjustment , some windows are not displaying the first line of the vendor name/address block . Just as bad , the adhesive on these envelopes tastes ghastly.I will go back to Columbian envelopes despite the higher cost .
 I was thrilled to find the Durable product for such a low price ; unfortunately , it is simply not stable or well-balanced . The item , weighing just over 3 pounds , will not stay upright even when not being used . Pay a little more and get a product that weighs a bit more . You will enjoy not having the lil bugger crash on your desk every minute or so .
 Good idea but bulky and expensive compared to my displaydoc system which was half the price . Plus , my displaydoc system is expandable and the pages snap in and out so I can rearrange or store unused pages in my filing cabinet .
 The spirals on the top of this steno pad are anoying to say the least . All 5 of the steno pads i bought are not smooth to open or operate because of the spirals on this book are weird i dont know how to describe it . In order to have it open or close coreclty i have to rip the binding out of the first and last holes of the cardboard and the sheets of paper . I recomend buying a different brand
 I purchased this adding machine in Sept of 2008 . Now here it is March 2010 , Not even two years later , it is falling apart . It prints when I have it on no print . Does not always give the correct total.When I called Canon and told them , they said it only has a limited 1 year warranty . I was very pleasant to the rep when I asked if there was any other alternatives , and he said `` OH Well , nothing more I can do `` I will not buy a Canon again !
 This clipboard was a great idea , and it worked excellent -LRB- for a while -RRB- . Unfortunately , the materials are just not up to the task . The plastic liner on the inside of the clipboard breaks after just a few days of folding and unfolding . That was not too big of a deal , as I just trimmed it with a scalpel . However , and hinge is also pretty flimsy . So after a few weeks , it broke as well . Now all that I have is two chunks of metal that used to be a clipboard.They do have a good warrantee , however . They did replace my broken clipboard in short order . The plastic liner on the new one again only lasted a couple of days , but the hinge is so far holding up well .
 I purchased this product and it was only partially as expected . I did n't see anywhere that this was intended to be window sign . I was expecting to be able to hang this on a wall . However there are these posts that go around the sign which can not be removed . It looks a little strange hanging on the wall since it clearly is intended to be against a window . I was somewhat disappointed . I wish this was noted that its intended to be hung in a window not on a wall .
 I 've used Lingo for a couple of months and in general here are my feelings on the service .1 . -RRB- In general it works pretty well , but occasionally you do get echos2 . -RRB- There are some phone numbers that it will just not call . Normal phone number to my parents would not work . Most 888 and 866 , 800 , toll free numbers are problems .3 . -RRB- Using it on the road is not recommended . I travel a lot and my intent was to use the phone service to cut down on cell usage and phone call costs while travelling . The problem is that most hotels that offer Broadband service are using firewalls . There are a number of ports that have to be opened which many hotels are hesitant to do . One Marriott actually moved me into the DMZ to allow it to work . Fortuneatley I was running my own firewall .4 . -RRB- The price is not that great . I have Bell South service at home and pay the same $ 19.95 for better quality phone service which includes unlimited long distance to anywhere in the US which is where I call .5 . -RRB- Lingo has a $ 39.95 disconnect fee if disconnected in the first year . This is totally unreasonable , so if you 're not sure you want to keep it and cancel after the 30 day trial period you are screwed and must pay a $ 40 disconnect . REALLY ANNOYING .6 . -RRB- What the fine print . If your box is stolen you are responsible for all the service that someone gets out if . They really are only interested in one thing ... taking your money .6 . -RRB- You are disconnected right away , and whatever used part of the month you have n't used you are not allowed to use , nor are you reimbursed for it either . Totally unfair .7 . -RRB- Customer Service is ridiculous . Calls are not prioritized based upon when you call , but by what kind of service you have . If you call for service you can easily be on hold for 30-60 min . before talking to someone . A segmented support center for home and business might alleviate some of these long wait times .8 . -RRB- I experinced hardware failures of their box within 2 months . I could call out but no one could hear me.Overall I would give them a 1 our of 5 stars and would never recommended them to anyone I considered a friend.Steven GlennDecatur , Alabama
 After endless hours with Lingo and Dlink support I give up . There are firmware issues with this device , and Dlink and lingo point fingers at each other.Low volume , dropped calls , and frequent need to reboot the device.If you want lingo , do n't use this device , get the standard box they provide .
 Folks , I have no clue about how good this router is , but I can voucher for the many concerns before me who had problems with Lingo service . These are my comments : Pro : - Cheapest out of the bunch until they lifted the priceCons : - It 's a hotel California deal . You can check in but you ca n't check out . I have been trying to cancel this account for months now since Feb. of 06 and now we are heading into June 06 . When I got through to someone , they told me that they can only cancel my account after I returned the modem . Once they have my modem , they tell me for security purposes that they ca n't cancel my acount until I call in to cancel . - The reception I had was horrible . Everyone I talked to said they could not hear me . I called and called in until I got someone and the techs tried to tweak things around but still the reception was horrible . - Worse yet , you can not download anything and talk on the phone at the same time with even worse reception . - Like others said , it is very difficult to get a live voice . Most things are done via email . - If you want to upgrade or downgrade your service , then it 's a $ 9.95 charge and a $ 40 cancellation fee within the first year.Granted phone quality could be dependent on the area , but when I switched to Vonage people were able to hear me clearly and most of my complaints were resolved . The downside to Vonage was they did n't have my local area . However , the savings and the service was worth the switch .
 I wanted to try Lingo and bought this device . The device was connected to my cable modem directly . After few minutes , I had the dialtone and was making calls with no problem . Decided to perform a speed test to verify QoS on this router . To my surprise my 3MB/786K connection was down to 600K/200K . . All this bandwidth used just for ONE call !!! Not good . . Then I decided to put this device behind my router . This setup did not make the Dlink register to Lingo . I even put this device on DMZ - No luck!Called Lingo support and got the answer - Yes we are aware of this problem but because the device is DLINK , you will have to contact them for support . Dlink on the other hand does not have any firmware update for this . Moreover , I can not even access admin page to update firmware , if any.In the end , Lingo suggested to return this device back to dlink and use their own device . But for that I would need to cancel my existing account and create a new one -LRB- in essence pay new activation / shipping charges -RRB- . In the end , cancelled the service and returned the device back .
 I suggest that no one purchase this router and no one use the Lingo Service.I 've been trying to make this router and Lingo service work for six months . I 've had the same issue with echo and having to reboot the router every week or so that is seems everyone else is having . I 've been on the phone so many times and sent so many emails trying to resolve this issue with Lingo tech support that I 've lost count . Tech support does respond to email and often fixes the recurring issue within 24 hours . Though fix is n't quite the right word , as the issue or another one will come back a few weeks later.When I 've called tech support they want me to call from my cell phone as the Lingo phone connection would be cut off when they have me reboot the router . They provide phone service , so should n't their phone work to call tech support?Today I tried to get credit for 2 months of Lingo service for all my hassles . I was told that I agreed to Lingo service `` As Is '' when I signed up for their service . Since I agreed to `` As Is '' service , no matter how poor their service , they will not issue any refunds . They will only credit an account , if the router can not make a call and has to be replaced . Even then the credit is only for the few days it takes them to send a replacement.Everyone ca n't have had as bad of service as I have from Lingo or they would not be in business . Though with their poor call quality and customer support , if you chose Lingo , I wish you luck in your dealings with them .
 I bought this device to try Lingo service but was very disappointed by the poor quality of Lingo service . Some features do not work at all and voice quality is not that great . I cancelled it because I was not very happy with this service and decided to continue using Vonage service .
 Beware of this seller . They only shipped 1 of 12 items . They never responded to any of my various emails . I was supposed to receive a 12 pack of post it notes however , I only received 1 pad .
 What you see is not what you get . !!!! You do n't get the whole pack but only 1/5 of it which is 100 , its a rip off . run for your soul while you can . !!!
 The prongs in the actual report covers are not as shown in the picture and not described well in the technical details . What a surpise to find that each prong consists of one small piece of metal to bend back rather than the usual 2 pieces in a wing shape that hold the paper in securely .
 This toy is really not worth the money . The magnets are not strong enough to propel/pull the cars . The only movement you can get is when you put the magnet so close to it that it simply picks up the car or boat . Does n't work at all . VERY disappointing !!
 I bought a bunch of these phones because I was happy with the previous model but be warned that they do NOT support callerid . I just assumed they would because the previous model did . I ca n't believe they can make a phone with this large of a display and charge $ 100 for a phone that does n't support callerid . I am very disappointed .
 As the last review says - I too did not realize this model does not have caller ID . Sellers should state this specifically . Very disappointed as well . Wish I had seen the previous complaint before purchasing .
 Several years ago I had purchased this same spell checker and used it almost daily for a few years . It finally quit working and I searched high and low for the same one . Found it and was quite excited to finally get it . After only about 3-4 months the screen got real light and the script was not solid but missed a lot of the pixels and was unable to be read . Unless I got a bad one , these Seiko spell checkers have really become a piece of junk .
 I like the bag a lot . It is convenient having my computer and portable printer in one bag . The bag arrived with a cut in the handle and do n't think it is going to last all that long as a result . Will probably have to buy another one by end of the year .
 Worked for a couple months , no problem . Then started stalling mid-shred . In order to get it going you have to reverse it out and push down on the paper to get it to start shredding again , and I 'm talking about 1 or 2 sheets of regular paper . Another way is to shove more paper in , that seems to start it up . So , unless you like manhandling your shredder , get something else .
 Completely useless ! Jammed constantly from day one , then stopped working after about a month .
 Priced for about $ 40 , this shredder is quite expensive for what you get
 This works great if you have small amounts of stuff . BUT I was shredding old income tax forms and it is presently not working . Just found the info that came with it and it says 2 mins on and 4 mins off . It says not to oil -- combustible -- yet Fellowes says to oil especially cross cut . ???
 I owned this up till a few minutes ago when I finally had enough and smashed it into lots of little pieces . At least I had the last laugh . I estimate it worked ok initally , sometimes shredding 2 sheets at a time , but not easily for the first 300 sheets . After that it would only handle 1 sheet at a time . To date I estimate Ive shredded about 800 sheets with it . Today it wouldnt even do one sheet without jamming . It always jammed meaning it clogs with paper and you have to reverse it or clear by hand each time . It looks like a shredder but it really isnt one . Dont waste your money . I owned it for about 6 years and only do light household shredding , tax forms and credit card applications and old bills , not that much to ask , but I guess it was . I 'm looking for a replacement now .
 So this is a `` London Times Funny Music Cartoons '' mousepad that features Barry Gibb of laying on a psychiatrist 's sofa quoting the beginning lyrics to ... `` I Started A Joke '' ??? . But Barry does n't sing a single note on the song which everyone knows is pretty much a Robin Gibb solo , so the selection of this lyric for this cartoon makes no sense . Clearly the artist was not very knowledgeable about the subject they were rendering a cartoon about . And oh yeah - how is this cartoon funny ? I know the lyrics make no sense -LRB- many early Bee Gees lyrics do n't -RRB- , but how is this cartoon funny ? The London Times actually published this at one time -LRB- I guess it was a slow news day . And now some 20 years later , I would want this cartoon as a mousepad because why ?? Oh - and the actual lyric in the word balloon is wrong too .
 This is made out of some very cheap thin plastic and looks it . It is not something you want to mount where people can see it . It does function but I think after some use it will just fall apart . Like I said its made cheap with poor craftsmanship . The key holders on the inside are fit into the holder very tightly but also made out of very cheap plastic and you have to be very careful not to break them taking them out . It 's a neat idea and could be very useful . However its made so poorly I 'm afraid it wont last very long .
 Writes nothing like as well as my old Waterman and leaks . I should have gone back with Waterman , it 's more money , but much better value .
 The description says you get 12 pens , but you only get one . Yes $ 1.90 is a fair price to pay for 1 pen , but if I had known it was only one I certainly would not have paid $ 7.46 for them to mail me one pen ! Sounds a little too much like a scam to me . The seller was good enough to refund my money after I contacted them , so if you have bought this pen thinking you would get 12 , definately contact them and demand a refund . They certainly are n't in any hurry to correct the description as it has been over a month since I bought it and it still says 12 pens.Regarding the pen itself , it is far from perfect . It will occasionally spurt out a large amount of paint onto your work with no warning , making a mess of everything , including your clothes . Other than that , the colors are good and when it does n't squirt it works pretty good .
 The description says you get 12 pens , but you only get one . Yes $ 1.90 is a fair price to pay for 1 pen , but if I had known it was only one I certainly would not have paid $ 7.46 for them to mail me one pen ! Sounds a little too much like a scam to me . The seller was good enough to refund my money after I contacted them , so if you have bought this pen thinking you would get 12 , definately contact them and demand a refund . They certainly are n't in any hurry to correct the description as it has been over a month since I bought it and it still says 12 pens.Regarding the pen itself , it is far from perfect . It will occasionally spurt out a large amount of paint onto your work with no warning , making a mess of everything , including your clothes . Other than that , the colors are good and when it does n't squirt it works pretty good .
 The laser pointer that I received did NOT match the one in the picture . It looked similar , but that 's where the similarities end . I have previously owned the one shown in the picture . It is made of metal , has metal tips , and the black button is made of rubber . THAT one felt like it was good quality . The one I received was made completely of CHEAP plastic and the button was gold . It feels like it 's going to fall apart any time now , and I feel like I wasted my money . I 'd like to see them ship the CORRECT item !
 Wo n't charge at all and I 've only had it 8 months . Useless ! Save your money and yourself from frustration .
 I was given this as a present and was very disappointed by it . The unit feels cheap , lightweight and poor quality . You 're more likely to slide off the battery cover than slide on the power switch , and the scroll wheel is horrible too . The accompanying manual is flimsy and offers no troubleshooting advice , and it was entirely unclear which way to insert the SD card and how far in it was meant to go . Plus , the unit is only compatible with Windows operating systems . The only positive aspect of the design is the slot that holds the USB wireless receiver for controlling your presentations , though my cat did like chasing the laser pointer.Although the box advertises SD card support for voice recording , it only supports cards up to a maximum capacity of 1GB - but they bury this information in the manual , which of course you can only read after you 've bought the unit . When I called customer service for help with recording to my 2GB SD card , I was advised to return my unit and get a replacement because it sounded faulty . Of course , the second one was no better and after another half an hour on the phone to technical support , someone finally told me that this model did n't support my SD card and that they did n't produce any others that did . I was not impressed.I have not yet investigated alternative brands , but I can tell you that all of them will be better than this hunk of junk . Do n't waste your money .
 I have used more presenter remotes than I can count and I have always been very pleased with Targus . But this device is by far the worst presenter remote on the market . I purchased it because it featured the buttons I wanted for the remote , and I felt I made a safe choice with Targus , but I could not be any more dissatisfied with this product . The buttons are hard to push . The power switch does n't work 9/10 times . The laser is weak -LRB- whether you use the supplied betteries or high powered lithiums -RRB- . The button placement for the record feature is in a good position but it is incredably sinsitive . So it 's extremely hard to keep from activating it when not needed , which very quickly distroys the benefits of having it to begin with.If you are in the market for a remote , do not buy this one .
 It was broken . I can not use it to control slides . Since I live in Thailand , I can not return it easily compare to cost shipping from Thailand to USA.I called Targus USA about warranty ; they said that I need to ship it back to USA only . I then called Targus Thailand ; no one receive my call . I left the message at Targus Thailand ; no one call back like it said &#34; please leave the message we will call you back &#34; : -LRB- I would not recommend anyone to buy this model at all.ps . I bought it because it was the cheapeste one for Targus . I am so disappointed : -LRB-
 The product does n't work good . Eats batteries . Horrible . Do n't buy itFeels cheap and it wo n't work properly.Very dissapointedI had to buy another one -LRB- logitech -RRB- that finally worked .
 This product is horribly designed . I was trying to replace another Targus model presentation tool but opted for this one . I have not been able to set it up and have tried on several computers . In addition to the basic functions , there is no indicator light to allow the user to know if the item was properly paired .
 It says 12 markers in the title , I recieved one marker . The company was nice enough to refund my money . However , they said they would change the product ad to reflect that you will only recieved one , and they hav n't yet . I find that very upsetting . It has been almost a month now .
 As soon as i got this laser I thoght this was going to be the best laser ever , it worked really good for the first 2 days but after that the laser lost the `` power '' so at the end I got a really bad product , I will recomend you to stay away from this if you want a laser pointer that last more than 48 hours . Really bad quality !!!
 It works and plays well but not made great . Some buttons you have to press twice to make it work . Call Id works fine .
 Just pay a little more and get a better one . I have to change the batteries -LRB- 4-AA -RRB- almost every month . I experienced alot of problems in the screen .
 This is a good phone , except it has one major flaw which makes it unusable . First off , a minor flaw is that it is hard to pick up the reciever as it is locked in there , I do n't like that . Another flaw is that while you are picking up and putting back the phone , it makes a VERY high and LOUD screaming pitch . This makes it almost deafening for someone on another phone in the house . This phone will be going back ASAP because it is unusable . Stay away from this phone at all costs .
 The description says you get 12 pens , but you only get one . Yes -LSB- ... -RSB- is a fair price to pay for 1 pen , but if I had known it was only one I certainly would not have paid -LSB- ... -RSB- for them to mail me one pen ! Sounds a little too much like a scam to me . The seller was good enough to refund my money after I contacted them , so if you have bought this pen thinking you would get 12 , definately contact them and demand a refund . They certainly are n't in any hurry to correct the description as it has been over a month since I bought it and it still says 12 pens.Regarding the pen itself , it is far from perfect . It will occasionally spurt out a large amount of paint onto your work with no warning , making a mess of everything , including your clothes . Other than that , the colors are good and when it does n't squirt it works pretty good .
 My wife bought me this pen and its roller-ball mate . It has n't worked well since I received it . At its best , the ink would stop flowing if I stopped writing for more than a few seconds.and now it refuses to accept the ink cartridge , no matter how hard I push on it . It has become an attractive but completely useless item . I have a collection of pens from the very expensive to the very inexpensive , and I 've never had so much trouble with any of them as I 've had with this one . Other reviewers seem to like it , so perhaps mine is a unique lemon , but I will never buy a Waterford pen .
 When I received the ordered markers , I tested them right away and they appeared to work fine . When I actually went to use them about 2 days later , the paint ran right thru the marker and puddled on my picture ... Not trusting these paint markers anymore , I replaced them with regular sharpie markers .
 This paper is thin , and the numbers are huge . I was excited when I saw this online but it looks cheaply printed on cheap paper . I will not be ordering this again .
 This would be PERFECT if it held paper like it shows in the photo ! When papers are placed into that file folder , the edges are clipped into the side . It does NOT hold standard sized paper without damaging-which is the whole point of having a storage clipboard . Very poor design . It needs to be just a bit wider to accommodate what it claims-I returned mine . The description and stock photo are misleading and false .
 If you want a tape gun for 3 '' 72 mm tape -LRB- extra wide -RRB- , this is not it . Instead , get the 3M H183 model tape gun .
 Finally.Next time I ca n't find my keys in the dark all I need to do is find this thingie and fumble it into my iPod 's holes . What a lifesaver!And in the same box is the laser pointer so I do n't have to stop listening to 50cent just because I 'm doing some silly corporate presentation!While it is a little tough to dance and fry an airline pilot 's eyes at the same time , it is the latest craze so I LOVE THIS PRODUCT ! ; - -RRB-
 I got this as a Christmas present , and the person buying it knew what IPOD I had -LRB- IPOD Video -RRB- , but there is nothing on this page or on the packaging to indicate what versions of the IPOD it works with . So disappointed ! Amazon needs to modify the item description to indicated which versions of the IPOD this works with and which it does n't .
 no wonder it was only -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks , now that I look closer I see the ipod touch is n't supported , but wtf , it says it `` works will all ` docking ipods ' `` I have an ipod touch , it docks , but apparently that 's not a `` docking ipod . `` Total waste of money ! = /
 This was touted as good with `` all dockable ipods `` but does not work with Ipod video , etc. . I gave it away to someone with an older ipod . There needs to be a slot next to the earphone jack for this to work . Ad is deceptive !
 Disappointing as it is not something that works on the new iPods and Griffin has discontinued it
 Do n't get me wrong , this is a pretty clever gadget . However , it 's mising one thing in terms of usability
 Workable envelopes , however some of the clasps were misaligned , requiring the flap to be refolded .
 It works , and it takes messages , but I expected more .1 -RRB- You need the manual to use this one - nothing is intuitive.i.e . There are TWO buttons labeled erase , and they only work in certain modes . huh ? 2 -RRB- To set the time , you can not use the key pad , you have to use the review side switch to go through minute-by-minute with the annoying/scary son of Dek Talk voice saying every minute ... by the time it says minute FORteeFIVE I wished I had waited until 1 AM to set it .3 -RRB- It has to tell you the instructions verbally every time you use it - I could n't figure out how to turn the annoying voice off .4 -RRB- Annoying voice .5 -RRB- Even with all the audio information it does not have a beep function to signal new messages .
 1 . Remote operation
 stinks ... you turn the answering machine off ... if someone calls and you are n't home it defaults the answering machine to a couple rings and you have to deal with it turning on while you answer the phone .
 I 've had this phone for 5 years or so . The phone itself is OK . But today I wanted to use the remote operation to check messages from 3200 miles away.It does n't work . The manual says that the user must press and hold each number of the password for 2 seconds . Another reviewer mentioned that this does n't work with cell phones -- he 's right -- and I discovered it also does not work with modern cordless phones either . Modern phones send tones for just a brief fraction of a second , no matter how long you press the key.I do n't have a phone around here old enough to check the messages . When I get back home , this phone is going in the garbage .
 Most people I know use a keyboard like Microsoft Ergonomic keyboard , or some other large keyboard . The pad that holds the keyboard will not fit this kind of keyboards , the large keyboard will have to rest on the wrist cushion.Also the mouse try will not accommodate standard a mouse pad easily .
 THE SCALE MAKES A VERY LOUD RINGING SOUND WHEN ITS ON . . IT IS NOT AMERICAN WEIGH . . THE THING IS GARBAGE AND I WOULD NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN . . PROBABLY NEVER FROM AMAZON AGAIN EITHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS COMPANY IS THE WORST I EVER DEALT WITH ...
 I like the phone 's simplicity and ergonomics . It 's fatal flaw is the lack of range . My office is about 50ft away from the base , and I get unacceptable interference . Both plain old AT&T & GE 900 handle this distance without any problems .
 I 've been ` trying ' to use this phone for the past 8 months . Worked fine in the beginning , now I ca n't even answer my calls . I hit the TALK button , but the phone continues to ring . Spend a little more money but buy a better phone . This phone is a total waste of money .
 This phone is terrible . No bargain here . A LOT of static and interference . It even picked up a fax machine ! We tried different channels and plugged it into two different locations in our home , and it was just as bad . I have two other Uniden phones and they are great . This phone was a dissapointment , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 We have had such good luck with our other Uniden phones , but this phone is the exception . Do n't waste your time ... the static is unacceptable .
 The item was damaged , and previously a returned item . Half of the wire top was not attached.Guessing from the vendor name and the fact that this was a previously opened item , I believe it was a defective item . The vendor is less than scrupleous to send defective items ... fool me once ... never again !
 bought this because it looks cool , after set it up with my Razer Mamba mouse i found out my mouse wo n't work on that surface i had to tape the protective skin for my PS3 on it , then it works , i did n't try it with the other mouse , so be aware if you got the Razer mamba .
 Be wary.The picture of this product is very deceiving . It will not hold long envelopes even though the picture seems to show it with full size mail in it . The compartments are very small and even regular size envelopes fall out . Sometimes you are better off going out to the stores for some things so you will know what you are getting .
 If these clowns keep on going to sell dirt cheap quality stuff at least price them dirt cheap . This piece of `` made in china '' junk literally shatter while i was pulling it out of its box !
 I bought this letter holder after doing extensive research online . But when it arrived the product was damaged in multiple spots . The box itself was n't damaged , but on the letter holder there were a bunch of chips , dings , and even the tip of nail poking through where you hang your keys . NOT THE BEST QUALITY . Maybe the damage to mine was a fluke and other people 's arrived in great condition , but I think I 'll just return it and find a different one to buy .
 when i was searching for one of these it was for my mom for a christmas gift this year . That was all she asked for . When I saw this one I liked it . it looked nice , big enough to hold letter without them hanging over and it also looked like it could hold them sideways.But when she got it and opened it up . It was totally different . Not at all what the picture looked like . I was very disappointed . Of course she hung it up . i dont understand if your going to advertise a product and someone buys it atleast send the one that is advertised.Other than the size it is nice work . I love the light color of the wood .
 Like other reviewers said , the Letter rack is smaller and its qualityis not great . Mine had some scratches . Definitely not a 20 dollar productwhich is what i paid . Even the hangers look so cheap.I would pay max 10 dollars for being a cheap Chinese product .
 The picture is deceiving . I should have read the description better though , as it is smaller than I anticipated . I have n't tried , but I doubt it would even fit a large birthday card . I would have just lived with this being my oversight , but it does not even have the hooks for keys . So , I am returning this product . I am very sad because I had been looking for something like -LRB- what I thought -RRB- this -LRB- was -RRB- for a while .
 This product is way to small to hold any mail ... . if you are looking for something to hold your mail in do some research first this only holds up to an index card size envelope !
 It looks nice but way too small . Even a big letter wo n't fit in it . Wish they could make it bigger because I like the way it looks .
 Mine fell off the hook and shattered into pieces . It 's very cheaply made ; pieces held together by staples and glue . Typical Chinese junk . Only it 's not really that cheap . $ 25 is too much for this thing .
 How did they think we supposed to install it on the wall or door ? The metal thingy that supposed to be put in the hook is so small that nothing will fit into it . I guess I will unscrew it and put mounting tape on it.And do not try to put nail through it . It split when I tried it .
 If you need a holder for a couple envelops then this MIGHT work , but it 's TINY . I should have paid much more attention to the dimensions .
 Not as advertised - the rack does not have the key holders shown in the picture , which is why I ordered it ... not good
 This was not what was pictured on line ! The discription on line states that this is made of beachwood . When I received it the box states its BAMBOO . I think there is a little bit of a differance between the two woods . Also the discription states there are 3 hooks for keys . The one I received had no hooks at all . I think this will be the last time I buy from Amazon .
 TOTALLY DIFFERENT DESCRIPTION , TERRIBLE ASSEMBLING ... VERY SMALL ... NOT RECOMMAND ... IF YOU WANT TO BUY ENVELOPE CASE OR SOMETHING ... TRY OTHER PRODUCT ...
 Did n't notice the dimensions of this . Picture looks like decent size . Actually way too small . A few envelopes and magazines and it will be full . Had to return it and lost money on shipping it back .
 I purchased item which would not hook up to my computer without having to purchase another item for $ 30 to make the connection work . Went to the store where the employee was able to help me better . Bought item with correct connections from the store , no hassles . Hard to purchase online when you are unfamiliar with the item and nobody is there to answer your questions . Then , it 's a hassle returning the item -LRB- have you seen the lines at the Post Office ? That is enough to make you think twice ... they are cutting back on their help at the Post Office ... -RRB- Do you have an hour to waste standing in line at the Post Office , or would you rather pay $ 10 more at the store and get the correct item to begin with ! Who in their right mind uses the Post Office to send stuff nowadays anyway!This experience discourages me from buying anything online . Plus , if you return an item to the store , you get a FULL refund , no deductions for `` shipping '' , i.e. standing in line at the Post Office to return the item .
 My wife and I ship on a regular basis and purchased this exact tape gun from Staples . We could n't even get through one roll of tape with this thing.Pros
 This date stamper is harder to print than a so-called manual date stamper . Electronic ? What the heck is electronic about it - you have to press down so hard and every other time it prints . One time it prints just month and day , then press again month , day and year , press again the message . This is a terrible office product and I 'm returning it ASAP !
 To avoid interference from router , I purchased this despite negative reviews . I should have saved my money . The sound quality is so poor that I should have returned it .
 This is by far the worst phone I 've ever owned . It holds a charge for about 15 minutes if you 're lucky and cuts out the whole time .
 I have to say if I were Thai and wanted to learn english , or use it to speak english for me , this and other models will do . But this does not work both ways , it only speaks english and translates to english . If you try to take thai script to english you will end up with nonsense , and a few laughes . It is a shame with the tech available that they missed out on making a great product . I have a talking english spanish translator from franklin that is simple to use and useful . I can only hope they will learn from their mistakes .
 This keyboard is junk !! Eats batteries , keys are often unresponsive and after just two months , several would not even work ! Nothing was spilled on the keyboard-DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! Shame on Amazon for exposing customers to inferior merchandise like this !
 Takes hours to get the thing to actually print on the labels . No matter how much I moved around calibration on my hp it always printed in the same space . Switched over to my Pixma Pro 9500 Mark II with its ridiculously expensive ink and still took for ever with trial and error to get the thing on the labels . I would say its my printer , but tried a cheap printer and moved to an $ 800 printer and still sucked . Go somewhere else for your label making needs .
 If you have a Mac , just do n't bother . The included software is not Mac friendly and I 've spent ALL DAY trying to find a template that is usable . Right now I 'm fighting with a Word document . I had this software installed years ago on my old iMac and it worked fine , this is ridiculous .
 I bought the Memorex cd/dvd label maker kit and the jewel case inserts and a box of 50 jewel cases today.CAN NOT DOWNLOAD MEMOREX SOFTWARE ON A MAC !! Then I thought , well at least i can still use the Memorex Jewel Cases.I opened the package and 5 or 6 were already broken.I feel so ripped off.Now I have to go return them tomorrow and I lost a lot of time and money.Memorex sucks !
 I could not get it to allign properly with pre-cut self-adhesive labels , directions not clear.I bought mine at Big Lots for $ 2 and I can see why .
 I was more than excited to get started stomping out CD/DVD labels , as I had used this software on my old XP machine -LRB- and , while awkward to use , it worked great -RRB- . However , while it seemed to install fine in Vista , nothing would print . The calibration page actually made a piece of paper feed through , but nothing printed on it . Any other attempts would show a brief flash of something sent to the print spooler , but nothing else . I tried XP compatibility mode , running as administrator ... nothing . Printing from other applications works just fine , so it 's not my printer or my driver . I ended up using bundled software that came with my CD burner . But hey , the labels themselves are great , and the little plastic stompy-thing is wonderful to perfectly apply the labels every time . If you 're purchasing it simply for the physical product , it 's more than worth your money .
 I have not had trouble with the software or printing as others have . However , after having played a labeled cd in my cd-rom drive , I now have a sticky , glue-like substance on the readable side -LRB- on the 1/2 inch area around the center -RRB- of the latest disc I used -LRB- and the one after that I used to try to figure out what in the world was going on -RRB- . There is no chance of anything having been spilled on -LRB- nor in -RRB- my drive . The only thing I can think of is that the glue from the label heated up , label shifted and adhesive oozed . And it 's entirely possible every disc I use now will end up with gobs of glue on it that rubbing alcohol wo n't even remove . I 'm confused on how this can happen since the label is on the other side of the disc , disappointed and off to find some goo-gone . I will entertain a revised review if anyone can come up with suggestions on how to fix this or attribute the glue issue to something else .
 I was looking through the various memorex kits sold by different sellers . This particular kit has the highest overall score so I hoped it was somehow better than the others . The kit , however , has the same problems as the other memorex kits . The software is ancient . The labels are a different format than the more popular brands making it difficult to use other software . It seems it is a hit or miss with the software which is the main complaint amongst most reviews . I would attribute this to peoples varying computer systems . Running Windows 7 64-bit I was able to install the software but not to align the labels . Here is my experience.You are asked to print a calibration page on the material you are using . This means that you are going to waste at least one of your ten sheets trying to calibrate the label . But here is the funny part
 I HATE IT ! WAY OFF the template AND the applicator STOPPED LOCKING DOWN AFTER 6 PUSHES . . I FINALLY GAVE UP and bought a new set of labelsCD/DVD Laser/Inkjet Labelwhich came out great .
 This label maker is a piece of junk . Actually , I think the problem is the label sheets . I wasted around 10 sheets and was able to successfully print only ONE lable . The rest of the 19 labels were way off , either to the right or to the top . It was frustrating and costed me a lot of ink . Finally I threw the junk out , bought Fellowes gloss finished labels and finished my labeling . Fellowes gloss finish lables are the best . Not a single one was wasted . They are expensive than Memorex labels but I will NEVER buy Memorex labels again even if they are for cents only .
 I am returning this Memorex label maker with great frustration !!!!! I have window 's 7 32 bit . Everything should work , I could not calibrate the settings . I downloaded the calibration sheet , tweeked , tweeked and tweeked with no improvement , used a ton of ink !!!!! Some of the reviews said put settings at 0 0 . I did everything . So , I do n't know what to tell you readers . It is not intuitive or compatible with window 's 7 32 bit . The instructions are very vague and the help just sends you back to home base . Memorex LabelMaker is not for me . I am returning it : -LRB-
 I bought these labels and applicator because they were inexpensive . Well , I got what I paid for ! I 've found that the software that comes with it is n't super user friendly . I spent some time getting it to print just right and did some test prints on regular paper that looked great . When I was ready to print on the actual labels , something inevitably failed . There 's a seam across the middle of the label sheet -LRB- in case you want to detach them ? -RRB- and I think that always causes some weirdness with my printer . Overall I get about 1 in 3 to print correctly . I will be buying the more reliable , slightly more expensive labels next time .
 My biggest issue with these labels is the fact that , even once printed , you can see the original printing on the DVD . Granted I could just find DVDs that have lighter or no printing , but I purchased labels to cover up the DVDs that I already had . But unfortunately everything printing on the DVD shows through.Other than that , the labels were fairly easy to use . I did not bother with the software but instead found a PDF template online to use . The label applicator definitely makes things easier , although the first time I tried it the label was off-center . It was easy to peel-off and re-adhere though .
 Basically I threw this in my cart because it was a good price and I thought
 Someone needs to tell Memorex that there have been some improvements in software since 1994 which , apparently , was when the program that comes with the label maker was written .
 Do n't bother with this cheaply made gadget . It is so much easier and so much more accurate and so much faster to apply your CD labels by hand . Trust me .
 The software for this product is not user friendly . I spent some time `` calibrating '' my printer and the result was perfect ... on regular printer paper . However , when you printed on their label paper , the result was way off from the template . I , finally , gave up trying to coordinate my printer with their paper and threw the whole thing out .
 I purchased this kit because I wanted to put a label on a DVD I made . There was nothing in the accompanying online blurb which indicated that it would work only with Windows . So I , a confirmed Mac man , found that the mounting disk would open , but I could not make it work properly . The stock on which the disc blanks and spines were imprinted seemed very heavy , but the adhesive-backed portion worked OK using the round plastic mounting device in the kit . PhotoShop made me a form that matched the printed position of the labels and I filled it in with my own design . None of the designs provided on the disk of the kit met my needs , and in any event I am not sure that I could have transferred them to PhotoShop .
 After hours of screwing around there is now way to print these labels on center . Finally I had to cut 1/2 inch off the top of the label page to get it somewhat close . You have 2 choices buy this or buy a bullet and rent a gun ... you 'll need it .
 I totally agree with the other fella ... I followed all the software instructions . Got through that okay . Calibrated it with a regular piece of printer paper and got it , what I thought , was about as close as it was going to get -LRB- though , when I held the template paper even with my test printer paper , it was off too -RRB- BUT , when I put in the template paper , it was a complete disaster . NOT EVEN CLOSE FOLKS ! and I know why ... my brand new HP Printer does a burnout on the slick backing of the template paper . Meaning my printer is already printing before the template ever gets there . The other guy is lucky ... he only spent $ 12 ... I spent $ 14 . Lady , however you got your 5 star label maker to work , more power to ya.Duane Harmon
 The included software is terrible and very difficult to use . I have a great printer and it still was able to mess every sheet up . I could not find any Word-compatible templates for these sheets , so we had to use the included software . Waste of $ 12 .
 I ordered this as a starting off point for labeling home movies and picture cds . The kit came with a disc that I installed into the computer that had the program for making and printing the labels . No problem there . I went through the process of calibrating the printer and had the same problem others have said
 If you like rubbing cheese graters or sand paper across your behind , then this is the product for you ! If you 're a normal human being , then I would suggest not bothering with it.The Good
 This phone won a lot of design awards , which is great if you are buying it to look at but if you need a good phone this is not it . It started doing funky stuff right from day one . The ringer gets `` stuck '' on on the handsets and ca n't be stopped without removing the batteries -LRB- not an easy task as they are really hard to open -RRB- . For service you have an email address and an 800 number . I tried both 3 times and got NO RESPONSE ! . I would not recommend this phone to anyone . Thankfully Amazon stands behind what they sell and took it back .
 Good : Most phone functions work as indicated.Bad : - Speaker-phone function is not very clear , callers frequently tell me they have a hard time hearing me speak clearly . Volume for the speaker , although a slide type has one setting , LOUD . - When hanging up the phone , one must be careful to get the charging lights in the lighted position . This is frustrating , and the first phone I have owned that did not self cradle for charging . Sometimes requires two or three times & holding your mouth right to get it to the correct position . - The point made by an earlier reviewer about the hand set going into a continuous ring is true . This can be caused by a caller who calls and then hangs up before the hand set is lifted . You have to take the ringing hand set off of the cradle and hit the OFF button , and or remove the battery as stated to get the ringing to stop . I have returned from extended trips to find the phone ringing in a continuous ring . - Batteries are not standard and must be ordered from AstraLink/ClipFone , although not very expensive -LRB- $ 10.00 -RRB- + $ 5.00 S/H , not being able to go to Radio Shack to get them is a joke ! - My wife and I have home offices , I thought this would do the trick for communication between she and I , however , she refuses to use this phone , she just hates it !
 The screen is too dark to easily see the translation . I would not recommend this unit . Everything else works fine .
 I have this `` Battery Saver '' pad for about 8 months - however , I am now looking for a replacement as I found there were numbers of problems with this mouse pad .1 . The non-slip side is not what it claimed to be ; Even I follow the instructions of weekly wipedown , it only stick for less then a day - I have to end up using my keyboard as this pad 's paper weight in order not having it slip across the desk like a overside flat hockey puck .2 . The operation surface become very smooth and it worn down - in less then 3 months ; In another word , I will not recommend this pad if you are a gamer as the response rate of this pad will drop rather quickly . Even in standard usage web surfing was becoming an issue .3 . But its biggest flaw came from its `` battery saving feature '' ; My laser mouse usually have to replace the NiMH batteries every 4 months in normal everyday use . However , after replacing my NiMH twice in first 3 months of using this pad , I switched to normal batteries and I am my 2nd set already.So IMHO - save your money and get something else .
 Pros
 I enjoy the mouse performance on it , but it just does n't stick . Finally I had to put double sided tape on the bottom . The 3M mouse pad I bought sticks like it is permanently installed to the desk .
 My phone worked fine for over a year . Now the handset wo n't connect to the base . First , I tried the troubleshooting guide in the manual . Then I tried replacing the battery and contacting Uniden customer service . The phone still fails to work.Avoid this one .
 I bought the earlier model which looks exactly like this one and has same features . This is one of worst cordless phone i have ever purchased . During conversation , it shuts of all my itself even when fully charged . I even replaced hte battery but no good . .
 bgt the TRU346 after good reviews , memory dim but phone broke within a year , could not hear caller -LRB- they could hear me -RRB- often could not get dial tone , do n't remember what tech support -LRB- email -RRB- suggested -LRB- chg battery , reprogram unit etc -RRB- , did n't work anyway . Uniden brand name and the reviews on TRU3466 with speakerphone , gave them another chance . # sign on handset died after a few months -LRB- try using voicemail systems without the pound # -RRB- had to use speakerphone constantly for # sign key . Earpiece is necessity , move around my office a lot , works on and off now , lot of static or no reception at all . I also need earpiece to keep hands free -LRB- major reason for speaker phone as well -RRB- . Bought two phones , less than two years , $ 180 . Big disappointment.Will never buy UNIDEN phone again .
 This telephone worked perfectly for 1 year and then died as if programmed to not work as soon as the warranty ran out ... phones should work for more than 1 year and after having tried numerous phones , all of these companies should be ashamed at producing such horribly made phones .
 I bought this phone because of the range and speaker phone feature . I immediately found that the phone kept displaying `` line 2 '' active when there was only one line to the phone . The battery in the handset died after only two months and a replacement never charged . When I returned it to the manufacturer via instructions I received a factory-reconditioned older phone with only 900 mhz in return with no other explanation . I will never buy a UNIDEN phone again .
 We , too , may have bought a lemon but we have also always had trouble with the charging contacts . Now , the handset is unusable and we can only use the phone from the base unit . The handset says `` CHANNEL SEARCHING '' now all the time .
 When I purchased this phone I thought a Sony was a good product and the phone was n't a cheapy . However the phone CONSTANTLY channel searches/found channel which breaks up your conversation and you ca n't hear . Sony said when this happens to move closer to the base but you could be standing 1 foot away and it does it . Whats the purpose of having a cordless phone if you ca n't leave the base ?? Called Sony CS Support and because it was no longer under warranty they gave me some troubleshooting to try . One of them was to replace the battery which was done and did n't help . I will never purchase another Sony product . I do n't believe you get what you pay for with Sony . Do not recommend this phone at all . I know 3 people that have this phone and the same thing happens to them also .
 After reading the great reviews of this phone I bought one and had nothing but trouble . The battery made poor contact with the phone contacts , so I added tape and seemed to solve that one . Then it started going dead and I had to unplug it , pop out the battery and essentially `` reboot '' it . THen sometimes if you got more than ten feet away from the base the static was total . Eventually my wife ordered me to give up on it.Too bad tho , like the ergonomics , the sound was excellent , and when it worked it was a great phone . Maybe I got a lemon.Amazon however handled it great , giving me my money back !
 This phone , when it works , is wonderful . Caller ID , nice backlit display , excellent sound quality . But the batteries only last a few days before requiring a recharge , and this is with very light use , less than one hour per day.This is my second Sony cordless phone , and the second to have poor battery life . I doubt I 'll buy another .
 Ergonomics and appearance are much improved over some other Sony 900 mhz phones . The lighted LCD in the handset and base unit are great . Overall functionality is excellent.Speakerphone is good and the layout of the base unit is intuitive , attractive , and simple.Sound quality was a big disappointment . There was crackling on the handset and the volume seemed to oscillate on its own . I exchanged the phone and the sound of the replacement was no better . I moved both phones to different locations and it did not seem to matter . I then exchanged the phone for the Sony SPP-SS966 , which is Digital Spread Spectrum and has much better sound quality but is not as attractive or as ergonomically correct . It boils down to a choice of form or function - I chose function .
 i 've had this phone for a year now . when i first started using it the phone had problems with dropping calls . i would be standing 20 feet from the base and the phone would indicate `` out of range '' the sound quality is aweful . the phone picks up every bit of background noise and even in normal situations it can be difficult to hear the person you 're talking with until the volume is at an irritatingly high level . the battery has been chincy from the start but has continually degraded to the point of uselessness . the vox on the speakerphone occilates , cutting you off at times in mid-sentence , you have to be completely quiet to allow the other person to speak -LRB- dropping a pen on the table switches the vox over to me , but then it randomly goes back to the other person a minute later -RRB- the phone is also bigger than it should be -LRB- both the base and the handset -RRB- the range is not improved over any of the analog 900mhz phones i 've used .
 Being a Sony fan , I was really excited about what looked to be a great phone at a great price ! Sony really let me down w / this one , I just purchased this phone , disappointment soon followed . It started off great -LRB- for the first 5 hours of usage -RRB- ... Now I can rarely use this phone as it ALWAYS shows `` Scanning Channel '' - When that shows in the display , the phone is completely useless both w / incoming and outgoing calls . I have owned this phone for less than 48 hours -- tonight it is going back from where it came . Save yourself some time & money -- do n't buy this model !
 When this phone works , it 's fabulous . It allows me to store dozens of phone numbers , any of which it can call with a simple press of the jog dial . It looks good , and provides caller identification . Unfortunately , this phone does n't work about 30 % of the time . All too often , when I pick up the handset to make a call , the screen reads ' CONNECTING ' and the phone is dead . Also , sometimes the names and telephone numbers will become go from being represented on the screen by letters and digits to unreadable symbols . All very strange . Thank goodness I have 2 other telphones in my apartment .
 This phone is the worst , as it makes you think it 's the best thing ever after a few weeks of use . BUT THEN ... I had the same problems as other reviewers as it was always scanning for a channel during calls . Very annoying . Do n't buy this phone . I 've noticed that Sony is cutting the price dramatically on this phone to get rid of it from its inventory . Do n't buy it .
 This item gets one star because Amazon has no lower rating . I have had this over 1 year . Every time I put in a new tape I follow the mfg 's instructions to the letter but the printer always ruins at least the first tape . The tapes are not cheap but the printer is . I am looking for a different printer .
 Nice product but they need help in writing USB printer drivers . It only works on one laptop that has nothing else installed to the USB port . It does n't work on my desktop machines that have a lot of things that use the USB ports - and all these other things have no problems at all . 3 sessions with Brother - escalating further up the tech chain each time did not fix the problem . This included a remote operation session with one of their techs . Basically redid everything I already did and stopped short of - but recommended - totally uninstalling and reinstalling my USB system drivers/ports - this would have probably gotten the label printer working - but would have broken everything else that I use on USB . This label printer is just not that high a use priority for me to sacrifice all other USB function . They need to reexamine their drivers and make them more tolerant of other USB users/uses . I repeat - my USB ports work fine for the several other items I use on them - so which application do you think has the problem ?
 RE
 Works great , but the leading edge is too long . What I mean is that before the label is printed there is about an inch of wasted label which is good for the manufacturer so that we have to replace tape sooner , but I consider it a waste .
 The markers are listed as `` 12 Blue Markers '' and state that the original price is $ 34.99 . That price could only be for a whole box . Who would charge $ 34.99 for one single marker ? When I received only one marker in the mail , instead of a whole box , they stated it is a listing for individual markers . Then why list `` 12 '' ? Why would I spend $ 6.62 for one marker when I can go to Office Depot and get one for $ 2.79 ? Very disappointed .
 Amazon falsly advertised this product leading me to purchase 27 dozen pens . When confronted with facts and screen shots Amazon refused to accept reasponsibility for its actions . Amazon cost its sellers and me time and money ; however , Amazon is to cheap and petty to make it right .
 I loved this stamp ... until I used it . You have to use the stamper at least 5 times on some scratch paper before it will completely print . It almost always leaves part of the text unprinted or illegible . Once you really get the whole thing moistened with ink it seems to do better .
 dont bother with this stamp . it is hard to use , clumsy and the stamp looks as cheap as it was made .
 I WOULD LIKE TO BUY ONE , BUT THEY DONT SEND TO SPAIN . I CANT FIND A WAY OF GETTING THIS EXACT ONE.ANYBODY CAN HELP ?
 You can live with the clicking noise when it switches from PSTN to VOIP but you can not live with the horrible noise and static on the VOIP line . It does not work with Yahoo Messenger either . Get something else !
 Bought this Clipboard to store recipes for my restaurant.It immediately failed to function correctly , not closing correctly and it got worse after that to the point the locking mechanism had to be reassembled due to the poor materials used in construction.Oh well , time to find one that works correctly .
 I bought this item because I liked the 6-1/2 '' depth of the box , and competitors only offer the standard 4 '' . The box itself was well built , but the lock was complete junk . It is loose and flops about freely when unlocked . You can almost pull the lock out of the hole . The lock is threaded , and the picture shows it has a nut to hold it in place , but there was no nut on it . Given the design , I do n't think I could fit a nut on now even if I had one . I do n't want the hassle or expense of returning this item , so will go to the hardware to see what I can come up with to make it work . I am not impressed , and will never buy another product from this manufacturer .
 This has to be the worst tape dispenser ever designed . Nice idea , but very poorly executed . The tape either gets stuck inside the dispenser or wo n't cut off properly .
 If I were able to give zero stars , I would . I concur with others , it does not work . I had no problem getting the cutter to work , but the cut occurs inside the dispenser , leaving no tape sticking out . As a result , you have to open the dispenser after every cut to re-thread the tape . I tried several times to see if there was a trick I was missing , but it is just a poorly executed design . I did n't purchase this on Amazon , but it is definitely going back .
 This tape dispenser is a great idea , but it simply does not work . It is difficult to actually get the tape to roll properly , but the most frustrating part is that it is does n't cut the tape . The cutting feature is the most important part . I even went to the product 's website and watched the video to make sure that I had inserted the tape properly and was using the dispenser correctly . I was doing everything correctly . This product simply does not do what it is designed for . What a disappointment .
 I use a fair amount of transparent tape to attach graphs and photos to my log books . When I saw this in our local K-Mart , I thought it might save me a lot of time . I find it hard to believe , but the giant , well-regarded , 3M company seems to have put this product on the market without even minimal testing to make sure it works . It does n't !
 One of the worse products I 've ever bought , luckily I bought it locally and it 's going back . Like another reviewer said , it either does n't cut or it gets stuck inside after you do get it to cut , then you spend time opening it , taking out the stuck tape , weaving it back through , closing the case , taping , gets stuck , wash , rinse and repeat . Talk about taking forever to wrap a gift and the wasted tape when it does n't cut.My husband thought I just did n't know what I was doing , so he tried it , same results . I came on here hoping that maybe there was some `` magic '' trick I was n't getting , obviously there is n't one , this just plain does n't work as intended . Do n't waste your money on it .
 I sent a letter on Aug 15,2005 to Batteries Guy at 264 Hewes St , Brooklyn New York -LRB- the return address on the shipping envelope -RRB- asking them to please ship the correct item and some information on returning the battery that did not fit my phone . I have not yet received a reply . There was no phone number or e-mail address in the package .
 The idea is great for these having the variety of colors , however , after several uses they start to leak and become very messy . Not a fan .
 I recently got one of these . I am an artist who specializes in stippling . This was among the cheapest rapidographs I have ever purchased . The thing leaks ink , the box was broken new and the nib is bent . I contacted the seller , who directed me to the manufacturer . I would have to pay to ship it back myself ; I think I 'll just buy a better pen -LRB- it 's really not worth my time to drive to the post office , package it , possibly insure it , buy stamps for it , and wait a month for another one . -RRB- Anyway , it looks really pretty in the picture .
 I have been using Rotting pens made in germany for 15 years this was the worst one I ever held . Cheap quality for big bucks ! The inner tip is bent and it SHREDS paper into cotton , the ink cartridge takes 2 minutes to get into to refill . Cleaning the ` heart ' is almost impossible . And the ink is blotchy and GRAY ! -LRB- possibly the one I ordered was old -RRB- but with poor quality penn it came as no big surprise to have bad ink to match.For a professional artist this was a total bust , for someone using this for ` handy pen ' for notes , it might do.Just be wary of sellers , when buying this item . Mine did NOT communicate at all , and refused to give me refund even after the pen was returned . I had to file A-Z and pay return shipping . NOT WHAT I WOULD CALL SATISFYING PURCHASE IN ANY WAY ...
 This `` Thai < - > English Talking Electronic Dictionary and English-Thai Audio Travel PhraseBook ECTACO Partner ETh800 '' does not pronounce words in Thai from its 450,000 word dictionary . Only in English . The `` Thai < - > English Talking Electronic Dictionary '' and the `` Talking bilingual dictionary '' on their description page is misleading.The speech recognize feature will only recognize phrases that are already in the phrasebook . You can not just say any phrase and have it repeat it in Thai like it says you can in the description . You have to first select the topic then the subtopic where the phrase is located . The available phrases are then displayed making it unnecessary to try and get the ETh800 to recognize your voice which I was never able to do . You highlight the phrase and hit the speaker icon and it will say that phrase in Thai .
 Very thin , very hard , corrugated , the mouse does not glide like it says . Not what I expected , I do n't like it at all . Only advantage is that is so thin could be kept inside the laptop when folded .
 Too small for comfortable use . It would not remain stuck with the table , but shift often when I moved the mouse . Get a regular mouse pad and not this thin `` portable '' gimmick
 I needed help getting my groceries and other items home from the stores around my neighborhood . This cart started falling apart within two weeks . It lost a wheel within a month . I had to buy a nylon lining for it or nothing would stay in and many things from the grocery store would be damaged . The whole thing fell apart completely within two months . It was a mess . Aside from the fact you needed a degree to put it together , some of the parts were missing .
 I truly wish I had kept the box to send this back ! The wheel configuration is so poorly designed , they fell off , and I ca n't find the parts to put it back together ! I contacted the mfg about this , and no response . A very expensive mistake .
 I have read that this cart , as sold on Amazon , is not the Narita Trading Company NTC001 , but a cheap knock-off , even though the picture Amazon shows is of the Narita cart ; apparrently that is not what buyers are getting when they order it . Based on that information , I bought the cart from -LSB- ... -RSB- But wherever you get this cart , beware ! It is toxic ! I brought it into my house , took it out of the shipping box and opened the cellophane wrapping and the smell was so strong -LRB- creosote , gasoline -RRB- that everyone in the room yelled at once , `` get that out of here , quickly . '' The strength of the odor is stunning ! I took it outside , put on a respirator and nitrile gloves and assembled the cart . The smell comes from the plastic cover on the handle and from the plastic `` rubber '' tread on the wheels - it is NOT rubber . I washed these parts in hot soapy water without apparent effect . I have now washed my hands four times and they still smell strongly of gasoline , just from handling the cart when I first opened it . It does n't matter if you do n't usually care about , or even notice , toxic chemicals ; I promise you that you will be very sorry if you buy this product . This would be particularly dangerous to have around children or anyone with asthma or chemical sensitivities . The cart is made in China and clearly neither the manufacturer nor the seller cares about anything but money .
 Bought their cart . Came with a bent front wheel . Wobbles when you push it . Notified customer service several days ago . No response , not even to a followup email . They apparently have decided to ignore me now that they have my money . Beware !
 This product is , in my opinion , not worth the money . It is too small to properly fit the cart that I have -LRB- which Amazon advertised as an option for my cart -RRB- , does n't attach well to the cart , and it is made of rather flimsy material . It cost me $ 14.63 after shipping , and it is not worth it .
 The biggest problem with this product was that the front wheels are fixed . I did not even think about this being a problem until I was walking home with groceries . The front wheels should pivot like a stroller or a grocery cart . By the time I got home , the front wheels had fallen off . Just two pins hold them in place . I had no problem putting it together , but the fixed wheels were my biggest problem . I ordered the Wonder Wheeler which has pivoting front wheels instead .
 This cart is DANGEROUS , and has caused me to fall -LRB- twice -RRB- since I purchased it 3 months ago . When this cart is carrying a `` load '' , and being `` pushed '' , THE FRONT WHEELS WILL NOT ROLL OVER AN UNEVEN SURFACE -LRB- i.e. sidewalk cracks -RRB- ! The wheels come to a sudden `` dead stop '' causing the back of the cart to tumble over the front of the cart , and you along with it ! I have sustained injuries from this , and the cart is now in the trash ! I am a senior citizen , and have use these types of carts for years to help with my errands without problems . This model -LRB- g8001 -RRB- has been a disaster . Seniors beware !!!!!!!!!
 This cart was of good quality ... but was a bit pricy . Once you compare with those in other stores and add the shipping and handling on it , I ended up paying about $ 20 too much . However , we want to say we like the cart , have used it many times and it is extremely useful to us .
 This cart is made in China -- like most products today . However , this particular cart must have come from an assembly line that is especially beneath contempt . Intense off-gas started spreading immediately upon removing the plastic cover from the cart in shipping box . After trying to air it out for a day , the fumes still kept coming on strongly . The smell mainly came from the plastic wheels and foam padding on the cart handle . This is how I learned that the wheels were not made from quality rubber as advertised . I ended up throwing the cart into the trash . Buyers beware
 I have purchased this product from the experience i had with smaller cart , but the bigg one i purchased is pathetic . corner pins blew up on the first day and weels are going all over , and more over this piece stikns for 2 days ... overall its a waste of money ... buy better products and dont waste your money like meThanks , Vijay
 This cart is no good . It kept getting stuck everytime I tried to open it . Then , recently , one of the rods snapped and injured my leg , let alone the groceries that were damaged . Never again .
 The cart is n't what I had hoped for . It goes in a straight line just fine , but it does n't turn corners at all . I have to pick it up and place it in the direction I want it to go . The wheels hook together with cheap materials . I would n't buy this one again !
 All I can say is do n't buy these phones . The reception is not good at all . We have the base unit set up in the bedroom . If I go more than 40 feet away I start to get noise , static , or whatever you want to call it when talking to someone . We 've had a 900 MHz cordless phone with the base unit set up in the same place and the reception was always good . Also if your talking on one of the phones , someone else can not pickup the other phone and join in on the conversation . I returned these phones 1 day after I bought them .
 This is my 3rd Vtech phone and by far the worst ! Reception is terrible , even for the price . Background noise is magnified by this phone weather speaking on it or to someone using this phone ! Not to mention that radio stations come thru loud and clear ... I will think twice and check AMAZON reviews before I buy another phone .
 The handset will not connect despite following all the trouble shooting tips in the owner 's manual . Vtech 's web site and customer support was use less.Would recommend some other better brand ; this phone is n't worth the money
 I own this system and have owned VTECH phones in the past - this will be my last . Sometimes the phones connect ; sometimes they do n't - seems to be their choice . I also have an -LRB- older -RRB- Panasonic system in the house which works great all the time . CAVEAT EMPTOR - you get what you pay for here - poor quality and spotty connections . On the plus side
 I 'll just say one thing.I bought this for the home office line.Half the time I 'm pushing the `` volume up '' button to make sure it 's all the way up , then I 'm pushing it up against my ear and running to the quietest room in the house.Invariably I say `` can I call you back from a different phone '' and go pick up the phone connected to my house line , * 67 , and call them back . Then I can hear them and have a conversation.This phone is a bust .
 I 've had this POS for less than 5 months . It started to shred it 's internals after about 4 months . Of course I did n't know exactly what was going on at the time , but now that it wo n't take paper at all , and will make only loud crunching noises , while spitting out gray pieces of plastic , I 'm fairly confident that it 's broken.A call to customer service -LRB- in India -RRB- led me to wanting to post reviews of this product . First thing I am supposed to do is write a letter to the warranty department . They will , within 2 weeks , send me a form to fill out and then include with the product that I must package up , drive to UPS , and ship to them , on my dime , to have repaired , or replaced , at their decision , and then wait for it to be shipped back to me . Of course I ca n't return it to where I purchased it , I ca n't talk to a manager , and they wo n't let me actually talk to someone in the warranty department.Will I ever willingly purchase another Royal product ? The answer to that should be obvious.My only hope is they see the bad reviews they will get from me and other unhappy customers .
 I bought this shredder in Jan. 04 and by March 04 the sensor went . It was still under warrantee so I had it replaced and I few weeks ago the same thing happened to my replacement . Yeah , it 's a machine and it 's gon na give out eventually , but not within a year period .
 Bought this shredder at TARGET for like $ 40 . Thought it was great value until it died 3 months later for no apparent reason and without warning . From what I have heard and read its more or less about norm for a shredder for this price ! $ 10 a month to shred paper !! Anyway stick to FELLOWES or one of the better brands . Bought an ATIVA from Office Depot for $ 159 - it was supposed to be heavy duty ! It died after 20 pages !! Brought it back with the paper in the basket to proove I was n't crazy !
 I have had this shredder less than a year and it has already died and without any warning . It was working fine one day and then the next , nothing . I can say that it worked great while it was working . I truely regret not saving my receipt so that I could haul the piece of junk back to Target .
 We had to return this shredder twice to Circuit City . The first week with the shredder was fine , quality was mediocre AT BEST , but at least it would shred when needed and stop when not needed ... After two weeks the Royal -LRB- tm -RRB- 85x no longer stopped when not needed . Instead , it would start at random , and KEEP GOING ... . This was only solved by turning the switch to `` OFF '' instead of `` AUTO . `` Since this situation was a potential fire hazard , we exchanged for a new shredder and discovered when we got home that the replacement was damaged.We got another replacement and as I was taking the shredder out of its packaging , the collection bin took a 2 inch drop and decided to fall apart at its plastic seams . `` Disappointment '' can not begin to describe the level of displeasure and mental anguish that this piece of office buffoonary has occasioned me.I sincerely hope that anyone contemplating on purchasing this shredder will reconsider , as this machine does not have a worthy pedigree . Instead , it is a Royal -LRB- tm -RRB- pain in the ... ps-this shredder is one of few exceptions in the do-not-buy extended warranty rule .
 I 've owned this shredder for about a year . It has been infrequently used and just burned out ... on about 5 sheets . It has NEVER taken the 10 sheets that it purports ... more like 4-6 is max . I will be replacing the shredder , but NOT with a royal product .
 There are just so much problems with this shredder , first the automatic sensor die after just 3wks . And after just 4 months , the shredder just died . Do n't waste your money .
 I was upgrading from a 5 -LRB- really < 3 -RRB- sheet Fellows to a 10 sheet Royal 85X which I happened to see at Target . Got it home and found the basket interlock switch was intermittant . If the basket was in place the unit would n't work . Called Royal to see in there was an adjustment I could make so I did n't have to make another trip , but the tech said to return it . I exchanged it for another one ; got it home and it was absolutely DOA !!! Shame on Royal for making such a lousy product , and shame on Target for selling it . Moral of the story
 At first I was very happy with the shedding ability for this very reasonably prices shredder . However , it only lasted about 2 weeks before giving out on me . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I bought this shredder a year ago from Target , and at first , was very , very happy with it . It 's powerful , shreds great , has a window to see the basket , and is very convenient.But my euphoria did not last long . After a month , the sensor died so that when I put it in auto-on mode , it always ran -LRB- instead of sensing when I was putting something into it -RRB- . Then tonight , after a year and very light use overall , the shredder seized up as I put 4 unfolded sheets of paper into it . So now I 'm in the market for a new one.Had it been reliable , it would have been a great shredder - but this one absolutely is not .
 I bought this paper shreader even after reading some of the negative reviews . Although I found the reveiws helpful , sometimes I do n't trust the reviewers agenda . So I thought I 'd give it a try myself.I got it and plugged it in . I shreaded a bunch of old credit cards and a bunch of old credit card bills . I filled a 30 gallon trash bag , when all of a sudden , it quit working . I thought maybe it needs to be cleaned out or maybe it even over heated and needs to cool down . So I reached up under the shreader and removed as much of the shreaded material as I could . I then waited an hour for it to cool down and tried again . No go . Even with the green sensor light glowing , I can not shread anything.I liked the features of this shreader and it really did shread up to 10 pages at a time , but I recommend that you take this and other reviews to heart , this shreader just CAN NOT HOLD UP TO THE USAGE !
 Had the shredder for less than a year . The auto funtion has stopped working , just like the other reviewer said in their review.You have to keep it in the off mode or it will always run . It does n't shred CDs , and barely can handle plastic credit cards . I use it at home to just shred junk mail mostly.I guess that I get alot of junk mail , it made this bad boy die . lolI am going to spend more money next time and buy a Fellowes .
 Shredder itself works fine , but the sensor that shuts off the shredder fails quickly in this device . In my case , it starts automatically , but never shuts off until I turn off the switch manually . For others , it never starts when the sensor fails . A `` Royal '' pain !
 I purchased this at Target . I only needed a light duty shredder for our home to shred credit card offers and misc . things like that . The first one I brought home was broken , the removable can was cracked and the shredder would run continuously . After returning the defective/broken one , I came home to shred.For the first few days it was ok . It did n't shred anywhere near the purported number of sheets , even 3-4 was a bit much . I did n't worry though , I just fed it a piece at a time . After a few weeks , the motor began to get louder . I should back up an include that I had to frequently remove the can and remove the wedged little bits of paper from the teeth . It would n't quit running because of this , I just did n't like the idea of it jamming . Anyway , the motor progressively gets louder . Then a whole new grinding metal sound appears . And a clunking . Who knew that shredders could clunk?After calling Royal a few times -LRB- and being accused of putting foreign objects into it -RRB- , I found I was going to have to drive it to the nearest service center or pay to ship it . There was no mention of a RA or anything . Although , the last person I spoke to seemed to know exactly what the problem was and even described the sound without me doing it.As I 'll never have time to make a special run to take this in for service , it will be tossed out . It has been replaced with a Fellowes shredder
 Shredder appeared to be fine at first but after about a year I noticed it began to slow down and now at about two years it just died ! Poor quality motor and I would not recommend . Pay a little more at Costco and get a much better item !
 Here I am trying to clear the fourth jam in two days . It jams on one junk mail envelope with three pages in it , at most . The claim about 10 sheets at once is a complete scam . This thing is weak and I would not purchase it again .
 My brother has this model and it works great . So I ordered it from from Target online and was displeased because it 's not the same shredder . It 's the same model number but it does not have the convenient clear button that allows you to clear the shredder of paper . So when it gets jammed , and it does , you have to unplug the shredder , remove the top and dig out the shreddings . It also refused to work after about 4 minutes of use and you must let it cool down for 2-3 hrs . So do n't let the items you must shred build up or shredding it will be an all day affair . My brother 's has gone for as long as 15 minutes without needing to cool down and he bought it at Target instead of online . It does however shred paper pretty well so I gave it 2 stars . Will be looking for another one soon but this time I 'll make the trip to the store .
 Bought at a local builders warehouse super sale for $ 13 and the 1st time I used it , I was amazed at the speed with one page so then I tried with five pages ; it jammed and I had to reverse a few times . I finally got through that first batch but then it would not turn on automatically again . Turns out the small , limit switch that activates the shredder in the paper slot had gotten jammed backwards with the reversing . I was able to get it back in place and made it through two baskets of nicely shredded documents 2-3 pages at a time . A few weeks later , it jammed again and it took awhile but I was finally able to reverse and forward to clear the jam . However , the small , cheaply made limit switch was no longer part of the unit -LRB- it apparently got shredded ! -RRB- and now I have a nice , $ 13 steel wastebasket , so I can not complain . Bottom line
 This product worked OK for 3 months then the shredder began to fall apart . There are little finger like pieces -LRB- that are breaking off -RRB- underneath the shredding area which began to collect paper and cause the paper to backup and jammed in the shredding mechanism . The more fingers that fall off , the faster paper backs up and gets jammed . So after every 10-15 pages I have to get out a pair of needlenose pliers and pull the impacted paper out of these tiny slots . It takes about 10 minutes of extreme frustration to unclog this clunker . That 's about a minute a page . This is obviously completely unacceptable because if I had enough time to spend 1 minute to shred each piece of paper I would be paper mache artist.Now , I just use it to store paper until I buy a new shredder . This product was a complete disappointment for me .
 I expected this `` crosscut '' shredder to make confetti of the papers I fed through it . Instead it slices paper into strips . My old , less expensive shredder already sliced paper into strips . The strips made by the Royal HT500X are a little shorter than the strips made by my old shredder , but it still would be possible for someone to reconstruct my checking account number from these strips .
 I bought this thinking it would do the job . I have little shredding to do . As it turns out , I used it once and it broke down . You ca n't see what wrong , so I took it back . My mistake was I exchanged it for another . Used the second one 3 times and then it broke down . Considering the whole thing a loss at this point . I did n't shredd excessive amounts of paper and there was no reason for it to stop working . Will probably spend more money and do a little more research next time .
 I 'm very disappointed with this shredder . I got it back in October 2006 , and I have only used it about 3 or 4 times . First of all , although the product is supposed to shred up to 5 sheets at a time - IT DOES NOT . It will get jammed , so I only shred 1 or 2 sheets at a time . Tonight I used it again , and it became completely jammed from a few sheets . I can not get it to work again . It is very loud and a bit slow , but I can live with that , I just do n't like the fact that it jams after only using it a few times . I recommend others spend a few extra dollars and get a reliable shredder , unlike the Royal `` 5-sheet '' Crosscut Shredder HT500x .
 I 've gone through three shredders but this one is the worst . It 's loud and jams easily . The others were loud and jammed too but this particular one lasted me only three months . When it jammed , power automatically shutdown . I kept it in reverse and waited for power to come back about one to two hours later . I 'm kinda ruthless with the shredders , sticking papers with staplers , tape or dried glue , and I 'm pretty impressed that the other shredders lasted so long . Not this one , it came from planet pms and work only when it was in the mood . I kept the baskets and placed one in each room . Looking for the one I bought before this one . At least it lasted almost four years . Wish me luck .
 We had the Royal for about 8 months , used it sparingly and made sure not to overload it the it stopped working . We read reviews prior to purchase and it was recommended then to find other reviews now that support our experience . Stay away from this shredder .
 I purchased this model at a local store after reading mixed reviews . It was in my price range and had at least some good reviews so I thought I 'd take a chance . WOW , bad idea ! After about 25 sheets of paper fed 1 page at a time the feed mechanism stopped functioning . I was careful not to overload the unit or run it too long , but the thing did n't last 5 minutes !!! Stay away !
 I 've used it for less than a year . Already fixed it once by taking the thing apart . Just broke again . Not going to bother with it again ... I 'm getting a better one.Overheats very easily too.Has trouble with credit cards even though it 's supposed to shred them just fine.Summed up ... Royal shredders are GARBAGE . Other than the motor and the blade it 's all plastic components .
 I bought this shredder and another model at the same time . This one is just not measuring up . It jams all the time and just does n't work as well as I think it should !
 I just got the shredder and it could n't even shred 4 sheets of paper . It seemed to struggle with shredding just 2 sheets of paper . I 've had other shredders before and none of them were this poorly made .
 I bought this item locally and I think it is made by Smucker 's -- an awful lot of JAM .
 The JS 55 heats up too fast and you have to wait up to 20 minutes -LRB- or more ? -RRB- for it to cool back down . Also shreds too wide and overall is too expensive for the trouble that it is .
 paper load slot to narrow . can not get paper in easily . shut itself off unexpectedly and you have to wait 15 min to restart .
 Poor exit design at the bottom of the shredder leads to frequent jamming . Jams are also very difficult to remove due to the narrow crevice . The noise level is also very loud compared to the relative little power of the device itself . I spend far more time unjamming the machine than I do shredding documents .
 I returned this product because it was not worth keeping ... even though it cost me $ 7 to return it . It jammed up the first time I used it to cut up two sheets of paper . An expensive lesson when you consider it was only a $ 20 item .
 crap ! fire hazard !!! dies after every few sheets ! do n't buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is the absolute worse shredder you could ever waste your money on !
 I should have returned this product as soon as I seen it did n't come as depicted -LRB- shown with a waste basket -RRB- I thought ok no big deal I have my old waste basket . After using this product a few times I want to throw it in the garbage ! -LRB- and prob will as soon as I get to Walmart to replace -RRB- . Every sheet gets jammed , whether it 's one sheet or three sheets every single time it jams !! Please do not waste your hard earned money on this product !!!
 shred this crap . jams all the time . 6 sheets my booty , it only works with 1 sheet at a time , if that .
 I do n't recommend this product , it is very cheap and flimsy . I ordered 2 and one has already broken and the shredder stopped shredding . You get what you pay for , low durability and short product life .
 The design of this shredder is downright awful . I sincerely hope that whoever designed it got fired . There 's a piece of metal that goes across the exit gap from front to back . What its purpose is , I have no idea , but what I do know is that the paper trying to exit gets caught up on it , causing it to jam CONSTANTLY . Seriously , what idiot deliberately put an obstruction into the exit path ? Absolutely ridiculous .
 This shredder is cheap in cost and cheap in construction . Barely shreds 2-3 sheets at a time , sounds like a motorcycle -LRB- loud -RRB- , and only one sidewill extend on a larger waste basket , which leaves the shredder off-center . All-in-all , I guess you get what you pay for , this thing is just barely a shredder.I would return it but it would cost more than the thing is worth !
 I purchased this product as a used , but `` in perfect working ordr . As soon as I used it the first time , I saw that this machine could not shred toilet paper . It jamed with every attempt I tried . It was apparently not in '' WORKING ORDER '' . I took this machine out to the garbage within 5 days of frustration .
 This paper shredder is poorly constructed and already broke . Very cheap . Do not buy .
 We thought is would be a bigger version of the shredder . . and it can only be used for a minute at a time
 Not exactly what I was looking for . I wanted to replace a shredder that had quit working . Yet the basket is still in excellent shape . It would be nice to find a good portable shredder that will fit on a wire basket that was designed to accommodate a shredder . Why discard the basket if the shredder quits working ? This Royal model is a rather flimsy device . It does n't shred credit cards . Then the overview did n't say it would , either . Still , it will only shred a few pages at a time ; it 's loud , too . It will suffice for now .
 From all outer appearances this item looked like it would function well in my office . The day I received it I eagerly placed paper in it only to question if I was using it correctly . I discovered that this item requires an hour or so to warm up before it will shred anything as fed.But here are some suggested ways to work around it
 The paper stripes of 1/4 '' are too wide . at times Information such as names and phone numbers came out very clear . IF somebody is really after information he should n't have much trouble finding it after you throw away your papers
 This shredder is ok if you have 3 sheets to shred once a week . You can not shred sheet repeatedly . It clogs up and is very hard to operate .
 I was disappointed in this shredder . It jams frequently and overheats much too quickly . It wo n't last long I 'm sure , and I certainly wo n't replace it with the same product .
 This shredder stopped feeding the paper 10 minutes after I got it . The manual says to only use for 2 minutes and then let it rest for 4 minutes and then turn the power off , put it in reverse and start over . A long and annoying process ! I tried all kinds of things to get it to feed the paper but nothing . Not even worth the 14 dollars it costs !
 ... than it is to use this shredder . In the last hour , I have taken it apart 3 times to unclog it . I have never passed more than 3 sheets through . I am going to tear the rest of my documents by hand , and throw the shredder in the garbage along with the paper scraps .
 This is a piece of garbage . It jams even if you try to shred only one sheet of paper the size of a CHECK at a time!DO NOT BUY !! you 'd just be throwing your money down the tube.It is literally faster to cut up your waste paper with a pair of scissors than to spend time trying to un-jam this piece of garbage.PS I did n't buy this from Amazon . I have never been dissatisfied with anything I have purchased from Amazon .
 The shredder did not even work . I was very disappointed and I already threw away the box and all and I was so fustrated I didn ' ; t even try to send it back . I just did n't want to fool with it .
 This is a complete waste of money . This machine shreds just one piece of paper at a time . It does not shred credit cards . After I had this machine for less than one week , I was using it one morning , one sheet at a time , for about 15 minutes . It died ! Totally stopped working.This is a complete DO NOT BUY!I gave it one star because I could n't figure out how to post my review with no stars .
 good : the metal and aesthetics are lovelybad : the ink cartridge is lousy!ink does not flow smooth.I changed it out for the pilot rt gel ink x-fine point.It fitperfectly and is a better , smoother writing system.would buy more , but oem catridge poor .
 I thought this product was the Richard Simmons `` Deal a Meal '' program from the 80 's . It was n't . The item was ONLY the binder . It DOES NOT INCLUDE THE FOODMOVER ! -LRB- about $ 20 -RRB- I paid more for shipping than the item itself .
 In the journal , Simmons refers to `` cards '' and the `` food mover . '' The `` cards '' and the `` food mover '' do not come with the journal , which is the problem . The `` cards '' and the `` food mover , '' apparently are out of print , as one can not find them anywhere on the net . I 'm familiar w / how the `` cards '' and `` food mover ' work , as I used to own the Simmons `` Deal A Meal '' card plan . I gave the plan away as someone needed it more than me . I thought I would be able to purchase another set ; however , like the `` cards '' and `` food mover , ' the `` Deal A Meal '' is no longer available . I lost weight using the `` Deal a Meal '' plan and believe I 'd lose weight w / the `` cards '' and `` food mover , '' if I had them . Without the `` cards '' and `` food mover , '' the journal is out dated in my opinion , and pretty much useless . Until the two become available again , the suitable place for the journal would be on the dollar table at Barnes and Nobles .
 I wish I had read all these reviews before I purchased this as a gift for my Mom . The artwork is wonderful , that is not it . All the other reviewers are correct ; flimzy paper , small spaces , thecoil binder does not even run the length of the calendar . Very cheaply made.I was almost embarrassed to give it as a gift . If anything I would say the price should be adjusted.If I had paid 5 bucks for it , i would have felt I got my money 's worth . The quality is so poor it does not do the artist justice!I 've never been moved to write a review before . I am always very happy with myAmazon purchases . Wish I had listened to my fellow Amazoners !
 Keep in mind when purchasing this item that you get what you pay for . I was hoping for a larger calendar with room to put in dates of many family members . I received a small , aprox 4x6 tablet with 10-12 lines under each month for names and dates . Not what I hoped for so naurally I was dissapointed .
 I was a little disappointed when I received the calendar because it was printed on fairly lightweight paper stock . I also expected a page for each month , and it was laid out such that there are only 6 pages with back to back months . My friend , who I ultimately gave the calendar to , was happy with it , but it was n't what I expected .
 I should have checked the reviews on this phone before purchasing , as I would have discovered that many people have experienced exactly what I 'm going through now . The problem is that the caller ID works intermittently at best . If you 're looking for a phone with caller ID , you will be extremely disappointed .
 I got this phone May 2004 . It worked great , at first . About 3 months after I bought it , It would die in 20 minutes . Even if I had it on the charger all day . I do not recommend this phone.Also , I saw it at Best Buy for under $ 10 .
 Possibly one of the worst cordless phones out there . Terrible reception , annoying static no matter how close or far you are from the base , and it has the worst sound quality ever . The battery life is also horrible - I 've owned this phone for only a year , and already had to purchase a new battery -LRB- and we hardly even use this phone -RRB- . save yourself the time and money and pass on this phone .
 I bought this phone to replace a 900 mHz model that had poor reception . What a mistake . This one is by far much worse . The call quality is the worst I have ever experienced in a cordless phone . I 've tried changing the channel , but I 'm convinced that does nothing . The range is horrendous . If you venture more than 20 feet from the receiver , your call is completely taken over by static . It looks nice , that 's about the only good thing I can say about it .
 yes , blue phones are sexy . but the number pad on this phone is clearly defective . i have owned two of these phones . when the number pad stopped working the first time i assumed it was my fault and replaced it with a new one . but now the second one is doing the same thing . thomsons , which handles warranty claims for these phones , claims that the keypad is not covered by the warranty . they were not interested in the fact that the same problem has happened to me twice now.if you buy this phone you will just be adding it to your local landfill within a year . customer service at GE/Thomsons is completely lacking in integrity . the company does not care that it 's phones will break , offers no avenue to escalate customer compalints and is only concerned with moving on to their next `` customer '' call .
 While I was very pleased with the overall design of the phones , the implementation just did n't impress me enough . A few of the `` soft '' buttons on the handsets did n't work properly , which made programming the phones or working with their advanced features very difficult . More importantly , there seemed to be a high signal to noise ratio while actually using the phone , even after moving the base station to different locations . I guess 2.4 GHz is just too crowded , at least in my apartment . I ended up returning the product after 3 days .
 The two phones are handy , and the wired base station is great to have as backup during power outage . However the speakerphone volume is too low and the recording quality poor . Also , there was distortion while speaking on the wired handset that was bothersome . Lastly , my family complained of `` echo '' and inconsistent volume while speaking on the instrument , wired or wireless .
 This model worked OK for about 9 months , then the caller ID quit working . It would work for a short stretch and then go out . I agree with the complaint about the volume , also .
 We have had the same problems other reviewers reported . The caller ID stopped working first after about 6 months . We were unplugging to reset it several times a day . Then even answering the phone became hit and miss . The one good thing is that the manufacturer replaced it with no hassle . So far it has been another 8 months and the caller ID has only gone out 3-4 times in the past couple months . But the volume is not good -LRB- I 'm constantly asking callers to repeat themselves -RRB- and it clicks all the time which is very annoying . We have just replaced it with a phone that got great reviews . I am hoping it works much better than this one .
 I had this phone for approximately a month before I had to return it for replacement . Not once ... but three times . I finally gave up and thought I could grin and bear the horrible reception -LRB- it sounded like you were going through a wind tunnel -RRB- , these odd popping noises , and the other little quirks -LRB- like the odd way you check caller id -RRB- . But now a little less than a year later , caller id has stopped working and sometimes I ca n't answer the phone via the speakerphone . The features are great , but the phone is as painful as water torture . I can think of better ways to waste money .
 The caller ID has stopped working , I have to unplug it to `` reset '' it almost every day . The volume is too low as well . Would not recommend this item - although I would suggest going with a dual handset , very handy !
 I liked the features of this phone , and the price was good , but I tried it for about a month and finally took it back . The sound quality is awful . I 'm disappointed , because I have a GE phone I bought in the '80s that still works like a charm . I have the best hearing of anyone I know , and I could hardly hear people on the new phone without turning the volume all the way up -- and then I got a static sound when I or the other person spoke .
 As others mentioned , we bought this phone for the price . I would disagree with one previous note , the sound quality was always very clear . But , 2 years later , we are buying a new phone because the buttons stick on this one . After about 18 months of moderate use , the buttons started responding sporadically . Sometimes they work fine , other times they would not even respond to being pressed , and then other times , they would double dial when you press them once . I would not recommend this phone to anyone who wants something that wo n't be in the landfill 2 years later .
 I bought this phone because I just needed a phone for my room , without the `` bells and whistles '' of an answering machine system . The worked really well for maybe two or three months -LRB- good reception , light , etc. . . -RRB- , but now I ca n't talk on my phone for more than 5 minutes -LRB- after being charged for 24 hours b/t each call -RRB- before the battery dies on me . Kind of ridiculous , really . Also , my phone `` clicks '' when I am actually able to use it . It might be worth it for a month or so , unless you like to buy a new phone 4 times a year . : - -RRB-
 The phone and radio work well on this phone , and the big numbers are very helpful , but it has a very annoying feature in that the caller ID buttons are on the back of the handset , so if you , like me , ever cradle the handset between your head and shoulder , forget it because all the caller-id buttons will start ringing your ear off and interrupt your call . Same goes with putting the handset down on any counter etc. . I wish I had not gotten this phone !
 The design of the phone is at best a disaster . If you put the phone down anywhere on its back , you ca n't help but press the caller ID button . If you cradle the phone with your shoulder , you ca n't help but press the caller ID button.There is only one alarm available to set . In most clock radios , there is always two alarms , so when I need to get up at one time , I set it at night and when my wife needs it later in the AM , I need to remember to reset the alarm.All in all , the space savings of a clock radio and phone is helpful , but these drawbacks have me searching for something better .
 This journal does not have a place for thumbprints which renders it useless for half of all notarial acts out there . What good is a notary journal that could not record all notarial acts ? This fact alone means the journal is a defective product . Do not buy if you need to record thumbprints as well .
 when someone calls and thenhangs up , the machine will not hang up - then the voice comes on from the telephone company - if you would like to make a call -- then the warbelling dial tone which the machine records.Thompson can not fix itdo not buy
 We purchased this phone as a replacement for our old 900mhz phone . Out of the box everything seemed fine but after 1 year and very little use -LRB- we get maybe 4 phonecalls a week -RRB- the battery is toast . It wo n't hold a charge for 1 day -LRB- with no use -RRB- . Even more annoying is the answering machine . If people do n't talk loud enough , the message plays with mumbling in the background -LRB- so you ca n't hear what on earth people are saying ! -RRB- I would look elsewhere if you are considering this phone .
 I bought this phone as it had adequate features for what I need , along with a reasonable price tag . I was happy enough with the phone during the warrantee period -LRB- figures -RRB- . Now , about a year and a half later , the touch pad keys are getting harder and harder to push . This is bad enough when trying to dial a phone number , but that much worse when I 'm trying to use automatic phone services -LRB- such a refilling a prescription -RRB- . I resent having to replace this item after such a short period . If I wanted a `` disposable '' phone I would have bought one.Another short-coming that was immediately apparent
 I bought this phone from wal mart last week , and got it set up and it was great . I was very happy with it , but now less than 5 days since I purchased it , it has stopped working . It all powers up but the phone wont communicate with the base . I can still receive messages on the base but the phone is useless . It powers up but turns off since their is no communication . To make matters worse , I already lost the receipt since I was very pleased when it all worked so I threw away the receipt and can not return it now . So now I am out 40 bucks and I wasted a whole day just trying to decide which phone to get and then it dies a few days later . Maybe I should just get rid of my phone line altogether and stick to email . > : O
 After taking this phone out of the package I was immediately impressed . It was user friendly and a pretty major upgrade from what I was using before as the answering machine and caller ID were features I needed in one model . The answering machine has very poor sound quality , but I thought `` Hey , who cares about the answering machine '' . Before I knew it I realized the phone did too . I changed channels , moved the base , walked around ... but nothing helped . While you could turn the volume up , it sounded as if the person on the other end was holding a towel over the receiver . Not only that but when I talked there was a static echo . Sure I could get used to it , but it irritated me so much because my other cordless phone was clear as a bell ... that I decided to take it back for a refund . The features were great , it 's too bad the sound quality sucks . They should allow you to test models in the store before getting home .
 I 've had this phone for about a year now . There were a couple of problems right off the bat -LRB- not storing phone numbers of incoming calls & cumbersome deletion of caller ID information -RRB- but I could live with those . About nine months after buying it , I started having problems with the number keys . Now I have to press the buttons down so hard to get them to work that the phone is almost unusable . It 's cheap , but you get what you pay for .
 Bought this and had it for about a week . The sound quality was very clear , but the problem was that I could n't change the volume of the ringer . If I was n't in my room I could n't hear it ring anywhere else in the house . Plus it did n't have that many features . I returned it today and bought a VTech , it 's a brand that has worked well in the past for me .
 I bought this phone used and it had missing AC adapter . I was hoping to be able to obtain it somewhere as well as an user 's manual . What a major disappointment - you 'd expect that product from such a major manufacturer would have parts available everywhere , first class support , web site with all kinds of information - well ... forget it ! This telephone uses very unique power supply - 6VAC there is no way to find it anywhere . Manufacturer 's web site is utterly useless . Customer service 800 numbers are backed up , representatives based i India or who knows where and offer very limited help if any , most likely they will send you to a Sears or RadioShack store . Yes this is a discontinued model but not that old and this lack of support raises concern for the current line of products from Thompson , GE and RCA - once they become discontinued are they to be junked ? I know one thing - I wo n't take chances and stay clear of this manufacturer 's line of products .
 IF YOU ARE GOING TO USE HOLD FEATURE OFTEN , RUN AWAY !! CHECKED WITH SUPPORT AND THERE SEEMS TO BE NO WAY OF DISABLING THIS ANNOYING `` FEATURE '' . OTHERWISE HAS ALL BASIC FUNCTIONALITY THAT YOU CAN EXPECT FOR A SMALL BUSINESS PHONE .
 Found all funtions of the phone to work ok . All volume levels were great and could be adjusted for headset , handset , and speaker . Design is great though display is a bit hard to see if phone is not propped up in the rear . The big disappointment is when putting a call on hold . My customer advised be that while on hold there is some type of ringing sound and the customer hears . This was a pain when I needed to put a 20 person conference call on hold . Everyone on the call heard the tones . My old IBM and my AT&T multiline phone do n't have this problem.Next disappointment was technical support . I contacted them regarding the tones being heard while on hold and was advised that all I could do was remove all power , phone lines and batteries for 10 minutes to try and get the phone to go back to factory defaults . I did this and the problem was still there . I asked to be sent to next level of support since the person I was talking to was just reading from teh manual and was told the she was it . Were it not for the 1 issue with a tone while on hold this would be a great phone .
 Some time back I bought 10 of these for our office and slowly but surely each one died the exact same way over the course of two years . While the phone works fine the problem is that eventually the phone , not the handset , can not hear the person speaking into the handset . It seems to be related to the hang up button that 's pushed down by the earpiece when you hang up . All the other features continue to work fine . You can hear the caller calling in but they can not hear you . We switched a handset that we know works with the phone -LRB- s -RRB- in question and the problem persists . So now we have 2 of the 10 original phones left . I called GE and they said they could n't do anything for me but I that I could go buy new ones . I 'm not sure why I would .
 Sears sells this phone as a Craftsman model for $ 80 . Circuit City for $ 50 . I bought two -LRB- one for me , one for dad -RRB- and discovered , to my horror , that the base station is a GIANT wall-wart -LRB- no power cord -RRB- that takes up all of a duplex outlet . The wall-wart is as big as the base of the phone . REALLY stupid , idiotic design . Also , the one I bought was defective in that it would not ring . Worked to call out , but no indication of incoming calls . Took it back . My dad 's example works.Handset is also large and not comfortable to hold - sharp edges . It 's supposed to have a load ringer , but judging from the test settings I tried , it 's not very load at all at its loadest.I 'd buy it at a close-out price of under $ 40 , but not for a cent more .
 I got one of these -LRB- the Sears Craftsman version -RRB- as a gift , so the price was right - otherwise I 'd say it 's overpriced.The maximum volume is much too low to be used in a noisy environment . The handset is thick , so if you hang it from your belt , -LRB- upside down because of how the belt clip is attached -RRB- then you 're going to scrape it off and have it fall to the floor . The keypad numbers are sealed , but the buttons themselves are very small.If this is really a shop phone , then why is n't there some sort of bright flashing light that lets you know visually when a call is coming in ? If you 're wearing ear plugs , or running a noisy tool you 'll never hear the ring.I have n't found the extra battery to be necessary or usefull . I think it 's just a gimmick to appeal to the `` cordless tool '' crowd . I 'm sure that the `` spare '' battery wo n't last any longer than the one you leave permanently attached to the phone.One supposed selling point for this phone is that you can put in a garage or shop where you have no phone line installed . You can do this because it comes with a transmitter/receiver unit that you can plug in anywhere in the house there 's a phone jack . Do n't try to use this phone very far from the trans . / receiver unit because its range is pretty low.I 'm giving this phone only one star because it has some useless features , is missing several other necessary features , costs too much for what you get , and does n't perform very well , ESPECIALLY considering it 's billed as a specialized shop phone .
 I value the Amazon Product Reviews and have purchased many items based on customer feedback . I purchased this phone from Home Depot for $ 69.95 . I am returning it today . It is to large for comfort , the reception is bad , the letters too small for those of us who need reading glasses ... I could go on .
 Phone broke after minimal use . Not a good shop phone . The other reviews say it all . Stay away .
 I bought mine last year from Sears -LRB- Craftsman -RRB- . Poor reception , tiny numbers that ca n't be punched with work gloves on , not loud enough ringer and the batteries died after only a couple of months along with the display .
 Right away the little part on the base broke off . Bugs me , even though the repalcement battery seems to still charge . And , for some reason , even the charge on the other side does not seem to hold.I have the Craftsman which is the same item and I really like it . It seems that they were not made as well as production went forward .
 I bought this phone used and it had missing AC adapter . I was hoping to be able to obtain it somewhere as well as an user 's manual . What a major disappointment - you 'd expect that product from such a major manufacturer would have parts available everywhere , first class support , web site with all kinds of information - well ... forget it ! This telephone uses very unique power supply - 6VAC there is no way to find it anywhere . Manufacturer 's web site is utterly useless . Customer service 800 numbers are backed up , representatives based i India or who knows where and offer very limited help if any , most likely they will send you to a Sears or RadioShack store . Yes this is a discontinued model but not that old and this lack of support raises concern for the current line of products from Thompson , GE and RCA - once they become discontinued are they to be junked ? I know one thing - I wo n't take chances and stay clear of this manufacturer 's line of products .
 I have seen other reviews that the 26981GE3 has a dual alarm . GE 's site is confusing as the top portion of the description states `` Dual Alarm '' but the specs does not . Another review in this site also states it has a dual alarm . But whem I received this from Amazon it had only One . The model was 26981GE3 but again only one alarm . I have contacted GE to find out but no response as of yet . I just returned to Amazon in hopes they might help . If I can get with Dual Alarm I think this would be a great product .
 The battery life on this phone is criminal . If the cordless handset is left off of the base for more than 24 hours it loses its charge . I returned it to the store where it was purchased and exchanged it for the same model . Once again , this handset would not stay charged either , and this was after carefully following the directions on initially charging it for an extended period of time . The final straw was when I charged the handset for a full 48 hours , and yet the battery was low after less than 15 minutes of talk time .
 When this phone first came out , I was really excited - I wanted a corded , but needed a cordless along with the features it had.Within six months , the speaker blew . Now - I can only hear my messages if I retrieve them through the cordless and obviously I ca n't use the speakerphone ; highly inconvenient . In addition , the cordless has really poor battery life.I 'm now in the market for another phone and will not buy any GE or Southwestern bell .
 I agree with some of the other reviewers . The base unit is nice , but the cordless handset is very poor . We use it perhaps only two or three times a day . In the first year , we started having problems with the keypad , particularly the # 2 button . Shortly thereafter it hardly worked at all and now some of the other buttons are n't working . Now it can only be used to answer calls . I also had to replace the battery in the first year .
 I have had this phone for a little over a year now . At first it seemed to be pretty good , but not a few months later the battery would not hold a charge and had to be replaced . Another big issue , is that the # 1 and # 2 buttons on the cordless phone either do n't work at all , or when they do work it dials the number twice .
 It was working ok but just after the 1 year warranty expired , some of the buttons from the wireless handset stopped working or if pressed the number were entered twice.Called customer service and was told that if not under warranty , it can not be fixed , so basically you have to throw your phone to the trash.You would be better off buying other brand .
 It was working ok but just after the 1 year warranty expired , some of the buttons from the wireless handset stopped working or if pressed the number were entered twice.Called customer service and was told that if not under warranty , it can not be fixed , so basically you have to throw your phone to the trash.You would be better off buying other brand .
 I bought it last year and it stopped working after 3 months of use . The cordles does not come on and the base unit is just only good as a regular corded phone . I would strongly recommend against buying this phone . GE definitely have quality issues .
 I agree with a lot of the reviews before this . I bought this phone LESS THAN one year ago , and I 've already had to change the battery twice for the cordless phone . About 7 months after I bought this phone , The 2 key went on the cordless phone , and now the 1 key is also gone . If I want to dial numbers with a one or two , I have to search to find that number on caller ID to dial it from my cordless phone ! In addition , I searched to find replacement -LRB- and additional -RRB- cordless phones , and was unable to find any for this specific model . In summary , do n't waste your money on this phone !
 This phone is lacking a very important feature ; a flashing light to tell you that you have a message waiting ! Instead you have to physically walk over to the phone constantly and view the display . Our previous GE corded phone had such a light which was such an obviously needed feature that I just assumed this model would too.Another very annoying attribute of this phone is that it makes a loud beep each time you press a button to dial a number . Its so loud that everyone in the house will know that your making a call . Its too bad , every home needs one corded phone , but this one is just too annoying for everyday use .
 Bought in July 2004 , but wo n't pay freight and so forth to try to collect on warranty after reading other reviews . Nothing but problems holding charge in the battery . Replaced original battery about a month ago , followed instructions precisely for new charge , ok for about one week , and now back to not holding a charge . Useless Junk .
 I 've had this phone for about 2 months and only give it a 2 because the corded phone seems to work well . The cordless unit has this irritating `` feature '' where the earpiece emits a constant hissing sound when docked to the charger . Seems the noise kicks in when the unit has reached full charge ... then you need to remove it from the cradle to silence it . Pretty odd - based upon this and other reviews ... do n't get this phone !
 Corded with cordless is a good concept.The cordless handset is difficult to keep a charge , even after draining and recharging to full several times and trying replacing the battery.You ca n't change the number of rings the answering machine picks up after , which is permanently set to only 3 . So if you do n't pick up a phone after 2 rings , you 'll be talking over the outgoing message and your conversation will be recorded.Volume on the main unit is very low at maximum setting when trying to listen to messages , yet the beep on every button press is overpowering.BTW , there IS a red flashing light that tells you when you have a voice message , and I tested and determined that voice messages are still kept after a brief power outage.Overall , the phone is functional , but there must be better options out there .
 We 've had this phone for a year and a half or so , and ca n't wait to replace it . Cordless phone seems to work ok , but the corded handset on the base unit is worthless . The speaker on the handset earpiece is very hard to hear and gets a lot of feedback -LRB- ? -RRB- from the mic . The only way we can hear the person on the other end of the line is to put our finger over the mic when we 're not talking , which is very inconvenient . Also , the volume on the answering machine is horrible , even when at it 's maximum setting . I 'm ready to toss this unit in the garbage .
 The corded phone works fine but we have had nothing but trouble with the cordless handset . The battery dies constantly and wo n't hold a charge . And as other reviewers have mentioned , the numbers on the keypad stick so that that number dials two to three times . Forget making a long distance call . Definitely do not recommend , I am only giving it 2 stars because the corded phone and answering machine work fine .
 I ordered this for my daughter 's birthday party - to put under the porch for guests to see as they walked up . This is the size of a Christmas ornament , and extremely heavy . I 'm not sure the kids will even notice it . I 'm disappointed , and do n't want to return it becaue of the weight and cost of shipping . The dimensions and a better description should be written .
 Can not rate this product because I have n't received it . I can only rate speed of service ... . Zero stars !!!!
 The door stop is very cute , but much , much smaller than I thought it would be .
 This door stop works great . It 's heavy and secures doors well , and I get lots of compliments on it . Everyone loves it .
 They are cute but not functional . Probably should have read the demensions first . It is not a doorstop in that way . Could be used as a small bookend though .
 The item is very cute and seems like a good concept . The problem is with the execution . The photo showing the angled feet under the door is very misleading . I tried the doorstop on several of my doors -LRB- wood floors , tile floor in bathroom , and kitchen floor -RRB- and the door stop only went one-inch at best under the door thus sticking out way too much making it more of a hinderance than a help . Also , as many have commented , this is very small . Too small . This , for me , is a total bust and I am returning it .
 Seriously , this thing is waaaay too small . It wo n't hold any of my doors . It 's got felt padding on the bottom that just makes it slide as the door moves . When it 's on the floor , it is so small , you ca n't tell what it is until you bend over to get closer . Why would a decorative door stop be so small you ca n't really see it . This is a table top ornament . Even the box does not mention anything about door stops . I 'll be trying to return it and buy an actual realistically sized door stop that is the size to actually be a door stop . Yes , I know the size is in the description and I can believe I did n't see that it is soooo small but I really only went by the product title , which is extremely misleading . It is cute but waaaaaaaay too small .
 The pictures made me think that it would be much larger . It is about 4 inches by 4 inches . People do n't even notice it on the floor . It 's cute but way overprice for the size .
 It ca n't stop my door since this is too small , but my door has a big gap . However , it is now become one of my display item instead .
 I bought a multi pack of this with a silver metallic , pink metallic , and blue metallic . I have tried the blue and silver , and with either I just get very faint printing of some of the letters . I re-printed my labels on the white paper tape and that turned out fine . I think I will return as this was very expensive label tape , $ 16-something for the 3-pack . I think the surface is too glossy for the letters to print out on ? Not sure .
 type it up , print it out and all you get is a blank label . could n't see the print
 I ordered this model last week because of the price . I thought it would be wonderful for the office . When the product arrived it printed lousy quality text and I very quickly found out that four of the keys on the keyboard did not work correctly thus limiting me to a 22 letter alphabet . My advice is to stick with a higher end product and leave this one alone .
 I ordered this model last week because of the price . I thought it would be wonderful for the office . When the product arrived it printed lousy quality text and I very quickly found out that four of the keys on the keyboard did not work correctly thus limiting me to a 22 letter alphabet . My advice is to stick with a higher end product and leave this one alone .
 The fountian pen is wonderful , the brand speaks for itself . The seller of the item failed to mention that the white piece on the top of the cap was missing . Also the pen and the cap do n't have the exact same finish . I am assuming this was a combinaiton of different waterman pens and I am returning it .
 ATTENTION AMAZON -- MISPLACED REVIEWS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The reviews on this product are for some mouse , not for the product shown .
 I bought this mouse after my original dell mouse gave up . I was excited by the potentials of so many programmable buttons and it worked great in the beginning . After a while the main button stopped working . When I click on something , it clicks it with a double click -LRB- even though it 's set for a single click -RRB- . When I try to click and drag , it does n't hold onto the object I 'm clicking and dragging on -LRB- Making it impossible to work with in PhotoShop or highlighting text -RRB- . When I 'm browsing the web , if I scroll through the page quickly it will take me back to previous page -LRB- very annoying -RRB- . I 'm running on Win 98 . It has a good vision , but the execution will disappoint .
 The Kensington mouse is sleek and elegant and best of all not too expensive which is what drew it to my attention however it has one problem that overshadows all of its buttons and sleek design , the buttons are untrustworthy . I say this meaning that when you click you ca n't count on it to click 100 % of the time . When it does work -LRB- which is most of the time -RRB- you ca n't count on it to continually hold as it will occasionally just give up . This can be a serious problem when dragging files as the mouse will let go when you do n't . I use the mouse for gaming where it has driven me insane for half a year . I ca n't take it anymore , I 'm buying another mouse and I advise you to do the same .
 I love optical mice , but this one 's buttons are either sticky or just nonfunctional . The buttons sometimes tell the computer that one click means `` two clicks ! '' or `` five clicks ! '' Other times , when I drag to select something , the selection does n't hold . It makes me crazy . It comes and goes , but really makes my job difficult sometimes . I 'm buying another one and throwing this one out the window .
 I purchased one of these mice soon after they were released , and was somewhat happy with it for about 5 months , then the primary button stopped working . Kensington sent me a replacement , and now , three months later , the primary button on that one is broken too . I 'm still waiting for a second replacement since they are out of stock.Ergonomically , this mouse is terrible . It 's impossible to pick it up while holding one of the buttons due to the flat edge all around on the bottom -LRB- as opposed to curved like apple 's and most other mice -RRB- . If you have large hands , find a different mouse . This one is designed for women or small-handed men , and provides no support for the palm of your hand .
 you do n't tell what size the planner is like a classic nor do you tell if it 's ring bound or wire and if it 's a ring bound you do n't tell how big the rings are such as 1.25 or 1.50
 I just got this shredder becuase it was recommended by the one review available . The machine did not work for more than two minutes before it broke . What it did shred was done poorly . If you need a heavy duty shredder I would look somewhere else . Mine is going back .
 I own Keyspan 's infrared remote and have been very pleased with it . The only downside was needing a direct sight line to operate it . So , when Keyspan announced the radio frequency remote , I snapped it right up.Unfortunately , I can not recommend it . The biggest drawback is the little jog dial in the upper right corner of the remote . This dial is used to advance and reverse slides in PowerPoint and also depresses for a key function . If you use the carrying case provided , the button will be depressed and drain the battery relatively quickly . I had already gone through two batteries before I realized why it was draining.The other problem is the fact that I can not figure out how to use the buttons on the face of the remote to advance and reverse slides . The `` mouse '' pad seems like it would be idea , but only functions as a mouse . And , when used as a mouse , it is slow and stutters as if it is losing signal.For the most part , I have been a satisfied Keyspan customer , but have found little to appreciate about this remote .
 I purchased this specifically because it says on Amazon and on the package `` No software to install , just plug it in & it works within seconds . '' But after cutting open the package I found that the instructions say that there is `` No software installation needed . '' for Macintosh but for Windows you must `` install appropriate software . '' Because my corporate-owned Windows PC is locked down I could not install the software so the remote will not work . Amazon 's return policy says 100 % refund for only unopened merchandise . Nice trick , I had to cut the package to get the truth about the requirement to install software . I 'll make my case for a full refund but we 'll see ...
 The product does not reach the distance it says on the package . that is why i bought this item . Will have to buy a better item .
 I 've purchased two of these . The first time there were no other remotes with these features at the price . The laser failed after about a year . I bought a second one and the laser failed after about two months . Its awkward to turn the laser on to begin with . The scroll is very touchy and easy to advance a couple of slides instead of one.I see now there are other remotes available so I am going to try my luck elsewhere .
 I have had this remote for a couple of weeks and I 've tried to use it in presentations twice . Both times it worked fine for a little while and then stopped working . I 'm sending it back for a refund .
 This is my second rf remote . I purchased Keyspan model because of smaller receiver size -LRB- as compared to the remote from Mind Path -RRB- . That was a big mistake - buttons positioned uncomfortably . Main button for advancing slides is on the side like Sony 's jog dial . During my talk I could never advance slides forward . Not recommended .
 On a Powerbook G4 running OS X Tiger , the software is needed if you have any intention of using the remote 's media functions . And good luck getting the software you need . The latest version of the presentation remote software is a corrupt file , and an older version of the software needed -LRB- that can be found only after some digging -RRB- will crash the machine and runs worse than if you ran the remote without the software . Ultimately , I just paid for a wireless mouse I can operate from my bed .
 It 's ok , nothing too special . There are better ones in the market
 This clicker is counterintuitive . You need to roll a roller toward you to advance the slide , and away from you to back up . When pressing the button for the laser , it is too easy to move the roller on the side accidentally , unintentionally advancing slides . It is also inconvenient , and takes too long , to start the laser pointer , which also requires two hands . Who came up with this ?
 I had the Keyspan plugged into the back of my computer which is set up next to my entertainment center . I wanted to be able to control the mouse on my 46 '' Samsung LCD screen from the couch , no more than 5-10 ft away , but it can not even pick up a signal from that distance to the back of my tower . I had to buy a USB 2.0 extension cord to run it up the back and on top of my entertainment center where I thought for sure it should be able to pick up the signal with near lossless accuracy , but no joy . The signal is better with the extension , but is still sporatic a lot of the time . The media button is a plus though , which is the only reason for the 2 stars . My advice would be to go for a 2.4 ghz , which is why I just ordered a Hiro 4-in-1 2.4 GHz Chrome WIFI Presenter , which I hope is far less disappointing .
 There are so few buttons on this thing . Who would have thunk you would need to keep the directions because the obvious buttons are not the ones you need to use to advance a slide on a PowerPoint presentation.I also still have no idea if it actually turns off or if I just have to take out the battery . You really get what you pay for here -LRB- very little -RRB- . That is not to say it does not work . It works fine . It just has some major design flaws .
 ... plastic , ... - feeling buttons , and a totally unergonomic design make this remote hopeless in my opinion . The biggest problem is a FAT mouse-pointer button that is stuck between the forward/reverse buttons and the TINY laser pointer button . Since the laser pointer + forward buttons are the most often used in a presentation , the presence of this FAT mouse-pointer is just an invitation to accidently bump -LRB- and reveal -RRB- the mouse pointer on-screen . Ever wonder why the simplest remotes -LRB- 4 buttons , no frills -RRB- cost more ? Because these are easy to use !! Do n't make the mistake I did . Buy a different remote!This remote can also control Windows Media Player through a complex set of key sequences and ... - feeling wheel on the side to control volume . Yippee .
 The PR-US2 was an excellent presentation remote until it stopped working after a few years of very light use . The issue may be with the USB unit , as the remote appears to function fine with a new battery . I see other users have had the same issue . If you do n't want to take a chance on buying a very expensive laser pointer , buy something else .
 This presentation remote is the bane of my existence . It presents a dizzying array of buttons , none of which you can click with confidence , knowing that you will advance to the next slide . Perhaps the designers of this remote thought of this as a feature
 Worked sporadically , then the RF drive disappeared and it was useless . In our environment we have several people sharing a room and equipment . My staff give much higher ratings of the Kensington Presenter with Laser Pointer -LRB- Staples # Kensington - KMW33374 -RRB- with the RF stores in the unit itself when not in use .
 The presentation remote worked well . It provided good control of forward and backword motion for Powerpoint presentations . The RF technology did eliminate the need for line of sight operation . I really enjoyed using the product . Then one day , at the start of a presentation , it quit working . I assumed the battery had died , no one happened to have the special battery on hand , so I put it away.Later , I tracked down another battery for the device , put it in , and nothing happened . I checked voltage levels and the battery was fresh . So , I contacted Keyspan for warranty help . And after 3 weeks have not recieved any response.Hopefully , someday , they 'll respond and fix the device . Without the service problems , I 'd give the device a 4 . With them , it seems your choice is to purchase and hope it does n't break .
 I 've given up using this product because it is just not consistent enough . It will work well for short periods , but then I have to click the button repeatedly for a slide to move forward . Sometimes only every third click will work , which is very annoying when you are standing in front of an audience and talking about what is about to appear . This has happened in several talks , so I doubt it is anything to do with RF fields in particular environments . Obviously , the product is not designed with a high-reliability wireless protocol.Other problems are the complex method for turning on the laser pointer , the rather low brightness of the laser pointer , and the non-standard choice of battery . Some things are very nice , such as the small travel size and weight and the fact that absolutely no setup is required -LRB- one of the only true plug-and-play products I 've seen -RRB- . Its too bad that this was taken to market without getting all the details right .
 I first heard about this product from another instructor at the school that I work at . After trying it once , I immediately went out and bought it.I used it for one semester and experienced some of the same problems that others have ; draining the battery in the carrying case and difficulty with the laser pointer . Now , after only one semester -LRB- 16 weeks -RRB- the back button on the front and side is not working at all.I sent an e-mail to Keyspan , but have yet to hear a response . If this is the type of service and performance we can expect from them , then who is their competitor ? My initial thought was to buy another one , but I do n't want to give money to a company that is n't going to back up their product.I love the product and the idea , it was great when it worked , but I do n't think that I will be buying any future Keyspan products because of the lack of customer support and the short life span of a workable product .
 Teaching with a presentation remote is a declaration of freedom . No longer having to seat in front of the computer to flip through my Keynote or PowerPoint presentations allows for more participative discussion . The Keyspan 's cluttered yet complete interface provides all the functions of the competition at a fraction of the price . Moving the cursor , flipping pages , laser-pointing ... It 's all there . Regrettably , it only worked for just three months . I even changed the battery -LRB- a very expensive and even more difficult to find 3v model -RRB- but nothing happened . It turns out the original battery was still fully charged.In conclusion
 This unit lacks basic functionality for plug and play . The buttons are designed to be &#34; left &#34; and &#34; right &#34; clicks . This is fine ... Unless you want to go back a slide using PowerPoint or keynotes.Other basic presentation remotes offer the different key functions making presenting easier for all parties involved .
 This is my second rf remote . I purchased Keyspan model because of smaller receiver size -LRB- as compared to the remote from Mind Path -RRB- . That was a big mistake - buttons positioned uncomfortably . Main button for advancing slides is on the side like Sony 's jog dial . During my talk I could never advance slides forward . Not recommended .
 The buttons on the remote , although many , are not useful . The only button we use -LRB- to advance or back up slides in a presentation -RRB- was difficult to use , poorly located , unreliable . NOT a good selection
 The side button is not strong enough . I accidentally dropped this remote from a waist-height and the side button just broke off on impact , rendering the whole thing useless . Granted , I could reconfigure the other buttons to serve the same functions the side button performed , but the side button is INDISPENSABLE to reset the wireless signal in case of interference or when the battery is removed . It is unfortunate that I only got to use it for 3 days . I can still use the laser pointer though , but it is not worth it .
 Calculator is great if it works . I 've had to return 2 so far . The third one is working nicely .
 The product came not working . The last digit on the LCD always says 8 . I called the company and they said to return it to them and were relatively nice over the phone but I would not purchase from this company again .
 While it is calendar pages , this product was very dissapointing as that 's all it is , a few sheets of loose paper with dates printed on it . Not even a cheap pad behind it and not even bound together . If I had known , I would have just used the calendar that came with the desk pad I had to buy to hold these pages together . It was better quality .
 Hog Wild Fridge Pins are way over priced and a few had the magnets have fallen out of the plastic . This was very disappointing , I had waited a long time to buy these . Strangely enough I found cheaper ones at Kmart with larger and stronger magnets . For the price of $ 1.49 you can get an 8 pack at Kmart .
 This product is cheap , and of shoddy construction - purchased about 4.5 months ago and right arm of chair literally snapped offThis produst is cheaply made , and you get what you pay for.Contacting warranty support is a nightmare
 This product is cheap , but if you have hardtime assembling , it 's not for you . First , did n't even camewith instructions . Second , to assemble it you need to work on8 different parts , many should be screwed in using Elm-headscrews . Do n't attempt without an electronic screwdriver ! Some ofthe screwes are really hard to put in.This produst is cheaply made , but it * is * cheap . You getwhat you pay for .
 I 've bought binders from wal-mart for 75cents that were better quality than these binders.The plastic tag for labels was n't even aligned to the binder , they were sticking outside the binder so I tried to pull it out since it looked bad , but that ripped the outside portion of the binder .
 I work in a radio station . I archive dozens of CD 's a day . I got this to make clean neat CD 's , but I ca n't find a CD it will print to . I 've tried about a dozen different types of disc w / different surfaces , and the ink does n't stick to anything . Plus , the layout options are shockingly limited , and any text of length has to be the smallest possible font.If your choice is this or a sharpie , I 'd go for the sharpie .
 I was disappointed that you need special disks , but even after that , the printing is mediocre , just below standards that is should be . The software is not that user friendly , frankly might as well stick with the black magic markers , for the money spent , a true dissapointment .
 Do I need special cds for this casio or can i purchase any cd and it will work ?
 I bought this item from another vendor , and had the same problem as another individual did earlier . Every time the device printed , the tape cassette , which is somewhat like an audiocassette or VHS tape , did not spool properly . So , after printing there 's a mess of tape outside the cartridge . One can manually wind the cassette , but this gets old quickly . I called Casio and they felt this was a malfunctioning unit . They offered repair or possibly replacement , but encouraged me to call the original vendor . Although I set this up just outside the vendors 30 day return window , they honored the 30 day policy and offered to refund or replace . I chose the replacement , because from what few letters I did see , the quality was nice , and worthy of a second chance . If you buy this , make sure you follow the guidelines for setting up the device , and I 'd also recommend not waiting 30 days to test the unit ! Also , use CD 's or DVD 's that are printable with thermal transfer printers , as this is
 I 've been doing adhesive disk lables for a long time and thought it would be a great idea to print directly on the CD/DVD 's . The first one I got delivered , broke on the first try to print
 Recieved it today ... had to try it ... unpacked and installed ok ... printed first line ok . . then i had to take out ink ribbon and rewind it every time for each line . . ribbon seems to stick to disk . . very unhappy
 I am very diappointed in this phone because we 've had nothing but problems with it . We 've already sent it back once because it would n't turn on . We got the optional dual battery and it did n't fit in the base -LRB- I think they sent the wrong battery -RRB- so we ca n't use that . The new phone they sent us is now cutting out on us and is also not turning on and also echoes a lot . The good things about this phone are the range and it has a lot of features but what good are features when the stupid thing wo n't turn on ! We purchased ours from cordlessguys and they 've been horrible to deal with . -LRB- We 're still waiting for the correct spare battery , 6 + months . -RRB-
 I , m in the process of returning the phone.There are so many things wrong with this phone.One of the worst things is that i get this high pitched noise once in a while , then you get somewhat of an echo , then the ear section is uncomfortable.I , m going to try a sony now and i hope it works out . p.s.My 10 channel phone was 10 times better than this one
 I 've had this phone for just about a year . When it works it 's great . Good audio quality , very long range -LRB- 2 city blocks or more -RRB- , caller ID works perfectly . However , it frequently loses contact with the base unit . When it does the handset insists on beeping incessantly - no way to stop it unless I remove the battery . There seems to be no good way of forcing it to re-establish contact with the base unit . This is extremely irritating and I will be replacing this unit soon . And I will not purchase another V-Tech .
 Despite what the box says , I 've had lots of problems with this product when laminating small-sized business cards and photos . I 've wasted * lots * of the laminating `` film '' trying to get it to work on small items , and am preparing to return this item . Larger items come out very nicely however , so it might work better for other users .
 When I got this it worked OK and gave me B - type results . That 's fine , because I was just using it around the house for miscellaneous stuff so I did n't need quality . Then , after only 3 months , * poof * , no power . The unit is dead . Too much hassle to go through Brother Inc. for warranty -LRB- pay S & H charges , wait 3 lifetimes to get it back refurbed , etc. -RRB- .
 I had to bring mine back the same day . Lamination Inkjet prints results in thousands of tiny tiny bubbles , visible only close-up , not from 3 feet away . But The image contrast is thereby ruined , and closeup viewing will reveal the horrable quality . For Inkjet Photo lamination only HOT lamination will do a perfect job , but that requires a photo quality HOT laminator .
 I would n't recommend this product to anyone looking for a professional finish . The cool laminating process often leaves a sticky residue . Brother customer service says that this is way it is and rubbing alchol may remove `` some '' of the residue . My experience was unsatisfactory with removing the sticky stuff .
 Although the description listed for this item by Amazon clearly states these are LINED Post-its , the item I received was the PRINTS ! -LRB- Printed Notes -RRB- per the manufacturer 's packaging/wrap . For some reason , Amazon placed their own UPC label on the back of the manufacturer 's packaging -LRB- over their UPC -RRB- that incorrectly lists the description as LINED . Until this is corrected , I imagine you will not receive the product you are trying to order . Lack of lines aside , the colors were also nothing like what was pictured . Still , I could have lived with that if they had lines ...
 I was hoping that I could stick these on my moving boxes to organize our belongings but alas , these are not sticky enough to stay on the outside of the box so I 'm having to tape them on with packing tape . If you were just using these on paper , they would be fine .
 This is NOT a Jim Benton product . Jim Benton does It 's Happy Bunny , Dear Dumb Diary . Meanydoodles , Franny K Stein , jOkObO and lots of other stuff available on Amazon.com . But not this . How do I know ? I 'm Jim Benton .
 These notebooks are famous because a lot of famous people used them . I guess that 90 years ago , these kinds of notebooks were the only reliable notebooks compared to the foolscap that most people wrote on for everyday stuff . The notebook itself is unspectacular - you get some number of ivory pages , narrow-ruled , acid-free paper -LRB- you can get this almsot anywhere -RRB- and a moleskine cover , which just seems like vinyl in texture and thickness . The notebook is glued on the binding , which means it wo n't lie flat when you open it unless you force the spine and it has a flimsy elastic band to keep it closed.Note that this is designed in Italy , but made in China ... you can get any number of other sketch or notebooks that have equal quality and cost less than this . A cheaper notebook might not be designed in Italy , but you can at least have acid-free paper and a few extra dollars in your pocket.However , if you enjoy paying for the Moleskin name so you can be seen at Starbuck 's trendily eschewing the laptop for primitive technology -LRB- `` I 'm OLD school ... a REAL writer ! '' -RRB- , then you 'll want a case of these .
 The Avery clowns have switched to a thinner lower quality paper . You might as well us 24 LB paper . This is crapola .
 The Avery clowns have switched to a thinner lower quality paper . You might as well us 24 LB paper . This is crapola .
 I prefer a plan book that is simple ... this is oversized and takes up too much room on my desk . It also has a lot of pages I 'm not interested in . I ended up giving it away and getting a simpler plan book .
 It 's okay - it does give you plenty of writing space but if you want convenience then Save your money - invest in a laptop .
 This item worked for about 2 weeks , then stopped . I narrowed the problem down to the software , which is not manufactured by Interlink . I went to the Interlink and software website , finding minimal info and no software updates . I followed their instructions , repeatedly , and still I can not get the software to work.The remote supposedly will work without the software , as a remote mouse . It wo n't even do that.The remote itself is beautiful and handles well . Nice laser pointer and good function key placement . I especially like the rubber coating.I have used various IR and RF remotes while doing presentations . My job is training . This remote is great , but less useful than a rock , with this software.I 'm very surprised Interlink makes such great remotes , but has such poor software and support for the software .
 Item would not work consistently even with new drivers downloaded from the manufacturer . Programmable keys lose their programming . Had to return the item .
 This sounded like a great idea . My son has one and loves it . I have not been able to get comfortable using it .
 I bought the this manufacturer label maker specifically because they make iron on labels . After just one wash the labels for my child 's clothes are already fading ! I am curious if anyone else has this experience . For me it has not worked as anticipated and has been a let down .
 I 'll try not to call this machine what I want to call it . I bought this to label the drawers on a large tool box . Amazon got it here the next day after ordering it , but that was the best part . I read the instrutions well , and printed the first `` Screwdrivers '' label within minutes . Then `` Box Wrenches '' and `` Open Wrenches '' just dandy . After affixing the 3rd label I returned to the machine to start the next one . The QX50 would NOT accept any input . I removed the batteries for 5 minutes like the instructions said then re-installed them . Still no input , the the QX50 started to print out `` 000HE 001HE 010HE 100HE 101HE 111P '' Ok I thought . Again it wil not accept input . So I adjusted it with a 1lb . hand sledge hammer and slid it in the trash can . Some things are just JUNK .
 I also bought this device after the GTD book . That was the first one I found in the store . I regret I bought this particular device . There are two major issues each cost some stars in review and 3 minor issues :1 . MAJOR . If you try to delete the whole phrase to type into a new one , you will restore all manufacturer settings for the device . That means the font size and width will be set to the maximum one . There is no way to clear the screen by pressing one combination of buttons without this side effect . To keep your settings you need to delete each symbol one by one . Period . I worked on it hard , there is no such an option . It is just terribly inconvenient and cost 2 stars from my review . It will not bother those who like the most wide fonts that eat all your tape very fast though .2 . MAJOR . Dymo paper tape is of a not very good quality . It does not stay on folders pretty much and if you implement a reference system from GTD , you are going to use folder pretty often . It will make labels to come unstuck and look ugly . Cost one star of my review . You can fix it buying more expensive plastic tapes as I do .3 . MINOR . Tape is cut not even . It has a clear angle on my device . It does not look too accurate . Maybe you will be more lucky with cuts ... 4 . MINOR . Tapes are expensive . I payed $ 6 or more for a plastic tape . You can buy 2 of paper tapes for $ 7 + but they suck . It is funny when a tape price is comparable with the device price .5 . MINOR but bothering . It has a CapsLock though it does not have a shift -LRB- I mean normal Shift , not what they call Shift -RRB- button that will allow you to print capital letters without Caps Locking.The device has many options for choosing different fonts and pretty symbols like a heart sigh or whatever . It has 4 different setting for width of fonts and many settings for different shapes . The print and cut buttons are very convenient . You may buy it if you want to though I do not recommend.Next time if I would have to buy one , I will look for another brand .
 It 's a leaker ... I need to keep the spout over a small container or it drips all over everything .
 This gun is a total disappointment . I expected more out of Dremel . I was wrong.This glue gun drips and wastes glue MORE than the cheap $ 5 one we were hoping to replace .
 I thought the gun would be great as the Dremel brand is generally good stuff , but the trigger lever is connected with only about a sixteenth of an inch of plastic and soon snaps leaving you with no choice to push the glue stick through with your other hand -- that is until you replace the gun and throw it in the trash .
 bought this brand of glue gun first because of the name and second because of the price , sadly the description of it being dripless was so false having owned different glue guns in the past for my business , it was time to replace , so i did some research and this model just stood out from the rest . could not believe the amount of glue it drips when just idle or warming up , unlike any other glue guns i have owned ! sadly to say , because the brand name is so recognized for such great products , not this on !
 The anti drip feature does n't really work at all . I bought it to replace my old Stanley GR25 , which I 'm going back to . Even when the Dremel 1200 is use as directed , gobs of glue continue to pour out and makes a mess of the project . The old Stanley stopped instantly with no residue drip .
 This thing leaks like no other.Even on the Low setting its like you are lightly pressing the trigger even when you are n't . Its EXTREMELY messy and wasteful . I am about to print the return info now , because this is unacceptable . I have a generic Chinese brand hot glue gun that cost $ 10 that does a better job than this thing .
 Purchase this for my wife . She never complained , as it was a gift , but after observing the operation first hand , I found it to be a disaster . Looks like evrybody has the same problem . For every stick used , I figure you waste at least 3 sticks . Shame on you Dremel ! Looks good , but performs terribly .
 I did not buy this from Amazon.com . It was bought at a local store . I used it for about 6 hours total over 6 days . It will no longer turn on using either setting . I 've tried unplugging , waiting hours to try to use it again , everything I can think of and nothing will resurrect it . I love dremel 's rotary tool , I own two of them for different purposes . Due to the quality and use I 've had out of the rotary tool , I thought I was making a sound decision to purchase this glue gun . If you 're thinking the same thing , DO N'T be fooled .
 I purchased this glue gun after it was featured on the Martha Stewart Show and I was impressed with the following features
 I do n't know if I 'm doing something wrong , but the glue gun constantly drips large puddles of glue while it sits in its harness . I may send it back .
 My husband gave me this as a gift one year and it has never worked properly . I should have returned it , but thought I might be using it wrong . It 's only gotten worse . When I hold the trigger , it wo n't feed the glue through . I have to use one hand to push the glue stick through the back while holding the gun . It 's a huge pain and i 'm going to buy a different one .
 I give this a 2 star rating because , the light at the tip is a great feature and the glue gun is comfortable in your hand . The main problem is that this glue gun uses more glue after you use it than when your using it . IT DRIPS GLUE LIKE NO OTHER . Glue sticks are expensive so spend your money on a surebonder or something else .
 The control of PowerPoint is excellet except the blank screen button is often accidentally pressed during the presentation.The laser is very weak and dies often in the middle of a presentation-rather frustrating.I liked the flash memory initially , but found it troublesome because it takes extra time for the PC to recongnize it and a folder always pops up !
 SMK-Link VP4300 RemotePoint Presenter - Special EditionI have one , it worked beautifully , until my computer started crashing after 30 mins DURING powerpoint presentation , after about more than 1/2 dozen crashes and rebooting computer in midst of a presentation , I decided to not use this particular remote and the computer crashes stopped !
 Bought this gun hoping that it would give me great glue . The shape , fit , feel are all very comfortable . Switchable hi/low switch separate from on/off switch was great . Color changing LED to tell you when it 's ready was great . Trigger and glue feed work really well . My gripes and they 're big
 This glue gun seems to be sturdy and is very comfortable , however , the glue runs out of the tip non stop . My personal use for it requires that it dispense very small amounts of glue at a time , and glue was everywhere by the time I was done . Within one hour there was a glob of glue on my stand I use the size of ping pong ball .
 I 've had 2 of these , both dripped like mad and one never applied glue smoothly . Both of them broke internally so the trigger no longer works after a few weeks . If you need a gun that you plan to use , buy something else . If you want a gun to look good and you plan to use it very little , this might be the one for you . I wo n't get another one .
 I bought this when last in the states and wish I could return it - but not worth the shipping * Does not play well with others - constantly screwing up settings and if you use it will minimize the Skype window . * Poor user manual - looks like an after thought * No support on the web page * The concept is great -- The performance sucks !!! - I suspect the problem is the software - I am using a Thinkpad and XP and it just does not work well at allBOTTOM LINE - DO NOT BUY
 All of the pre bore holes were poorly drilled , making it hard for the screws to go in . And the table top had no bored holes at all or no nails long enough to attach it myself !! The table top is just resting ontop of the frame with no attachment . Gratfully I have it in a corner so the surrounding walls keep it from falling off . Major dissappointment !!!
 I 've purchased the product several times and in the past I would have given it 5 stars.However , this latest shipment was a bit different from past ones . The card do n't separate well in the latest shipment ; the perforations do n't seem deep enough . Also , one side is glossy/plastic and it peels where the perforations are n't complete.So , the last shipment is almost unacceptable . The prior were excellent . My rating of 2 stars is a compromise .
 We got these for my mother who is suffering from the early stages of alzimer 's disease so she could make useful notes about the things in her apartment , such as who people in family photos were , last feeding time for her clownfish , etc.The problem is that these notes are too easy to tamper with . There is absolutely no evidence that a note has been unstuck and re-stuck to something else . Because my satan spawn nephew has a mean sense of humor my mother now thinks I am her dead husband and cries and cries every time I mention Liz , my girlfriend . She 's so confused and all I can do is switch the notes back and wait a week.I do not recommend these notes at all .
 I had one of these a couple of decades ago and I could not remember why I stopped using it . I remember now . The knee cushion is not comfortable for sitting any longer than about 10 minutes . The chair is clunky and hard to move on the floor without picking is up . I will say the handle bars on the side are a big improvement over my earlier version .
 This chair is really uncomfortable . I tried to get used to it for two months , unfortunately with no luck . Save yourself all that pain and simply get a conventional chair .
 Although a well made , sturdy piece of furniture , after having owned it less than a month , I am convinced that although it seems like a good idea , the chair is n't very comfortable , and though it might help with back-pain sufferers who have a tendency to slouch , the seat and `` knee cushion '' are uncomfortable after sitting for longer than a half-hour . My advice ? Spend the 100 bucks on a decent `` traditional '' computer chair .
 The dictionary is not comprehensive enough , especially to the one whose english is not the first language .
 I purchased the Franklin MWD-450 because my old Franklin -LRB- jumble & crossword assistant -RRB- was stolen . I was told by Long Drugs that this Franklin MWD-450 was better than my old model . WRONG . It was worse than the old model . There is n't any jumble in the model . One of my old STAR crossword puzzles on my old model aided me on 87 words . The MWD-450 came up with only 33 words . This model maybe good on small words but overall I would rate this model much less than ONE star . I would suggest all buyers purchase a different model from another company that is made in America , not CHINA.Bill Scott
 Review of Franklin/Merriam-Webster 's MWD-450 and MWD-1440 electronic dictionaries1 . Lookups are slow on the MWD-450 -LRB- 4-8 seconds is typical -RRB- ; response times are much better on the MWD-1440 .2 . Definitions are shorter and simpler -LRB- often over simplified -RRB- on the MWD-450 . The MWD-450 is probably better for a younger child -LRB- under 12 -RRB- , while the MWD-1440 should be better for teenagers .3 . The MWD-450 is missing many literary words and also some words that are important for understanding current events -LRB- e.g. , `` anti-Semitism '' and `` globalism '' -RRB- . The MWD-1440 's dictionary , which is somewhat larger , contains `` anti-Semitism '' but not `` globalism '' .4 . Displays on the two models have the same physical size , but the MWD-1440 displays more lines -LRB- 5 lines instead of 3 -RRB- using smaller and somewhat harder-to-read text .5 . Related word forms are not always shown . Here are two examples : -LRB- A -RRB- If one looks up the word `` naive '' , the noun form is shown as `` naiveness '' . `` Naivete '' , which is preferrable to `` naiveness '' , is not listed as an alternative noun form . -LRB- One can , however , look up `` naivete '' separately -RRB- . -LRB- B -RRB- The MWD-450 recognizes `` auspices '' as a plural noun , but does not recognize the singular form `` auspice '' .6 . The MWD-1440 has a slightly better keyboard ; keys are squishy and badly shaped on the MWD-450 .7 . Given that the MWD-1440 is aimed at college students , the calculator mode should include a more complete set of calculator functions . In particular , x ^ y -LRB- exponentiation -RRB- , base-10 and base-e logarithms , and the sine and cosine functions should be provided .8 . On both models , the calculator mode would be easier to use if there were parentheses .9 . `` Connect 4 '' , which was one of the more interesting games on the MWD-400 , is not available on the newer MWD-450 and MWD-1440 .
 I decided to try one of these little handheld dictionaries to help me at home and work when I got stuck on a word or , had a question about the meaning . At first I was some what pleased with the unit except for the slowness of it . Half the words would have been looked up quicker in a regular dictionary ! Then , I started to become annoyed with the briefness of the definitions . A lot of the definitions are only a word or two and , leave you still wondering what the word means . My third and , final strike against it was the insufficent number of words it contains . It claims to have 80,000 words and , that may seem like a lot but , when the word you 're looking up is n't listed , it 's really not . Did I mention it was slow too ? It 's bad enough when you enter a word it knows but , if it 's unsure of the word , it takes literally forever before it comes up with a list of possible words!It shocks me that Merriam Webster would put there name on something like this ! If this unit was in the ten to fifteen dollar range , I would be able to overlook some of its flaws but , they average going price is around thirty dollars and for what you get , it 's just not worth it . Merriam Webster ought to take their name off this and , Franklin ought to go back to making sporting goods !
 I 'm in seventh grade and I bought this because i thought it might help me with my vocabulary and it had cool features . None of the definitions are good unless you look up a small word , as another person said . And the features ar cool but a lot of times the whole thing freezes . And then you lose all your information and settings . For example , It has place where you can put in people 's phone numbers . I had aout 20 and then it froze . I had to reset it and I lost all the numbers . I also lost all my settings -LRB- Time , Date , etc. -RRB- . For he most part , the games suck -LRB- the best ones are tic-tac-toe and hangman . Yeah , pretty sad . -RRB- Only decent thing is the calculator . It really only deserves 11/2 stars , but I 'll be nice and give two .
 The Franklin Dictionary is frankly a piece of junk ! My daughter received this item as a gift for Christmas and four months later , not working , even with new batteries .
 I read earlier reviews and tehy said it had problems with taking too much time to load a word but this dumb piece of junk had a cracked screen after having it a month . dont buy it it is a waste of $ 30
 The phone is sleek and beautiful to look at and has all the options I needed . However , the battery life is pathetic . 12 mins after taking the handset off the cradle it beeps for low battery . One battery like this I could excuse , but it happened with all 3 of my hand sets . VTech needs to improve battery life as none of my batteries held a charge . Pathetic .
 Pretty phone - worked for about a month , then the answering machine picks up once in a while , so for someone monitoring calls , setting the phone for two rings , four rings , two again , on , off , unplugging , replugging , trying the best possible placement of the phone in the cradle , checking the level of the base to make sure everything is sound , truly disappointed if this phone is actually this sensitive ... I ca n't help but wonder how many important calls I missed . I hear only the phone in a back room ring . There is no life in the Vtech - a light flickers for a moment on the led screen , but no ring on the crappy little Vtech . There is no pick up from the answering machine after two rings -LRB- where it 's set -RRB- , four rings , fifteen rings . I sit here , call my land line from my cell phone several times over and see this `` sexless '' -LRB- you said it had sex appeal -RRB- phone do nothing . I picked it up when my mother called , knowing she was calling - no rings , no answer machine . It took a minute for the connection , I said `` hello , hello , '' and then we connected after a pause . Vtech is just another tribute to planned obsolecense and consumerism , attached to your wallet like a disease . My best phone
 This phone has NEVER worked well since I got it . The reception is poor . It drops calls all the time . The phone has soo much static , and voice conversations are broken up . I tired both handsets and they both are terrible . It has a nice feel but the phone DOES NOT work well at all.Do not waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We replaced a phone with this one almost two years ago . We chose it because it was cordless , had speakerphone and DECT 6.0 -LRB- the only one that did at our local Staples at the time -RRB- . It was falling apart within months.The battery life is pitiful . The battery cover does n't stay on . The phone often slips out of its cradle or the whole thing will topple over . There are n't very many features and they are hard to access . I regret this purchase .
 The phone looks awesome - and that is where is stops.Had this phone fro about 2 yrs - and after 2-3 months of having it - it started malfunctioning1 . The phone would drain the battery - replaced battery 4 times and on my 5th one2 . The phone disconnects itself3 . Initially the sound quality was good - now it sucks - and people at times ca n't hear meWORSE OF ALL - and this is how I judge a company - EXTREMELY POOR CUSTOMER SUPPORT ! The company knew that this phone had issues since the very beginning but they do n't acknowledge and do n't want to do anything about it . 30 to 40 minutes to get to speak with a representative . Stay away.I will NEVER purchase a vtech phone .
 I bought this phone in 2007 for work purposes as I work from home with a separate line . The DECT 6.0 was a big influence on my purchase decision . My biggest complaint is that it does not hold a charge at all . This is not just annoying but embarrassing as I use it for work . It used to give a warning beep at least when the battery was running low but now just cuts off . I now can barely use it for 1/2 hour at a time . It does n't make me look professional to say the least . Any attempted use of speakerphone results in sudden death . The sound quality is not great and I have actually had interference from another person 's call on the line once -LRB- I am also using Vonage for this line so I 'm not sure if that 's the phone 's fault ?! I thought that 's what DECT was for though -RRB- . I 've ordered the replacement battery and if that does n't sort it out will be replacing it but I 'm not impressed with vtech based on this . Sounds like a known fault with this phone and I hate waste !
 The phone worked well at first . I was very pleased and bought 2 more phones for family . But after about 1 year use it fell apart . The battery is useless and only lasts a year . After that you need to buy another battery which is very hard to find . I had to order it online . Recently the phone has been dropping calls and I must replace the phone . As for the other 2 phones I purchased I am waiting to see . They are n't a year old yet . Good phone for one year .
 I purchased this phone a couple months ago and it is horrible . The battery does n't last through a 30 minute phone call . It constantly dies and has to be replaced on the charging base . I ended up buying a regular phone that plugs into the wall because this one is basically junk . I 'm going to do my research and purchase a cordless phone that works . I do not recommend this phone unless you can afford the purchase of new batteries every month ... . as other reviews point out , it 's pretty , but does n't hold a charge .
 This phone has a bug . Sometimes when you answer it the battery drops to zero and you ca n't talk to whoever has just called you ! And you ca n't call them right back because you have to wait for the handset to charge again . Also , you ca n't take the phone off it 's cradle for any amount of time , like if you 're expecting a call , without the battery draining within about 5 or 10 minutes . Customer support is non-existent . Sound is just fine though .
 The phone has an absolutely horrible battery . It has a total talk time of about an hour . And even if the phone is n't being used but is out of it 's cradle it will promptly die within an hour . Do n't waste your money on this phone !!!
 I wish I would have read these reviews before buying this phone . After charging the phone overnight , and talking on it for only five minutes the battery starts beeping for low battery . Wish I would have kept my receipt so I could take it back . I think I 'll just have to buy a new phone .
 After charging for 16 hours , battery ran out of juice after 30 minutes on the phone . This is unacceptable . Other than that , it would be nice to be able to plug in a headset.will be returning the product .
 The phone is great as far as sound quality . However the battery life is terrible . Also there is no battery life indicator to let you know when its low . You can see a battery icon only while the phone is on the charger . Even then it does n't indicate full or low . Only that its charging . It dies after being off the charger for only 12 hrs . Talk time is like 2.5 hrs . I just returned it . Uniden is much better for battery life .
 This phone should not have made it to market , the phone will not hold a charge for 5 minutes after sitting on base for over 24hrs . I replaced batteries repeatedly with no help . Now it is going in the garbage . Vtech hurt their brand with this model , I will never purchase vtech in the future .
 I bought the single phone/ans machine a couple of years ago because it looks very cool -LRB- at least it did for a while -RRB- and was 6.0 . When brand new it worked great for about a year . I 'd say the sound was particularly clear and crisp . Very good sound , and I could wander all around my house , inside and out and still hear very clearly . You ca n't really do the hands free shoulder prop with it either . At least I could n't . And you do need to be careful about placing the handset properly in the cradle.Then the cool little blue lit numbers on the handset started fading and getting blotchy . Oh well . I did n't care much . But then the battery life went WAY down . At first I heard warning beeps so I could tell whoever I was talking to not to be surprised when the phone died . But even that went away , now it just dies all together . The battery display on full allows me to talk about 20 minutes and then the phone dies . Gonzo ; shuts off . Back to the cradle to charge for hours and then the cycle begins anew with each call.Anyway , I went shopping for a new battery . Found them priced from $ 4 to $ 23 . Wow . So I decided to simply buy a new phone . I bought a Uniden with an extra handset and charging cradle . I 'm only using the base and one phone -LRB- I figure I have that extra battery if I ever need it , lol -RRB- . The sound quality on the new phone is n't as good ... plenty loud , but ca n't turn it down low enough if you can believe that.Anyway , I guess I 'm not alone in being disappointed with the Vtech phone . I just could n't see investing in a new battery in hopes the phone would improve . So it 's history at my house !
 This phone is so bad its almost funny ... its not funny though it makes me want to pull my hair out actually.its not clear at all , like I cant figure out how to turn the volume down , if its even possible , or turn the ringer off . so it wakes my baby up all the time . when I press the numbers there is a delay , like it takes 2 full seconds to press each number . so annoying . and after I use it , if I do n't go put it back on the charger within 2 minutes or less , it wont work!DONT BUY THIS PHONE ! now I have to go find the time to go get a decent one .
 When the phone rings , it is incredibly loud . If you let the answering machine pick it up , the loudest volume on it is incredible low . -LRB- very frustrating -RRB- . Sometimes when people call , I ca n't hear them well . Sometimes the same person , calling from the same phone can be heard fine . This person is not talking quietly either . Very frustrating . Now it is not holding a charge for 20 minute conversations . I 'm shopping for another one now .
 I just bought this cordless like a month ago and all of a sudden it stops ringing on incoming calls ... . for no reason . I called the customer service line and they told me that there might be some sort of electrical device thats interfering with the phone . The only thing I have close to it is an ordinary fan 3 feet away . I know the motor in the fan outputs low level static and EMP but I mean come on . A FAN ?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME ?! I still refuse to believe that thats the problem . Please i hope not ...
 The phone looks cool , but the battery life is awful . It wo n't even last a day without the battery dying . You ca n't leave the phone off the hook during the day and expect it to work when you get home .
 Sure this phone looks great but it 's horrible . The sound quality is awful and breaks during conversation . The battery does n't hold a charge at all ! I would never buy this phone again ! What a waste of money ! I only give it one star because it does look cool but that 's about it . I 'm shopping for a new phone right now .
 Overall the phone works ok , but I was expecting more from the product . Negative / dissapointing issues include the fact that there is no speakerphone in the base , only in the handset . When left on the base the handset overheats . The microphone quality is not what I was expecting , sometimes with the volume too low even though is in max.The handset has time and date , but the screen is an old liquid crystal one , so it 's barely visible unless you actually press a button and a light turns on.And most dissapointing , you ca n't record while using the phone , like most wireless phones with answering machines , feature I used a lot when I needed to take notes and had no pens around .
 The phone looks cool , but it stops there.The battery does not hold charge and VTECH customer support has repeatedly ignored requests for a replacement . I would shop other phones . This has been a disaster of an experience.The sound quality is also poor .
 I 'm so disappointed . This phone looks really cool it has all of the features I was looking for , but the sound is poor . There is constantly static . I 'm returning it and I do n't recommend it to others . Do n't be fooled by the sleek design .
 When i first got the phone , the directions stated to charge each phone for 12 hours before use . So I did just that . For the first few months we noticed that the phones would die if you left it off the base for more than an hour . After about 6 months , we lost one of the phones in the couch for awhile , found it , and put it back on the charger but it wo n't come back on at all now . After a year we only have one handset that will charge but you can only talk for about 20-30 min before it dies . This is by far the worst product I have ever purchased . I will never purchase another vtech product as long as I live . I do n't care if it is a vtech door stopper ; I just do not trust their products anymore .
 After a few months of use this phone does not hold any charge at all . What does that mean , as long as it 's not docked you wont be able to take any calls ... I am looking at another phone right now . Very disappointed ...
 I 'm writing this review on July 27 , 2008 . I purchased this phone on July 30 , 2007 and have been unhappy with it for the last four months.The phone has developed a habit of losing it 's connection to the base . When the phone is picked up from it 's cradle and I press the button to talk , there is no dial tone . The handset will read `` searching for base '' or `` unable to connect . '' I must unplug the phone then plug it back in to be able to dial a number or speak on the handset.At first this behavior was intermittent , maybe once a month . Now it happens every two days . This is unacceptable in any phone made in the twenty-first century.Today I am buying a new phone . It wo n't be Vtech.BEWARE.BTW I COMPLETELY agree with what the other reviewers are saying about the very poor battery life .
 I am very disappointed with the range for this phone . I am unable to walk around my home and have a conversation on the phone because I get cut off then get a message OUT OF RANGE.I have used cordless phones that cost less than $ 50 that has more range than this phone.I wish I could get my money back so that I purchase the radio shack two line cordless .
 This phone has some nice features but missing some important quality . Issue number one
 Uniden promotes this 2-line cordless phone as having `` Incredible range and clarity '' . Unfortunately -LRB- perhaps wisely -RRB- they fail to give even a ballpark range of operation . In my home , this is quite limited . Approaching 20 to 25 feet from the base station , the signal is distorted and is annoying -LRB- at best -RRB- or fails.According to Uniden 's online and telephone customer support , the solution is simple
 I replaced a pretty serviceable VTech single line 5.8 GHz system with this Uniden 2 line system so I could accommodate my landline & new Vonage service . -LSB- The major benefit to true , duplex 5.8 GHz over 2.4 GHz systems is that 5.8 s should not be interfered with by wireless networks & other household signals . However , some advertised 5.8 GHz systems actually use 2.4 Ghz for their intercom and paging functions . -RSB- Anyway , I bought the base and 9 handsets . The base is in a central location -LRB- same place the V-Tech was -RRB- and none of the handsets is more than 100 feet from the base . The results
 Phone has excellent sound as long as you are in the same room as the base . Get over 25 ' away and it looses signal altogether . I am sending it back . My old 900mhz phone has about 5 times the range . Just not a 2 line phone .
 The handset developed static and went `` out of range '' from the base from one end of my house to the other ... my house is not that big . For this kind of money I expect clear reception . By contrast , the 5.8 GHz GE phone I just picked up for $ 29.99 has only very slight static and maintains reception all through my house.As others have said , there is very little choice in 2-line 5.8 GHz phones ... Panasonic , Motorola , this Uniden , and Radio Shack which looks like is it this Uniden rebranded . I have not tried the others , but other users ' comments seem to echo the problems of this one . Rather than buy a multi-line expandable phone for over $ 200 , I have decided to simply buy 3 separate inexpensive 5.8 GHz phones for about $ 100 total until someone perfects this technology and/or more competitors enter the field .
 Overall this is good phone . However it does not support chain dialing . If you check the manual on Uniden 's website it says that chain dialing is supported . However , after I bought the phone , charged the battery for 20 hours and tried the chain dialing process in the manual ... it fails to work . The instructions tell you to press the `` phonebook '' key after speed dialing the first number . The problem is that the `` phonebook '' and `` mute '' are a shared key . Once you 've connected via the first speed dial the `` phonebook '' key is disabled and goes into mute mode . I confirmed this with the Uniden helpline .
 I bought this phone because we have an existing 2.4 Ghz phone and it is subject to interference from our wireless network . This phone is a piece of junk . They tell you it has excellent range but that is just not true . It cuts out on us from just one room away from our base station and it is virtually impossible to use from upstairs . You would be better off to stick with your existing phone or buy a 2.4 G phone because this one is completely useless . I ordered online and am out postage both directions and a 15 % restocking fee , but this pohne is completely useless.I read the only review that was posted when I purchased , but do n't believe it . It has to be a mfr . plant .
 Like the phone up to a couple of days ago.I try to make a call and I can not get it off recording.No Dial Tone . The suggestions in the trouble shootingmanual dont work and when I tried to call customer service , I get a revolving message that leads nowhere.After 20 minutes , I was able to get a hold of a repair tech.But was placed on hold again for a person that could help mewith this problem.Maybe I just dont understand the instructions , I do n't know.But I do know that CUSTOMER SERVICE DOESNT EXIST.GOOD LUCK TO ANYONE THAT MAY REQUIRE THEIR ASSISTANCE .
 This phones has great features , but very poor sound quality . Mostly sounds like you 're in a tunnel even when in the same room as the base . The range is also extremely poor . Bought an extention to add on and ca n't use it in the next room without constantly cutting out . All in all , this phone stinks .
 You hear echo all the timeThe signal is really bad , even inside my house there is interference.Don ' t buy it !
 I Just recieved this new phone . Features & Audio Quality are very Good . There is a little bit of echo as described by other Buyers . But my biggest complaint is the range . I only get about 40-50 ft. at best before this phone starts breaking up . Verydissapointed in the range of it in my house . My old uniden 900 SST went a block in a half for rang . This phone barely makes it out to my back Yard . If all the new 5.8 GHZ . are this way , thengive me the 900 Mhz . anyday of the Week . I hope Uniden & othermanufacturers are paying attention . Bob S.
 Feature-wise , this is a nice system . Cool display , nice feel , useful features -LRB- e.g. Do not disturb , Room monitor , Direct link , 2-line support -RRB- . However , the SOUND QUALITY -LRB- via handset -RRB- is VERY POOR , and RANGE is VERY LIMITED -LRB- voice begins to breakup long before `` Out of range '' occurs -RRB- . These two shortcomings render the phone a useless piece of junk . Good thing is that I can return it to the store.It 's amaizing how time goes by , but phone manufacturers keep churning out crappier and crappier phones . And they are not cheap either . Shame on them .
 This phone did not work out as well as I had hoped and I ended up returning it . I really wanted a 2-line system and one that wounld n't interfere with my wireless network . The Uniden had lots of nice features , but I noticed the sound started to breakup when I walked upstairs , less than 20 feet from the base station . When I took it into my backyard -LRB- one of the reasons I went for 5.8 GHz -RRB- , the signal was even worse , even though I was less than 50 feet away . The sound quality did n't seem good either - even in my living room , next to the base station , it sounded tinny . I 'm still looking for a 2-line phone . I 'm considering the Panasonic , but notice that it 's not too highly rated either .
 Voice quality is great - absolutely no interference , and reasonable range . Features are easy to figure out , the phone is comfortable to use , and the price is way better than the Siemens 8825 Gigaset I was hoping to replace.So why one star ? There 's a major shortcoming nobody has mentioned ... A very large number of my incoming calls have generic Caller ID identifier text . The name associated with the incoming number usually says something like `` Wireless Caller '' , `` Canada Call '' , or something else that gives no clue as to who is calling.I understand this is the only information the phone is receiving , but the phone is not smart enough to cross-reference incoming numbers with stored phone book entries . So ... even if you enter a number in the phonebook , and edit it so it has a meaningful name , the phone still displays the generic text when that caller calls.Every other caller id device I 've seen that has an integrated phonebook is smart enough to perform this type of conversion . What a waste ... an otherwise great phone , but it 's going back .
 The handset to the unit was DOA . Not a battery problem . Ordered an additional handset and that one would not take numbers in memory .
 Got the refurbished product on time . I already had the same product I was using and part of it stopped working . Got this one but the main phone will not hold a charge . The base unit works great . Combined my now two units and everything works now . I probably should have just shelled out for newer technology .
 I have this phone and have had it for 3-4 months ; I find the speaker phone to be terrible . I find that the volume cuts in and out and people can not hear you and you can not hear people . The problem is that this is inconsistant so on some calls it works fine but on most it does not . If you are looking for a good cordless phone , this one is great but as for a speakerphone you are better off opening the window and yelling
 Others reviewers have mentioned this as well . There is a lot of voice feedback of your own voice on Line 2 , making it almost unusable . For a phone that costs this much , this problem is completely unacceptable . It is a phone problem , as even if I swith the lines around , the feedback stays on Line 2 , instead of switching with the lines . Uniden customer service advised me to do a soft reset of the handset , but this did nothing . I exchanged the phone at the store , but the second one has the same problem . This is sad , because it is otherwise an excellent phone , and I hate to return it to the store.Wake up Uniden - fix this bug !
 Got this phone to work from home , along with 4 of my colleagues . The phone offers a very comprehensive set of features . We were also told it would work ok with a wireless network.The phone is difficult to use from the base station . The numbers are so close together it 's easy to punch the wrong button . I guess that 's the price you pay for having a small footprint , which the phone certainly has.The biggest problem we are finding is with the base unit . The speakerphone on the base cuts out , meaning large parts of conversations are missed . If it was just my phone I would have tried swapping it , but it 's three different phones being used in three different houses.Uniden support suggested this was probably due to phone placement . They say the phone should be at least 5-6 feet away from electrical appliances . We 're using the phones for work , which means within a few feet of a laptop computer . This seems to be the only common cause of the problem - unless the phones just have a flaw , but nobody else seems to have reported problems with the base unit speakerphone.It seems very odd that the problem is only with the base unit . I would have thought electrical interference -LRB- from a laptop -RRB- should affect the handset more , since it 's wireless , rather than the wired base unit . That does n't seem to be the case.One of my colleagues also reported ` garbled messages ' when using voicemail . Interesting to see other comments here about voicemail not working.The phone probably offers the best set of features compared to other similar phones . Unfortunately the speaker phone problem is proving to be such a pain we 're contemplating our options for returning the phones - hence only a 2 star rating .
 I purchased this phone based upon several good reviews , but the sound quality makes it a loser . It is difficult to understand the person talking on the other end , and having purchased it from an online vendor I am stuck with it . I will use it as a backup phone but it certainly can not garner my regular phone status .
 Static even when 5 feet away from base-station . Not sure if its the construction of the house , but the range is also very poor . Awaiting return .
 1 . The phones light up immediately and CID comes over on the callers second ring . But none of the phones ring on my end until the 3rd ring for the caller . So my second ring is their 5th and they hang up , if not go to voicemail .2 . When on one line and a call comes in on the other , the line that you are on cuts out with each ring.I called Uniden as per the retailer and it took them over 30 days to get back to me , even after repeated calls . That blew my ability to take the system back to the retailer . Then once I got someone at Uniden they basically said tough and that they just supply the phones and to take it back if I was not happy . Well because of Uniden it was too late.I work with a very large telecommunications company that `` use to '' use Uniden cordless units in their systems . Because of this incident and the fact that I was the final say , we now use other brands of gear . You blew it Uniden to the tune of millions . I will never buy another Uniden product .
 The phone does not work well with a voicemail . I had a 2-line panasonic cordless before with no problems . the service has been terrible . I returned the phone for service with Uniden . It was sent Back with the Same problem . We have notified Uniden about the Problem . Two month later we are still waiting for the shipping package . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE .
 After requesting my two items to be sent to a new address , I have yet to receive my order .
 Phone worked well out of box however compared to ATT 2 problems1 -RRB- can not turn off answering machine , longest option is 6 rings which is not enough in my household ; ATT phone has option of turning off answering machine .2 -RRB- when returning CID calls ; long distance numbers start with area code xxx-xxxx not 1-xxx-xxxx this means you have to write down number to return call ; ATT gives option to scroll down ; if CID is xxx-xxxx you can scroll to a menu that allows you to save or call back as 1-xxx-xxxx ; more than just a minor annoyance .
 ... Give me a break!Just out of curiousity , I bought a 5.8 GHz cordless at a local store and compared it to my trusty , twenty-dollar 900MHz Uniden.Guess what?The two phones sounded PRETTY MUCH THE SAME , in fact the 900MHz one was actually a little clearer in some parts of the house.I will say though , the 5.8 GHz phone does sound better than the disastrous 2.4 GHz Uniden I bought and returned last year . But this one 's going back too ... why pay more for what is basically the same performance?Again
 I purchased this phone to replace the Uniden EXI-7926 and like the other reviewers , was mostly satisfied and able to overlook some basic ease of use quirks . That was , until I noticed that the phone is unable to detect that a line is in use from a non Uniden phone . My primary reason for having 2 lines is so my wife can be on a call in the other room -LRB- from a non Uniden phone -RRB- and I can see this on the base or handset and choose to use the 2nd line without picking up and disturbing her call . I thought that this was the most basic of 2-line features . I guess Uniden thinks otherwise . Oh well , this one is going back .
 The TRU8866 looks great on paper . Here are the critical flaws ... Flaw # 1 -RRB- 5.8 Ghz - Bigger is not better when it comes to the frequency band . The range of these phones is poor in comparison to 2.4 GHz units I 've used . Ca n't walk outside to the mailbox without the connection becoming extremely choppy.Flaw # 2 -RRB- As mentioned by others , incoming calls on the 2nd line cause an audible beep which cuts off audio on line # 1 . This is n't very good , especially if -LRB- for example -RRB- you use line 1 for work and line 2 for home.Flaw # 3 -RRB- There is considerable crosstalk if both lines are being used . That 's real bad . I tested it with some friends , the good news is that the outgoing audio does n't get much crosstalk -LRB- so , people your calling on line 1 ca n't hear what is being said on line 2 -RRB- , BUT , YOU can hear audio on both lines . It 's faint , but very annoying.Flaw # 4 -RRB- After about 1 year , plan on tons of noise as the radio 's in the handsets start going out of tune . The higher the frequency band , the more susceptible radio circuits are to the effects of aging . I called Uniden about 14 months after purchase because one of my units has a very bad background hum , they would not repair . The 2nd unit developed the same hum after 16 months.Into the garbage they go.I will say that the features of these phones is great , the mechanical quality is good , battery life is good . But , the flaws outweigh that . I think I 'm sticking with Panasonic in the future .
 I was hesitant to purchase another Uniden phone , but my favorite manufacture , Panasonic , does not make a phone that has all the features I need . I have 2 voice over Internet -LRB- VoIP -RRB- lines with voicemail . This phone has problems detecting voice mail from either company I use no matter which voice mail detect setting is used on the phone . I do n't have this problem with my other phones . It also will not ring if you happen to be using line 2 when a call comes in on line 1 -LRB- though it works the other way -RRB- . I guess the voice quality is good , I did n't really use it that much other than testing.The ringer on the base station has three settings
 This review is being written after two years of use in a busy restaurant and bar , so I 've really put this system to the test . Though it has admirable voice quality , this system has so many quirks that it just should n't be considered as a primary business phone system . First and foremost , when you are on one of the lines speaking to a customer , and a call rings on the other line , the line you are speaking on gets constantly interrupted with momentary silencing of your voice so that the person on the other end of the line hears your voice dropping out every few seconds while the other line is ringing !!! This is an absolutely unforgivable flaw!Uniden tech support told me that there is no way to disable this quirk either . You just have to live with it . For shame!Also , once every few days , the phone system decides to reset itself without warning . So , the phone rings , you answer and it disconnects the person calling while you are greeted with the `` Welcome '' screen as the system resets itself . After about a minute or so , you 're able to receive calls again . As an added bonus , it occasionally screeches super loud feedback into your ear instead of connecting you to the call you are answering . Seriously , it hurts your eardrums something awful.The signal is VERY fussy too . It does n't like working when near metal objects like restaurant refrigerators and other large appliances , nor does it work very well if any masonry walls are between you and the base.Terrible phone system . I have a one line and two line phone system from Uniden and would n't recommend it to anyone . Stay clear of this poorly designed , clearly inferior product .
 There is a glaring problem with this phone from a business/home-office standpoint : When you are on one of the lines -LRB- speaking to a client for instance -RRB- and a call comes in on the other line , the line you are currently on gets constantly interrupted with `` bleeps '' that let you know a call is ringing on the other line . This would n't be too bad if it only bleeped to you in your ear , but what is unforgivable is that it momentarily mutes your voice so that the other party on the call hears your voice cutting out during each bleep !! I ca n't tell you how many times I 've been on a conference call when this is going on and the other people on the call start saying things like `` What did you say ? You 're cutting out '' or `` Something is wrong with your phone , your voice is getting muted every couple seconds '' . What happens on one line should not in any way affect the status of the call on the other line ! I called Uniden to see if there was any way to disable this `` feature '' and they said no and claimed that it was a privacy issue . How the heck is that a privacy issue ? I still have n't figured that one out ... The Uniden representative was unapologetic and unhelpful.This problem makes this phone practically unusable for business purposes and I am now shopping for a replacement .
 I bought this phone for Xmas , nice product but it came with a factory defect regarding to the range very limited , I just can use in the room of the base , I tried to talk with some one by phone -LRB- 1-800 of unidem -RRB- but no one answer just the electronic machine , I tried by the web and just received a email with a case number telling me that I will be contacted by some one soon , and I still waiting -LRB- march 31th -RRB- . Nice phone , worst company
 I have had this phone for almost a year , and am about to throw it away - the battery lasts for about half an hour , and then dies . Others have complained about this too , and yet panasonic has done nothing ? Unacceptable . And to make matters worse , I have , in the middle of a conference call , placed the handset -LRB- with a self-declared , imminently-failing battery -RRB- , on the charger in hopes that it would charge while the conference call was ongoing.It hung up.GRRRRRRR ! This is not what technology should be about . Instead of adding frustration , it should enable . This system is a great big GOOSE-EGG . DO NOT BUY IT .
 I agree with those who 've said the battery life for these phones suck . I do n't agree that buying a non-Panasonic battery improves battery life . I 'd actually like to make a phone call right now , but both my handsets are out of juice from an earlier call -LRB- 30 minutes long -RRB- in which I had to change handsets because the battery in the first one was drained . I also agree with the other reviewer who said the caller ID only works about half the time . Mine works more often than that , but I expect it to work 100 % of the time , and I 'd say mine works about 75 % . If you 're thinking of buying this phone , do yourself a favor and keep shopping .
 While this review is for the KX-TG2700 - it may apply to this phone as they look exactly alike and may be using the same battery.Okay , here 's how frustrated I am - I 've logged into Amazon just so that I can complain about this phone system.I purchased this system a little over a year ago and it has had two battery issues.The first was with the handset that came with the base station - it would not hold a charge . Panasonic support - which was good - informed me that they were aware of the problem . Apparently the battery was n't making solid contact so Panasonic sent me two pinky-sized pads with directions to stick them on the underside of the battery compartment . These pads were devised to assist with the seating of the battery and they seemed to work.Fast forward a year later - second issue : The handset is no longer holding a charge more than 20 minutes nor is the phone/clock radio -LRB- KX-TGA272 -RRB- . Normally , this would be annoying enough - but it gets better . Both phones go dead while showing 1/3 battery life remaining . This often happens while talking to someone . But my favorite part is when the phone/clock radio goes dead - it wipes out the time and alarm settings!So ... good luck with the batteries !
 This is a very poor product from Panasonic . I have always purchased Panasonic cordless phones and had great luck . This unit met all my specifications . I was so excited when I ordered it.You can not leave it off the charging station more than a couple hours or the batteries need to charge over night.Within 6 months 2 units were returned for repair . 6 months later they were bad again but the warranty was up.For the price I paid I should be writing a glowing review , instead I 'm telling you to stay away from this product . It 's no good and I 'll never trust Panasonic again .
 Nice features , but all of that is over-ridden by the horrendous battery life . The phone is virtually useless due to the battery life . More good money down the toilet ...
 Actually if I could give ZERO STARS I would.I purchased the answering machine , 2 handsaets and the clock/radio extension station about 1.5 years ago -LRB- about 300.00 total -RRB- and have regretted it almost since the beginning.-Horrible battery life . Better with non-panasonic batteries.-LCD screen went out almost immediately on one of the handsets and only works after you talk on it for about 15 minutes -LRB- must have to warm up inside or something -RRB- . - Volume adjustment stopped working on alarm clock/radio . Now the sound is so low , it is useless except as a charging station . When it worked , this accesory was awesome-Caller ID does n't transmit through to phones half of the time , so it does n't register as a recieved call unless they leave a message.-Get many ` No link to base messages ' even when standing NEXT to base station.To sum up ; if you happen to get a set of these that work then good for you , but they have a very high failure rate -LRB- like many Panasonics -RRB- . That 's why there is a flood of these as refurbs on the internet.Sorry for the negativity but this is one of the worst products I have ever owned .
 I ordered this phone as an extension for my base unit . I registered it and it worked fine for one day . The next day , all my phones were echoing and the new handset faded in and out and nobody could hear me on the new handset . I had to return it and deregister it , but my phones still have n't returned to the previous normal state . At this point , I do n't know what to do .
 After having several Panasonic phones and having been pleased with all I purchased the KX-TGA270S as part of an expandable phone system . The listed features are great however the battery life is pathetic -LRB- on average less than 15 min . on a full charge -RRB- . If you do n't put the phone back on the charging base after each call you will be lucky to complete two calls before getting the low battery warning . In addition the displays intermittently go blank . I have four phone in my system and all four do the same thing . I have spoken to at least 8 other people with these phones and all have the same problem . Panasonic says there is nothing wrong with the design . With 35 years in the electronics industry I can assure you there is a design defect that Panasonic does not want to admit . I would not recommend that you purchase this phone .
 I bought this phone along with the base unit and other extension telephones and for everyphone , the battery life is absolutely horrible . after being on the phone for 45 minutes , the battery needs to be charged for many hours just to use it again . I would not purchase any products in this line ever again .
 It may be a fluke , but I have had battery problems with this phone . It was so bad that I could not complete a call without the phone discharging . I was very careful not to recharge the phone without the battery discharging so as not to decrease battery life . Still , this is the second phone I have gone through in less than a year . I have spent hours on the phone with Panasonic trying to fix the problem . Panasonic replaced the phone twice with refurbished models and still the battery life is horrible . We looked into having the settings wrong to just a bad battery . I am now trying the newer model with the NiMHd battery instead of the NiCd . Let 's see how this works . I am very disappointed with the customer service offered by Panasonic . Warranty means that they will only replace the phone with a refurbished model . This is true even if the phone dies withing the first month .
 I have three of these phones including the base unit and guess what ? The battery life on all three lasts a maximum of 30 minutes . I have called Panasonic and they are aware of this defect , yet have not recalled the phones . I was told to send them in to their service center for repair . According to the rep the defect is in the handset battery contact with the charger.To all you would be purchasers of this product , perhaps Panasonic has remedied the problem . But if they have not then BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 do n't buy phone , bad battery , cause u lots of problems
 I received the wrong phone . I contacted the seller . He advised me my shipment was mixed with someone elses and since mine was a better model he did n't expect the other buyer would return it . I found this odd being the phone systems were not compatible with the units that were sent . I 'd like to think it was an honest mistake but I have my doubts . I did get my money back and I am grateful but I still need the phone .
 I love all the features on this two line system which is why I originally bought it , however , I have had this expensive system for many years and had trouble with it from the beginning . After calling many times without satisfaction , my warranty expired and I was ` stuck ' . I kept it just to ` wear it out ' ; then I needed additional handsets ! The original one of two , can not be heard except on speaker , which is the one I was trying to get fixed for so long.I 'm surprised that the cost is still so high after so long , and the volume on the handsets is still not loud enough . I hate getting rid of something that cost so much , which is why I thought the new handsets would be a better investment than purchasing an entirely new system . Now , I 'm stuck with an additional two handsets that cost me another $ 175.00 !!
 teh problem is that with multiple lines , you can not be heard by the other party . It seems that I am always having to scream into the phone , to be heard . Save yourmoney and look elsewhere ...
 Battery life is terrible . They need a lithium ion battery for this phone . Get out of the old technology .
 This has to be the worst phone I ever bought . This was my first time trying a panasonic phone and I have to say I will not be buying a panasonic brand telephone again . The battery will not stay charged more then 1-2 days . Forget using speaker phone because it will drain the battery life to none . This phone is not worth the money . Its not even worth the 1 star rating .
 I am a Panasonic fan when it comes to cordless phones . I have used over ten Panasonics over the years since the introduction of cordless phone . I purchased this because of the reputation Panasonic had build on me . But I was wrong ! This Phone is not a `` Panasonic '' . I can barely hear the other party-I do n't have any hearing problem-even at full level of volume . if I connect it to a headset there is a hum . My friends ask me if I am in propeller plane . The biggest disappointment is the battery . You wo n't believe this , but , this phone needs to be charged every 2 days . I do n't use this phone at all -LRB- because of above reasons -RRB- but the battery goes COMPLETELY EMPTY IN 2 DAYS.Don ' t waist your money , this phone is useless !
 We puchased this unit for use in several small stores owned by the same company . 8 total phones/base stations were purchased , all new -LRB- not refurbished -RRB- . Of these original 8 phones , 4 of them had the battery go south within a few weeks . The remaining 4 phones lasted a month before their batteries also went south . By going south , I mean that you can charge the battery for as long as you like and it will die after a few minutes . For a retail business , this is very bad.To fix the problem , we have tried to replace the battery from Panasonic , but it is not even offered on their website , nor is the phone itself.If the guaranteed battery failure is n't enough to deter you from this product , let me give you some other fun treats with this phone :1 . It drops calls . Not just calls for the battery dying , but calls will just randomly drop . You know it is bad when you have to tell customers to call back if the call drops .2 . The error tone is deafening , as it sounds in your ear . It actually hurts when the low battery tone goes off or another problem causes it to chirp . Ouch .3 . When you are on the phone and the call waiting tone sounds , it shuts the sound off on your conversation for a second or two . Very annoying to need to repeat yourself or ask somebody else to repeat what they said every time another call comes in . -LRB- Basically , the phone shuts down for a second or two if you have another call and will continue to shut down each time the call waiting tone chirps during that conversation -RRB- .5 . The range of the phone is laughable . The 900 MHz we had before this had at least double or triple the range and never dropped calls . Maybe I am being greedy in wanting a phone that has more than a 30-foot range , but it stinks when you decide to go 40-feet into the back room and your customer thinks you are hung up on them .6 . You can not delete messages from a handset - you need to go to the base station to do that . This would n't be a big deal if everything else had n't already frustrated me about this phone .7 . Panasonic 's customer service is not good . Maybe it is the sheer volume of calls they must have received for this product , maybe we just called on three different days that were bad days for the reps , but they will not help you with this product for any reason . We were told it was discontinued when we called the first time -LRB- 2 weeks after we purchased it new -RRB- It was being sold to electronics stores even when it was discontinued and not supported by Panasonic!Bottom line
 Wish I 'd read the reviews before buying this phone . Like the other reviewer said , just take your money and flush it down the toilet , at least it 'll save you the aggravation . We spent more than $ 300 for this system and several phones for our home . The batteries had to be replaced at a hefty sum eight months later . Three months later , and now three of them say , `` no signal with base , '' which may be another battery problem . We 're done throwing good money after bad . This phone does n't even deserve one star .
 I purchased the base unit -LRB- which includes one handset -RRB- and two additional handsets . They worked okay for about a month or so , then the handset started inexplicably dying . Sometimes the screen went totally blank and you would lose the call or could n't dial . Othertimes the screen said that I was too far away from the base -LRB- even when I was literally right next to the base -RRB- . So I called customer service and they said that it sounded like I needed a new battery -LRB- after a MONTH ! -RRB- . I actually read the directions before using the phone and I was n't even putting the phones on the bases to recharge after every call so that the NI CD batteries would n't develop a memory -LRB- they do n't use the better Lithium Ion batteries that do not develop a memory -RRB- . So this made no sense . Anyway , I went ahead and bought the batteries -LRB- for all three handsets -RRB- and that did n't solve the problem at all . I then went ahead and purchased another handset . Again , no problems for a month and then the same issue . Customer service issued remanufactured phones -LRB- 4 handsets -RRB- and in about a month to 8 weeks all were exactly the same.I know I was n't doing anything wrong to cause this . I began searching the Internet and low and behold I am not alone . Apparently a law firm in New Jersey has already filed a class action law suit against Panasonic for the entire KX-TG and KX-TC cordless phone lines . Search `` panasonic cordless phone class action '' on google . It will be the first hit . As an attorney myself -LRB- not in any way affiliated with or even previously aware of the firm that has filed the suit -RRB- , I can tell you it takes a lot of consumer complaints before a law firm decides to invest its resources in a class action suit as they are very expensive and time consuming.So , I 've learned my lesson the hard way -LRB- although there was n't anything I could 've done differently at the time of purchase -RRB- . Hopefully , my experience and research into this can prevent you from having to deal with it in the future . Panasonic was unjustly enriched in distributing such a defective product and not having the corporate decency to at least recall it and replace it with a functioning line or refunding our hard earned dollars . Very disappointing and I certainly will not be purchasing the Panasonic brand again .
 No problem with the base station ... But the Handset as others have reported is a a problem . The battery or recharging system appears to be of faulty design . There is no doubt that Panasonic has had a lot of calls re this product ... Many people never complain.I will try the Metal Hydride battery as suggested in one of the posts.Panasonic is a very good company that makes excellent products ... but some do n't make it .
 Great features . I like it very much except ... The battery goes after only 20-30 minutes talk time ! I have seen others reccomend several charge cycles before the battery life is good , but I have seen no improvement . I do n't know if the problem is the battery , or the phone . I often have conference calls well over an hour , so for my application this phone is useless.For those wishing to reduce their time on the phone and their phone bill , perhaps this is a good phone .
 I do n't like the Panasonic phones because the batteries are not good at toooo ... expensive . Anyway this system seams to be phased out , I could n't find the handset in any store , so I had to go online to buy it . We are stuck with this system because we can not buy another model with the base we have at home .
 I have five of these phones and a base unit . Without exception , each unit 's battery gave problems within a few months . -LRB- And I did charge each of them 15 uninterrupted hours when starting and whenever they requested it . -RRB- Now some wo n't light at all . On some the battery only goes up to 1 out of 3 bars . On others , it starts at 3 bars but drops to one bar about as quickly as you can get it to your ear.If someone has a solution , please hint at it here .
 Oh , let us count the ways :1 -RRB- The battery life , as everyone mentions , is horrible . I suspect their recharging unit is not very smart , and thus they kill the batteries thanks to overcharging due to the so-called battery ` memory effort , ' but I do not know this fer sure . The battery in one phone has now died on us , one is now so faint you can barely hear it , and the last one does n't recharge much , and dies within the span of a 10 minute conversation when ` fully ' charged .2 -RRB- There is also a short in the system , possibly related to the bad battery life , that results in the LCD screen blanking out when the phone is on the charger , and it only sometimes comes back alive . This makes the nice Caller ID LCD feature often useless .3 -RRB- They are NOT at all cheap for this level of crappiness . We decided to spring for what we thought were ` high-end ' phones and got a terrible phone instead.We will probably try to find the Energizer ER-P511 batteries to see if that solves our problems . But I 'm tempted to go back to old but far more reliable phones . Alas , if only our cell phones worked in the house . -LRB- DO N'T get me started on that one ... -RRB-
 Battery life , bad.Features , good.Battery life , bad.Range , good.Battery life , bad.Did I mention ... ________________ -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB-
 This is the worst phone i have ever seen in my whole life . The battery dies after talking only 2 minutes.We have the same problem with the base set and 3 other handset.NEVER BUY THIS ONE . .
 I have been using this phone for over a year and still like features like ability to send directory from the base to a handset . The problem is that this phone has 2 fundamental flaws . One is battery life , even with Energizer NiMh replacement battery -LRB- much better than the original NiCd battery -RRB- , that is pathetic 1.5 hours of talk time . Do not even consider having a conference call with his phone -LRB- even without wireless booster activated -RRB- . The second problem is that display fades in and out . I noticed that when the phone is totally charged it is mostly out . This makes dialing `` blind '' and stored directly totally useless.I do not think I will be buying any Panasonic phones in the feature even they have all the features I want .
 We have 8 of these phones and are extremely carefull about the dreaded memory effect and they still are awful !!! The displays fade in and out at will ... whether they are fully charged or not . We have one phone that will last all of one dialing fully charged . We bought new batteries for these and started all over , not charging until the phone was completely dead . Same results as before . HEY Panasonic ... these are the most terrible phones we have ever had .
 I like the features of this phone . particularly the speaker phone , strong reception even far from the base station , overall look and feel . The achilles heel of this system is the very weak battery life . The cordless handset is frequently completely out of juice and will not even ring.Also , the answering system on the base station is not very reliable . My previous answering system was an old tape-based Panasonic model that - while archaic - worked much better . The new system rarely erases all the messages . Also the ringer volume on the base station is not very high .
 I bought a base unit and 3 extra handsets in Nov. 2003 for my home based business . Within a couple of months I had a problem with the caller ID contrast fading out on one handset whenever I tried to get it to display a previous call or on an incoming call . I shipped it back and Panasonic replaced it with a remanufactured one . In May 2004 , 6 months after purchase , I had the same problem with another of the original handsets . I sent it back asking them to FIX it , NOT replace it , and to tell me exactly what the problem is , because I am now concerned that their product is unreliable and dont want to find this recurring with the other 2 handsets.They replaced it with a remanufactured unit with no explanation of the problem . I called the Texas facility that shipped it to me , and they said they have no way of knowing what the problem was , they just receive and ship out units . I called the customer service number and they claimed it couldnt be a design or quality control defect or all four would have gone by now , and they also pointed out that the rest of the features were still working , both statements which I find to be ridiculous.Any company manufacturing a complex product can have a design flaw or QC problem . I dont fault them for that . It 's refusing to own up to the problem and making it right that burns me up . In my opinion , Panasonic should have recalled this model and replaced it with one that works , or else refunded customers full purchase price . This was a lot of money for me to invest in telephones , more than I 've ever spent . As a result of this experience I will never buy another Panasonic product of any kind , ever again .
 This phone has great reception -LRB- better than my old Sony phone -RRB- . But it is a pile of garbage . The battery lasts about 15-30 minutes and then just dies !!! I bought a new battery at RadioShack thinking I had a faulty battery , wrong.Do not buy this phone .
 This was and would be an excellent phone except for one thing - the battery life is horrible !!! I run a business from my home and want to be able to talk to my customers for more than 15 minutes without the phone dying and with this phone that ca n't be done ! I have changed batteries , I have changed types of batteries , I have even followed the advice of another reviewer who suggested placing cardboard under the battery to insure contact . -LRB- For this much money I should n't have to use bits of cardboard to make my phone work !!! -RRB- And no - I do n't have the booster on either ! None of this has worked . After throwing this out I will NOT buy another Panasonic phone product . I had been a happy repeat customer until now ! All in all - a great idea extremely poorly executed !!! Do n't bother - this one is a MUST NOT buy !!!
 okay so it has the features and can be used in a variety of places ... but not only does the battery goes dead before the day is up , but the reception quality is very poor . We have been having lots of trouble with it clicking a lot during any conversation , whether handset to handset or outgoing calls , making a sort of noise suggesting the line could be tapped -LRB- even though we know it is n't . My brother has th 5.8 Uniden with dual handsets and it works perfectly , can even pick up calls with the best of clarity at approximately a 2 block radius from main base . Do n't buy the Panasonic , buy Uniden .
 I agree with many of the prior reviewers , the battery life on my KX-TGA270S is now about 15 minutes . Started off ok , but no longer -LRB- have had phone for ~ 6 months -RRB- . I called Panasonic , they are sending a replacement battery for the phone , but judging by prior reviewers now , I am less than hopeful that this will fix the problem .
 If I had reviewed this phone soon after I had bought it -LRB- first 2-4 months -RRB- , I would have given it at least 4 stars because of the features and pretty good battery time . However as time went on , battery life has deteriorated to a point that it is a joke . Sometimes we get just 20 minutes without speaker phone . I have both a speaker phone/base station and an extension set . The extension is worse , but the base station is the same in terms of battery life . So if you see 4 or 5 stars in the rating by some Amazon reviewer for this phone , you know it is someone who just recently bought the phone ; if you seee 1 star , it is someone like me , who Panasonic has nicely fleeced but has finally figured it out !!!
 Everything is fine with this phone / system except battery life . Ugh . I 've owned it less than a year and I 'm going to buy another phone system today because I 'm sick of terrible battery performance .
 This phone is by far one of the best cordless phones on the market as far as features and reception . But it has the worst battery life I have ever seen on a cordless headset . Battery goes out after about 15 mins . of actual take time . I 'm even afraid to use the speakerphone feature most of the time because I do n't want to be cut off before I finish a whole conversation . I was a big Panasonic fan before I purchased this phone , but I would not even consider buying another phone from this company .
 I bought this phone about 6 months ago and I agree with all the users here that this could be a great phone in terms of features , but the battery issues make the phone so impossible to deal with , I 'm ready to throw it out the window . As others have mentioned if you leave the phone out of the cradle for even a couple of hours or if you have a long phone call , the batteries immediately die . If you try to charge it , sometimes the phone never charges . You pick it up after 12 hours of charging and the low battery indicator is still on . Gave the same system to my parents , and they have the same problem . Could have been great ...
 This is the worst phone ever . Features are cool but battery life is 2 hours if that . It is constantly dropping calls and person on the other end goes in and out . Callers always ask if I 'm on a cell phone because the reception is so bad . I have yet to have one conversation that is satisfactory . The booster does nothing . I HATE this phone and am ready to throw it out the window . Do not make the same mistake -- Stay away from this system !!
 The batter life is ridiculous . Panasonic sent me a replacemetn and it still dies after 15 minutes of use . Stay away from this phone ! As we speak i 'm waiting to speak with Panasonic to see if they have discontinued this item . Update later .
 Only had product for 1 year . Battery went dead when we replaced it , the phone just kept losing its charge and Panasonic wasted our time and money .
 My parent were upgrading their cord phone system and decided to go cordless with what Panasonic was offering as a wonderfull option . Now we have a complete system , but it only help make us run from one phone to the other and to the other in order to complete a 20 min call . Battery life is terrible , even after a 5 minute call the battery is dead . Panasonic should have had recall this product in order to conserve customer satisfaction . As another reviewer said
 As stated by previous reviews this is a junk phone . My old Panasonic 900mhz was great and worked for years after being dropped a number of times.This phone has a horrible battery life and the individuals on the other end of the line constantly complain about you being hard to hear . I have tried everything and nothing short of shouting at the phone helps . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!!!!!!!
 My fiance and I spent around $ 150 for this phone and around 75 for an additional handset . This phone is extremely crappy . On of the legs of the base station snapped off . The phone batteries randomly cut power and your call is lost . The phone will not consistantly keep a charge . I have sent 2 sets back to Texas . These things are about as cool as cancer . I will never purchase pannasonic brand products again after having to hastle with non English speaking idiots from Texas . Save your money , you 'd have better quality with a soupcan and some string .
 We have a 6 year old digital answering machine from Panasonic that sounds better than the one on this unit . We have a $ 20 speaker phone that sounds better than the one on this unit . The speaker phone on either the handset or the base unit are useless - your mouth has to be so close to the microphone for you to be heard that you need to be holding it anyway - though you can hear just fine with it . But if you have to be within a foot of the thing you might as well be holding it.We had to replace the first one of these we got . There were a multitude of problems that did n't show up until the second day we had it plugged in ... could n't dial out , could n't be heard using either base or handset , could n't use the speakerphone on the base , etc. . We phoned Panasonic to ask for some help and they told us they 'd send us a refurbished one or we could send this one in for repairs . We told them that we did n't want a refurbished one , we paid for a new one and expect to get one that works and they said , `` sorry , talk to the vendor . '' Which we did . Amazon immediately replaced it , no questions asked -LRB- they even sent the replacement 2nd day air -RRB- . The replacement definitely works better , but also it was clear it had been taken out of the box - not sure if it 's a refurbished or just a recycled return.On the plus side , the handset seems clear enough when you hold it to your head . We were n't worried about the complaints about the battery not lasting long because we tend to leave our phones on the charger anyway . Overall though , we 're pretty disheartened with Panasonic -LRB- there 's a group of engineers who should be hanging their heads in shame after putting out this flakey product -RRB- ... and not at all happy with the state of `` expandable phone systems '' in general .
 I purchased this phone thru Amazon.com in May , 2005 . Phone worked great for 2 to 3 months and now battery charged overnight , lasts only 15-20 minutes . Yesterday , I called Panasonic customer service and it was worst than the battery quality . This support person wasted 45 minutes of my time troubleshooting this problem . Oh Come on ! This overseas support is useless and I felt like I ran into a brickwall . He kept denying that battery should be under warranty for one year .
 For the price I paid for this unit -LRB- I think almost $ 130 without the answering system feature -RRB- this phone should last 5 years ! I charged the phone for more than the reccomended 15 hrs prior to use , and to my surprise , the battery died within 10 minutes of use the next day . I have replaced the battery 3 times now with both Panasonic and non brand batteries , and nothing has worked . It will appear to have charged to the full 3 bars , yet when I lift it off the reciever , it will drop down to one bar in seconds ! This is even after a full 24 hours of uninterrupted charging . My calls get cut off even when the display shows 3 full bars , and the phone will say that it is out of range of the base even when it is only 6 inches away!DO NOT BUY THESE PHONES !!! At least wait until it seems that Panasonic has fixed the problem !
 In short , I like gadgets with features . I thought I would like this phone system . I bought into this phone and set them up around the home . The reviews below are accurate . The battery life is short -LRB- less than 1 hour talk time -RRB- and I have already had to replace the batteries and I have not yet had the phone 1 year.The ` flash ' feature does not work . I have Verizon and it does not respond when the ` flash ' feature is pressed . Verison says it is the phone not giving the right signal or it is too short of a signal.Otherwise , the clarity is fine . I just hate not being able to easily switch to a second caller . I 'd stay away from the series -LRB- maybe this brand -RRB- when I spend money to update this system.Good Luck !
 Bought this phone as a result of trying 2 different Panasonic 900 MHz phones -LRB- which were both poor quality -RRB- . I thought I was just having a problem with the range and wanted to try the next up in MHz . BAD IDEA . Panasonic has come up with a seemingly ideal phone with some great looking features but they have no idea of how to build a phone that will work or customer service that will properly address the issue . They continue to sell this phone in spite of very poor craftsmanship.-Very bad battery life -LRB- sorry to say that it will NOT last more than 20 minutes -RRB- - Very bad sound quality-Very bad customer service-Very high priceMy parents have the same phone and have had the EXACT same problems as have I and 90 % of the reviewers , keep reading if you do not believe me .
 I bought this phone because of its features
 I purchased this phone for my home office . I have replaced the battery twice in 6 months and , according to the place of purchase , the battery should last 1-2 years . I have a much older Panasonic with speakerphone for my home and have never had to replace the battery . In this phone , it slowly provides less and less time between charges until you can only speak on the handheld for about 30 minutes before it dies completely . Panasonic has told me to send it in for a new one , which I plan to do . But , that is very inconvenient . The other features work fine when the battery is fresh , but the battery charger is a deal-breaker .
 I 'm not often compelled to write negative reviews of products , but I just could n't help myself on this one . Based on my experience , and the experience of a good friend who also owns this system -LRB- we both own the base unit with one or more extensions ... I have two extension units myself -RRB- I would have to say that Panasonic has made a very poor decision to let this one out of the RnD lab . I 've had every problem you can imagine with these phones ... the battery life sucks right out of the box ... one unit went bad and stopped charging the battery ... one unit has a bad display ... they interfere with other electronic devices ... these phones are a joke . I 've had VTech phones before , and they worked great ... these phones really do suck .
 but also a waste of your energy . After spending on this seemingly high-tech phone we anxiously waited 17 hours before removing it from the base ... Then we were really excited about the sound quality -- it is nice , indeed.However , very quickly we found that what others had been complaining was true -- the caller id display says ` incoming call ' even after the third ring . My 20 dollar caller id box says it is from my cell phone but this POJ does n't . I still like my big old 900MHz Panasonic but not this NEW breed .
 This is a great phone . It has excellent features -LRB- on paper -RRB- , the range is very good , and the battery charge life is okay -LRB- could be better though -RRB- - why could they not provide Ni-Mn batteries like the additional handset come with ? Oh well ... The problem I have had - the Caller Id just says ` Incoming Call ' 90 percent of the time . What use is that ? Do n't we know that already ? I exchanged the phone for another unit - same problem.Tried calling Panasonic 's Customer support number for 4 days but I could not get anything but a busy tone . In the meantime , emailed them with my problem and my inability to reach the ` Customer Support ' line . Reply comes back after 5 days - ` Call the Customer Support Line ' . Guess noone bothers reading emails.So finally manage to get through - and they say send it back to them . Have spent time and money -LRB- not to mention the headaches -RRB- on a phone that 's over a 100 bucks , I 'm still waiting for a response or a phone from Panasonic.My advice - If you want to buy any Panasonic product , research the product -LRB- ask someone who HAS it -RRB- . Then , buy it , preferably from a vendor where returns are easy and shipping free :-RRB- , and forget that Panasonic HAS any customer service - either on the phone , or online.Good Luck . ***** UPDATE **** After the replacement phone had the same problem , I got it re-replaced ;-RRB- and presto - same problem - intermittent caller id . I called Panasonic Customer Service to give them an earful - and finally got through to a rep who suggested that I try to change the setting for `` Flash Time '' -LRB- Page 61 in the User Manual -RRB- from 700 ms to a lower number . After changing it to 400 ms , I now seem to be getting the Caller Id All the Time.Those of you who have this problem with Caller-Id saying `` Incoming Call '' please change this setting.Hope that helped . Based on this I am changing my rating to 4 stars -LRB- even considering the battery life issue -RRB- : -RRB-
 The caller ID is so unpredictable . Sometimes it just shows the phone number but not the name and other times it only says incoming call.The battery life is not good at all . You ca n't over charge the phone.I do not recomend this phone .
 This is a new model . But for some reason its a US model . In Asia and Europe they have a new standard called DECT . Panasonic have a line of DECT phones which sound better , range better and look better than this line.I have no idea why these are not available in the US of A. Consumers
 I bought this set from Amazon.com , around 6 months back . The brand and the instrument seems to be great , but NOT really . Call volume is VERY LOW even on speaker . I heard compliants many times about the quality of voice , volume , battery go dead so quickly . . , which I never had ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've owned a number of Panasonic cordless phones , and loved them . I purchased a Sony cordless phone once and the static was so bad , I threw it out and went back to a Panasonic . Thinking I could n't go wrong , I bought the KX-TG2730 system over a year ago , with the idea of expanding using the other handsets . WRONG idea . 2 weeks after I started using the phone , the battery on the handset would go dead after about 15 minutes . I emailed Panasonic and asked about this problem and had no response.I still use a Panasonic phone for all my phone calling , A KX TCM410 that I 've had for years . I 've replaced the battery once and still get about 8 plus hours of talk time , plus a lot of standby . I use the other phone just as a speaker phone now and use the handset only in a pinch.I think Panasonic owes everyone who bought this phone a new , working battery . Like other reviewers , I 'm surprised someone has n't sued yet or some consumer product agency has n't made them recall the product . How about the Consumer Product Safety Commission ??? If you needed to dial 911 I would n't trust this phone .
 I would update this review to 3 stars if I could figure out how to do so on Amazon 's site . I think these phones should have better batteries than they do . Ni-Cad is very cheap with relatively low power density . Do n't know how the recharge cycles compare to Ni-Mh or Li-Ion . If you buy this phone , just expect that once a year -LRB- perhaps more often -RRB- you 'll need to replace the batteries which are expensive.Aside from the cost of the batteries the phone does what I would expect it to . Has good range and features . I like the speaker phone on the handsets very much . Wish the voicemail box was bigger than it is . We run out of space a lot because we like to hang on to funny voicemails .
 I bought this phone 6 months age -LRB- April 2005 -RRB- and the phone battery die within 12 hours . The support people very rude and not helpful at all . The only option I got is to get a refurbished one after I spent a lot of money to buy a new phone . I will never buy Panasonic product !!!
 I have had this phone for 5 months ... and as most have said ... battery life is horrible ... even when its fully charged it runs for an hour-max ! I am going to contact Panasonic and see if they can do something.Don ' t get it !
 The good news is I have 3 handsets ... so I can rotate them every 20 minutes because the battery life is abismal . I have bought new batteries and it make no difference.Caller ID is intermitant at best.The range is good enough to walk to my mail box -LRB- approx . 1/4 mile -RRB- , het it will be 2 feet from the base and say I need to move closer to the base.I have heard a lot of really good things about Panasonice phones , but this one is horrendous .
 The phone itself has wonderful features , all of which work well , but the battery life is only 24 hours off the base . I 've had Panasonic phones in the past and never had one with this poor of a battery life . I 've contacted Panasonic and they want to send me a reconditioned unit for the `` new '' one I purchased . They said it was part of the warranty on this particular phone . So , I 'm guessing this phone has had major problems and that 's why they 're running such a great deal on it . I do n't like refurbs on phones . The previous wear on the handset buttons takes a toll in just a few years . So I guess I 'll purchase a new battery and see if that helps ...
 The phone works well an has many nice features , however , the battery life makes the phone unusable . I frequently have to call people back from my cell phone because the battery on the cordless unit has run dry . Talk time for the phone is literally < 30 minutes without using the booster feature . Works fine as an answering machine .
 All , Never Ever buy this product . . Good Bye to Panasonic . Even after you charge it for 12 hours , you can only talk for 15 minutes . . This is pathetic.Amazaon.com , please stop marketing this product . I as well not got my mail in Rebate as well . Too bad . .
 I have been trying to use this phone for last 2 months and this phone is awful . The battery dies in no time and I lost connection . Panasonic should be sued for selling such a pathetic performing product.thanks
 My employer purchased this phone for our salon . It began acting up about a week into owning it , and got so bad that we had to go back to our old phones within the month . It would constantly be & quot ; searching for channels & quot ; and would drop calls from clients ! Unfortunately , she had thrown out the box , and we are stuck . I 'll never buy this brand phone for myself , and I tell anyone I can to avoid it !
 After re-reading the reviews , I 'm not sure why I bought this product . Seems like there was plenty of warning.This is not the world 's cheapest phone , so I was hoping for more . The battery it came with was almost worthless . I replaced it -LRB- the beginning of $ $ $ -RRB- and saw better performance , but then the phone as a whole deteriorated so that now , about four months in , I can barely talk for 10 minutes before I get the dread `` No Link to Base '' message . It works fine as long as I 'm willing to use it on speakerphone , but as a cordless handset it 's 90 % useless . Even more disappointing , the Panasonic headset I bought -LRB- more $ $ $ -RRB- was also unusable with this phone ... I could n't hear the other party at all . Why ca n't they get their act together before they sell this product ?
 I am a Panasonic fan when it comes to cordless phones . I have used over ten Panasonics over the years since the introduction of cordless phone . I purchased this because of the reputation Panasonic had build on me . But I was wrong ! This Phone is not a `` Panasonic '' . I can barely hear the other party-I do n't have any hearing problem-even at full level of volume . if I connect it to a headset there is a hum . My friends ask me if I am in propeller plane . The biggest disappointment is the battery . You wo n't believe this , but , this phone needs to be charged every 2 days . I do n't use this phone at all -LRB- because of above reasons -RRB- but the battery goes COMPLETELY EMPTY IN 2 DAYS.Don ' t waist your money , this phone is useless!I have no idea why some people have left positive feedback on this !
 I 've had this phone system for 2 years -LRB- one main unit and 3 other stations -RRB- . 2 very long and frustrating years . First
 Initial overall impression of this phone was good . Good sound quality , relatively easy set-up and excellent features . My only complaint on the features is that there is no audible alert for messages.Unfortunately , the phone does not work as advertised for more than 4 weeks . I purchased the extra handset and both exhibited the same behavior . If you try to access your messages remotely using the handset speakerphone , the phone makes a loud click and then the display goes dead and the phone stops working . You then need to place the phone in the charger for 12 - 24 hours to get it to work again . This happens even if the phone is fully charged . Also , battery life is extremely limited for normal handset use . Do not expect to be able to use this phone for more than 15 minutes before you need to charge the handset.Overall , I have to say that this phone is badly designed , is defective and does not operate per its specifications . For the money , $ 175 plus $ 85 for the additional handset , I expect a product that works . I will not purchase a Panasonic phone again .
 I bought this phone around 6 months back to replace a 900Mhz Uniden and another panasonic.Call volume is very low in both ear piece as well as the speaker . Initially i felt it may be a problem in the line , but soon I am hearing complaints from everyone I talk to on this phone.It has got a speaker in the handset which is a great convienience , but again since the speaker volume is too low it ca n't be used.Off late I am having trouble with the phone battery life too . The phone loses its charge almost every day where as I never had this problem with my earlier phones . On more research found that the battery used PP511 has a huge memory effect -LRB- which is pretty bad -RRB- and seems almost everyone has this problem . Just search the internet with the the battery model number.Bottom line it looks great for the price , but is very expensive for this low quality piece from Panasonic.Moreover I bought this phone with a $ 40 mail in rebate from Panasonic which I never received after 6 months .
 The battery life is terrible . 3 months from the day I bought the phone , the battery would last only for a maximum of 30 minute phone call . Then I would be forced to recharge . Initially the battery lasted for 2 days but then just in 3 months the problems started.I called Panasonic and they did not want to send in a replacement battery . The only option they provided was to send the phone to their service center and then I would be stuck without a phone for 15 - 20 days ! Panasonic 's service sucks . However , Amazon on the other hand was willing to help out and I was very pleased with their customer service .
 Is failing a few days , weeks past expiration of Warranty a Panasonic feature?Two of my phones have exhibited this behaviour , though I must mention that their eventual death were hastened by a powercut.But all my other equipment did not suffer the same fate from the power outage , but the Panasonic phones appear to be extremely sensitive . I 'm now Wary of their long term life .
 I had Panasonic cordless 900 Mhz phone before ... it was way better than this one . Panasonic took away some very useful features such as Automatic paging when the incomeing message is received , better battery life , ability to still hear clearly when another person picks up another phone on your end . I would stay away from this model , I hope newer model have better features .
 If I had reviewed this phone soon after I had bought it -LRB- first 2-4 months -RRB- , I would have given it at least 4 stars because of the features and pretty good battery time . However as time went on , battery life has deteriorated to a point that it is a joke . Sometimes we get just 20 minutes without speaker phone . I have both a speaker phone/base station and an extension set . The extension is worse , but the base station is only slightly better in terms of battery life . So if you see 4 or 5 stars in the rating by some ... reviewer for this phone , you know it is someone who just recently bought the phone ; if you seee 1 star , it is someone like me , who has had this phone for a while , who Panasonic has nicely fleeced but has finally figured it out !!!
 This phone offers great features and is easy to use , but the battery life is terrible . I am on my second phone and plan on returning it to exchange it for another brand . Had a problem with the battery coming loose in the handset which causes the phone to think a fully charged battery needs recharging after 20 minutes of use . Manufacturer offered a solution , but did not solve the problem .
 Great phone if the battery does n't die . But it does , quickly , and no matter how long it sits on the charger . If Panasonic could fix the battery problem , the phone would be perfect . Until then , chose another phone .
 pls . . dont buy this phone guys.battery life is so poor , it deads so quickly.and amazon pls dont promote this product
 This product has a defective battery . I called Panasonic Customer service and they themselves say battery has problem and ask me to buy new battery !!!! . Even though they know this product battery is defective , they can not send a new battery !!! . What a horible service ? . I am not sure why Amazon is promoting this junk product !!! . I brought this product without looking at ratings , because my previous Panasonic codeless worked without any issue for 4 + years ... I never could imagine amazon and Panasonic will dump such a defective product in market.If Amzon cares about their customers , I would ask Amazon -LRB- or Panasonic -RRB- to ship a New battery to all the customers who brought this Junk from Amazon .
 Inspite of charging the battery according to the instructions -LRB- i.e. initial charge of 15 hours + recharge only when fully discharged + recharge till the batter is fully charged -RRB- , the battery life slowly reduced to a couple of minutes -LRB- 5-6 minutes max -RRB- in just 3-4 months of use . Now im wondering whether i should buy a new battery or a new phone . The voice quality on the other side of the line is not good though the quality of voice to the user of the handset is quite good . That however doesnt matter , as you really cant talk much when the battery is always low on calories
 Pathetic product . Batteries hardly last for 15 minutes of talk time . Not worth the price .
 We have 8 of these phones and are extremely careful about the dreaded memory effect and they still are awful !!! The displays fade in and out at will ... whether they are fully charged or not . We have one phone that will last all of one dialing fully charged . We bought new batteries for these and started all over , not charging until the phone was completely dead . Same results as before . HEY Panasonic ... these are the most terrible phones we have ever had .
 Very poor battery goes from full to recharge w/o warning , LCD screen goes blank all the time . I 've sent this phone to Panasonic TWICE already for warranty replacement , and the refurbished ones are as bad . Extremely disappointing for something so expensive .
 I have to repeat what everybody have already said about this terrible piece of equipment : - the worst battery ever
 I bought this phone and everything worked except the CALLER ID function so I returned the phone because I was frustrated . All my other phones in the house are caller id and this phone seemed to have problems registering the caller id . I called up Panasonic 's tech support and their tech support phone line was always busy and I could not get a hold of them . I also saw about 4 of these phones being returned at a local retail store .
 This is the worst phone we ever bought ! The battery failed on us after less than a month . The rest of the phone broke a few days after the one-year warranty expired . The panasonic website does not even provide you with an appropriate customer contact to complain . This is the very last panasonic product we have bought for sure .
 I have had this phone and system for one year and it works extremely well except that my handsets go blank all the time . I have seven of these phones and all of them except for one has gone blank . The LCD screen comes back at random and it drives me nuts . I also dislike Panasonics support as I have had to deal with them more than once . You wait on the phone forever to get anyone and they are n't much help anyway . If I were you I would not get this system from Panasonic .
 I bought this phone in May 2005 and the battery died 6 months ago . I never used the phone -LRB- i.e. never took it off the base -RRB- , so it should not be an overuse issue . I called Panasonic , and they are sending me a free new battery because I think they must have had a lot of complaints about the phone .
 the screen does not hold up on this product ! even normal use generates scratches , cloudy spots , etc. when i contacted panasonic for support , they blew me off completely .
 The rechargable battery is worst . I ordered this phone in june 2005 and the battery is not charging well after 6 months . I couldnot speak at least for 10 minutes now .
 Ca n't hear a thing , Ca n't be heard ... Hear me ... Do n't buy this product !
 The product was good for first 3 months later the battery in hand set started loosing power , even charged over night it lasts for 15 min or less , panasonic customer service sucks , they are not replacing the battery , the product comes with one year warranty still they are not helping to replace the product.I 'm never going to buy any panasonuc products .
 I chose to ignore all the reviews about the lousy battery life . I wish I had n't . I 've had the phone a couple months and the battery is so run down , I ca n't have a single 3-minute conversation . It 's just awful . I 'm today shopping for a new phone and will never buy Panasonic again .
 UPDATE !!! I replaced original battery with Energizer Nickel-Metal Hybride NiMH 1200mAh ER-P511 . This battery will make this phone one incredible talking monster -LRB- 3 to 4 hrs talk time , no memory effect -RRB- . Make sure you are buying 1200mAh not cheaper 800mAh which is widely avaliable . 1200mAh one will cost you $ 25 and I found it only in best buy.I came across this site , because I am looking to replace the phones battery . I have been using this phone for about a year -LRB- 11 months -RRB- to be exact , and I am very dissapointed with its battery performance . Although phone is rich in features , its battery life is terrible , terrible . From only 1 hour talk time when phone was new , it is now no more than 30min . My old phone 900Mhz analog Panasonic did not need to be charged for days , this phone takes 2 days to charge . I bought it for its digital answering system and 2.4 Ghz range and good looks . My previous experience with this brand was very positive , it looks like a bad product design . This phone is a BUMMER !!!!
 this is the same frequency used by 802.11 b and 802.11 g wireless networks/routers . This means that even if you do n't have wireless but an apartment or condo neighbor does , you may get really bad interference.You can read this article
 I had high hopes for this phone , especially considering its hefty price tag . While the sound quality is generally good , it suffers some serious defects.First of all , although I followed the manufacturer 's battery conditioning recommendations , battery life is poor compared to my 7 year old 900Mhz Sony . I can nary get the phone to display more than one bar of battery life on the handheld screen.More importantly , the speakerphone capability on the handset ceased functioning 35 days after I purchased the unit . Beyond that , the phone looks cheap and feels flimsy , and I find the user interface on the handheld quite awkward.All in all , I recommend that you consider alternative products .
 As a loyal Panasonic customer who has been buying Panasonic almost exclusively for the last 25 years , I have to say that I could n't be more disappointed with these phones!From day one , after following their instructions to a tee , I have had battery charging problems that just got worse with each day ! It 's not just a fluke either because BOTH extension phones I purchased have the same problems . These phones are supposed to stay charged on stand-by for 3 weeks . I am lucky if they last one hour ! The real kicker is that the reason I replaced my previous PANASONIC phone , which was not very old , was to remedy a similar battery charging problem!Another problem is with the Caller ID function . It almost never shows up until the last ring and about 1/3 of the time it never shows up at all ! My last phone showed the caller ID usually after only the first ring.I see from the large number of reviewers giving the same complaints , that I am not alone . From reading other people 's stories over many months , it seems that Panasonic has not been able to remedy their problems very well either . These phones were really expensive and now I have no other choice but to throw them away and buy new ones !!! The biggest disappointment I have overall is that after more than a year of knowing of these serious problems , Panasonic STILL continues to sell these phones without even blinking !!! Because of this , after 25 years of buying their products almost exclusively , it will be a l-o-n-g time before I buy another Panasonic product again !!!
 This phone has one BIG flaw
 I purchased this phone about ten months ago . I am now on my fourth battery , and will probably be sending the phone back to Panasonic for the second time . Battery life is absolutely terrible . Maximum talk time is 30 minutes at best , but is typically much less . Customer Support is useless , do n't waste your time . The personnel are surly and uncooperative . I 'm pretty sure that after four trys , I know how to charge the battery , but the first words out of their mouths is that I did n't do it right . This is followed closly by send the phone to our Customer Support Center . Never mind that I have already done this only to have the phone returned six weeks later with a finding of no fault found , installed new battery . The only glimmer of intellegent life at the other end of the phone this last time was the comment by the agent `` there must be something wrong with the phone '' unfortunately that statement was followed with `` send it to the Service Center , they will fix it '' . Fat chance . Oh and do n't bother to try to call the Service Center . Panasonic has come up with a great way to reduce call volume , no toll free number . This phone is a lemon . Do n't buy it , or any other Panasonic product again . They lost my trust , and it will be a long time , if ever , before they get it back .
 After waiting for Panasonic to come up with it 's own `` non V-Tech '' expandable phone system , I was excited when this model showed up on the shelves this Summer . I purchased it along with an extra headset . The sound quality was excellent , and the features were nice , but I returned it because the battery did n't hold a charge . After being on `` standby '' for 10 hours , both handsets went from 3 bars -LRB- fully charged -RRB- to one bar -LRB- needs recharging -RRB- . My old analog 900mhz Panasonic stayed fully charged for four-to-five days . Sure , I could keep the handset in the charger at all times , but who does that?Also , the caller-ID was very slow to post the name/number on the display . After the 2nd ring , `` incoming call '' would still appear . Frustrating . Another annoying thing was the inabilty to auto-dial multiple numbers from the handset . This is needed if you have a pre-paid calling card . Because the maxium numbers you can auto-dial is 22 , it is impossible to do this .
 This is the most disappointing purchase I have ever made . I expected a lot for the money - at the very least , for the phone to work . I bought the 2nd handset for this , and both of them behave the same way . The charger does not work - after being on the cradle for 24 hrs , the phone indicates to put it back on the cradle - can not talk . On a good day , I can talk on either handset for 10 minutes before it dies with little warning . While sitting right next to the base , the phone indicates to get closer to base . I live in a shoebox apartment , so there should n't be a case of being too far from the base . The caller ID does n't work - we hardly EVER get an actual name or number - just `` outside caller '' . Customer Service indicates 7 minutes to answer , but what the automated voice really means is `` never '' or in an hour . This phone could have a lot of potential -LRB- based on all of the other cool features -RRB- but the most important features are LEMONS . I feel ripped off .
 If you do not mind constant problems , then this is the phone for you ! I loved this phone at first but within the first couple of months it `` turned '' on us . Things just started not working . Panasonic is NOT interested in correcting the problem even though the consumer is the one who must pay to send the product back to the service center . There are reviews all over the Amazon site that give a true picture of what this phone is all about . It really is a great phone on paper and apparently cordless phone technology just can not catch up with cell phones . They really have a LOT of bugs to get out of the systems.Do yourself a favor , get a cheap cordless phone/answering machine . At least when it fails , you will not be out as much money as this unit costs and you will probably get better quality and most of the features that you want .
 I got this phone because my first panasonic cordless phone was such a lemon , they gave me this one as a trade in on the warranty . This model is even WORSE . After just a few weeks , and two , yes two , new batteries later , the phone holds a charge for maybe 20 minutes , then needs to be recharged for at least 12 hours before it can be used again . If you like frustration , and paying a lot of money for a piece of garbage , then this is the phone for you ...
 I have had this KX-TG2730S model over three months now and everything worked fine until 2 months ago ! The first problemstarted with battery life . It wouldn &#146; t hold the charge for more than 45 minutes of talk time . Then I started noticing -LRB- 5 weeks after I purchased the phone -RRB- that caller ID would take 3 maybe 4 rings to show me the number . And finally a week ago the answering machine started to complain that its message box is full . The problem is that I never had -LRB- and still don &#146; t have -RRB- any messages . So I my voice-mail box can &#146; t record any messages . This phone does not have any special batteries to hold messages ! It &#146; s one the new designs where messages get stored in a special memory chip . And trust me , the only option for me is to send it back to Panasonic . I just got of the phone with them and , yap , they will send me another refurbished one . I am NOT thrilled at all !!! Just disappointed that I purchased Panasonic in the first place !
 Even though phones with identical features are available for less than half the cost , I bought this phone mistakenly believing Panasonic quality was worth the extra money . However , this phone is a piece of junk . For one , the `` DIGITAL SP-PHONE '' button frequently stops working , both before attempting to make a call and after completing a call . That is right , you can not hang up !! In fact , all buttons in that vicinity fail to work . I have to unplug the phone for several minutes to make these work again and even this strategy fails at times.It is amazing Panasonic decided to put Ni-Cd batteries instead of Ni-Mh . Battery life is a joke ! The only option appears to be to ship my phone to their service center -LRB- at MY expense -RRB- . But , after reading the reviews here , I realize that is a waste of time and money . Shame on the engineers who designed this phone and shame on the company that continues to sell this ! Lessons learnt :1 . Before buying ANY product , check the reviews at amazon.com . A good number of negative reviews means a definite no-no .2 . NEVER again a Panasonic product . * NEVER * BTW , IMHO , this product is an excellent candidate for a class-action lawsuit .
 Oh , let us count the ways :1 -RRB- The battery life , as everyone mentions , is horrible . I suspect their recharging unit is not very smart , and thus they kill the batteries thanks to overcharging due to the so-called battery ` memory effort , ' but I do not know this fer sure . The battery in one phone has now died on us , one is now so faint you can barely hear it , and the last one does n't recharge much , and dies within the span of a 10 minute conversation when ` fully ' charged .2 -RRB- There is also a short in the system , possibly related to the bad battery life , that results in the LCD screen blanking out when the phone is on the charger , and it only sometimes comes back alive . This makes the nice Caller ID LCD feature often useless .3 -RRB- They are NOT at all cheap for this level of crappiness . We decided to spring for what we thought were ` high-end ' phones and got a terrible phone instead.We will probably try to find the Energizer ER-P511 batteries to see if that solves our problems . But I 'm tempted to go back to old but far more reliable phones . Alas , if only our cell phones worked in the house . -LRB- DO N'T get me started on that one ... -RRB-
 I just returned this phone after owning it for two weeks . The actual phone was decent enough ... good layout and good sound . What I hated was the caller_id ... for some reason the caller_id only displayed after two or three rings ... way too late and not much time before the phone rolled into voicemail.I called Panasonic 1-800 about the slow caller_id and they admitted customers complained about it . They gave me a few setting to try changing on my phone . I performed the suggestions but no change for my slow caller_id ... so I returned the phone ...
 I reacently purchased this phone and am going to return it because the caller ID works half the time at best . I called panasonics tech support 3 times with no avail . I had a full charge in the battery and when I took it out it lost its charge immediately , -LRB- whats with that ? -RRB- . Oh by the way it only took 24 hrs to recharge it , yes you heard me right 24 HOURS.The sound quality was very good , speaker on hand set work well , but in lieu of the things I mentioned this baby is going back to the store .
 I have this phone and its the worst as far as battery life.I thought buying a extra handset would help but that battery life is just as bad.they tell you talk time is so many hours , I am lucky if I get 10 minutes talk time and its dead.I have never been so disappointed in a product like this.For what I payed for this phone it is more hype than anything.Its horrible.I will never buy a panasonic product again .
 I bought this phone because I liked the features and I trust Panasonic . My panasonic products have always performed very well . However , this is the worst phone I have ever owned as well as the most expensive . The battery life is horrible and there is no warning it is about to die . The battery meter can show a full charge and then after just a short while you will be cut off and the phone will be dead . It does n't even give you a warning beep . Panasonic owes an apology to anyyone who has ever purchased this phone .
 I 've owned Panasonic phones pretty much for the last 10 years and they 've all been great . When I saw the verbose feature list on this phone plus the 2.4 Ghz range , I jumped.I liked the cell phone like approach to storing numbers , though the interface is quite clunky . Sometimes it 's hard to figure out your way back to the main menu.Anyway , the main beef I have with this phone is battery life and construction quality . I 've had the phone for less than a year and the battery has reached the point where it starts beeping after having one conversation on the phone . This is unacceptable . For some reason , the LCD panel has gotten so faded that I can barely read it without extreme darkness . I tried to adjust the contrast but nothing happened.Luckily I bought this phone with a 2yr replacement warranty at Best Buy and I 'm returning it and its accessory phone to get a better system.I was very happy with the features but the promise was greater than the execution .
 Phone looks cool . But , you can talk only for 10 minutes using speakerphone and battery gets exchausted completely and 90 % of the time caller id is not displayed . So , please do n't waste money on this !!
 My biggest gripes . The batteries do n't last worth @ ## $ @ ! @ ! . The meter always reads that it 's low . And , you slightly bump the handset it comes on , preventing anyone from reaching you and draining the battery . You ca n't carry this thing anywhere ... your guaranteed to hit one of the buttons indiscriminately . One of my handsets refuses to work ... no matter how many times I reprogram -LRB- reset -RRB- it fails to recognize the base . I 'VE HAD IT WITH THIS THING !!!
 The battery is worthless . I 've had the phone for about 9 months , and the battery can not hold a charge and continues to get worse , and I 'm about to buy a new phone to replace my new phone . As the price on this baby already has fallen steeply , I guess panasonic has realized its a dud and you should avoid it all costs .
 I bought this phone since our old , and still working , cordless phone was reliable and also a Panasonic . I even bought an extra handset . Well I have n't had this set but a year and the battery life has gotten horrible . If it 's on the charger all night , I get about 45 minutes of talk time before it dies . I am always babysitting this phone by making sure it 's on the charger . I never had to do that with the old one , and still do n't . I am really disappointed in this product.I spent a lot of money on these phones and it infuriates me that I 'll need to go and buy a new set of phones . Only this time it will not be Panasonic .
 The phone does look cool-better than the previous models . The battery life on the handset is pathetic . All night charge may get you 10 minutes of talk-time , if you 're lucky . Defeats the purpose of buying a cordless phone altogether . Caller ID does not work properly , most of the times .
 It is with great frustration that I am writing this product review . I have had too much trouble with the battery for the cordless telephone handset -LRB- Model KX-TG2700S -RRB- and I have complained to Panasonics as described below.March 8 , 2005
 Horrible battery life . Returned the first one after a week , but second one was no better . Constantly needs charging and even then I 'm lucky to get 1/2 hour of talk time . My old Panasonics were incredible - with regular use I could go 4 or 5 days without charging . Sadly , I do n't think the 5.8 g 's are any better .
 Tons of cool features but no battery life to make any of them work for more than hour . Leave it on the charger all night and you 'll get maybe an hour of talk time . Leave it off the charger all night and you 'll get maybe 2 minutes of talk time . Buy something else !
 I 've had this phone for over a year.The Panasonic batteries are the biggest problem , because they fail after short periods and can be very expensive . -LRB- As another review suggested , I 'm now trying the Energizer NiMH replacements , but it 's too soon to tell . -RRB- Also , the additional headsets are markedly overpriced.Otherwise , sound quality is fair to good . It 's poor when 2 people are on different extensions . Also , when on speakerphone , voicemail systems seem unable to hear the touchtones at times , so one needs to switch to using the handset directly.We 're still using these phones , but obtained a new set from Uniden -LRB- with which I 've had much greater success -RRB- in case these give us further trouble . Would recommend avoiding this series of Panasonic phones .
 I 've had this phone for about 3 months , and it 's now going back to the store . I really tried to give it a go , but the poor quality is unbearable.I like the multi-featured factor of the phone , but the most important features that NEED to operate properly -LRB- Caller ID/Waiting Display , battery life -RRB- do n't seem too work well.Caller ID/Call Waiting ID 's come through only intermittenly . It also takes about 4 rings for the ID to register , if at all . It only registers ID # 's every 4th/5th call , even if it 's the same # that had previously registered on the ID screen or pre-programmed into your phone address book.Battery life is extremely poor . After an hour of conversation , the phone beeps mercilessly in your ear , and the battery runs out within 5 minutes . You have to leave it on the base/charger for well over 15 hours , and at best , you still only get one-one and a half hour of talk time out of it , if you 're lucky.Customer service is nil . Their line is either busy or you 're put on hold for over 30 minutes . I 've yet to speak to a representative.Mine 's going back to the store . Unfortunatley , finding a caller ID/waiting phone with decent battery life seems to be a huge ordeal these days . You 'd think with all the technology available to date , it 'd be a cinch . Some of the ones I 'm considering are
 I have had two of these where the handset has just died in a matter of weeks . I just read the other comments with the battery life issue but dont know if that is what caused the failures . Other than that the phone is reasonably good and its speakerphone handset feature is pretty useful -LRB- though the sound quality is sometimes questionable -RRB- . Its still a little unnerving to have two of these reasonably expensive phones just malfunction within weeks .
 This is not a desk blotter . It slides all over the place . In the photos on the packaging , there is a computer and a keyboard on top of it . Now I know why .
 Purchased RCA Models # 25415RE3 & # 25414RE3 to use in a small office situation . These were replacements for the Panasonic KX-TG4000B system , which was barely out of warranty when a major malfunction occurred -LRB- that 's another story -RRB- . Bought the RCA phone system simply for the reason that we were in dire need of a replacement phone system and it advertised the features we needed . First problem encountered was that the User 's Manual is in a CD format , and you must print out the PDF file to really use the manual . The manual leaves a lot to be desired in the ease of use area . The phones do n't integrate nearly as easily as RCA would have you believe . The biggest problem we encountered , within 4 days of receiving the phones , is an RCA-acknowledged difficulty with how the 25415RE3 model in particular handles power outages . On the 4th day the phone system was in operation , we experienced a 3-hour power outage , which is not really uncommon in our area . It had taken me 3 days to fully program all the features of the phones as I wanted them , including manually entering 98 names and numbers in the directory . New batteries had been installed in the phone as instructed , and the phone functioned well enough during the power outage to continue business operations . However , as soon as the electric power was restored , the 25415RE phone started flashing an intermittent `` Message Waiting Line 4 '' message on both the base set and the cordless unit , even though there were no messages in the mailbox , and despite the fact that the answering machine was programmed to not take messages on that line . Additionally , the base unit keeps flashing `` Install New Batteries '' even with the replacement of the batteries . The RCA website has absolutely no help information , despite attempts to search their FAQ section . I called the 800 help line , and after over 45 minutes on hold , was informed by the rep that this is a frequent problem with the phone . She did have a fix for the problem - which entailed totally unplugging the phone lines and AC adaptor , removing the batteries , and waiting 30 minutes . Then - wonders of wonders - the annoying `` Message Waiting '' will be gone - along with ALL of your programming and all 98 directory names and numbers . Sounded like a great fix to me . Additionally , we 're currently experiencing a lot of problems with the sound quality , especially on the cordless handsets . All in all , not the quality I would expect for the price . Have no suggestions for someone in the market for something similar , other than to stay away from Panasonic and apparently RCA brands
 I 'm slightly hearing impaired and because of that , was always messing up my boss 's phone messages
 I have a small business with three phone lines . As the previous review says , you can not use the cordless handset and the base unit at the same time . Also , you can only use one cordless phone with each base unit . When they say expandable I do n't think they understand what that usually means ... Forget about buying one base and three handsets and having all four lines accessible to the handsets ... This phone is a waste of time if that is what you are after ...
 But noooo , I went ahead and bought one of these for my home office . My biggest complaint is that if you 're talking on line 1 , and another call comes in on line 2 , the answering machine does not answer it ! It lets it just ring and ring . Unacceptable .
 I was in charge of finding a phone system for our small office and settled on the RCA . We were unable to hear or be heard . This system was returned and a big waist of time . I do not know how this system could be acceptable to any user .
 As usual , GE hides the fact that they are the real manufacturers . Wonder why that is ... I bought this phone just over 3 months ago , and now it just quit working . The only thing that works , is the receiver ... and I could haqve bought an $ 8 phone from the Dollar Store to do that.Now that I know , GE AND RCA is off my list .
 I guess I deserved this ! I purchased the RCA 2542RE1 phone for my 2 line business . I carefully researched the product , and read so many reviews . I really just felt like that there was NO WAY that a 4 line phone would not let you answer a call on line 1 , -LRB- even though I had been warned -RRB- and someone else answer the ringing line on the 2nd phone - but it is true ! As I am on line one , and line 2 is ringing , all I can do is let it ring - it will not even go to an answering machine - my customers probably think I run a shabby business ! There were people who said this , but I just knew that they had to be wrong ... so , shame on me for not listening to what people said . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 Thanks to all you on this page . I have checked a number of other sites as well and found that this phone is universally panned . Poor base/cordless interaction , radio and other interference , poor durability . I bought 8 of these and have not opened one . I am going to save myself a lot of time and headache and return them on Monday . Thanks again for your helpful insight .
 Let me tell you all first what I would write last . After trying for a week to make this system work , I returned it today and am buying a Uniden 900Mhz DSS phone.I bought three handsets and a 2402 base station in the hopes of replacing a few old Uniden 900Mhz phones for use in my house . This appears to be a very well made product with lots of usefull features , such as multiple handsets running off one base station and both global and selective handset paging . Unfortunately , it has very limited interior range . It would not work more than about 40 feet between rooms , notwithstanding trying different locations for the base station . To make matters worse , the handsets beep four time whenever the handset senses being out of range - which can happen on an intermittent basis , and for me during the middle of the night ! Siemens ' tech support confirmed that they have limited range and had no solutions for use within a normal size home . I never had an interior or exterior range problem with my 900Mhz phones . If you wnat to use a cordless phone for other than within one room , stick with 900Hmz .
 We have 3 offices using these phones and 6 of the 22 sets have failed within one year . Highly unreliable . Will not recommendGB
 The base station works okay . The handset is TERRIBLE , TERRIBLE !! I am sorry I bought this thing . I do n't know why there are good reviews on this device as mine barely works well enough to replace two tin cans with string between them . I 'm looking for a replacement for the whole system .
 I really enjoyed the Gigaset system -LRB- base unit with answering machine and one handset -RRB- for about 15 months . Over the last few months , however , one handset had become progressively worse with dropped calls and fading while talking -LRB- it became unusable a few weeks ago based on comments from others that they could n't hear me -RRB- . A few days ago the second handset started to show the same symptoms ! This is unacceptable given the price of this system.I have owned a number of Panasonic and AT&T ; cordless phones over the years and only stopped using them to upgrade , not due to build quality . Siemens is the first cordless system I 've had to abandon due to product failure -LRB- and the most expensive I 've ever owned -RRB- . Sadly , the Siemens phones are made in the USA -LRB- I guess we can not produce quality electronics in our country any longer -RRB- . Well , I 'm now the happy owner of a vtech 5831 -LRB- speaker phone base unit and expansion handset included - with expansion of up to 5 add ' l handsets -RRB- . I know it 's early but I did my homework on vtech and feel much more confident given their reputation . While researching I learned that vtech produces AT&T ; labeled phones and both `` brands '' are much more highly regarded than Siemens.Check the reviews and you 'll see that the vtech 5831 is an outstanding system -LRB- especially compared to Siemens -RRB- ; let 's just hope it lasts longer .
 Well , you heard that saying , do n't judge a book by it 's cover.DON ' T BE LURED IN !! This product has lasted two years -LRB- I wanted to squeeze every cent out of it ! -RRB- but i had to endure a lot of pain , the system 's display only works when pressed hard . You need to shake it , for it to work most times and sometimes it can not find it 's home base ... searching ... searching.Advice - search for a panasonic model !
 I bought the 2-line Siemens 2420 system with 1 handset . I bought two additional refurbished handsets . After 4 months both of them died . To protect my investment I tried buying a new handset and found out nobody carries new handsets anymore , and few places they wanted $ for each.I am not very pleased with quality of the phones and the phone system . Every 45 days the phone system locks-up and I have to reset the stystem and set it up again -LRB- I am becoming expert in that !! -RRB- . This would be my last purchase of any Siemens system . They even do n't want to repair their own system .
 One would think that Siemens would not put it 's name on such a piece of junk . Terrible reception , constant technical problems reduce this promising system to an extraordinarily overpriced paperweight . Customer service while polite was a complete waste of time , as was constantly sending back units for `` refurbished '' replacements . Do not waste your time and or money on this system , Siemens should be ashamed .
 One would think that Siemens would not put it 's name on such a piece of junk . Terrible reception , constant technical problems reduce this promising system to an extraordinarily overpriced paperweight . Customer service while polite was a complete waste of time , as was constantly sending back units for `` refurbished '' replacements . Do not waste your time and or money on this system , Siemens should be ashamed .
 I would NOT recommend this phone at all . The line crackles even when I am standing close to the base , and it is much worse when if you happen to use your microwave . The design of the handset is horrible - when you hold the phone under your chin the placement of the talk button is such that you hang up on your own call and the buttons are not illuminated.I 've called Siemens several times and the will not refund my money on this defective unit . Thy are crooks , do not ever buy a phone from them . Their customer service group was completely unhelpful .
 I use my phone a lot . This one has reasonable features , but navigation -LRB- especially the redial facility -RRB- is cumbersome and irritating -LRB- taking 3 key presses -RRB- . In addition you have to dial slowly or the phone misses some key presses.Finally the keypad is getting worn out -LRB- I 've had it for a year -RRB- . Not impressed .
 I have had problems with two of the supplementary handsets . The batteries died in one unit and another unit just died . The base unit also malfunctioned . Line 2 is always off hook . Reliability , durability and service are poor . The lack of speaker phones and lit keys on the portable units along with poor quality make this a product to avoid .
 I have two Siemen 's 2.4 GHz Digital Phones - the base unit with digital answering machine and one satellite unit . About a month or two after getting them , the performance started to rapidly go downhill . I could hear everyone fine , but people on the other end said I sounded choppy , garbled or was simply `` breaking up '' . Initially , I thought it was interference . However , I am not near any telecom towers nor power lines . I have switched off every electrical appliance , florescent lighting , air conditioning , anything that might create a magnetic field or otherwise interfere with the signal . I have stood immediately next to the base unit - and it still refused to clear up.I now think its the incredibly -LSB- ... -RSB- quality batteries Siemen 's ships with this phone - NiCad . NiCad is an outdated technology and clearly does n't belong in a phone costing -LSB- ... -RSB- or more . We should get Nickel Metal Hydride or ideally a Lithium-technology battery -LRB- like you get with today 's cell phones -RRB- . With such a cheap and nasty power source , you get totally -LSB- ... -RSB- performance and this phone rapidly becomes a frustrating waste of everyone 's time . I 'm going to try and return mine to Amazon for credit - total waste of money .
 This phone came highly recommended by telecom people in my company . However , the 2402 has yet to live up to the hype . I really enjoy the range on the phone . But whether I am next to the base unit or 2 doors down , the call quality is lousy . I am asked 4 out of 5 calls if I am on a cell phone . The cutting out is extremely noticeable . I ca n't believe the amount of money I spent for the quality I received . I 'm sticking with my corded analog until I find something else and can afford it .
 I have used Amazon.com for other purchases and have been completely satisfied with their products and services up until I wanted to expand the # of 2400 giga-sets I have on my Siemens phone system . I ordered 2 after market refurbished units in January 2003 , $ $ each , of which only 1 worked . I sent it back and it was replaced with another failing unit , which was replaced with yet another failing unit . I am tired of the RMAs , shipping charges , poor products & service.Amazon.com is great for books , CDs , DVDs , etc. . but stay away from the refurbs .
 I am not in the habit of giving bad reviews , but I unfortunately have to in this case . I was an early adopter of the system - it was just perfect for the older house we lived in at the time . The fact that the old house had just a couple of phone outlets had been a real problem before I found this system -LRB- I bought the 2415 -RRB- . I hauled out my credit card and bought the system and three extra handsets , very expensive . For about two months , things were great . Even my wife , a noted technophobe , was impressed . THEN ... The great wave of handset failures began . They ALL eventually failed . Understand that these were purchased new -LRB- not refurbs -RRB- for a LOT of money . Siemens replaced them all more than once , until the original warranty ran out . As soon as the original warranty ran out , it was suddenly not thier problem , even though they agreed that I had not had a functional handset more than a couple of months . Of course , then replacing the handset -LRB- one , apparently , does n't repair these little gems -RRB- became prohibitively expensive . The base , as far as I can tell , always worked fine . It still does , I think , but since I have no handset to access it as it sits electronically blind and deaf , I ca n't really tell.In summary - the handset is the problem.Replaced the whole thing with a Panasonic system , which works perfectly . Do that instead
 I wish I had read these reviews before plunking down around -LSB- the $ -RSB- for the 2402 and four handsets . I got the same run aroundfrom the manufacturer about re-regestering the handsets andbase . After trying that around 4 times , the manufacturer is sending mea new base unit to see if that helps . By the way , if you have anyother electronics that use 2.4 GHZ technology , -LRB- i.e. security cam. , video sender/receiver etc. forget it . They just wo n't work if thephone is in use . Save your money until the manufacturer admits theyhave a problem and improves their system . Stick with 900mgz !
 DO NOT buy a refurbished set . Mine lasted just past the 90 day return policy and stopped working . Siemens are not interested in fixing it .
 I 've owned the base station and four handsets -LRB- six if you include the warranty replacements -RRB- . The handsets are absolutely worthless . They do n't stay charged , they click and pop while you 're using them and the LED display goes out within the first year . Siemens is still in the cordless phone business , but they wo n't get another dime out of me ! Do n't waste your money !!!
 We 've had the Gigaset 2420 with 3 wireless units for almost 3 years now . The battery life on the wireless hand sets has been terrible all along , and we 've even tried changing the batteries . Now , one of the wireless base stations has starting to die on us . The conversation begins fine , and barely lasts for 20 seconds or so . The quality of voice starts to stutter and gets really . . really choppy . Finally to the extent that one has to drop the call . Although its out of warranty , but for the of this system , one would not expect such a poor quality from such an expensive set . Our much inexpensive phones from other manufacturers are still working flawlessly.I would NOT recommend this system to anyone .
 We bought the Siemens 2402 with two receivers and then a another 2.4 GHz Siemens two-line with two receivers . Both systems exhibit the same really bad quality . Conversations are cut off , as though every other word is transmitted . It seems not to be a range problem , because the problem occurs whether we are five feet from the base , or 100 feet . I finally concluded it was just a lousy quality phone system , especially since the same problem occurs in both systems . Siemens has been totally unresponsive , sending me standard , unhelpful responses to my inquiries .
 We bought two Siemens 2.4 GHz two-line cordless phone systems and two one-line instruments . These phones have proven to be so bad in terms of voice quality that we are now going to replace them . Consistently , the phones have a stuttering voice quality making it very difficulty to understand us when we are talking.Overall , despite the very high cost , these phones have to rank as the worst phones we have ever purchased . We have written to Siemens about the poor quality and received a polite non-response .
 We have had this system for almost two years -- DO NOT BUY IT ! After writing the manufacturer and getting a form-letter response , we still have had no luck . We have the base and 4 cordless extensions , and nothing works right ! All of the cordless extensions continually sound like you are underwater or as our callers put it `` have a helicopter flyng above you . '' Other times the phones just drop the call . And this is when the batteries are fully charged , although we have also found that they do n't hold their charges for long.The phones look cool , but that 's all going for this system . Given the price , you would hope for something more functional , better organized -LRB- try getting through the answering machine menu ... THAT 'S a chore !!! -RRB- , and more reliable . This phone system will NOT work in a cordless environment , is NOT easy to use , and should NOT be purchased !
 I concur with `` Electronics fan from NJ '' who wrote his review on the 2415 base unit , which I also bought
 Got this system , the baseset and handsets , but they did n't last much more than about five months . First one handset stopped charging , and then the base unit stopped transmitting . Their range -LRB- within a normal sized house -RRB- was never all that good either .
 I 've read some current reviews about this phone system and decided to add my review late in case anyone thinks about purchasing this discontinued system -LRB- refurb , ebay or where ever -RRB- . Take heed in the negative reviews . I purchased the base unit plus 3 additional phones a few years back from Circuit City when it was still the top of the line . It worked great for 9 months , then like other reviews here , the system tanked without a single thing changing in our house . All of a sudden the sound quality fluctuated from serviceable to horrible , handsets could no longer lock onto the base unit even from the next room or feet away from the base unit . The answering system becomes frustrating over time because it seemed to have problems of it 's own picking up , recorded message/greeting . Customer support was a bad experience , online support is nill . We still have the phone system sitting in a closet and I was looking for the manual , yet up to par with the rest of their support , you can not find it on their support web site ... I found it here on Amazon where I guess some kind soul submitted it and brought me to write this review.In France , Siemens phone systems are the rage my wife just returned from her trip ... but it must be something with the Euro models . In the US , they are junk.Replaced the Siemens system with a Panasonic 5.8 ghz KX-TG5100M system for about 2 years now and have had nothing but fantastic success . The only negative/problem we encountered was the system used the NiCd 850mAh batteries and a year ago during a week long power outage -LRB- hurricane -RRB- the $ 25 batteries drained and would not recharge no matter what . On a hunch , I called Panasonic customer support and explained my situation and they sent me new 1000mAh NiMH batteries for all my phones at no charge . To this day I have yet to experience 1 real problem.Panasonic makes great phones , better to spend your money on something other than Siemens
 We have a siemens system with five handsets . I am worn out by the extent to which ambient noise is picked up by the speaker , when I 'm talking to other people . The microphone should be much more focused on the speaker , not on the room . It 's completely aggravating , and very disappointing in such an expensive headset.The menu system for setting up the handset and the transmitter is also annoying , but that 's par for the course in these kinds of headsets . I do like the intercom feature and the range is satisfactory , though not stellar .
 I have a base unit and 3 handsets , and in about a year 2 of the handsets died . One was replaced by Siemens under warranty , and the replacement kind of sort of works if you do n't mind pressing the buttons real hard and being patient . One hand set was about a month out of warrenty , and I replaced it with a refub unit , which also kind of works - as long as you do n't talk longer than 10 minutes , after which time the handset cuts out . The one handset that still works is one that is not used much . The hand sets are not very robust , and I would definitely not buy a Siemens product -LRB- again -RRB- .
 Great concept in a phone . It initially worked very well and then rapidly developed problems in the handsets -LRB- none in the base unit -RRB- . Poor reception , poor battery life , etc. all prompted me to return units , only to receive equally poor quality handsets . For the price it 's truly an outrage . Now I 'm stuck with this pig and I hope this review helps others avoid the same mistake.Switched to a similar item from Panasonic which works far better .
 There are more refurbished Gigasets by Siemens 's esp 2400 & 2420 on the market ... Does that tell you something ... -LRB- Duh -RRB- Both handsets stopped functioning properly after only a month ... repeated registering to base failed . . handsets are easily damaged ... Do yourself a favor get a DIFFERENT brand . Wish I had read more reviews , before I got mine ... they 'll work , but not for long .
 Just as another reviewer mentioned , our cordless often made it sound as if we were talking under water . The cordless handset would not hold a charge very well either . Finally , after less than two years of use , the cordless died on us . The features are what sold us on this phone as we had hoped to use it for both our home and home office . We love the light-weight , slim cordless . The desk phone has great features . However , it 's tough to swallow that we spent this much on a phone and the handset did n't last at all . We are left with a desk phone but ca n't convince ourselves to risk the money on another handset to replace it . Anyone care to buy a couple chargers ? : -RRB-
 I loved the styling and sound of the Gigaset but after just a week or two the display on the unit stopped working . The rechargeable battery would n't charge some of the time either . Overall , I would n't recommend this unit . If you feel the need to buy it though , hang on to the receipt and box and do n't be surprised if you find yourself returning it shortly after .
 The most expensive and the most disappointing of a long line of cordless phones I 've owned and operated in Manhattan , including an analog model from Sony and digital models from AT&T and Panasonic.High marks on looks , but this model has very poor sound quality -- comparable to last-generation walkie-talkies . -LRB- I ca n't count the number of times callers have asked if they 'd reached me on my cell phone ! -RRB- I also found the interface less than intuitive , requiring * three * button clicks to simply redial a number . I should also note that from day one I 've experienced extrememly inconsistent recharging cycles.Perhaps rural or suburban dwellers will experience better sound quality , but I counsel city folk to stay away from this unit .
 The display window does not light up , making it difficult to see at night .90 days after use , the display window went out completely .
 Batteries die after a extremely short life . Customer service says that a Nickle Metal Hydride battery should be used instead . Well , if that was the case , why did n't they supply one with the phone ? The handset gets very warm when charging unless placed face-down on the base . When the battery dies , the handset/base get very hot and might pose a fire hazard ; they should all be recalled and replaced with a better design .
 I bought this phone system for my office . What a hassel ! It 's like talking into a box , poor sound quality for the money . Panasonic and Sony systems are better , I 've switched . Also , I had problems with second handset and needed replacement which was easy . The problem was short battery life , needed constant recharging . Features are nice but could be more user friendly instead of having to train people on how to use the extra features .
 I have to admit that I was very disappointed with the sound quality of the phone . I had a constant hum in the ear piece throughout every call . At times it even sounded scratchy . Even when standing next to the base with no other electrical devices on in the house , it was still the same . I also tried moving the base to different phone jacks and electrical outlets , but there was no improvement . I thought that I may have just received a lemon . I returned it for an even exchange of the same unit hoping for a better experience - I should have learned the first time . The second one was no better , in fact I think it may have been worse ! In addition , the range on the phone was short , I could n't even walk across the street to my mailbox without getting static . Distance was never a problem with my Sony 900mhz DSS . The Siemens phone offers many cool features and a sleek design , but I could not tolerate the noise and was forced to return it for a completely different manufacturer . I have checked with other members of my company that have purchased this and other models , many of them have similar complaints .
 If you like to sound like your talking into a can , this is the phone for you . Everything else works great except for the sound quality outbound . Nice look , nice features , poor microphone .
 I have had this phone for about 2 weeks now , and I just wanted to add my 2 cents to other users ' reviews
 I agree with mcrazi8 from Washington 's review . I received a call on behalf of my long distance carrier promoting the model 242 2.4 ghz cordless phone . It was hard getting used to my own voice blasting in my ear as I talked as well as the discomfort of the hot battery which ran down very quickly . After about 2 months , my display looked like the dislpay on a calculator that had malfunctioned , with unreadable , and mutated number symbols which finally disappeared all-together . Now it will not hold a charge and I have the same problems attempting to find a replacement battery . 200 + $ later , I 'm a very angry customer .
 The battery does n't hold a charge for more than about a day to a day and a half , and this is with little use . The caller ID feature often just reports `` Incoming Call '' and no other info about caller , even though it is a number that shows up at other times . If you like hands free operation , do n't expect it with this phone . If you think the high frequency means better reception , it does n't . My cheekbone often hits the talk button and disconnects me . The bottom line ... I HATE THIS TELEPHONE AND I WISH I HAD SENT IT BACK !!!
 This phone may look good , but it has few , if any , strengths that set it apart from the competition . Poor battery life
 While this phone basically does what it advertises to do , it fails to impress because of a certain amount of thoughtlessness in the details.For example , it is , in fact , imbued with a reliable caller ID service , speed dialing , and a helpful caller log . But the LED screen isn?t backlit . As a result all those neat features aren?t usable at night , when you perhaps need them most . Likewise , its small size at first seems a convenience?until you remember that comfort is more important in a home phone than portability . Bigger phones are better around the house , where you tend to want a phone you can actually rest on your shoulder.But its bigger offenses , I think , have to do with the way it performs its most basic functions
 This phone is quite different from other cordless phones on the market , but not necessarily in good ways . it 's super small , which would seem great until trying to do the hands-free shoulder cradle thing . the design is sleek and there 's no antenna sticking out , but ergonomics suffer . the biggest factor in returning this is the sound quality . it has 2.4 ghz but neither i nor my callers could tolerate all of the static . unfortunately i did n't research this enough -- after reading various product reviews , i 'm going to send it back and try a sanyo or panasonic .
 I was looking for a phone with the caller ID function and a mute button . This was the only phone I could find that had both those features . I bought the 242 right before Christmas and did n't have problems for about 2 months . The handset gets exteremely hot in both the charger and when used . You can not control ringing volume and everytime you delete a caller ID it beeps . There is no way to turn the noise on or off . My phone no longer charges and constantly says `` out of range . '' I have attempted to find a battery for it , to see if that is the problem , and no one carries it . The Siemens website is no help , it states that the 242 uses 2 AA 's but mine is a NiCd 600 mAh with an uncommon connector . All the generic brands sold in stores have a larger connector . I have checked Radio Shack , Walmart , Verizon phone store , Target , and the Good Guys . Stores that even sell this phone do not sell the battery for replacement . If you want a strong phone go for a Panasonic or Sony . While the price is right on this phone and the sound and signal strength are ok , the hassle is not worth it .
 I bought this product and thought it was great . The caller ID was nice , the reception was clear and I could walk nearly 100 yards from the base . The design and color were very contemporary looking in my office . The only problem is that the earpiece went out about 1 week after I bought it . In fact , it started fading in and out the 2nd day of use . Anyway , I returned it to Staples and got another . The same problem soon persisted again . I finally took it back for a brand I was familiar with -LRB- Plantronics -RRB- and the clerk said they have been getting alot of this brand back for the same problem . ALSO , I was talking with my brother a few days later who bought this phone for his business and also had the same problem with the earpiece going out . He had gotten 3 new ones . Anyway , this is probably a defective product and I would recommend not buying this particular one . I am turned off on the company and will not buy anything else of theirs ever again . I am in the process of writing to them to see if I can get some answers .
 sound from the earpiece starts dimming/coming back , to the point where I can not hear the conversation ! had staples replace , then had siemens replace , conclusion , a 100 $ piece of junk!would never buy a siemens phone again .
 I too am getting the `` white noise '' static that others have talked about here . I tryed doing the technique Siemens recommends to make it go away -LRB- de-register/power down/re-register -RRB- , but it 's not fixing the problem . There is nothing in my house that should be interferring with the phone . I 've tryed two Gigasets now with the same problem . I 've since tryed a Panasonic 2.4 GHz phone in my house and had no problem with static at all . Obviously , there 's a flaw with the Siemens phones . Siemens customer service says there 's nothing else they can do about it . That 's very disappointing . I really wanted to use this phone because of the expandibility , but the `` white noise '' static is just too annoying , and apparently , not fixable .
 i bought this phone yesterday and returned it today . the sound of the base speaker is tinny and unclear . while the sound of the other party was clear to me on the phone , the other party thought i was on a speaker phone . the features are far from intuitive and it requires just too many steps to change the settings . i was atracted to this phone because of it 's looks and functionality , but trust me , it 's a let down . also the the way it 's wired is just too unique . the phone jack and power suply share a single plug on the unit . that way if you need to replace iether of them , you have to go back to siemens . i replaced this phone with the panisonic 2570 and it wo n't take much for that to be the better phone .
 Siemens had a good concept with the 2415 , but the audio quality is poor . The hissing/buzzing sound was very irratable and could not be eliminated , regardless of how many times the phone was deregistered or unplugged.No indication on the base station of the number of messages was a minor inconvenience . Do n't try to prop the phone between your ear and shoulder unless you have a massage therapist on retainer.Battery life is no where near the specifications . Although the idea of being able to replace the batteries with standard rechargeables is attractive , having only two AAs for power is probably the reason by the talktime is limited -LRB- most other cordless have three custom batteries -RRB- . Overall , I would stay away from this phone ; I replaced it with the Panasonic 2570B ; so far so good .
 My fiancee bought this for me a year and 1/2 ago for my home office . Too bad we invested a few hundred dollars in extra handsets with most of them sounding underwater.How depressing !
 I am writing this review because I purchased this product about a year ago with an additional handset and I finally just had to buy an entire new Uniden system because of the problems with this System . I experienced all of the problems listed in the various reviews ... People constantly saying `` I can not hear you '' even though you can hear them . This problem started after 6 months of ok use . One handset went out in the first month of use . We sent it back to Siemens and they replaced it with a `` Refurbished '' handset . My guess is the refurbished unit was a handset sent back to them that they fixed and sent back out to us . This was an aweful experience . I really liked the design and the concept and even though many reviews said there were problems I purchased it anyway . That was my fault and my mistake . I urge you not to make the same mistake as I did . Because the phone -LRB- and the headache -RRB- is in my garbage . Unfortunately for me this is not a cheap phone system and it is totally not worth taking the chance of buying it because it looks cool .
 I purchased this phone just over a year ago , and it worked fine until about 2 months ago . It had the best range of any 2.4 g that I have seen . However , now I can not have a phone conversation longer than 5 minutes , because after that , my sound to the other party sounds like a strobe effect and they are unable to understand me . I then have to switch to my wife 's $ 19 on special 5 year old phone that still works to this day . I have contacted Siemens , yet they state that there is nothing that can be done because it is out of warranty . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!
 I have two Siemen 's 2.4 GHz Digital Phones - the base unit with digital answering machine and one satellite unit . About a month or two after getting them , the performance started to rapidly go downhill . I could hear everyone fine , but people on the other end said I sounded choppy , garbled or was simply `` breaking up '' . Initially , I thought it was interference . However , I am not near any telecom towers nor power lines . I have switched off every electrical appliance , florescent lighting , air conditioning , anything that might create a magnetic field or otherwise interfere with the signal . I have stood immediately next to the base unit - and it still refused to clear up.I now think its the incredibly -LSB- bad -RSB- quality batteries Siemen 's ships with this phone - NiCad . NiCad is an outdated technology and clearly does n't belong in a phone costing $ 100 or more . We should get Nickel Metal Hydride or ideally a Lithium-technology battery -LRB- like you get with today 's cell phones -RRB- . With such a -LSB- bad -RSB- and nasty power source , you get totally -LSB- bad -RSB- performance and this phone rapidly becomes a frustrating waste of everyone 's time . I 'm going to try and return mine ... for credit ...
 The reception on this phone was very poor from the day I bought it . There was a continuous sound of static in the background when I used it in the exact location from where my 900 Mhz phone works fine . After the service staff could n't help me , I returned the product
 I bought 1 and thought it was defective , so I went back and got another one . It does the same thing as the first one , about once every 5 or 6 calls the other person complains of this echoing . In other words they can only hear every other word I say . I called their tech support , they instructed me to unplug it for 10 minutes to reset it . I found this odd because it is only 2 days old and would n't it being fresh out of the box count as leaving it unplugged for 10 minutes . So if I have to unplug it every 2 days for 10 minutes to reset it , it must be junk.If I could give it 0 stars I would , but I have to give it 1 . At least it looks cool .
 I bought this phone about 17 months ago . Since then the phone was repaired once , batteries were changed at least four times . -LRB- although they are rechargeables . -RRB- The batteries do n't last for an entire day . The features of the phone are nice but for most users useless , unless you have a mansion where you want to use several cordless phones . If you want a phone for comfortable everyday use , DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE .
 If you have n't noticed this phone as a whole -LSB- ... stinks -RSB- , however the headset is good and works well with the working base stations . So get this one , and chunk the base , and you have a cheap replacement head set . Oh be sure to replace the NiCd batteries with NiMH ones . The same headset alone costs $ 149 , this is the same one but only cost $ 49.99 .
 I have had analog phones reach farther . I can not walk next door without this thing breaking up . I would hold out for 4.8 GHz or whatever comes out next .
 I was very disappointed with this phone . I had reception problems from day 1 , and the problem only got worse a few weeks later . I placed two calls to Siemens technical support in an effort to fix the problem . They took me through the derestering process and even reset the default factory settings . Nothing worked . Do n't buy this phone !
 I was excited at the prospect of purchasing multiple phones and using only a single base unit and wired connection to run all of them . Each of them would have caller ID built in , and all would be 2.4 GHz . How convenient , I thought . However , once I received the phone , I had the terrible problem of `` white noise '' which would n't go away . I was also horribly disappointed in the battery life of this phone . Literally 8 hours of average standby/talk time , and the handset would have to be returned to the base . One other fairly silly , but inconvenient issue with this phone is that it 's sleek design can be hard to grip at times . I found it slipping out of my grip -LRB- or from between my head and shoulder -RRB- many times in the 4 weeks I 've owned it.I would not recommend this phone in any situation . There is far too much competition in the cordless phone market to sacrifice quality , especially at this price .
 This 2.4 G -LRB- ? -RRB- phone is unable to send or receive calls anywhere in my house except within 10 ft of base station.I bought the base + 4 handsets with the hopes of having communication throughout my house . As it is , all the handsets are useless and I have to stand within eyesite of the base unit .
 I thought this would be the perfect phone . Unfortunately , it had two drawbacks , one minor and one major . The minor inconvenience is that this phone ca n't be wall mounted . -LRB- I wanted it for the kitchen wall . -RRB- But more dissapointing was the difficulty of use . The soft menus are really annoying , and I missed some of the easily accessible features that my old phone had . I returned the phone in favor of a more straightforward design from AT&T .
 I have purchased this product with three additional handsets . Currently , I have one handset left , and the base/handset left . The handset that I keep on the base does not show incoming calls anymore . This all happened within two years . The other handsets just died . They would not hold a charge , even with new batteries . They would get hot , and just die . It 's a shame , because when these phones worked , I enjoyed the fetures very much . For the price I paid , it should have lasted longer than that . In fairness , the answering machine works well , but what good is it without the handsets ? Also , when I 'm on the remaining handsets , it sounds like I 'm calling from a chopper . Popping , and cracking.I would really hope that no one wastes their money on this product . Siemens just should n't be in this market .
 Siemens has had to replace my new 2415 twice -LRB- so far -RRB- . The first phone dropped calls and the party on the other end of the line constantly complained of static . On the second phone , the handset display quit working within 5 days . Product replacements are rebuilt units , and customer support tells met that Siemens no longer manufactures this unit and can not deliver a new one , and they refuse to refund my purchase -LRB- FYI-the phone was not purchased at Amazon -RRB- .
 I was really excited about this phone for about a week . It has amazing features and is the best designed phone around . On the outside that is . Apart from the constant static -LRB- especially when NEAR the base unit ... -RRB- it scrambles your voice . The other party hears you coming in and out , like a bad analog cell phone . The problem is you hear them well and so you have no idea when you are leaving messages for others that they only get half of every second word you say ... Now this only happens when you call them , never when receiving calls . Also it does n't happen always . In the beginning I just put the receiver back on the base and dialed again and it was fine , but now it happens more and more often and even after putting the receiver back on the base it happens again . I 've replaced the batteries , I deregistered the receiver , reregistered it and it still happens . You just never know when . Imagine holding 30 minutes for the cable company to find out they ca n't hear what you 're saying ... I am really surprised that a company like Siemens is producing such a piece of -LRB- ... -RRB- If you still want this phone , you can have mine , just pay for shipping !
 The reception on this phone has been worse than my 900 Mhz phone . Both handsets exhibited the same problem with the reception going in and out .
 When talking , I could hear my own voice -LRB- echo -RRB- feed back through the ear phone . Very annoying . I have exchanged it twice -LRB- once where I bought it and once through Siemens -RRB- and each one had the same problem . Siemens has admitted it should not echo .
 Kind of disappointed with the phone . Get too much echo and cutouts for a 2.4 Ghz phone . Small size is also an issue . Talk button is also very touchy .
 I hate this phone . Whatever you do , do n't buy it .
 The voice quality on this phone is just horrible . Little did I know , the phone is n't even worth what I paid for it . You can actually hear your own voice coming out of the handset during a conversation . Basically , you hear your own echo while talking to somebody.I want to warn any potential buyers about the phones dismal performance . Stay away !!!
 Sound quality totally unacceptable . The phone had tremendous echo , making callers ' speech often hard to understand . Am finding myself very disappointed not only by this , but by many of the new cordless phones I 've tried . Thought 900 mHz and 2.4 Gig phones would be better , but remember getting better sound quality from the old analog cordless units.Back it goes !
 The handset does n't always get seated properly in it 's cradle and therefore does n't charge it 's batteries properly . Make sure that the `` Charging '' indicator is lit.I also found that the microphone picks-up so much ambient noise that I 've had to cover the mouthpiece just to hear the other person . Also , the phone-cord/power-cord configuration is very annoying to me.Mine also had it 's battery overheat and die on me .
 This phone has a couple of serious shortcomings that make it less than ideal for home use . The worst is that if any station answers , all others are cut off from the call . That brings up the second problem
 We have owned this phone for over a year and are very disappointed in its performance . The microwave interferes with voice quality very badly . Voice often has echo on other end of call . It loses contact with the base frequently at very short ranges -LRB- within my house -RRB- . It registers a lot of erroneous entries in the caller id call log . Especially when you allow a call waiting to ring thru . The answering machine is cumbersome to review and delete messages . The battery life is unacceptable -LRB- less than 12 hrs standby -RRB- . If the answering machine picks up and you pick up a phone other than a Siemens , the answering machine will not stop . No stop button on the answering machine either .
 I do not recommend this phone due to problems with the handset . I have had it for a few years and problems have gotten progressively worse to the point the phone is practically unusable . In particular the Talk button is extremely difficult to activate when you are turning the phone on or trying to answer a call . It takes several attempts to get it to work . The number buttons are real touchy too making it difficult to dial . You also have to be careful to get the connection right when returning it to the cradle , it can be tricky to get it situated right . I purchased a new phone to replace this one today , it is just way more trouble than it 's worth . Do n't bother to buy this , it 's overpriced and not reliable . Just about anything would probably be better than this !
 I bought a Gigaset 2420 2 line cordless phone from Siemens two years ago and have had endless problems with the 3 handsets that I have for the system . My problems started soon after the purchase . I turned one off and it would n't turn on again when the power button was pressed . I dropped another one soon after a VERY VERY short distance and it went dead.I called Siemens to see about getting replacements since I was still in warranty and was told that the Gigaset 2420 was a new product and they did n't have their replacement process setup yet and I should call back sometime in the future . What the ... ! So , I replaced those two handsets with my own money . And then the buttons slowly started failing on two of the handsets that I use most often . I had to press the number buttons a certain way to get them to work . It was a major pain when dialing a number.I called the support center again . I 'd had the phone for 13 or so months at that point . The support people told me that they 'd had a lot of problems with the durability of the handsets . They acknowledged reported cases where the phone had been turned off and would not turn back on . They did n't seem too surprised about my buttons failing . They offered to replace my current handsets with refurbished ones.That was about a year ago . In the last few months I noticed the buttons are failing again on the 2 main handsets . It?s getting harder and harder to dial a number . One of the handsets also seems to have a worsening reception problem that sounds like I 'm getting interference from a microwave but that 's not it . The other handsets do n't have this problem.I called the support group the other day and was told that my product was out of warranty since I 'd had it for 2 years . I told them that I respect warranties but this is a defect problem . I expect a handset to last longer than one year before it starts to fail . They told me to basically take a hike . I moved up the ladder looking for someone that would even care to listen to my story but all I got was the company line that they had no authority to authorize a replacement out of warranty.So , I 'm now posting my experience everywhere on the web that I can find . Letting people know that Siemens does not make quality phone handsets and they do n't stand behind their product . Does this apply to all the handsets on all Siemens cordless phones ? Don?t know - but I wouldn?t buy another Siemens phone to find out . My advice is to NOT buy from Siemens and instead buy from one of their competitors .
 I too suffered static by the Microwave . Noticeable especially in the Kitchen while heating up supper , tea etc. . Sometime I have to walk 50 feet away to get away from the static . I would not recommend this phone . My first experience with 2.4 's . Not a good one .
 I 've had this phone for about a year . Its been pretty dependable and even survived several drops on the floor . Unfortunately call quality goes in the tank when using it while running the microwave . Also it seems incredibly difficult to get a replacement battery for this phone . -LSB- Several retailers -RSB- do n't carry the battery . Even the -LSB- manufacturer 's -RSB- website does n't appear to carry it . What a pain ! Do yourself a favor , buy a different phone .
 ... I took a chance and bought the phone.It 's beautiful , easy to use , and sounds great while you 're using it ... but on other end of the line it SOUNDS AWFUL !!! Literally ... this phone makes you sound like you 're on a cell phone , going through a tunnel .
 No wonder this phone is currently on sale with an additional rebate . This is probably the only way it will sell . The sound quality is terrible . I hear an echo and people I call say I sound like I am in a tunnel . Also , it cuts in and out like a cell phone that is loosing reception no matter how close to the base I am . I am sending my phone back to try something else .
 What a nice phone , I thought , when I opened the box and plugged the phone in . It 's after the first call that I start noticing serious problems . There were sometimes popping noises and just an annoying general background noise , in addition to echos and feedbacks from the mic . I could not believe it until I switched to a corded phone , by that all problems were solved . Very disappointing for a 2.4 GHz . It was probably due to interference with my home 's wireless networking , which seemed to suffer when the phone was in use -LRB- disconnections/weakened signals -RRB- . The battery life was surprisingly short . I think I only placed the handset off the cradle for about 2 days on standby before the battery went kaput . That was quite a problem , as anyone with a dead cordless phone would know . Phone felt functional and had IMHO excellent industrial design . I love the modern and distinctive ringtones ! Build quality suffered on my phone , with deep cuts -LRB- no idea how that came about -RRB- and uneven plastic edge fitting . I really wished they made the phone better . At the prices ... , it could have been a champ .
 This phone has a serious problem with static . I called their customer support line , and it was clear they knew about it . It did n't take long for the agent to recommend that I return the phone to the store where I got it . I bought a 900Mhz Panasonic instead and it 's great .
 I have been through three of these phones in the last four months . I am returning my third one to Best Buy today , and will be looking for something else . The phone simply refuses to come on .
 One of the worst phones you 'll ever own . Sale , or no sale , it 's not worth anything . Static , cuts in and out , strange noises , you name it . Beware the evil phone .
 I thought this phone would have good sound quality if nothing else -LRB- with few other features to speak of -RRB- . I was wrong , the sound quality is horrendous . I have had times where I have had to switch over to my corded phone when I could n't hear someone due to the poor quality . I would shop for a different phone .
 I purchased a black 240 and I have to agree with the previous comments . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE . My cell phone sounds better when I am in the middle of no where . Phone has static , poor range and poor overall sound quality . I bought this phone to replace a cordless that is 9 years old , and the old one has better sound quality/range . Very disappointed .
 Do n't let the brand name fool you . This phone has a tinny voice and very poor radio reception . At times , it gives static between floors of a colonial house ! If I could give 0 stars , I would . . no exaggeration here . . It is unlikely I would buy any autio/telecom product from Siemens again .
 Warning
 I have tried most presentation pointing devices on the market . The Phaser is better than some because it has a trackball instead of a minature joystick or hatswitch . But the Phaser appears to be built very cheaply . It uses mechanical rollers instead of optical technology , and the rollers , which are attached to flimsy little bent wires , easily lose contact with the ball . Perhaps I got a lemon . I returned mine and bought a Gyration Ultra .
 The remote is beautiful , but I could not plug the receiver into my -LRB- less than 1 year old -RRB- laptop . I was able to plug it into my desktop computer , which is 2 years old . The GME321R has a PS-2 receiver , my laptop is not compatible with it . Apparently the GME322R does have the USB receiver , with a PS-2 adapter included . The laser is very strong . I am now eagerly awaiting the arrival of the GME322R model :-RRB- . The description of the GME321R does not explicitly state that it is not USB-compatible , so be careful to chose the correct model for your system .
 I tried this device on 3 computers . xp , 2000 , and 98 SE . Track ball would only give horizontal motion . IOGear support had me try deselecting scroll wheel on the mouse driver . No good . Maybe I received the 1 in 1000 bad ones ... but a lot of wasted time . As with everything else with this outfit , AMAZONs return process top notch painless and quick .
 I tried this device on 3 computers . xp , 2000 , and 98 SE . Track ball would only give horizontal motion . IOGear support had me try deselecting scroll wheel on the mouse driver . No good . Maybe I received the 1 in 1000 bad ones ... but a lot of wasted time . As with everything else with this outfit , AMAZONs return process top notch painless and quick .
 I had one of these once , until it repeatedly frustrated me for the LAST time . It 's as if this device knew where I wanted to point/go and would purposely WOULD NOT GO THERE ... I would roll the track ball over and over but the pointer would not move , then finally - all of a sudden it would take off , flying accross the screen way beyond my desired destination , so I slowly maneuver it back toward the button I want to click , only to have it pass too far over it again . After I realized this was becoming quite frequent I emailed iogear 's support , describing this devices unwillingness to co-operate . In a relatively timely response , their suggestion to install the MS Intellimouse driver , -LRB- or generic windows mouse driver -RRB- arrived a day too late as this device did not survive the wrath of an overly frustrated user . Needless to say , it did not withstand the desk beating . -LRB- btw - If you want to kick back and surf from afar , try using the Windows `` on-screen '' keyboard for typing . It 's found under Accessories/Accessibility . -RRB-
 I picked this up before heading to Europe . I chose it because it was inexpensive and I figured ` what the hell ' . English is my only fluent language . This thing works , but you will go hungry if you try to understand/decode a restaurant menu . The display is small so that one must scroll character by character to see long words or phrases . Do n't expect anything but textbook words . There is no phonetic help with pronunciation . I did n't use the address book , currency exchange , or functions other than word translations . After minimal use , the battery -LRB- included -RRB- started to fade.Bottom line
 A couple of years ago I bought a Franklin Spanish-English dictionary -LRB- DBE-1470AM -RRB- before going to Mexico and it worked great for deciphering written signs , menus , etc. . So I thought I would get something to help me before going to Germany this summer , and this is the Franklin product that appeared to best fit the bill.As compared to the DBE-1470AM , this product : * Has a miniscule display which makes it very hard to see descriptions * Has very minimal text for descriptions * Does n't conjugate verbs -LRB- see below -RRB- * Does n't provide gender information * Has a smallish dictionary - uncommon but still used words , e.g. `` dolphin '' , are often missing.The absence of verb forms renders this device next to useless for people unfamiliar with the source language . As a simple example , in English , if you look up the various forms of the verb `` say '' you get : * `` Say '' - found , with a description * `` Said '' - not found * `` Says '' - corrected to `` see '' -LRB- ! -RRB- * `` Saying '' - This is my favorite , since it provides the noun `` saying '' and the phrase `` That goes without saying '' , but not the verb `` saying '' that 's used in the phrase it provides!I have n't tried the languages other than German and English , so there 's a chance they 're better but , at least for German and English , if you want to use this device to decipher written words , you 'll be unsuccessful.Unfortunately , I have n't get found another translator to buy so I ca n't recommend anything else ; I can only recommend not buying this product .
 The translator lacks of plurals and genders . If you have not background at all of the foreign language -LRB- including pronunciation -RRB- , this translator is not much help .
 It is not user freindly and very complicated . I am not happy with it . I even had help trying to decifer it . Bad investment . By the way I am 74 and computer literate , learned computers begining in 1970 `` s.
 This product is very reasonably priced , however , it certainly does not measure up to the product description . In particular , the Euro converter did not work for me -LRB- or it was just to un-user friendly -RRB- . Also many needed words and phrases were not found .
 Others on this site have recommended Rick Steve 's phrasebooks , or Berlitz or Lonely planet and I 'll buy one of these . I expected that I could type a sentence and get a translation . This is not the case . I could not change languages . The device got stuck in Spanish . I had to take a paper-clip and push the reset button to get it back to English -LRB- so carry a paper clip ! -RRB- . Others have said that the display is tiny and hard to read . Quite true . I was hoping for something lighter than a book , but I think you can search a book more quickly than you can scroll thru the tiny menus in this device.Based on reading I have done on Amazon -- the whole category of portable translators seems to be a dissapointment .
 What I didnt like about this product was that after 2 weeks of use the LCD is very dim and can hardly see the screen .
 Rubbish , it can translate only all 5 languages to Spanish only , you ca n't translate french to English , rubbish ever seen .
 This is the most useless piece of equipment I have ever encountered . Admittedly I have only tried its French translation feature . I gave up with it some time ago but decided to give it one more try yesterday , needing occasional translation while reading the excellent ` Parisians ' book . Even words in common usage such as ` tant ' and ` marais ' could not be found . Some years ago I had a small inexpensive Franklin translator that was excellent with this piece of kit Franklin have definately gone backwards . A few months ago I sent an email to Franklin expressing my disappointment with this device but no response was ever received .
 I was extremely disaponted with this product . I had previously owned a 5 language translator -LRB- TWE 106B -RRB- and expected the new one to be as good or better . Instead , it was vastly inferior ; extremely difficult to move fron one lanaguage to another . Were it possible and cost effective to do so , I would be glad to return it .
 I bought this for a two week trip to Italy . Only used it to translate . It did a very poor job . I guess you might get a few single words out of it but it was useless in a restaurant . Even simple words it did n't have . I wanted to change a 5 euro note for some coins to feed the parking meter . It did n't have the word `` coins '' in its data base . I had low expectations and they were n't even met .
 my neice was moving to Miami Beach and so i bought this for her . she called me up laughing b/c there are phrases like
 The translator that i recieved , although bought new was obviously second hand ! I tdid not arrive in its original packaging , did not have a battery protector , so God knows how old that is and had a dirty screen and scuff marks on it ! I had to have it sent to my daughters in USA as for some reason it couldnt be sent to Spain . Very poor altogether .
 in one day of owning this thing i 've found it does n't have the words ... -- dwarf -- beech -- oak -- twin -- wigalso , having _ no _ gender for the nouns in inexcusable . there 's so much potential for a good electronic translator , i ca n't believe this think made it to market ... i have no respect for franklin , now i 'm off to see if langenscheidt makes electronic translators .
 Complete waste of money ... missing every second word that I put in ... or else it came up with a totally different word ... for instance I typed in `` Worker '' and it game the word for Social Worker '' Franklin should have never released this product and now that it has ... it should place a recall on it ! I was forced to give it a one star but really this is a no star product !
 I have n't looked at it yet but will do so when lessons begin in a week or two . It was ordered as a crutch !
 I needed a translator because I am attending Spanish language school in Central America . I bought this and thought it would be good for what I needed it for . I regret buying it , it has n't been helpful to me . I got SpanishDict for my ipod and think it 's heaps better . I wish I could return this product , but unfortunately , I 'm living out of the country now .
 The Batteries were half dead the screen on one that i purchased did not work they did not preform the tasks described in the outline . The construction and overall feel has terrible STAY AWAY ... Franklin TES-118 English/Spanish Translator
 Waste of time and money . I ca n't even open the battery compartment . I ca n't see the display because it is too faint . It does n't have many simple words . The instruction sheet is incomplete . I really feel that I have been ripped off . Their warrenty says they will send me another one if this one does n't work but a new one is n't worth the postage to send this one back.Franklin TES-118 English/Spanish Translator
 As a beginning Spanish student , I bought this little gadget because it boasted having a wealth of vocabulary and phrases.I am disappointed with this product in several ways . First , the size and design
 I 'd love to know how they figure in excess of 500,000 translations , Virtually every effort to translate a word came up `` Correcting '' and after a considerable time offered unrelated suggestions . Possibly of some use to absolute beginners , however at any level above this if you do n't know the translation , then almost certainly this thing wo n't either .
 This device is small which is good . It is n't always the most user friendly but works fine once one learns how to use it.It has a very small vocabulary in spite of its claim to have many thousands of words . When I read Spanish text that is classified as Intermediate , I find only 1 out of 5 words that I want to look up in this dictionary . These are straight forward words like `` bankrupt '' . This device is useful only for someone who needs basic vocuabulary .
 Sure it 's only $ 20 or so , but it really is n't usable for any serious student of Spanish . For one thing , it does n't give genders for the nouns . It wo n't give you a definition but hands you a phrase . However , it does tell time and store phone numbers and play games . I do n't have any idea why they would call this toy a translator .
 The misleading promises of an enormous word and phrase bank for what appears to be a favorable price will surely lure you . However if you buy the product you will quickly discover the true nature of the translator and be deeply dissapointed . The translator can not process even basic words , and the phrases are sometimes grmatically incorrect . This product is a waste of money and will trully make you regret your purchase .
 I lost my handy Franklin translator a few months ago , and saw this version and could n't beat the price . But it is missing over half the words I 've attempted to look up , including `` vow '' , `` loving '' and other simple words . And often the masc/fem is just not present , leaving you guessing . A complete waste of money . If I had the option of giving it NO stars , I would .
 This translator was a complete waste of money . It 's not even worth $ 9.99 . The majority of the words I looked up were not in there . The word `` dog '' is not there either . -LSB- ... -RSB- is a great source on the internet to translate from English to several different languages and vice versa .
 I 'm sorry that this translator can not be rated less than 1 star . This is a completely non functional piece of garbage . Of the first 10 words I typed in -LRB- from `` The Easy Spanish Reader '' -RRB- this device only attempted to translate 2 of them . It did not define these two words , it only used them in phrases.For the other 8 words it listed possible spelling corrections . The words were spelled correctly . I assume that these simple words were not in this dictionary.It may be that the software makes the assumption that all spelling is incorrect because the buttons are so small that it is next to impossible to type anything correctly.Verbs seem to be identified only in the infinitive . Actual translation are rarely given.Buying this device should never be considered .
 It is sad to say my experience has been much like 90 % of the other purchasers of this phone . Communication is often garbled and to boot , the speaker phone went out on both units I purchased . I originally purchased the 2420 with 7 additional handesets investing over $ 1200 in this system only to be extremely disapointed . Siemens refused to do anything about it , they would n't even work on their own product . They told me tough luck , you have to go purchase a new system - unbelievable ! I purchased , from Ebay , another 2420 , and also a 2402 -LRB- without answering machine -RRB- and no suprise , I had the same problems . This phone has a serious design problem and the company wo n't stand behind their product . READ MY LIPS SIEMENS , I WILL NEVER , I REPEAT NEVER , purchase another product from you EVER AGAIN !
 I purchased a Siemens Gigaset 2.4 GHz Phone for about $ 279 + tax expecting a quality product , and was perplexed when I repeatedly faded out when talking . The callers could not hear me but I could hear them . This made the phone unusable . So I returned the phone to the dealer and got another identical unit that had exactly the same problem . I was convinced on the phone by Siemens tech support that there must be problem with the wiring in my house - even though I am an electrical engineer and should have known better . I later found that the phone did not work at another location , and thus that the problem was with the two shoddily designed Siemens phones all along . Siemens was unresponsive to my complaints . What absolute garbage . I will NEVER purchase another Siemens product .
 The Siemens system is designed very straightforwardly , solid , and works amazingly well - if it works.We have had two handsets in this series , and both of them occasionally have one-way communication problems
 Sound wobbles as if a microwave was next to it on 3 of the 4 handsets I have . If I flex the phone case slightly the sound may improve but eventually reverts to `` wobbly '' sound .
 Purchased this system to use in a home-office set-up . The handsets have a connection inside them that comes loose -- as best as I can tell , this problem will happen with all handsets at some point in time . The symtoms of the loose connection is poor to unusable reception , with a pulsing noise/reception . The Siemens service persion I spoke to described the problem as being due to a loose connection on the `` static plate '' , and stated that there is no means to repair the handsets . I have used 6 hand sets , and all of them suffer from the loose connection to some extent . Apparently , the problem occurs during normal use of the handset -- any bumps to the handset will accelerate the process , i.e. do n't ever drop it!Siemens agreed to replace one handset when it failed after 1.5 years of use , but now they say that `` there are too many handsets going bad '' for them to continue replacing the defective handsets.Otherwise , the system works fine.I am now looking at other brands for a replacement phone system .
 I bought a Gigaset 2420 2 line cordless phone from Siemens two years ago and have had endless problems with the 3 handsets that I have for the system . My problems started soon after the purchase . I turned one off and it would n't turn on again when the power button was pressed . I dropped another one soon after a VERY VERY short distance and it went dead.I called Siemens to see about getting replacements since I was still in warranty and was told that the Gigaset 2420 was a new product and they did n't have their replacement process setup yet and I should call back sometime in the future ... So , I replaced those two handsets with my own money . And then the buttons slowly started failing on two of the handsets that I use most often . I had to press the number buttons a certain way to get them to work . It was a major pain when dialing a number.I called the support center again . I 'd had the phone for 13 or so months at that point . The support people told me that they 'd had a lot of problems with the durability of the handsets . They acknowledged reported cases where the phone had been turned off and would not turn back on . They did n't seem too surprised about my buttons failing . They offered to replace my current handsets with refurbished ones.That was about a year ago . In the last few months I noticed the buttons are failing again on the 2 main handsets . It 's getting harder and harder to dial a number . One of the handsets also seems to have a worsening reception problem that sounds like I 'm getting interference from a microwave but that 's not it . The other handsets do n't have this problem ...
 The system worked fine for ten months . Then one handset failed , then another , and so on . By the time I realized there was a malignancy , the warranty had expired . This is useless junk .
 Before purchasing this phone I read a number of negative reviews about serious reception/audio quality problems developing after a few months of use . Well , I was a fool to ignore them . After several months use my unit -LRB- which had been working flawlessly -RRB- started developing the same problems . Bad reception , pops and breakups in the signal and what seems like a slower rate of communication with the base station . Net net - unreliable and unusable . I have tried new battery sets several times with no improvement ... it just seems that there is some fundamenal design or construction problem or component that causes these phones to fail after a while . Never again . Siemens should offer free new product replacements to all owners . Useful life of this product is just unacceptably short .
 I 've had my phone and one extra handset since the end of 2001 . It 's been a nightmare from the very beginning . I 've returned it to Siemens THREE times for replacement . The replacements are always on backorder -LRB- does that tell you something ? -RRB- , so you wait weeks and weeks for them . I 'm now waiting for my fourth replacement -LRB- in less than six months -RRB- . If this one does n't work , I `` m going to bite the bullet and trash it . Bottom line
 This phone has some very nice features including but not limited to the ability to add up to eight handsets . However , the battery life on both the NI cad and NIMH batteries are terrible . I find this phone more often in the charger than anywhere else . In addition the range is certainly not what I expected out of a 2.4 ghrz system , in fact my 900 Mhz digital has more range . I even have trouble getting a good signal in my back yard . The features are amazing but the standard performance is very poor . I would recommend waiting to purchase when these bugs are worked out
 I bought this unit about a year and a half ago , and have so far gone through 3 handsets , and the latest one has also failed . The handsets would lock up , and become unusable , and recently , they only hold a charge that allows about 15 minutes of talk time . The buttons sometimes would not work , and required excessive pressing to get the button to register . My suggestion is to steer away from this product ... it 's obvious that many bugs exist , and not a lot of thought was put into it 's design and reliability . I 'm not impressed by this Siemen 's phone at all .
 Nothing but trouble with the Siemens system . Inconsistent sound quality -- cuts out . Also recharger malfunction . Returned one handset for another that would not hold a charge .
 I would have thought slim handpiece design would be easy to handle , but a thicker handset would be easier to hold between your shoulder and ear . Also , the unit spends a lot of time looking for the base unit , even when 10 feet away . Also , if you spend time multi tasking while using this item , you will hear a constant beep as your cheeks will push the menu buttons frequently .
 I purchased a Siemens base phone and 5 cordless phones . Within 6 months 3 of the 5 phones had garbled transmissions which made them unusable . Siemens support says `` too bad '' we only service warranty items , just buy new phones . What crap ! Horrible product from a company that is even worse .
 I have never written a review of something before , but these phones are so bad I wanted to warn other potential buyers.We bought them -LRB- a 2402 & 2400 -RRB- because they looked cool and had a lot of features . We should have paid attention to the other reviewers.In our experience , these phones rarely work and when they do , the sound quality is awful -LRB- within 10 feet of the base station -RRB- . After fighting with the phones and going back and forth with Siemens for months , it is too late to return them . We 're still using our 1992-era GE cordless because it sounds a lot better than the Siemens phones.Caveat emptor .
 I have the 2402 with one additional handset . I thought this system was the best thing since sliced bread until one day , about a month after buying the system , the audio on one of the handsets started going in and out . At first it was only once in a while and then it started happening all the time . A month or so later the second phone started doing the same thing . I sent both handsets back to Siemens and received two replacement units . One of the handsets has the same problem and the other one works most of the time.After reading the other reviews I realized that I was not alone . Some people claim that they have no problems while others think this system is terrible . The best I can say is that it seems to be a roll of the dice.It 's obvious that Siemens rushed this system out into the market without even the most basic testing . I 'll never buy another Siemens cordless phone again .
 Rated one star because there does n't appear to be a `` no star '' option . I ca n't tell you how disappointing this phone system is . The best thing about it is I only bought two handsets -LRB- I had intended on eventually having four -RRB- . They work great for a month and go rapidly downhill . Poor range becomes no range . One handset will not work in the same room with the base station . I believe it is a battery issue but the phone indicates a full charge . My family has issued me an ultimatum to get rid of these and replace with anything that works .
 I have purchased many products from Amazon.com . This is by far the worst product experience I have had . The engineering of this unit system was either done for the 1 % of the population or the product was designed to fail . The detailed options do not include
 I 've had this phone for two years . Since day one I have had trouble with the audio `` warbling '' on both receive and transmit making it it nearly impossible to understand the caller . I have had Seimens replace both the base and the handset twice -LRB- I had to forcefully press them them to exchange anything -RRB- . The problem seems inherent in this phone 's design . The unit is not near any microwave or any other transmitter . I can stand 2 feet from the base and the problem persists . Strangely , when I slap the handset in my palm sharply the sound clears up for a few seconds.Seimens support is as terrible as the phone . They refused to refund my money after swapping out the entire phone twice . So I am forced to live with a $ 300 phone that drives my wife crazy.I will never buy any product made by Seimens again .
 I 've had my 2402 for almost 3 years . I have two handsets anduse them both frequently . Siemens has replaced both handsets atleast once each.After 10-12 months of use the phones consistently develop thewarbling in and out problem that seems to be common with thissystem . They refuse to admit there is a problem.I have a friend with the same system with 2 handsets . Hehas also replaced his handsets at least once.I just made a final call to Siemens , they told me to upgrade totheir latest phone . Fat chance considering I 'm already intoSiemens phones for $ 300 and they have failed prematurely.It 's unfortunate as this is a great system overall . It justseems to be fatally flawed.I will _ not _ buy another Siemens product .
 I 'm taking this back to the seller for two reasons . First , I 've inserted fully charged Ni-Cd and NIMH batteries in it on separate occasions and the usage is disgusting . The batteries have used up all the charges within one day . Second , Siemens ' 2xxx phones can not be used when DSL service is installed on the same line , per two separate calls with Siemens . Beware !
 ditto for all the complaints . Handsets cut in and out and too small to hold on neck . We thought the extra features would be handy , but frankly we never use them.Can somebody build a decent cordless that lasts ?
 The feature set of this phone looked fantastic , but it 's been a source of constant annoyance in our house . As other reviews mentioned , the `` hold '' feature is extremely inflexible , and we 've had to reset the entire base unit to have it `` let go '' of a call on hold . More than once.The handset itself is exceptionally uncomfortable and nearly impossible to hold with just your shoulder and chin . The belt clip is well done and helpful.Even with a full charge , we routinely get the `` out of range '' beeps ten feet from the base . This is particularly annoying since the call itself never cuts out anywhere inside the house.The caller-ID feature is well done and * extremely * helpful . The menus and navigation work pretty well.The uncomfortable handset and annoying hold/transfer arrangements make this an extremely annoying phone , but not quite enough to have returned it . We 've not found another two-line phone that works this well -LRB- with the remote bases -RRB- , but for a one-line phone this is at the bottom of the list with very few redeeming qualities .
 I have had this phone with 3 handsets for about a year . The battery life is very poor and the quality is like phones from 10 years ago . What a dissapointment . I wish I read all these reviews before buying . Some cool features are included but if you ca n't hear or talk well with them what use are they .
 I thought this phone had cool design with its small size and lack of antenna . What I found out is the designers sacrificed basic functionality for whiz-bang gadget appeal . The most important feature of a phone is sound quality , and the sound quality of this phone is very poor . It is very difficult to hear people talking even in a quiet room , and if you turn up the volume the mic just picks up more room noise and makes it worse . There also some basic functions that are made overly complex . To use redial for example you are forced to toggle through several menus on the LCD screen rather than just hitting a button . The phone is also too small to hold comfortably and it looks like a remote control and gets lost on the coffe table .
 I loved this phone when I first got it . A friend had a set , so I bought 'em for my home and my small business . They worked great for quite a while . Then the trouble started.After about 12 months , the batteries completely die - expect to replace them regularly.My friend who also had this set started having a serious problem about 16 months into his ownership . ALL of his handsets started `` skitching '' when he used 'em . The outgoing sound would crackle in and out . You can twist the phones themselves and it stops for a brief time.At about the same point in ownership , around 16 months , my set started doing the same thing . I expect my 8-month old office set to have the same problem in the near future.This defect makes these phones unusable . Purchase this Siemens set and you 'll love them for a little over a year . Then you 'll curse Siemens daily as you shop for a replacement .
 I 've had this system for over a year with mixed results . If you read the manuals , you can access a feature set that is rich and functional . If you are non-technical , you 'll have problems as the menu system is not intuitive . In short , no problem for gadget freaks , but our spouses wo n't fare as well.The system has been susceptible to interference and range limitations . The handsets have a noticable delay and/or non response to pressing keys -LRB- all 5 of my handsets , not just a problem unit -RRB- . This is especially problematic for children and potential emergency situations with 911 . We 're replacing our system .
 I have two Siemen 's 2.4 GHz Digital Phones - the base unit with digital answering machine and one satellite unit . About a month or two after getting them , the performance started to rapidly go downhill . I could hear everyone fine , but people on the other end said I sounded choppy , garbled or was simply `` breaking up '' . Initially , I thought it was interference . However , I am not near any telecom towers nor power lines . I have switched off every electrical appliance , florescent lighting , air conditioning , anything that might create a magnetic field or otherwise interfere with the signal . I have stood immediately next to the base unit - and it still refused to clear up.I now think its the incredibly cheap quality batteries Siemen 's ships with this phone - NiCad . NiCad is an outdated technology and clearly does n't belong in a phone ... . We should get Nickel Metal Hydride or ideally a Lithium-technology battery -LRB- like you get with today 's cell phones -RRB- . With such a cheap and nasty power source , you get totally -LSB- bad -RSB- performance and this phone rapidly becomes a frustrating waste of everyone 's time . I 'm going to try and return mine ... total waste of money .
 Stop -- do not but this product or any Siemens Phones . I bought the System and loved it at first , I recomended it to everyone . Then Like clock work after one year -LRB- which is the warranty -RRB- it started malfunctioning . The handsets went in and out , and dropped the call . It has been getting worse and worse as the system gets older -LRB- now two years old -RRB- . Here is the kicker , I know 6 people with this sytem that have the exact same problem !!! Siemens tells me , I can buy refurbished handsets to replace the bad ones , great !
 This phone is horrible ! I would never buy it again . This is the second Siemens 2402 system i 've had in the past year , and each system gives an extreme amount of static and cuts out worse than a cell phone in an area without reception when you are 2 feet from the bas or 2 blocks from the base - the phone has the same problems . If it were n't for the lousy clarity and constant static and breaking up - this phone would be a # 6 on a 1-5 scale !!!
 I have had the same handset and batteries for two years now -LRB- handset made in USA -RRB- . I spilled coffee on the handset and some buttons became a little insensitive while still usable , but that is my fault . Interference is a problem only when using the microwave . The sound quality is superb under the conditions I require.The base station location with this and any system is absolutely critical . I had no problems with setup of any kind . The manual is simple , complete and easy to understand .
 Terrible ! I 've had trouble with this phone since I got it . The reception is horrible , it sounds like you are underwater when you speak . People on the phone with you can not even understand your words . No matter how close or far from the base station , it 's the same
 I own 2 of these phones and 6 handsets - bought them all at once for my home/home office . It is definitely the sleekest looking phone out there . However , for paying top dollar , it has some serious design flaws . To cut to the chase : Pros : - Beautiful design . - Handsets are light and easy to handle . - Range seems very good and voice quality is very good . - Adding handsets is easy and convenient - no jack required.Cons : - Can not pick up a call from a handset after the answering machine has picked up -LRB- no call interrupt -RRB- . - Can not use other-brand external phones to join a call in progress . - When power is lost or unplugged , base phone loses time and date requiring reprogramming . VERY annoying and I can not believe they overlooked this . The phone has a backup battery for crying out loud . - Answering machine does not recognize hang-ups resulting in lots of blank messages . - Transferring a call from one handset to another is a MAJOR pain requiring a bunch of keypresses . VERY poorly designed and non-intuitive . - Too easy to accidentally delete a new phone message if you press delete a bit too late . - Handsets are small and light , but not ergonomic or well designed for fitting to your hand . - I had two handsets die within about 4 months . Questionable quality . - Simple things like changing the volume on a handset during a call is very awkward and requires scrolling through a series of menus , so you ca n't change the volume without taking the phone away from your ear for about 10 seconds . Poor design . - Virtually everything is menu driven and requires a series of button presses and scrolling through menu items . Awkward . - Too many features are password protected on the base requiring entering a PIN every time . Is this really necessary?There 's more minor flaws and annoyances , but for the price I would expect a MUCH more user friendly design . Whoever designed these phones was probably a `` tecchie '' - scrolling through screenfuls of menu options is ok for software , but not for cordless phones . Many often used features should be incorporated into buttons rather than menu items -LRB- like the handset volume -RRB- . The number one thing that annoys me is trying to transfer a call to another handset . If I pick up a call one one handset , my daughter ca n't simply yell from another room , `` I got it '' , then simply press talk on her handset . No - it 's a series of button presses , etc. and about 75 % of the time it does n't seem to work or the call gets lost . Totally totally annoying and an inexcusable design flaw in my opinion.Overall , for the money you can do much better . If I was able to get my money back I would in a heartbeat . I 'm stuck with a $ 1000 + phone system which is a real letdown overall.At least it looks nice ...
 First off , I want to like this phone . The clarity of the sound is very good as is the range with the cordless handset . The base unit and the cordless handset are also stylishly designed . The backlighting on the cordless handset is also very useful at night.I like the directory feature in both the handset and the base unit . However , that said , you ca n't transfer your directory information from the base unit to the handsets . So , you have to enter the directory information twice . Once for the base unit , then for the handset . You can however transfer directories from handset to handset . I wish Siemens would do the same for the base unit - > handsets.Another irksome `` feature '' is transferring calls . Most phone systems you put the caller on hold and then let another person pick up the call . You ca n't do this with this phone . You have to put them on hold by pressing conference . Not the most intuitive way of placing calls on hold . This is also the only way of joining a call . You ca n't just pick up the phone and press talk.The message system is also cumbersome to use . Deleting messages involves navigating through way too many menu 's . Something this simple and used often should be very accessible.If Seimens were to make the phone a bit more user friendly , give the base unit battery backup I think it would have a clear winner in the cordless phone market .
 Based on the many positive -LRB- and some mixed -RRB- reviews of this product I decided to jump in any try the Siemens Gigaset system in my home . We have two phone lines and five bedrooms on three floors . And we desperately needed the intercom and phone solution promised by Siemens.I setup a Gigaset 2420 and two additional handsets through out the house . Setup was relatively easy and ease of use was very good . Initially the base station was located in an office in the 3rd floor loft area . But some of the handsets would report the three beep `` out of range '' warning all too frequently . Especially if you walk around while talking on the phone.The other problem was that sometimes the extension phone reception would be garbled like a bad digital cellphone signal . This would n't be obvious to the person using the extension handset , but the person on the other end of the line would sometimes find the conversation uninteligable.We have used other cordless phones both 900 MHz and 2.4 GHz and have never experienced range or signal quality problems to this extent.In an attempt to fix these problems I relocated the base station to the main middle floor . But still the problems with out-of-range warnings and occasional garbled speech persisted -LRB- even with the extension handset less than 50 feet from the base station.So the Gigaset is getting packed up and sent to the auction.I would recommend this system for a small office where the range is not too great . The ergonomics , styling and features are great . It does exactly what it is supposed to do . But in a large home or larger area business installation the poor signal quality and range make it unsatisfactory . It seems strange that a phone system that can handle 8 extension handsets would n't have a better range . Unless those extensions are all adjoining cubicles it does n't work from my experience .
 After reading all the reviews and having my own experiences , I 've concluded two main factors affect these reviews :1 . Functions - Siemens has produced two different versions . Newer versions have some important features missing in original version . They are a -RRB- ability to transfer directories and b -RRB- ability to turn private mode off -LRB- allows user to join call without having to have call transferred to them -RRB- 2 . Reliability - Siemens has had ongoing quality problems . This explains why some users rave about the phone and others complain severely . Both groups of users are reporting their experiences accurately.I 've experienced both excellent performance and lousy performance with my phones . the base unit was replaced once . I have replaced two handsets . I just ordered third handset replacement -LRB- LCD failed after a week -RRB- . Siemens warrantly replacement is straightforward , fast , and cost free -LRB- they pay shipping -RRB- . They do n't even ask for proof of purchase . But I strongly suspect they have had so many quality problems , that they gave up trying to ask for proof of purchase . There 's a never ending supply of refurbished Siemens phones for sale . It seems they 've had long run of quality problems , only to exascerbate them by recycling the phones through the refurb program . They need to destroy these phones , rather than refurb and recycle them . A refurb is what you get as a warranty replacement.I fully expect to be replacing these phones every 1-2 months until my patience runs out . Unfortunately , no other vendor makes a comparable 2-line phone . Yes , I tried the Panasonic and found its functionality was sorely missing in critical areas for me .
 I purchasesd the 2420 over a year ago and at first every worked great . After a while the hand sets had trouble `` communicating '' with the base station . I contacted Siemens who gave me a few things to try which helped at first but eventually the system failed altogether . Siemens wanted to sell me a new base station for $ ... but my old hand sets would not be compatible ; so after spending close to $ ... on the first phone system they wanted me to spend another $ ... to make up for their defective product .
 I 'm a techno-junkie ... I bought this phone anticipating a great product . However , I found great features but poor quality . While I have been able to use most of the features , I have not been able to get the more advanced features such as call transfer and handset paging into general use in the household . Non-techies beware ! This phone is not intuitive to use . If you are n't already techno-savvy , you will have trouble . I have 5 handsets in which I replaced the standard batteries with NiMH immediately . Even so , battery life is poor - I average 1-2 hrs talk time . Most suprisingly , the range is terrible ! I live in a 8000 sq ft house so I expected some problems , but I can not use the phone further than 50 feet from the base ! I suspect that the 2.4 Ghz wavelength is a multiple of the wire mesh size used in standard wall construction . Lastly , I have had significant quality problems . I have had three handsets fail and now the base LCD is losing pixel lines making it unreadable ... All failed or began failing days after the warranty expired . I am now faced with potentially throwing good money after bad to repair or replace the defective components , or dump the whole system and go with Panasonic . I really expected more from Siemens !
 The worst -LRB- unforgiveable -RRB- problem with the Siemens Gigaset 2420 cordless telephone is the EXTREMELY poor quality of the voice . Siemens needs to release a new version of this product with improved voice quality . The signal strength is poor , even when the cordless handset is relatively near the base station . The second big problem is that the number pad to dial telephone numbers is NOT backlit . The 4-line LCD display -LRB- for Caller ID information -RRB- * IS * backlit . But , the actual buttons that you push to dial a telephone number are NOT backlit . This makes it nearly impossible to use in a dark room -LRB- e.g. , making a phone call while you 're watching TV -RRB- . The third big problem is that there is no shared common telephone number phonebook directory . Each cordless handset and the base station have their own unique phonebook directory . There is no way to enter and maintain names and phone numbers that can be shared from any Gigaset handset . This is annoying from such an expensive , sophisticated phone system .
 This phone just arrived to the US market , however i owned this phone back in 1995 and again in europe a few months ago.Having said this , the phone has a ton of features , however very few are useful in a household , unless you have a very big house , otherwise the features are more useful in a business environment.I do not reccomend this phone , there are far better products out there which are a lot more user friendly . Unless you are ready to memorize the instructions book , this phone is probably not for you .
 As with another reviewer , I too bought this system elsewhere , and with great difficulty returned it . That said , the system was not capable of working in my house . Features notwithstanding , I could not get the answering machine to talk to the hand units if there were even two walls between them . The system would not even work 30 horizontal feet away and one floor down . Then I tried 50 feet and three walls , NOTHING , The last effort was 60 feet and up an open staircase , again nothing . I checked with Siemens technical staff , and was told that my walls were too thick -LRB- they are drywall , in a new house , not foot thick masonry walls -RRB- . I suggest you wait for the next version or use it outside or in a very small house .
 The Siemens phone system has some very compelling features that prompted me to purchase it in the first place . I have the 2040 basestation and 6 expansion handsets throughout my house . The fact that these units do n't require a phone jack is one of the best features and the main reason I purchased this system . The sound quality and clarity was excellent , as was the range of the phone . However , there are some very important caveats to this.I use Apple 's Airport for wireless internet access throughout my house . Unfortunately , this happens happens to be on the same frequency -LRB- 2.4 GHz -RRB- as the Siemens phone system . This has caused tremendous amounts of interference , static and connection loss for my telephone system . Another cause of interference is the microwave oven in the kitchen . One particularly irritating feature -LRB- that happens quite often at a distance of approximately 50 feet from the Siemens base station -RRB- is that the cordless handsets lose connection to the unit and let you know by beeping at you in the most irritating manner.This unit could probably eliminate a lot of these problems if they change over to a DSS type of technology .
 For the price and reliability the Gigaset 2420 phone is a rip off . I purchased one new at considerable expense a few years ago . The LCD screen failed during the warranty period . The LCD on the replacement phone failed . I purchased several of these units used . Every LCD has eventually failed . The portable handsets still work , but are useless without the base . I invested a fair amount of money into handsets , and they are now worthless . Totally unreliable base unit . Do n't buy Siemens , as you ca n't get parts from them and they do not support the phone .
 I originally purchased a 2415 a few years ago , but for some reason it was not compatible with Verizon Caller ID . Siemens thought they were doing me a favor by upgrading me to the 2420 . They were n't . I did n't need the 2 line feature , but I did like thephone and the other features . It would be a good system , but for one major problem . The LCDs on these phones are prone to failure . Without a readable LCD , you can not use many of the phone 's features . I replaced the original phone after about 2 years with a refurbished model I bought off eBay , because the LCD on the first phone became totally unreadable . Now after about 2 more years the replacement phone 's LCD is failing .
 We bought this phone when it first came out two years ago . This phone is fine as long as you are near the base station . Our home is 4000 sq ft on one floor , and if we are one room too far away , the phone squeals , and drops the call . The phones are stylish , but all the handsets have all been repaired under warranty at least once . Pretty phones , poor performance . Maybe the latest models have fixed the problems , but I doubt it . Make sure to get the extended warranty , or you will asset dispose these Siemens Gigasets to the ...
 The handset sounds great . That 's as far as I can go . I bought the base system and three additional handsets for our two story home . It is convenient to have these phones in each room , but the sound quality is absolutely terrible for the people on the far end . Every conversation we have someone mentions the `` popping '' that they hear . I wish I could return these , but I waited too long .
 The concept of this phone is good , but the implementation is terrible . The problems :1 . The range is about 1/20th the range for a 900 mhz Sony that cost 1/5 as much -LRB- the Gigaset will NOT even reach across the house -RRB- . This is not an isolated instance , two base stations did the same thing as do multiple handsets . The Sony and the gigaset were in the same location too so it was not a factor of varied locations . Whether it is the 2.4 Ghz vs 900mhz , I do not know , but the range is very bad . And Siemens ' support line was no help at all in resolving the issue .2 . The handsets are flimsy and seem low quality.The concept itself is very good , but Siemens needs to do a LOT better job in building a product that reaches its goals . I like the features for the most part -LRB- e.g. auto-updating the time on the base station , transferring directory entries between phones , needing only one base station , but having the option of having too -RRB- , but the problems are sufficient to make the features useless .
 I would not recommend this or any Siemens product to anyone.I have had this phone for less then 1 year , back in June the phone began disconnecting any call that I was on when call waiting was activated . I have contacted Siemens several times via email to get a fix for the phone , but they will not respond to me . I have called and have been told that I 've called the wrong division and to call another number , only to be told that I have called the wrong number . This is not good customer service .
 I have the full system with four handsets . Several problems :1 . The sound quality on ALL the handsets is terrible , even in close proximity to the base station . One handset simply does n't work .2 . The main base station has terrible sound clarity on the speakerphone . In fact , the sound actually diminishes in volume -LRB- even at full volume -RRB- , when you go from corded handset and/or headset to the speaker .3 . The controls are utterly obtuse . For example , one button controls the speaker phone and mute functions , which makes it very confusing to figure out which mode you 're in and out of ... had a few embarrassments on some conference calls with this button ! 4 . The menu system is impossible , both on the handset and the cordless units . You definitely have to use the manual ... then you forget the commands after a while and have to scramble for the manual again . The answering maching requires you to scroll through multiple menu systems just to delete messages that you 've already listened to ... all this in the name of stylish looks.Overall , after having sunk hundreds of dollars into this unit and all the accessories , I 'm at square one looking for a replacement system ... total writeoff . Only buy this if you are one of the elite few who can program your VCR !
 The feature set of this phone is outstanding and easy to use . However , the build quality of the phone is absolutely poor - these phones keep dying after a few months of usage .
 I hate this phone and I hate that I spent 300-400 dollars on this phone system.I have a townhouse with only a few phone jacks installed . So this seemed like the perfect phone . Well ... by no means is my house large ... I only have a small 3 level townhouse . I keep my Siemens base phone down in the basement , where my office is . Only one level above the base phone , on the main level of my townhouse ... my cordless phone refuses to work for anymore than 2 minutes -LRB- if that -RRB- ! Within minutes of being on the phone , the phone breaks up -LRB- like a cellular phone going into a tunnel -RRB- . It sounds like your underwater . I 've noticed that hitting the side of the phone seems to bring back the signal for a few more minutes ... but it is n't long before the signal fades again . I can be standing directly above the phone , on the main floor ... and its almost guaranteed to lose the signal within minutes . Only 10-12 feet above the base phone -LRB- thru the floor/ceiling -RRB- ... and it sounds like i 'm underwater . I really hate Siemens products now that I 've owned one . Also , in case your wondering ... this problem occurs constantly on both of my cordless phones . So its not like my handset is a defect ... its the entire system that is defective . Save your money ... by something else . I was thinking Panasonic , but the reviews for that phone system are n't much better . Of course those people are picking more on the features than the quality of the phone . If quality is n't the issue with Panasonic ... at least you know what your getting when you buy a Panasonic cordless phone system .
 I bought one of these with two remote phones.It constantly goes into a mode where communicationsounds like you are underwater . Plus the range isabout 100 feet , not 700 as advertised.Run away , buy something else ...
 The worst telephone I ever had . No range , interference , lost of signal , everything that you can imagine . I gave one star due to the design .
 The base is so light will `` move '' the base every time you lift the auricular . It disconnects every time it rings and the headsets wont recognize the base . Terrible menu , not intuitive.Iam very dissapointed . Defintely wont recommended . Look more options , I wont trust Siemens for long time.FCH
 I HAVE SEEN THE SIMENS PHONES BEFORE THEY BECOME AVAILABLE IN USA . I LIKED THE WAY THEY LOOKED . WHEN IT WAS MARKETED IN US WE BOUGHT TWO SYSTEMS -LRB- ME AND MY BROTHER -RRB- MY BROTHER STOPED TRYING TO USE THE PHONE A YEAR AGO AND FINALY I GAVE UP ALSO FOLLOWING IS THE NEGATIVE SIDES OF THIS SYSTEMWORKING RANGE IS VERY SHORT DOES NOT WORK THROUGH MORE THEN ONE WALL TRANSFERING CALLS BETWEEN BASE AND OTHER UNITS ARE COMPLICATED YOU CAN NOT PUT THE CALL ON HOLD AT ONE LOCATION AND PICK-UP FROM ANOTHER LOCATION IN SHORT NOT A USER FREANDLY SYSTEM SHORT BATTERY LIFEBUT GOODLOOKING
 the owners manual is very hard to follow . the format and directions are terrible . my wife and i have decided today to return this unit on account of the poor written manual and after reading others reviews of this unit , it is scarey to have so much invested .
 I hate this phone system with a passion . I did not buy it from Amazon and wish I did because I would return it in a second . The manual is over 100 pages . This is the most complicated electronic appliance I have every purchased . It makes my computer , stereo and television look like childs play . I ca n't imagine how they could make a phone system that takes a 100 page manual to use.Examples of my problems : Turning off the ringer ... its a huge task . I read the manual for an hour an could not figure it out . Finally it took ten minutes on the phone with Siemens to walk me through how to turn the handset ringers off!I still ca n't figure out how to answer the handset when the voicemail picks up the call.The sound is terrible on the handsets!If you plug your head set into the main the phone the sound is also bad.I 'm telling you this phone is the worst . I 'm buying a new phone system today once I 'm done with this review . Then I am going to take a hammer to this phone !
 I have struggled with this product for over a year now , and just recently the whole system stopped to function.The idea of having a two-line phone system with cordless handsets is great . The execution by Siemens is less than great . I bought this system with 3 handsets , of which I have had to change all three due to the fact that they just stopped working . One day , their screens would be lighting up intermittently and no communication possible between the handsets or between the handsets and the base station.It seems Siemens does n't really care about making products that work . Contacting them through their website is a hassle , and it is really hard to find any useful info there.I would rather use my money buying some other brand , even if that means the equipment is more expensive . At least there might be a hope that the equipment works .
 ... I can throw a rock farther than the range the 2420 cordless unit provides . When `` in range '' theres more static than a 1940 's ham radio receiver . Batteries on cordless drain rapidly . Like the base unite though ...
 I have had the unit for a year , with two additional handsets . While the base unit functions well , within a few months the sound in both cordless handsets started to cut in and out , making it impossible - or at least highly irritating - to follow a conversation , especially for the other party . Siemens were not able to fix the problem , nor were they particularly helpful . Having now seen that others have had the same problem , I am looking for a different make and model .
 I bought the 2420 with desk station and handset . First thing to fail was the handset where the display and then the number 4 on the keypad gave out . This of course was just after the warranty period ended . Next the desk station LCD display stopped working and there is no way to repair it . Without the display working there is no way to program the phone . I need to be able to turn off the answering machine mode -LRB- because I use Vonage voicemail -RRB- and can not do it . There is no flow chart in the manual that would show me the button pushing steps to accompish what I need to do . So I am throwing this expensive piece of sh*t away . I will never buy a Siemens telecom product again . The default on the phone is answering machine on , so there is no way to reset it -LRB- unplug it -RRB- and have the answering maching function turn off .
 Not a good product . Two of 6 telephones have expired and reception on others is spotty . Dificult to navigate system . Would not recommend product
 Liked it but had to return it when I could n't get more coverage in all my house . And its not a big house . Problem after two walls !
 I bought the Siemens 2420 with two handsets before any competitor 's versions were on the market . I should have waited . As many others have mentioned , the phone is too complicated to use . I have only once been able to transfer a call , and that was after multiple attempts with the manual in fron of me . When people call and I need to switch extensions I actually hang up and call them back ! My main complaints :1 . Difficult -LRB- nearly impossible -RRB- to use2 . NO BATTERY BACKUP !! 3 . AC Power cord falls out easily4 . Range very limited / poor sound quality5 . Handsets do n't fit bases -- need jiggling to get a chargeTaken together , 2 and 3 make the system unusable for me . In order to be able to , for instance , pick up a call from another handset many options must be specified from a seemingly endless series of menus . Once the power plug falls out -LRB- as it regulary does if you move the base -RRB- all of the system settings are reset.I was so stunned that there was no battery that I called Siemens in disbelief -- sure enough , `` it was designed so that you do n't _ need _ a battery . '' -LRB- Microsoft might call this an ` undocumented feature ' ! -RRB- Very poor design . You can do better -- I 'm not sure how , but I 'm sure you can .
 I had high hopes for this phone system , but they were dashed after about a week 's worth of using it . The sound clarity is outstanding , but that 's about the only commendable feature of this phone system . Some serious problems include
 We bought this system about 3 years ago for our home office . Like the other reviewers we liked them at first . After a couple of months the handsets did n't hold a charge and even after replacing the rechargable batteries it still did n't hold the charge long.For some reason , only one of the handsets works well the other one gets garbaly after talking for a few seconds , even if we stand right next to the base station ! It 's extremely annoying like when you get a helicopter effect on a cell phone . We have to scatter around to another phone so the other person could hear us so it 's a waste to have this line!Also , the digital display on our base station started fading away so it is no longer legible , so having the caller ID on that has been a waste.When these problems first started Siemens sent us all new replacement phones . Less than a year later we had the same problems again ! This time Siemens was n't so nice . They informed us that they updated the phones and are no longer replacing the old phones . They did n't even offer us a deal like , `` Send us the old phones and we will give you a discount on new ones . '' NOTHING ! $ $ $ $ worth of phones and they are all GARBAGE now !! We will NEVER buy another Siemens product again and suggest no one else does !
 Unfortunately , I 'd have to agree with everyone else -- I was not impressed with this unit at all . It has a poor interface and picked up tons of interference from my microwave and 802.11 b -LRB- Wi-Fi -RRB- network router . -LRB- I point this out becauase the phone I replaced it with -LSB- more on that in a minute -RSB- had no problems with interference . -RRB- The worst problem was the face that it would `` own '' a phone line when it connected
 We 've had the 2420 for over 2 years , and it finally died last week from a lightening strike . Reading the reviews to see if I wanted to spend the money to replace the base unit -LRB- since we have three handsets -RRB- prompted me to add my own comments about this phone.First , I would have to echo statements about the range of the handsets . We ca n't get good reception in all parts of our house , and forget about walking outside . Since we just moved to a new house and I put the phone in a lower portion of the house next to my computer , I attributed it to location . However , 100 feet or less of range is not acceptable in a wood frame house.It 's annoying to have to use the conference feature to add another handset to the conversation . We kept a couple of corded phones hooked up at our last home just to circumvent this issue . Otherwise get ready to guess which handset unit you are transferring to ... The answering machine always worked well , and we had the phone plugged into a UPS so resetting the date and time every time the power went out was not an issue . Battery backup of some kind is absolutely necessary in my opinion . On occasion the 2420 would mysteriously busy out the phone line , and the only way to fix it was to unplug the line from the base unit.Finally , this was a major expense for a phone . $ 399 plus extra handsets at $ 89-129 depending on when we bought them and no price reductions in two years is ridiculous . There are much better systems for the money , or better yet save $ 200 and get a Panasonic.Seeing other comments about Siemens customer service and getting repairs , I realize now I have to decide to either buy a new base unit or find a new phone system . I would have to say I am going to buy something else and try to sell the used handsets on EBay .
 Do not buy it , unless you buy a good extended warranty from the seller . The manufacturer warranty expires in one year and if the phone fails after that there is no factory service , and you would need to throw it away . I bought it in December 2000 and I had to return it twice within warranty period for malfunctioning ; at 18 months after purchase , it failed again and Siemens told me that those are not repairable , that I have to buy a new one . Will not be a Siemens unit for sure .
 I thought this might be the perfect solution for a small home office but I 've had nothing but trouble since I purchased the unit . -- The handset needed to be replaced within the first month -- It is VERY susceptible to power surges and will reset . -- I 'm now getting feedback on the answering machine and am losing messages . The customer service answer is to reset the unit -LRB- again -RRB- . When it works the sound is good and I can roam quite a distance from the base unit . Unfortunately the quality of manufacture is so poor I ca n't trust it .
 As a Gigaset owner for 2.5 years now , I have to say the concept itself is great , but the Siemens ' implementation leaves much to be desired . The most notable problems are
 Do not buy it !!! Looks fabulous and is a great idea -- but the hand sets inexplicably cut out in the middle of a conversation , not three feet away from the corded phone . A call to Siemen 's help line left me with the impression that there was a problem with my line . Now that I see these reviews , I realize that this is the way they are -- unbelievable for the price paid .
 The well designed telephone worked well for about 6 months then the LCD display began to fade so call-id and other messages could not be read . The handsets then began to have difficulty synchronizing with the base station and the effect was similar to making/receiving a call on mobile phone with poor cell coverage . The low battery life and long charging time made SOHO use impossible . Finally , after 9 months of use , the buttons on the handsets began to fail and you needed to push each button very hard to record an entry . A very poorly designed product . I replaced the set 9 months after purchase with a Panasonic .
 I wish I could give the Gigaset 2420 a good review . After all , the base unit has a lot of good features and seems to work well . Unfortunately there is a real quality problem with the cordless handsets.I 've had the 2420 system for 6 weeks and am now returning my 3rd cordless handset . Two failed almost completely , not responding to any keys . The only sign of life was the blinking backlight in the LCD display , but nothing displayed . The third `` skipped '' on the received sound . Outgoing sound was OK , but it acted as if the frequency hopping technology was missing a few frequencies . The unit I returned always skipped . I still have problems with one of my `` good '' units skipping occasionally . I have to end the call and retry.I 'll keep sending back bad handsets until I get fed up . Then I 'll return the whole thing and maybe go with a Panasonic . I have a Panasonic 2.4 GHz and the sound quality is exceptional .
 As others have stated , out of the box this phone system was great . I experienced superior sound quality and acceptable range -LRB- no problems inside or outside 4 bedroom colonial on .75 acres -RRB- . After 2 years of use most of the handsets have developed an annoying garbled interference that begins shortly after using the phone . This makes it impossible to talk and leaves you scrambling for another phone . Siemens support has been disappointing . I have 4 handsets and only one works correctly . Despite my initial enthusiasm with the system-I will not buy another Siemens product .
 I used the Siemens 2420 with 8 handsets for 3 years . It has great features , but has had some reliability problems which ultimately proved fatal for this phone.THE GOOD
 This people send my telephone to the wrong address.I have being waiting for my phone for 3 weeks with 0 results.I will never buy anything from this people.Bad business
 In mid-2000 I purchased two base units -LRB- with a total of 8 hand sets -RRB- for the Sieman 's 2.4 GHz system , and I have found the system to be a major disappointment ! Incoming calls are regularly dropped or cut-off ; calls are often `` garbled '' -LRB- even when the phone is as close as 5 feet to the base unit -RRB- ; the `` range '' is no more than 60 feet ; and a transfer of a call often results in it being dropped . Add to this non-existent customer service and you have a formula for a very unhappy customer . Would anyone be interested in buying a used system ?! I strongly recommend that you avoid this -LRB- and any other -RRB- product from Seimens . It deserves a `` no-star '' rating .
 Does Siemens have employees that actually look for feedback ? If they do they should take this product of the market . In fact Amazon.com should n't even sell it . That is how bad this phone is.It kills me to think I spent close to $ 400 on this phone -LRB- did n't buy it at Amazon -RRB- . Complete ... total waste of money . Here 's what is wrong with this phone .1 -RRB- The sound is beyond bad . The cordless phone has problems with sound -LRB- makes popping noises and crackling -RRB- two feet from the phone . The second hand set I bought never really worked .2 -RRB- It 's so complicated that unless you have ten hours to learn a phone ... forget it . The manual is 100 pages of giberish . I 've given up . I stopped using the voice mail ... because its so much work .3 -RRB- When you are on the base phone you ca n't pick up a call on the handset . If you can ... I ca n't figure it out so I 've given up on that one , too .4 -RRB- You ca n't ring the handsets from the base set . Again if you can , I ca n't figure it out.Bottom line ... it should n't be so hard to use a phone . Period . This phone is the worst single electonic product I have ever purchased . I ca n't stress enough that you should NOT BUY THIS PHONE . In fact I will never purchase a product from Siemens again . I hope I just saved you some money and hours of headaches .
 The base station worked and it had many of the features I was looking for in a home/office environment but the quality is just not there . The handsets have the most limited range of any cordless I have ever used and Siemens has the WORST customer service anyone could imagine . The only way there could be any truth in the specs/ads would be the wording `` shown and sold as-is and where-is '' . ie junk you will be wasting your hard earned money on . Buy Panasonic or Sony .
 I have to wonder what `` PC Computing '' was thinking giving this phone its MVP award . I can say I wo n't be relying on their reviews in the future ! The main problems :1 . The range is terrible -LRB- 1/20 the distance of a Sony in our house -RRB- ,2 . The handsets feel cheap and tend to break easily3 . The buttons on the handsets give continuous problems , the display on one flickers in and out4 . Siemens DOES NOT CARE . We initially called about the range and they said there was nothing that they could do . Then calling about handset problems was met with a ` so ' even though they were not that old.In short , the ideas and the concept are good , but the implementation is terrible ...
 If you do n't have patience to read manuals over and over and over again to learn how to use something as simple as a darn telephone , do n't attempt to purchase this system . I am pretty technologically advanced and electronically literate but for the life of me , this is the most confusing system to learn to use . After one year , all I still use is the base system to answer business calls . I forget how to transfer from the base to the handsets and from the handsets to the base , and by the time I fumble with the keys , I 've lost the call!The handsets have gone back on three occasions . First , I never know if the the green light on the cradle should be on to indicate the handset is charging . I called customer service and they had varied opinions . One said no the green light does n't have to be on . Another said it comes on sometimes ! DUH !! Well , since mine rarely blink on , the handsets were declared dead on 2 occasions . Now , after a year , the handset that is rarely used does n't work anymore . After two minutes , the conversation becomes unintelligible and you sound like you 're drowning underwater . Piece of garbage , the whole system stinks . Save your money . Customer service is useless . If it 's just the base that works right , who needs anything more than a simple business phone ?? I did n't need to spend $ . . plus extra handsets for a system that requires NASA intelligence to try to figure out .
 We originaly purchased a Siemens 2415 but it was Dead On Arrival . -LRB- We also puchased a 2400 -RRB- . That should have been our clue ... so we bought a 2420 . There are some good features such as tranfering directory numbers to other handsets and the basestation , and intercome features . But the performance of the product has been awefull . The phone cuts out whenever held between ones shoulder and ones ear or if one presses on the phone against your ear . -LRB- It must be something with the location of components near the earpiece . -RRB- The user interface is the worst I have ever seen in any product . The answering machine is accessed and used via a combination of cryptic hard to understand voice and on screen commands . One must put the unit to ones ear and then remove it to look at the screen several times just to listen to a message . Half the commands are visual and half are audio with no rhyme or reason as to which . I am sending mine back .
 Working out of a home office about 3x/week , and fielding calls from 2 lines -LRB- and a cell phone -RRB- , the feature set -LRB- answering machine , dual lines , speaker phone , dial pad on base , cordless capabilities , headset capable -RRB- of this phone appeared absolutely ideal.Au contraire . The UI is terrible , the range on the handsets is grossly inadequate , they are uncomfortable to use , the batteries die quickly . Headset use is not possible due to quality and interference issues . Of particular annoyance is that the answering machine can not be told ONLY to answer one of the two lines -- it always answers both . Similarly , the autoanswer ring # for both lines has to be the same.Aside from the technical/quality failures -LRB- battery life , range -RRB- , Siemens clearly did not speak to ANYONE who uses multiline phones in a home office setting.I ended up abandoning the cordless route and got the Nortel Venture 3line with TAD and have been pleased . I notice that Panasonic JUST released a 2 and 4 line cordless w/base , which might be worth looking into .
 I really wanted this phone . Bad . But after having to return 4 -LRB- yes , FOUR -RRB- sets due to major flaws as described in some others ' postings here , that was it . Now using Uniden EXS9995 and my smile has returned.Here 's what I experienced
 What a crushing disappointment.I 've owned the Siemens 2420 system for about a year now , and every day I find something new to loathe.It 's my own fault ; I was seduced by a pretty face . The 2420 is a beautiful-looking phone . The lines and colors are sleek and elegant . It looks fantastic on my desktop.And that 's about the only nice thing I can say about it.SOUND QUALITY
 I was very happy with my Gigaset 2420 up until it completely died on me . I agree with the several other reviews that the set up of the system was somewhat difficult -LRB- and I have a Masters degree in Electrical Engineering -RRB- . However , I overlooked this and other smaller issues with the system because it provided good voice quality.However , it recently completely died on me . After each ring the main system appears to completely reboot/restart . All the buttons light up at once and the LCD screen blanks out . The answering machine does not pick up and I can not pick up from the mobile handset . I can pick up from the main handset , but there are some beeping sounds before the call is actually connected.I 'm completely perplexed by this . There were no indications that something was going wrong with the system . It just completely broke down.I would recommend others to buy a different system . I 'm probably going to replace this system with a Sony or Panasonic system . They 're cheaper and probably more reliable . They just do n't look as nice .
 I bought a Siemens 2420 desk station and 2 handsets . Everything worked great in the beginning . Within a year the desk station stopped working altogether . I took it back to Office Depot where I purchased it because I had purchased a warranty . They replaced it.Soon afterwards the cordless units would not hold a charge , nordid they hold a charge after I purchased the exact duplicate batteries.Then the desk station would shut down on the second ring of an incoming call . All the buttons would light up red and the LCD display would be all blocked out on the second ring . It would then reset itself and repeat the process on the next incoming call.Siemens technical support HAS NO authorized or unauthorized service/repair centers . They suggested I take the phone to my local electronics repair shop ... or buy a new one . Yeah right.I would definetely NOT purchase another Siemens product .
 The phones are great . The most functional and best sounding cordless phone and system I have owned or used . One problem though -- Siemens will not repair them out of warranty . Siemens will replace then in-warranty but will not touch them out-of-warranty . I developed a bad LCD on the base unit after 18 months . Siemens will not touch it nor will they provide any place to have it repaired . Their suggestion was to go on eBay and buy another . For this reason , I will not purchase any more Siemens phones .
 If you use this phone system in a small space with no walls , you might love it . but put it into a normal office or home setting and it sounds like you 're under water.Anything more than 50-feet , or if the signal has to go through two walls , forget it ! It is almost not usable.I would rate is `` 0 '' if that were available .
 This phone system had problems from the day I bought it . First , the handset was defective and had to be exchanged . The batteries in the cordless units would only allow short conversations . I tried new batteries , and they were of little help . After about a year the LCD display died . By that time I had a significant investment in cordless units so I bought another base station . The display in this one also died after about one year . Then I tried to live with the unit without a working display . Obviously the functionality was limited but the basic system worked for a few months . And then the final problem - when a call is received , clicking sounds come out of the base station and all the lights blink . Sometimes by frantically pushing a line button you can get the caller , more often you miss him . And the cordless units no longer receive calls.I should also add that when the phone was still working , the menu of functions was totally counterintuitive . I have a Ph.D. in science and can handle complex machinery , but even for simple commands on the 2420 Gigaset I had to search in the manual.The bottom line is : Siemens made no effort to build a reliable phone . The fact that the display in the 2420 is very likely to fail within 8-16 months says something about the company 's lack of commitment to quality.Since Siemens is the German version of GE , we could be tempted to say that we have here `` German engineering '' at its worst . But this is probably not fair , German engineers probaly never saw this phone . Instead , German managers bought super cheap products in Asia , slapped huge markup on the units and hoped to make big profits . But what they really accomplished is tarnishing Siemens reputation forever for thousands of people.I will never buy another Siemens product , and neither should you .
 All in all I 've been very disappointed with this phone as have two friends who bought it at the same time . The range is less than my 900mhz Sony , the handsets are not very reliable and it is very difficult if even possible -LRB- have n't done it yet ! -RRB- to get messages over the handset . The idea is good , but Siemen 's implementation is not . Too bad because it has potential .
 This phone system could n't clearly communicate to a hand unit more than ten feet away . Any wall in my 90 year old home was too much for the system . I did find the functions relatively easy to use but there were annoying quirks as to how to release a line when switching to another , the LED is not backlit , and the handset on the base is fuctionally stupid although good looking . These are among many other small problems . Overall the biggest problem is the handheld units did not work which is why you would buy this system .
 I bought this system for my office after I had installed a 2415 at my home . I was in the honeymoon period at home and decided that we needed the same at the office . Initally everything was as good as advertised . The receptionist -LRB- who loved the features -RRB- thought she was in heaven and life was good.Then the handsets started failing , one after the other . Eventually , like my handsets at home , they all failed - every single one . Siemens was very distant and unhelpful , although they replaced the handsets the replacements failed more rapidly -LRB- I suspect they were `` factory reconditioned '' -RRB- After the warranty was up , Siemens would only offer to sell me more handsets.Now the base , whose LCD screen no longer works , sits on a side table . People use it to make outside calls and answer pages . They comment on the styling -LRB- I agree with that -RRB- , and remark on the sound quality -LRB- quite good on the base -RRB- . They ask what the antenna is for , and I tell them not to ask ... . they do n't want to know .
 This system is not the most user friendly system out there . The user manual is not very user friendly and has too many unsaid instructions . First I brought a recondition system , it did not last very long -LRB- three months -RRB- before it stop functioning , I then brought a new system expecting much better service . I have return all of my handsets for replacements for nonfunctioning reasons . The customer service people are very good and will send you another replacement when you are not satisfied with the system . Have a colorful day.Bernard Stringer
 When I purchased this unit it worked great . As time went bye the reception of the mobile units deteriorated . Everything Siemens support suggested failed to improve the situation . 18 months later I am junking the phone system and reverting back to a multiline corded system . My suggestion do n't repeat my mistake .
 Not even useable as a boat anchor . If you come across one of these phones , pick it up and throw it as far as you can . This will produce more gratifying results than any wasted phone calls to Siemens . Text on display looks like alien gibberish . One handset burned itself up and never really took a charge right , even with a new battery . Always plagued with background noise , warbles , and pops during calls . Siemen 's advice ? `` Did you try rebooting it ? '' and `` It 's broken . We suggest you buy the newer , more expensive one . '' I 'm amazed that it ever passed FCC or UL tests .
 This is the first review I have ever written , but i thought i should take the time to warn potential buyers . My father bought this phone and has not stopped complaining about it since . I thought it would be cool because its sleek design , two line caller id , multiple handsets et cetera , but even as only an occasional user -LRB- when i 'm home from college -RRB- I have found it to be terrible . Most people have mentioned that the range is pathetic . You can hardly be on a different floor to use the handset . Furthermore , every time i pick up a handset it is dead or has a low battery . This on its own is not the end of the world , but when it has a low battery the handset beeps . If that low battery kicks in in the middle of the night it is horrible because it will not stop and you have to get out of bed , track it down and place it back on the cradle . I 'm sure that use in an office is different , but i have always felt that one of the advantages -LRB- and points -RRB- of having a corless phone is the ability to leave it anywhere in the house -LRB- without having to worry about it running out of batteries in 4 hours -RRB- .
 I 'm returning this because I ca n't get the handsets to work from more than 15 feet from the base station . I called Siemens and they said that the phone was notorius for only working in short distance situations . I have a regular stud and sheetrock house and it wo n't work while going through a single wall . They should warn you about this . This unit was a tremendous wast of time for me .
 Ok , so our handsets have been getting flaky.the buttons stopped working.I opened it up.There is some odd clear sticky gel everywhere , and the circuit board is discolored.this is not battery goop , either . this is something else . I suspect either whatever was in the rubbery buttons OR whatever was in the contact layer for the switches.I am now shopping for a replacement . I do need the dual line , multiple handset features , and would like some kind of battery backup . any advise ?
 I bought the Gigaset 2420 about ten days ago and set it up with no problems . I 've read the previous reviews and contrary to other opinions , I found the User Manual very informative and the features on the phone outstanding . Reception on the phone has been great . I use the phone for small business and utilize it 's two line capability and AUX phone jack for my FAX machine . The distinctive ring feature for the FAX is excellent and I had no complaints with the phone UNTIL ... . A POWER FAILURE . Once the power was restored , the Gigaset 2420 was FRIED ! I could no longer use two lines on the phone because Line1 would not release and subsequently caused the phone line to go dead until the Gigaset was disconnected from the telephone jack . I attempted to correct this problem myself , and felt my phone line itself had been damaged . When I determined the phone lines were working properly , I used the Gigaset 's restore to Factory Default setting and still the unit would not work on Line1 . After exhausting every attempt to restore the phone to working order -LRB- and losing out on half a days business -RRB- , I contacted Siemens ' Customer Support . I found their Customer Service very prompt and friendly . After describing my situation , the Service Rep advised the Gigaset is sensitive to power failure and the unit was most likely damaged from the power outage . The Service Rep suggested replacing it at the store where purchased since it was only 10 days old . So , I promptly replaced the unit , and installed a new unit . I was sure to buy a new superior grade surge protector to protect the Siemens in case of another power outage . Within two hours of installing the new Gigaset and setting it up , Georgia Power failed me again for five minutes . As soon as power was restored , I was dismayed to find that the BRAND NEW GIGASET 2420 DID NOT WORK AGAIN ! This time , Line2 is fried . I am currently scouring the Web to see if anyone else has experienced this problem . I am currently the proud owner of my 2nd broken Gigaset and have not decided if I want to replace it a 3rd time -LRB- since I LOVE ALL OF THE FEATURES -RRB- or scrap it and go with another system !? If anyone else has had this problem , I would love to hear from you ... Thanks . T. Reimers . tcreimers@yahoo.com
 I investigated this system before purchasing and found it to be exactly what I needed . I have a large house with only three phone jacks
 It only gets 1 star because they wo n't let me give it zero stars.I probably purchased this phone at least 2 years ago when it first came out . I will never buy another Siemens product based on my experience with it and I am finally giving up and junking it for a more reliable phone.First , as other reviewers have stated , it is extremely difficult to use . I do n't have time to use the manual every time I want to do something with it . The intructions are long and complicated . My office mate with a MS in Computer Science had a handset sitting on his desk but could n't ever get the thing figured out . He has a standard wired 2 line phone now that did n't take hours of reading the manual to learn to operate . When listening to messages if you do n't delete them before the end , you have to go all the way back thru the menu process to do so . It has an awful user interface , possibly the worst I 've ever encoutered with a digital device and that includes VCR 's in the early days.Second , remote message checking has a catastophic flaw . The 6 key is used to select hear new messages AND to delete messages after you 've heard them . When I 've hit the 6 key when first entering remotely it has on occasion deleted all of my new messages . There is no recovery . I now wade thru all of my old messages to hear my new messages and I never use the hear new messages option . I complained early on to Siemens about this and they sent me a new unit that does exactly the same thing . This is horrible engineering . Who would consider having the message delete key used for anything else?Third , the handset does n't work at all anymore . It worked okay at first but it had very lousy range , under 50 feet in our office . Now it acts like it is out of sync more times than not and you can not understand a conversation at all with it.Finally , no battery or capacitive backup ! And despite what other reviewers have said , my time does n't get reset from caller ID . I had to plow thru the sill menu process each and every time the power went out until I bought a UPS.I have a MS in EE and am a digital signal processing expert . This phone is personally embarassing to me because it is so awful and my DSP peers designed it . Shame on Siemens !
 I have had the 2420 for over 2 years and have had nothing but problems from the beginning . It began with such a simple thing as the belt clip not fitting one of the three cordless units . But the biggest problem has been the audio quality . Out of the three cordless handsets one of them has worked relatively well since the beginning . One of the units has been nearly unusable , it will cut in and out to the point that any conversation is unitelligible or it will sound like you are talking underwater . Another unit has been on and off - working well at times and then it will act up similar to the one described above . The quality of the audio is such that many people think I am using my cell phone or am on a speaker phone ! -LRB- by the way , my cell phone actually sounds better than these cordless units -RRB- . The range on the cordless units was far less than I felt it should be.My mistake was
 This is a great phone system . 2 lines , up to 8 handsets , voice mail , intercom , conference calls , etc , etc. . So why 1 star ? When it breaks , you 're SOL.I 've had my system for 4 years . Had a few minor problems , Siemens tech support helped , replacing a defective handset in the first few months . I was happy.All of a sudden , 3 months ago , all the handsets started having intermittent problems where the sound was garbled , in a digital sort of way -LRB- no static , just parts of conversation coming in and out a few times per second -RRB- . I contacted Siemens , and their response was `` mechanical problem with handsets , we wo n't fix it , buy new ones '' . Huh ? Mechanical problems , like you get when you drop a handset ? But this problem started on all handsets , at once , and is intermittent . Does n't sound like a mechanical problem , in the handsets or the base . More likely it is a problem with the firmware in the base unit.Talking a bit more to Siemens , I find that I ca n't just buy a new -LRB- 8825 -RRB- base unit , because the handsets I have are n't compatible . Great - so I have two choices :1 . Buy a refurbished base -LRB- $ 130 -RRB- , and perhaps get the same problem 6 months from now , 'cause the firmware is likely the same , and Siemens will continue to insist the problem is a mechanical problem in the handsets . In 6 months , tech support for 2420 will probably be worse than it is now , and if refurbed units are n't available , I 'm SOL .2 . Buy a new base and handsets -LRB- $ 500 -RRB- . Since Siemens has n't even admitted a fault with their 2420 , how can I have confidence that they fixed the problems with the 8825 ? And if there is a problem , I 'll get the same lousy support and incompatibility once the 16300 -LRB- successor to 8825 - just guessing on the number -RRB- comes out.I picked door # 3 . Goodbye .
 This phone is junk . I spent way too much money buying handsets and base units . Sound is garbled on handsets . Range is minimal . Base unit disconnects callers . Tech support completely useless . I would n't buy anything from this company .
 Base station is ok but the handset is useless . We tossed it in the trash after fighting it for a year . Range is less than 10 feet . I would not use another phone from this company if it were FREE .
 The remote unit is unreliable in the best of conditions and very often produces a horrible warbling noise that makes it useless . This is especialy true when located on a floor above the base unit . In just a few months the characters in the display on the base unit are illegible .
 The 2420 unit I purchased new had some issues out of the box . When Siemens recommended I return it for a replacement , they did NOT tell me I would receive a refurbished unit . I did not pay for a refurbished unit , I bought a new unit . So , I now had a refurbished unit . Their customer support line was very unconcerned about the problems I experienced over the next two years . My LCD failed -LRB- from a google search , they all do -RRB- , and any storm caused the phone to require a complete reset . Ultimately , one storm caused the phone to fail . The support line 's response was to sent it to a third party for repair . They could not understand why I refused to throw good money after bad . It is little consolation that I am now replacing this unit with something other that Siemens , and a new medical office I am equiping will also not be using Siemens . I only hope someone at Siemens cares enough to change the way they interface with dissatisfied customers who thought they were buying a phone that would work for more that a few years .
 I was attracted by the design and features of the Siemens telephone and the reputation of Siemens itself but after 9 months the backlit LCD screen became faint and became illegible . The # 2 handset would regularly begin to loose synchronization with the base station and the call in progress would begin to `` stutter '' and then drop . The charge on the handsets would drain in short periods of time and , finally , the keys in the handset became so unresponsive that I could not make calls . I have contacted various consumer agencies concerning a product that is in terms of quality , completely flawed and renders the product unusable .
 Very disappointed - the system has poor quality when you are more than 10 feet or so away from the base system - lots of poping noises and sounds like a cell phone with a bad digital connection . I 'm not alone - a friend just replaced his brand new system with a Panasonic due to the same issues .
 LCD is broken . Phone doesnt ring . Dont trust the Siemens support . They dont answer . They donr help .
 It has been only 1.5 year or so but the keypad is occasionally unresponsive and I have to try really hard to dial a number . The handset must be kept at the charging unit otherwise unlike many phones , it discharges in hours .
 The system failed , piece by piece , with only months of use . And the range was never that good to start with -LRB- inside a normal sized , wood framed house -RRB- . Replaced it with a 5.8 GHz system -LRB- to avoid WiFi issues -RRB- and have been much happier .
 The overall function of the system is good , but certain functions -LRB- accessing all messages remotely , sharing information with cordless units , processing messages from cordless units -RRB- are far more difficult than they should be . Range on the cordless units from the base unit is nowhere near what was advertised , I experienced maybe 50 ' at best before the signal started dropping.The biggest problem , however , is plain lousy quality . These phones just do n't last . The LCD display on the base unit gradually loses pixels until it is so unreadable that menus can not be followed . Similar problems happen on the cordless units . The cordless units just do n't last , either - even if not heavily used , they just die after far too short a time.I thought I 'd really love this system , but it 's been a huge disappointment and a tremendous waste of money .
 I like this phone for many reasons ... but i am so sick of the phone dying on me ! Every single day I hear the warning beep that my phone is about to die . It is so irritating ... that if I did n't buy this phone 10 months ago ... i would have returned it . There are some things that could have been made better on this phone ... although , i do love many of the features . Its not very stylish either , but some of there newer models look pretty nice . The sound quality has been poor at times ... there is static at times ... and always when my microwave is on . But now my problem is with the battery ... every day `` beep , beep , beep ... flatline ! ''
 My wife bought this phone for our daughters bedroom . It was very difficult to follow the manual . The manual takes you through setup for area code , language and screen contrast then leaves you hanging about caller ID setup . There are no instructions in the manual about how to use caller ID with this phone . Likewise there are two alarms . The manual tells you how to set them up but not how to leave one active and the other alarm off . The LCD on the handset is terrible . You have to tip it just right to see the active numbers , otherwise you see every symbol on the phone . Ths companies web site does not have faq 's for problems with this phone . There is a customer support number , I had so many problems with this phone tht I chose not to waste my time -LRB- calling on a working phone -RRB- with them .
 I know this phone is not available and probably no one is ever going to read this review , I thought I put it in anyway after a good 1 hour of trying to set and learn the darn thing tonight . The radio/phone looks pretty good , the stereo sound is very decent as well , but using it is a bi-tch . You have to go through 3 buttons just to turn the stations . And if you set the sleep mode , hope you are not falling sleep and trying to turn the thing off early , you have to locate the little radio on/off button instead of the usual big round SNOOZE button . Setting up the alarm is way too complicated . The volume actually in my personal opinion is a little too loud . Level 1 is enough to keep you sober on a drunken night :-RRB- I am just going to use the basic feature of this unit , not gon na go bother with the `` fancy '' features .
 I used this product for 20 minutes , and it jammed.I did not want to force the frame , as it is plastic . I called the seller and returned the product the next day . It worked very well for 20 minutes . I did not realize the product was considered a toy .
 I use this all the time and it jams up rather frequently . The drawer that holds the coin wrappers will slide out from the vibration of the machine causing the coins to fall inside the machine . While it serves it 's purpose , I would rather not pay that much for it .
 Worked well but then coins started getting jammed under the sliding drawer when it gets full . Eventually it would n't close properly and not line up correctly . If they made it out of metal instead of cheap plastic , it probably would of lasted longer .
 It says it on the packaging and you should believe it ! This coin sorter is for small amounts ... very small . I dumped a handful of quarters in there right when I got it and it immediately jammed . The moter fried up right away and it has n't worked since day one . I can sort a small handful of coins by myself , but anything more than a handful would sure be easier with a properly functioning coin sorter.It 's also very loud ! Do n't try to sort coin while the baby is sleeping . Spend a little more if you want it to last more than one day . I ca n't help think of all the coin I wasted on this purchase .
 Frequently gives inaccurate count , so you have to count all stacks . Sorts coins fine , but , battery operated . Relatively useless . Definitely NOT worth the money .
 I wo n't be recommending this item . I put it together but it keeps getting stuck and finally it jammed up and now it does n't work.I was n't able to fill not even one tube with it because it keeps jamming up .
 First of all I do n't know why you classify this as a toy . Most of all , I would n't waste my money on this again . It miscounts the coins and does not snap back into place properly after removing the coin wrappers . It takes a few times to get it lined up again . I had a cheaper one for many years and wish I still had it . Worked much better that this one .
 Horrible product . Does not sort coins properly -LRB- quarters and nickels mixed together -RRB- . You do n't know when you have the proper amount in each coin sleeve . Would not recommend !
 I dont know what grade of plastic this is made of , but it came very well packed , but also came in about 10 pieces . It was easy enough to send back , but I found about the same thing , made a little more robust at Wal Mart for a cheaper price .
 The coin bank does not work as smoothly as I would like . Msny times coins do not go into the proper tube , despite my not overfeeding the machine .
 This is the worst product . I just got it in the mail and I put the batteries in and followed directions . I stopped the motor to empty out a tube and when I went to start it again the thing wo n't go . It just quit working . The switch probably does n't work . I tried changing the new batteries I just put in . That 's not the problem . I have no clue why it wo n't turn on . Now I have to go through the painful procedure of returning it which means a haul to the post office , repacking it up , etc etc. .
 this is not a bad product for what I wanted it for . That said it did stop working for no apparent reason . I have returned it to the manufacture as it is still covered under a 90 day warranty . Only problem was that it cost half the product price just to ship it back . I would be very careful in purchasing this item .
 I was sucked into buying this `` high tech '' phone because of it 's sleek and futuristic appearance and it 's myriad of bells and whistles . I was , however , quickly disappointed because the phone fails to deliver on the most basic of functions . Daily I deal with calls being interrupted due to the handset losing communication with the base unit . Also , the unit has the capability of adding up to 3 additional handsets that all communicate with one base unit . I added one handset -LRB- which alone was more expensive than many complete phone units -RRB- and unfortunately , it only worked for a few weeks before it developed such horrendous static and interference that I just stopped using it altogether.My lesson learned from this experience is that just because it looks like a Mercedes does n't mean it functions like one !
 I am disappointed in this product . I bought it because it looked nice . I had my vtech phone for a little over a year -LRB- just long enough to be out of the warranty -RRB- and all of a sudden the `` on '' and `` off '' buttons stopped working . I could not pick up phone calls . I had to call people back on my cell phone when they left a message . It is cheaper to buy a new phone than to send the thing in for repair . The phone is nice looking and compact , but that is no good if it does not work . It is not worth the money for only a year 's use . I would not buy one of these phones again .
 So we needed a new phone for the house and another for my home office ... We purchased a 2431 with one extra handset and a 2461 with two extra handsets . Neither phone had sufficient range to go from one side of our house to a room on the other side and deliver static free , stutter free voice . We found that , no matter where we placed the base unit , you had to be within 15-20 feet of the base in order to get decent reception.Oh , and the speaker phone ??? Let 's just say that you are going to want to be in a very quiet room in order to hear the people on the other end , even at full volume , but wow , hit a key and the tone from the phone nearly basts you away . Yet another engineering defect.Summary
 This phone worked reasonably well for about a year . Although it worked , there were some volume problems , the speakerphone was a joke , and reception was mediocre . After a year the phone started working only 50 % of the time . Overall I would say this phone is pretty bad .
 Have had this phone plus 2 additional handsets for 18 mos . The dropped calls -LRB- `` searching for base '' even when near the base -RRB- , is becoming increasingly frequent and increasingly annoying . For no discernable reason -LRB- microwave or computer proximity ; bad weather -RRB- the crackling can sometimes be so bad , I have to finish the call on a corded phone . Someone speaking softly ca n't be heard over the sound of whooshing air . Lot of great features , like calling from handset to handset , but other than that I ca n't wait to find a better system . Consumer reports recommends Uniden EXS 9965 or TRU 346 . Reviews are mixed there as well . Maybe I 'll stick to corded phones .
 I purchased this phone because it had a fantastic look and excellent features for the price.Unfortunately , its terrible constant background hiss , poor sound quality , and miserable battery life convinced me there 's much more to a phone than just looks .
 We have been using this model as our main phone for almost a year and I 'm here shopping for another , we will move this one to a bedroom . Main gripe -- we ca n't quite get use to the menu system -- get lost easily and it beeps at you . For example , finding a number in memory requires unintutitive keystrokes . I do n't like fighting with my phone ! Also -- when cradling the phone against my shoulder , I have inadvertantly muted the phone several times from my cheekbone pushing the menu button . Since the UI is clunky , I frantically try to unmute it and of course the caller thinks we have lost our connection . Lastly , you never want to lose the owners manual , because you 'll never figure out how to program the phone without it . On the good side
 I had the honor of purchasing this phone from a now defunct dot-com just before they went under , which is the only reason I did not return this phone . I was attracted by the myriad of features and abilities of this phone , but find the resulting product a bit disappointing . There is a bit of an echo which gives the effect of trying to talk to someone while standing in a tin can . The range of this phone is not quite up to par with my old 900MHz phone , which means that I can almost walk out my front door without losing reception . In addition to all this , the antenna on one of the hand-sets -LRB- yes , I purchased two of these works of art -RRB- is going out , leaving me with periods of zero communication.But it was a good idea , VTech ...
 After owning and loving my Vtech 900 model 1930c digital cordless for 3 years , I though the natural thing to do would be to get another more advanced Vtech ... ala. . the 2431 2.4 G.WRONG!This phone is disappointing for several reasons : - The reception is poor . I can barely hear the person speaking , although they say they can hear me fine.-To increase the volume is complex and involves moving the phone away from you ear and pushing a couple of buttons . None of this helps with the voice reception/quality of the other party on the line.-The range is poor . To go down 4 flights of stairs to the basement laundry room results in the signal getting cut off . Yet I can go a block and a half down the street . My roomates Panasonic 2.4 G can go down to the laundry room and 2 and a half blocks down the same street -LRB- but no one can hear him on his cordless -LRB- ai n't that a bleep -RRB- . - The handset is too small to rest on your shoulder . Although I could have lived with this if the previous mentioned problems were non-existent . I took it back and I will hold on to my old Vtech until I review the Panasonic Panasonic KXTG1000N 2.4 GHz .
 Great feature list , but here 's what does n't work well :1 . The phone randomly decides to reset itself , usually when you are picking up an incoming call . This behavior occurs on a colleague 's phone as well .2 . The handsfree feature is half duplex , and it works poorly enough that I do n't bother using it anymore .3 . The memory capability is simplistic and awkward . It does n't share the phone numbers between handsets , and you ca n't edit a number that you receive through caller ID -LRB- well , you can edit it , but if you have to shorten or lengthen the number , you 're out of luck -RRB- It 'd be nice if the caller ID call back would automatically figure out how to dial based on your area code as well , but no such luck.I put up with this phone for a year , simply because I hate spending ... on something just to throw it away . I 'm looking for a better product now .
 The VTech 2431 2.4 GHz phone looks great and is loaded with features . But the range is terrible and there is a constant low hum on the line during conversations , plus occasional echoing . I spent an hour on the phone with Vtech technical support and followed all their recommendations like moving the base upstairs to get better reception , but to no avail . I even exchanged the phone for another one thinking it might be defective . Finally , I gave up and returned the phone .
 I was attracted by the style and the features of this phone back in this summer , and I went ahead to order it online . The main reason I bought this phone was the built-in speaker phone on the handset . I think this is a very useful and convenient feature . I do n't have to plug a headset and still can enjoy hand-free talking in my house . Unfortunately , this phone could n't deliver any promising feature . First , the handset speaker phone was so weak that even I adjusted the volume to the loudest position , I have to pick it up and listen to it within less than a foot to my ear . All the people i talked to on the phone said that they could n't hear me clearly , or could n't hear my at all . A lot of time , I had to switch to the $ 10 corded phone . Second , the battery ran out very fast . If I frequently used the phone , I have to recharge it every day . Also , the LCD is always on with message . Whenever my phone line was connected to the Internet , a message was showing on the display saying the line is busy , until I disconnect . I think this is one of the reason the battery charge wo n't last long . Third , this base unit does n't have external antenna , the range of this phone is even poorer than regular cordless phone . I do n't believe it is 2.4 GHz at all . Fourth , the `` OS '' of this phone is poorly designed . I could n't edit the name in the address book . To find a number in the address is cumbersome . Unless I forgot the phone number , it is faster to dial manually than retrieve the number from the address book .
 I was attracted to the VTech because you could add additional handsets and use the intercom feature from handset to handset , which was convenient . The accessory handset failed after less than 2 weeks and the keypad would n't respond - could n't dial or answer the phone . I exchanged the handset . The base handset then stopped ringing , not too convenient when you 're in the yard , expecting a call , and the phone does n't ring . I returned the phone . Two malfunctions in less than 4 weeks . On the plus side , I thought programming was very intuitive .
 this phone has several serious flaws - the first has to be the audio quality . i 'm no telephony audiophile - but the sound of your own voice while speaking on this phone is filled with crackle to the extent that it becomes impossible to speak . secondly , the user interface i.e. storing and recalling numbers etc. . must have been designed in about 5 seconds . it is utterly unuseable . thirdly , and this is more of a general complaint for all of the 2.4 gig phones out there - who 's idea was it to make these phones tiny and look like cell phones ? i 'm not the only one that wants a phone that 's on the large size for my home . 1 -RRB- i can tuck it in my neck and talk hands free 2 -RRB- i can find the damn thing when i leave it about . 3 -RRB- my hands do n't become cramped while holding a tiny object to my ear . 4 -RRB- i really do n't need to put this in my pocket and take it places.until vtech can make a phone that you can actually make and receive calls with no problems - all the other features are garbage . this thing drops calls , ` searches for base ' in the middle of calls and thanks to the UI i frequently have to dial the number 2 or 3 times before it knows what i 'm actually trying to do . it 's actually truly astounding that this phone is so bad . i 'm returning this phone as we speak and buying a mundane black sony 900mhz like i 've had for the past 8 years.avoid this unless you want a pretty little silver paperweight .
 Looks good and has nice features , but the sound quality and static is totally unacceptable . I tried all the solutions recommended in manual and FAQs on VTech website , to no avail . I contacted VTech customer support and they have been non-responsive . The static somewhat disappears when using the handset speaker , but the speaker seems to operate in half duplex -- so if I happen to talk at the same time as the person at the other end of the line , it echos back and cuts out . AND , when on speaker , the other party ca n't hear unless it is within a foot from my mouth . This phone has features I am having trouble finding in any other brand -- no answering machine , ability to add extra handsets , speakerphone , and headset jack . But it 's going back and the search will begin again .
 At first I thought this was a great phone because of it 's speakerphone abilities on the base as well as on the headset . Now I 'll be lucky if this thing answers a call without dropping the call while `` Searching for Base '' even though I 'm standing 2 feet from it . It would be a great phone if it would do it 's primary job - answer calls !
 this is a terrible piece of equipment . half the time you ca n't answer an incoming call without it `` searching for base '' and losing the call . sometimes it just wo n't dial at all . we did n't get any interference , but we did n't feel that made up for its other serious problems . occasionally we would lose calls in the middle of a conversation because it felt the need to `` search for base '' . my niece has a different model vtech and hers is just as bad . she ca n't leave her room with the phone . my suggestion is to avoid vtech phones altogether . they should stick to making children 's toys .
 I thought this phone would be great , but ... . I have 2 handsets and they both crash when I answer the phone . Just read the info about waiting for the caller ID to process thru before answering and will try that . I called Vtech about this and they told me that it was because I have a satellite dish and satellite signals mess up the phone . They where unable to explain why satellite signals constantly bombarding the entire earth cause no ill effects , only if you have a dish to recive them . Thats not even as good as telling me they dont know . My advice if you buy this phone is to keep your phone at least 1 mile away from any parabolic reflective surfaces and live in a place that satellite signals can not penetrate if you expect it to work . -LRB- according to their rep -RRB- My advice is to buy any phone but this one , a 10 $ phone will at least let you answer it EVERY TIME . Buyer beware .
 This cordless phone has great features - speakerphone on base and handset , caller ID , memory dial.Sound quality is quite bad however - even with the great features , I had to return it . Tinny sound to the handset , the speaker on the handset sounds abysmal , and the quality of the construction seems poor . Really small handset , and somehow did n't feel as comfortable as my old cordless phones . Finally , did n't like any of the 6 hyper pitched ring tones .
 The reviews here seem accurate based on my experiences . When the phone works its great , but unfortunately it does not always work . Mine was not clear when I first received it , but after a few weeks of use the sound quality and range was excellent . However , it then began to occasionally drop calls -LRB- battery charge was fine -RRB- . After several months of randomly droped calls , it has stoped functioning as a phone -LRB- although the intercom works great still and the base speaker phone is fine -RRB- .
 I may have had this phone for more than most people ... It worked GREAT the first few months . Then by month 10 it no longer rang . This would be and continues to be my only problem . I returned it to vtech , they sent me a brand new phone and receiver . Took about a month unfortunately . This phone -LSB- did n't work either -RSB- and now im trying to consider buying something else or keeping this phone . I really like it but who wants a phone which doesnt ring ?
 We 've owned this phone for over a year and have been mostly disappointed . While it functions fine , it has irratating quirks.Volume
 I 've been pretty much hooked on V-techs until I bought this phone . The sound quality is poor . It always has a constant hum in your ear . You almost feel like your listening to the inside of a box . I was very disappointed .
 I bought the phone and charged it overnight . I used it the next day and was surprised to get a low battery warning after about 3 hours of use . The Radio Shack I am replacing normally works for marathon days of 7 + hours on the phone . I thought maybe I should give the phone another try so I let it charge all night again . Today I had the same problem . I have to return it . Even though it has a compartment for charging a second battery , I ca n't risk running out of juice on a conference call with a client.Other disappointments are the number of steps to get to my stored numbers . Say I want to call someone in my address book whose name starts with `` K '' . I have to press `` MEM '' then `` FIND '' then the 5 key -LRB- `` jkl '' -RRB- then `` FIND '' and then , since it does n't go to the first name starting with `` j '' or higher but instead goes to the one prior to `` j '' I have to hit the down arrow and then `` ON '' to dial . That 's a lot of clicks . This thing reminds you of a cell phone but it is n't really as smart . To do the same thing on my cell phone I hit my down button to get into my directory , hit the 5 key , maybe press down again , and then hit talk . It is at least three clicks faster . Sure , maybe this is a small thing but I use my phone a lot and it would always bug me that they could have easily done this better.The sound quality is not as good as my Radio Shack 900 MHz . I did n't do any distance tests . The sound with my high-end Hello Direct headset was tinny . I also found that I did n't hear much of my own voice.I could have dealt with the usability problems and less than perfect sound , but the battery stuff is unnacceptable . Lower volume phone users may be happy with this phone .
 My old Vtech DSS 900Mhz has better reception . I 'm quite disappointed with the reception range . I could n't even go two rooms away and it starts to break up . My walls are made of concrete . I called tech support and was told that frequency should penetrate through them with ease . Well , not so . I ca n't even show it off to friends and family . I might just get embarrased with this so-called 2.4 gigahertz phone . Another problem that I discovered is that the voice-mail indicator does n't work.The design , however , is cool . Looks like a cell phone . I like the handset intercom . The sound is loud but again it breaks up . I will probably return it and get a different brand .
 Best looking phone on the market and the best feature set . But I am looking for a replacement because it has been very problematic . I am somewhat of a gadget geek . I work from my home and have a wireless network and a big fast MAC and 2 PCs with wireless adapters - all of which could potentially interfere with the 2.4 G , but do n't . The biggest problem is that having this set up has made trouble shooting other problems with the phone more difficult and the V-Tech support seems to always recommend that you have your phone 2 rooms away from your microwave , computer , or wireless router . Well , could anyone in their target market actually use this phone then ? 6-7 months after I got the phone the microphone in the handset started going . By this time , I had lost my receipt -LRB- if you buy this - keep your receipt in a safe place !! -RRB- . So I started using the speakerphone on the base , which after a month is starting to generate some annoying buzzing when dialing and during the other person speaking . At first people could n't even tell I was on a speakerphone , but now , a month later , people are starting to say that I definitely sound like I 'm on a speakerphone - you know that hollow , tinny sound.No interference with my wirelss as long as I keep the base at least 2.5 feet from my wireless card.Someone else reported a problem with the handset looking for base when it is right next to the base . Well , crazy thing is that I get that same error sound when I 'm not even using the handset , just using the base.Kooky phone . Has been a real problem . Ca n't return it because the problems did n't start until after the 30 days . Ca n't use the warranty because I can no longer find the receipt.But it looks nice sitting on my desk ...
 Okay , I read all the reviews so I was warned ; but the features were exactly what I needed so I took a chance . It did n't pay off . The features were fantastic
 This is an expensive phone and I was expecting better sound quality . It looks neat and I loved how it looks and its small size , however the sound quality was worse than my old Panasonic 49mhz phone that was 6 years old . There was a echo when I talked and a constant humming sound that I could not get rid of . For all the hype about 2.4 gigahetz phones I am not impressed . I returned it for Toshiba FD-9859 for less than half the cost and have been very happy with Toshiba 's 900 digital phone .
 After owning and loving my Vtech 900 model 1930c digital cordless for 3 years , I though the natural thing to do would be to get another more advanced Vtech ... ala. . the 2431 2.4 G.WRONG!This phone is disappointing for several reasons : - The reception is poor . I can barely hear the person speaking , although they say they can hear me fine.-To increase the volume is complex and involves moving the phone away from you ear and pushing a couple of buttons . None of this helps with the voice reception/quality of the other party on the line.-The range is poor . To go down 4 flights of stairs to the basement laundry room results in the signal getting cut off . Yet I can go a block and a half down the street . My roomates Panasonic 2.4 G can go down to the laundry room and 2 and a half blocks down the same street -LRB- but no one can hear him on his cordless -LRB- ai n't that a bleep -RRB- . - The handset is too small to rest on your shoulder . Although I could have lived with this if the previous mentioned problems were non-existent . I took it back and I will hold on to my old Vtech until I review the Panasonic Panasonic KXTG1000N 2.4 GHz .
 This phone drives me nuts . I wish I could return it . Half the time , when I press the button to answer it , nothing happens . The range is n't that good either . Do n't waste your money .
 I read the reviews and found them to be inconclusive . Some people love this phone , others do n't . After spending a few days with the one I just bought -LRB- and returned -RRB- I have to say I come down on the negative side . There was an incessant hiss in the background which really got irritating . I also could not seem to get rid of a sort of echo/reverb that was quite distracting . While I liked the size of the phone , the handset is not paticularily comfortable to hold . The headset I tried , just made all the audio problems worse . Why ca n't someone make a small cordless phone that sounds good and works ? The menu options are difficult to navigate , especially volume which varies from call to call for some reason . All in all , I would not recomend this phone . BTW
 I had hoped that this new phone would live up to my expectations of a V-Tech 2.4 ghz phone . Setting up the phone was quite easy , and the second handset pretty much set itself up as well . The features were impressive , ranging from varying the ringer sound and volume to inputting callers into a directory straight from the caller ID.But the important tests of a cordless phone -LRB- range & sound quality -RRB- found this phone lacking . If you only plan on using this phone inside the house , the V-Tech will most likely prove adequate . But if you are like me and prefer to keep your phone handy while washing the car or sunning on the deck , then look closer at the Panasonic Extreme phones which had incredible range -LRB- more than 100 + yards ! -RRB- The V-Tech phone has a miserable distance-from-base range.The answering machine on this phone leaves much to be desired on the sound quality . Messages tend to be digitally garbled , at times almost indecipherable . I thought maybe I had a lemon , but when I exchanged for the same model , it too experienced the same issues above . So sadly , I must say this phone looks great , sounds horrible . Look elsewhere .
 i bought this phone because it looked pretty cool and it 's features . the full duplex speaker phone is great ... and so is the 2.5 mm jack on the phone so that you can connect a headphone . and the base has a very small profile.but ... the range on this phone is n't so hot . my older sony 900mhz spread spectrum phone has a better range than this 2.4 ghz phone ... which i was a bit surprised at . and the sound quality on the handset is poor.if i had to do it all over again ... i 'd probably try another brand .
 I HAD THIS PHONE FOR 8 MONTHS , AND I LOVE NEW TECHNOLOGY WITH TELEPHONE . THIS PHONE CONTINUALLY SHUTS DOWN -LRB- SEARCHING FOR BASE -RRB- , DURING YOUR CONVERSATIONS , WHILE YOUR PHONE IS RINGING -LRB- WHEN YOU ARE TRYING TO ANSWER IT -RRB- . IT COMPLETELY SHUT DOWN FOR AT LEAST 1 MIN . I AM SO DISAPPOINTED IN THIS V TECH . I HAD THE V TECH CORDLESS BEFORE THIS ONE . NOW IM STILL IN SEARCH FOR A RELIABLE PHONE .
 Receiving a call and listening on the supplied Handset was poor . If I plugged in my own Headset the reception was good . Talking on the phone was fine . The party on the other end could hear me quite well . Vtech needs to improve the acutal earpiece used for hearing in the handset .
 was very anxious to get this phone & its features ... however once we set it up the phone `` hums '' & has a slight echo ... we exchanged it for another & moved it in different places around the house ... i would pass on this one
 I really wanted to like this phone . Even though it was pricey , I thought it would be a great tool . Indeed , the VTech 2431 has tons of great features
 I am on my second VTech 2431 . The first one , the display quit working in less than a week . I considered this to be a fluke so I returned it to exchange for another one on 09-05-00 . On 11-14-00 the display would not display anything when the memory or menu keys were pushed . Two times is a charm to me and this will be my last overrated VTech phone . Be advised !
 I have been reading up on these multi-handset cordless phones for quite some time now . It finally came down to 2 -LRB- the Vtech and the At & t model -RRB- . I decided to go with the VTech since I thought I read enough positive things about it.This phone is really neat ... except ... it 's got problems!Pros
 As long as you 've got a full charge on the battery and you 're only planning on using it to order a pizza , this is n't a bad phone . I 'm actually here shopping for a new phone , after having to scramble for my standby corded phone for the umpteenth time . I 've tried replacing the battery - no luck.Do yourself a favor and keep looking .
 My father-in-law has this phone . While it has physically withstood being lost and dropped , the voice quality is horrible . The moment you make or receive a call involving it , you can hear your voice echoing loudly . It is impossible to have a conversation for more than a few minutes because the echo is so distracting . It does not matter how close or far you are to the base or what channel you are on . When I stay at his house , I use the phone as little as possible , and yesterday he said he was going to throw it out .
 I bought this phone about a year ago and it was fine for the first six months . It has been dying in the middle of calls lately and it finally just died for good the other day . It is not the battery - I replaced it . It is just a low quality phone .
 I just bought this phone , and I have been charging it for three days and it still has no type of dial tone . It has a bit of static and it is hard to hear . I plan on returning it .
 The features looked to be a great match but the audio quality was a complete letdown . There was a constant hiss transmitted to the other party unless I held the mute button . The phone would drop the connections or fail to answer when I walked more than two rooms away.I worked with the Brother help-line but none of their suggestions were successful.I returned the unit and bought a Uniden 2-line DSS .
 This phone is almost perfect . It has all the features you might want , is easy to use , priced reasonably.Unfortunantly , it has the smallest range of any cordless phone I 've ever tried . Even 15 feet from the base station my reception is n't perfect . At 75 feet it is unusable.Two caveats
 I selected the Uniden EXS9966 primarily based on the reviews here to replace an ancient ATT cordless phone . At first I was pleased with the purchase , but eventually found one annoying and one fatal flaw.The line 1 and line 2 buttons are located at top of the phone , lining up with your cheekbone . I found that on several occassions I would inadvertantly hit the line2 button with my cheek and switch to line 2 . After realizing that I had done this , I would have to select line1 and see what the person on the other end had been saying in the meantime.The real problem came when the outgoing volume dropped substantially . I isolated the problem to the phone but found no phone settings to control the outgoing volume . The Uniden customer service folks had no suggestions outside of sending the phone in for repairs.After spending the time to research the purchase and paying quite a bit for it , I was pretty disappointed that it had problems so soon and decided to return it to Amazon instead of getting it repaired . So , I geuss I was either unlucky here , or Uniden does n't do a good job of quality assurance . I 've since bought a Panasonic which works fine so far and does n't have the line1/line2 design issue . Good luck !
 A good deal , but the background hum listed in the ` Cons ' is certainly that . Since I planned to use this phone as my primary , I am returning it and will have to find some other product . This is too bad , as my other Uniden products have always been top notch.I am surprised they did not withdraw this phone from the market .
 IN general , I like this phone . The reception has always been terrific , and I 've learned to live with a few usability quirks . Like another reviewer , I have also had the problem of accidentally hanging up on people because the hangup button is located right at the cheekbone . -LRB- I have this problem on another Uniden phone that I own , and my sister has this problem on her Uniden phone , too -RRB- . But the problem that is sending me over the edge is that after only 8 months of light use , the `` 3 '' key on the handset has stopped working . I called Uniden this morning , and was told that I would have to box it up and send it in to be repaired , and that it would take about a month to get it back . Many companies that sell electronics will send you a new one , and will also pay for shipping for repair . For example , when I had a bum Palm Pilot , Palm sent me a new one overnight , along with a prepaid shipping envelop for returning the old one . That 's good service . By contrast , it seems that Uniden could n't care less about supporting their products once they have your money .
 This phone is great , as many other reviews state . I boutght it from ... because of the ... revies in fact -LRB- thanks everyone ! -RRB- . Lots of features . Good sound quality . I can go 1.5 blocks to the dryer cleaner or pizza place , you 'd thinki i was on my mobile only the sound is better . There is a slight humming sometimes that did n't bother me , but on occasion did bother person on the other end of the line . The belt clip actually stays on , amazingly , so you can wear it while on phone -LRB- if use headset -RRB- and waiting for calls . I like that you can keep a spare battery charging in the base though have n't boutght one yet.BUT , and it 's a big one IF IT WORKS.Mine went on the blink after 8 months . Just stopped working.Sent phone for warranty repair , Uniden 's `` Customer Abuse Department '' is quite a place . They notified me -- at the wrong address & under the wrong name they had received the phone , by a miracle the card was forwarded to me . Wanted $ 50 to fix it . Told me it was not under warranty -- wrong paperwork was in the box -- told me this in a most angry tone , not the slightest sympathetic/apologetic -LRB- paper said one year & I only need pay shipping to them , which I was silling to put up with -RRB- , refused to look up my record # in computer after they received it , refused to allow me to speak with a supervisor , hung up on me , etc.Finally after 45 minutes of abuse I did get through to a supervisor who was pretty much competent , acknowledge it was a one year warranty , but I have to fax the invoice again proving I purchased less than one year ago.Gift givers beware !! YOu will *** have ** to give them a copy of the invoice too . Uniden will *** NOT *** provide warranty service based on the date the product registraction card was sent in or based on a packing slip without price -LRB- ie if you had ... mail the gift to them -RRB- . Besides Uniden 's Customer Abuse Department it is a GREAT phone , one of the best I 've used in years . I would buy another in an instant if they were at least halfway polite in their service dept.
 I really like the features of this phone.However , because of the power drain on the battery -LRB- I have 2 -RRB- , I 'd replace it in a heartbeat .
 The 1,2 , and 4 buttons on the unit failed after minimal usage . I also own the same model without the digital recorder . This unit experienced the same problem . Uniden service claims that they never heard of this problem before . Not likely if both of my units have the same problem . The only option is to buy a. . . replacement handset . I have a better idea . Buy a new system from a more better supplier .
 I found it hard to use and ended up buying a different phone .
 The Uniden EXS9966 is without a doubt the most worthless , poorly manufactured piece of junk on the market today . After trying several different phones we settled on this one - due in no small part to the glowing reports from other reviewers . What a disappointment ! Within two months the sound started to go out in the handset , and the headset jack got so loose and sloppy that the headset cable would actually fall out - and the topper is the Uniden `` customer care '' department that tells me I can send it back - at my expense , and they will repair it - at my expense , and return it to me - at my expense , and I will only be without a phone for 4-6 weeks ! Good grief ! It is without a doubt the worst support I 've heard in years.Furthermore - the pricing is a stone cold -LSB- bad -RSB- . I do not blame -LSB- anyone else -RSB- for this - but the phone is now selling for one third of what I paid less than 6 months ago.RUN - do n't walk away from this disappointing and badly supported substandard unit . And I would avoid Uniden as a whole given their utter lack of support for their products.What a bad taste this has left .
 The short and the sweet.The NiCad battery is indeed a problem , expect to replace it after 6 months , as the handset will only run for 40 or so minutes then ... Say , -LRB- ... -RRB- at -LRB- ... -RRB- for a new battery.The speaker phone function is fine , but not for business use . Friends , family , yes.At the price , an OK deal . But not a steal.Beware of 900 Mhz interference , this phone killed -LRB- via interference -RRB- my GE 900 Mhz headset phone , so if you wish -LRB- or have -RRB- another 900 Mhz phone at home , you should be carefull .
 DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE !! Ignore all the other review claims about this phone providing decent battery life ... they 're absolutely not true ! I purchased this phone about a year ago or so and initially the battery life was acceptable , and I could talk for over an hour with no problems . About 6 months ago the battery life plummeted . The reason is because the batteries are crummy nickel cadmiums that suffer from memory effect . Now I have less than 15 to 20 minutes of talk time . All the other features are well-done but avoid this phone unless you want to have every other call interrupted with a failing battery .
 After reviewing Consumer Reports I decided to purchase the EXS 9960 and the EXS 9966 ... big mistake . Though the range and sound quality have been satisfactory , the battery life is poor at best . What is so disappointing is that I followed the instructions word for word . In addition I purchased additional batteries for each phone under the assumption that I would run the phone/battery down then have a fresh , recharged battery waiting in the wings . I purchased the phones less than a year ago and they both fail to get me through more than 30 minutes of talk time .
 Uniden makes great phones - have been buying them for years but this one is a reject for one simple reason ... while it is a 2-line phone , it only has * one * on/off ring setting for both lines . I ca n't turn off my teenagers line # 2 on the master bedroom phone !!!
 This is the second time I 've had a Uniden phone . The first one lasted just a few months . I should have known better ; this one was dead on arrival . After charging for 24 hours , the handset worked , but the speaker never worked . Given the nuisance of returning defective consumer electronics , I 'll stick with Panasonic in the future .
 Maybe there 's a difference in quality , but two other sources have these for $ 3.25 . And shipping can make a difference . Google `` plastic cover slips '' and see what you get .
 Received timely but product was not as advertised . About half of the glass , not plastic as advertised , cover slips were broken . Seller refunded half of purchase price .
 Was told they was new but use use ask seller to replay to me but not
 The mat came wrapped in plastic wrap , not the actual original packaging . I 'm gon na have to call customer service to see if I actually purchased a used product instead of a new one . I 'm very disappointed .
 Nice enough chair , but a wheel fell off after a couple of months . I would not buy this product again .
 OK - I thought `` a stapler is just a stapler . '' How different could one be than another.Well , for such a simple office tool , this one is much better . Its easy to push the staple through . But more important , the `` anvil '' ?? -LRB- the metal that bends the staple -RRB- is a much more intelligent design . It actually has 2 articulated parts that bend the staple completely flat . You wo n't catch your finger on them . As the product description states , a pile of stapled papers lies flat.One of those small , minor improvements that removes one hassle from your life . My only concern is that the strap that pulls the holder back when you open to refill is apparently a clear Mylar ribbon . Does n't seem like it will last , but no problems so far.Worth a few bucks more for a better designed product . === Update after 6 months of light use . The staples are no longer flat - and will snag your finger , perhaps worse than normal stapler . Already looking for a replacement.Oh well ...
 You should check the staplers before they are shipped-one of the staplers was received broke-which will inturn influence my decision to purchae in the future .
 When I ordered this paper , it was damaged and also the incorrect color . I contacted the company , and was basically told it was my problem - they were n't going through the trouble of replacing the paper as it is too costly for them to do so.I could n't believe their attitude , so I called and spoke with a supervisor who said the same thing . No effort , or offer to replace the paper.I contacted Amazon and at present they are trying to resolve the matter , which I appreciate . However , buyers beware . . Do n't buy from this company . They will not replace damaged merchandise , and their customer care is totally unprofessional !
 YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS IS PURPLE . DONT GET IF WANT WHITE PAPER - IT WAS OBVIOUSLY A HOPE THAT YOU WOULD ORDER THIS WANTING WHITE PAPER , BUT AS I HAVE SAID IT IS PURPLE AND SINCE THIS HAS TO BE TWENTY WORDS , I WOULD LIKE TO ADD , THAT I WANTED WHITE PAPER , NOT PURPLE AND SO ORDERED THIS THINKING IT WAS WHITE BUT IT WAS PURPLE . WHAT YOU SAY , WAS THIS PAPER WHITE ? AND I SAY , NO IT 'S PURPLE !
 I wanted a heavy duty staple remover suitable for standard size as well as bigger size staples . I visited local stores like Target and Walmart . I could not get what I wanted . I searched in Amazon web site and located this product.Max Heavy-Duty Black Staple Remover -LRB- RZ-3F -RRB- Since I am using MAX staples , I thought this MAX product also will be good . After using it I found this product is not suitable for removing standard size staple as well as bigger size staple with few papers . It is not at all removing the staple with few papers ! It works only when the thickness of papers is at least 1/4 inch for bigger staples . However , its performance is not satisfactory for standard staple even for 1/4 inch thick papers . I have wasted my money by buying this product .
 This Digital Phone Card is not compatible with Nokia 's 5160 .
 I purchased the Rex after reading a number of excellent reviews , including many from people who had purchased the unit to `` sync '' with their Windows applications , particularly Outlook . I was disappointed to learn later that the Rex does not presently sync with Windows ME or its version of Outlook . Given the number of keystrokes required to enter even small items of info on Rex manually , the Rex is of little use to anyone with Windows ME . Xircom confirms the Rex does not presently sync with Windows ME , although they say they 're working on it .
 I really like this product , in concept and in practice . So much so , that I have replaced it * twice in a six months * . But I have finally decided that I can not use one long-term , because the screen breaks too easily.The thing is designed to be pocket-size , but the manual points out that it is not really safe to carry in most pockets , briefcases or handbags . Unfortunately , they mean it ! The screen cracks fairly easily under real-life conditions faced in any of these common places.On the other hand , maybe I am just a scrub . People who dress more business-like might not have this problem . The only safe and useful place I have found to put the thing , in my wardrobe , would a front shirt - or coat - pocket . But I do not dress far enough up on the food-chain to have one of those every day .
 I purchased three Rex 's for myself and two other peopleon the advice of my friend who liked the product.Within a month , all three Rex 's broke . The product is terrible ! I was attracted by the product 's low price and miniature size which still makes it attractive . However , I warn that the size actually becomes a big problem because it breaks VERY easily and do n't be conned into believing that the product is a great fit for your wallet because it WILL break if you leave it there . The Rex comes with a hard plastic shell thats poorly designed so its hard to put in and take out of and considerably adds to the Rex 's size so it no longer fits into your wallet . For the budget conscious , I 'd strongly recommend paying a little more and buying the palm m100 or Handspring Visor - those will be so much more worth the purchase if you are n't too qualmy about the size . In any case , the Rex does n't nearly compare to these in terms of functionality or ease of use .
 Cool little machine once I worked out how to use it -LRB- as the instructions do n't tell you -RRB- . It so much better than carrying diaries/day timers around with you . The docking station and TrueSync are a great idea but not that straight forward . Its a lot quicker to add all your info from your PC or laptop using this however when it come to synchronising from you PC to the REX that 's when the problems start . I spent nearly 1 hour of the phone to the help line and got them to go through it . Saying that , I still have problems with it . But , if you are a wizard on the computers and not a technophobe like me you should be OK .
 The rex system is small , flexible and can be an indispensable resource when away from home or office . Unfortunately I 've just had to purchase my third replacement . They do n't stand up well to everyday use . The first started eating batteries , one set every 5 minutes as long as you were willing to feed it . The second suffered a broken screen the first day of use . I have high hopes for the third.A replacement Rex come with the full set of accessories and costs accordingly . Amazon.com makes it more affordable . I 'd have given up on it if I had to pay recommended retail .
 Metal clip is tight . I find it has to bend a bit to fit on my fairly normal belt . Lasts about a month and then the metal clip becomes dislodged . On my fourth now . Would probably be fine if you were attaching to something thinner like cloth .
 I got fooled by the Sony brand name , thinking this coordless phone would be about the same quality of my Sony TV . Well , it was n't . It lasted about a month before it just stopped . I replaced it with another brand that cost half the price , and it works just fine ... threw the Sony in the garbage.I do n't think that Sony even makes these anymore - for good reason !
 This desk is a piece of junk . The silver paint on it was streaked and showing metal . Some metal was rusted . When assembling , brackets came out of wood revealing very cheap chipboard . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I will never buy any product of LEDA again .
 The package arived , its a decent clip board but it 's made from cut up waffer board and is not the type shown in the photo that is made of a recycled mother board . this was very disapointing and i had opened it before realizing it was n't the one i wanted , i will be giving this to a friend as a gift and buying the right kind
 I was quite pleased to find all of the features of this system plus an extra phone for under $ 50 . But the sound quality is terrible . This one is going back .
 I RECOMMENDED VTECH 6.0 THIS ONE WHEN YOU DO NOT LIVE IN CITY IS TOY FOR REAL NOT GOOD .
 The color in the picture looks like a subdued tasteful green and silver , what I received was bright green with a tacky bright copper design . The case itself looks the same nice silver and well constructed but the circuit board looks like a cartoon cereal box prize . If you like cheapo , tacky gumball machine looking toys this is the item for you ! If you want something resembling the picture , you 'd be better off buying plain silver case and gluing your own circuit board to it . So ... keep looking and be sure to let me know if you find something true to its advertisement .
 I bought this key tag knowing that $ 2.50 would probably not get me much . Not surprisingly , the keychain hole is too close to the top . The thin strip of plastic broke after 6 months of heavy use . However , I opted to buy 3 extra key tags to replace the first , knowing that I would have to replace it again in 6 months . I do n't have a problem with that , as other higher quality key tags were significantly more expensive .
 The chair came damaged due to very poor packing . In response to request for discount , accompanied by photos of damage -LRB- top of the back and a foot -RRB- , a 20 % one was offered . It is not adequate , as this chair would not be worth $ 320 if offered for sale , but there was no point in arguing . After several experiences with receiving broken furniture , I do n't think I 'll be buying mail-order furniture anymore
 in all honesty I have bought different markers from sharpie about 4 seperate times and I am dissapointed every time . Twice the back end exploded and ruined some expensive clothes with permanent marker ink . And the other times they have dryed out in less than a week . I would like to give these a good rating but I just ca n't recommend these to anyone wanting to buy a quality product .
 Canon HS-1200TS Desktop Calculator -LRB- 7438A003AA -RRB- Canon HS-1200TS Desktop Calculator -LRB- 7438A003AA -RRB- I bought this calculator because it had the backspace button . Turns out I need to use it ALL THE TIME !!! This calculator has issues with the keys not working , then even when it looks like they do , the output is wrong . Thankfully , I know a bit about math , so I know what to expect as far as a range of output . I would say it is correct 25 % of the time and I suspect it is the keypad issue . This calculator is the office joke .
 I 'm on my second try of this calculator and I still HATE it . It skips numbers ALL THE TIME . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought 2 of these 1 for home and 1 for the office . I wish i could return them . this calculator does n't work very well and I have made so many mistakes with thisI have lost confidence in their accuracy . Adding 16 numbers in a column on a tax form 6 times -LRB- you know add it then check it -RRB- I only got the same answer twice !!! and that turned out to be a wrong answer !! Division has similar fun results . I suspect the processors are faulty , And the battery is not replacable so it a throw-away !
 Upon opening , sharpener would not work at all . It comes with three AA batteries which is nice , but not if the batteries are corroded . Tried replacing corroded battery , but it still would not work . Returned product and will not replace .
 this thing doesnt work very good . maybe for the first few times you use it . after that is dosnt sharpen right .
 They have these in the Staples store and online for $ 4.99 - why on earth would anyone pay $ 25 for it ?
 They should provide a user manual with these things . I could not for the life of me figure out how to work it . Also , as others have mentioned , these are $ 5.00 at Staples the store , so unless gas goes to $ 10.00 a gallon you should just pick one up there . Make sure they show you how to use it though . *** Update *** After many phones calls to Staples 800 number we figured out I actually received the significantly less common `` Hard '' button that requires reciting a 64-bit encryption key and whistling the Star Spangled Banner in its entirety before it will state `` That was Hard . '' Due to a mix-up at the plant my `` Hard '' button was accidentally stamped with the `` Easy '' button logo . Explains a lot !
 The product itself does n't seem too bad , but the assembly seemed like it should have been much simpler . None of the holes lined up and I had to force fit the pieces . It 's a little banged up now but works fine . I 'd rather keep it after all the work I had to put into it then have another one sent and chance having the same problems .
 Very bad directions for putting it together - confusion as to how it goes together . Screw holes do n't match up when it is together . It 's a poor product .
 This cart was delivered to me without the wheels . I dont care how great the cart itself is , if it does n't come with all the parts it gets one star .
 This product came without the packet that was supposed to have screws and nuts , and also without the threaded inserts that a few of the screws were supposed to screw into having been welded in place on the file cabinet sides . I ended up purchasing a small set of hardware that I used to complete the assembly of the cabinet . The cabinet components appear to be of good strength and finish , so it remains true that `` you get what you pay for . '' My choice was to buy the hardware or send the thing back or spend the better part of a morning wading through customer service . I chose the easy way out . The cart now serves my purpose just fine .
 Not all that impressed - was n't the easiest to put together and I had to hammer it out to make it fit . I almost feel like it was returned and slightly bent or something . Then , to top it off , the file folders hit the bottom which is really annoying . Not that happy with this purchase .
 When I began to assemble I found lots of defects . Between the two boxes I was able to assemble one defect free except of some warped pieces cart . Coating was chipped in a variety of places and edges bent . Even good pieces had very rough edges , so I have to be careful not to cut myself .
 Leaves tiny specks over the paper , and this is without the stamp even touching it . Leaves gloppy , sloppy very wet impression .
 As you 'll see by clicking on most Aurora shredders and reading the reviews , they use cheap plastic gears to run the blades , and they invariably strip -LRB- even if you follow the instructions - I never came close to running more than 5 sheets at once , much less 7 -RRB- , rendering the machine equal to a wastebasket with a very heavy lid.I hate junking something that looks so new . I 'll never again buy a shredder from these people . If you do , I hope you know how to fabricate your own gears ... because you definitely ca n't get new ones from the company . Even if you are able to track down a Customer Service number -LRB- hope you read the Da Vinci Code , that will be good practice -RRB- , they do n't answer their phones . High class operation all around .
 The slot for dispensing the stamps is not appropriate and does not dispense efficiently . Would not recommend this item .
 We bought two of these , and they 're not big enough to hold a roll of 100 stamps . This is a piece of junk !
 This the worst of this type of product that I ever saw . Amazon.com should be ashamed of being associated with the sale of such a product !!!!!
 This is one of the worse stamp dispensers I/we have ever run across ! We purchased -LRB- luckily only 2 -RRB- to try for our agency -LRB- 35 to 50 people -RRB- and they are horrible . I would not recommend anyone purchase this type ... stay away ! They smash even a 50 count roll of stamps down into an oval shape then you have to pull really hard to get it to roll/move to get your stamps out . Sometimes the stamps peel off inside and get stuck to the others & good luck getting the stamps apart in 1 piece , we could n't . We threw ours in the trash . Staples does not carry them anymore , maybe Office Max or Office Depot ? USPS has some expensive ones or a white -LRB- not see thru -RRB- plastic dispenser that is reasonably cheap .
 My big issue is with the spine ; it separates from the binding too easily . I am only half-way through my current notebook and have had to tape the binding in place .
 To anyone thinking of buying this camera in 2009 -- there must be better options available than this now 21/2 year old model . I tried it because I wanted the 12x zoom , Leica optics , feature set , build quality , etc. but after trying it out over the weekend at the Yankee game and for nature photography -LRB- which is what I mostly purchased it for -RRB- I was extremely disappointed when I loaded the photos into the computer . Noise levels for images shot at ISO 200 are totally unacceptable . I could not work with ISO 100 because the weather was overcast . But hey -- I need to be able to use the camera in all conditions , not just when the sun is shining . All images are smudgy and soft and start breaking up when viewed at 1/2 size let alone at actual pixel size . As for cropping -- forget it ! Also the auto-focus does not work well in a variety of situations . At the upper end of the telephoto range , the camera can not be hand-held at slow shutter speeds even with the level 2 shake reduction on . Plus for my 52 year old eyes the small viewing screen and the coarse optical viewfinder are definitely no longer state of the art -LRB- if they ever were -RRB- . For the past few years I have owned the Lumix TZ1 and LX2 and have been happy with them . I have gotten used to their smudgy noise reduction but the Leica V-Lux 1 , instead of being better in this regard , seems worse . I was hoping for an improvement in zoom range over the TZ1 -LRB- which is a compact automatic which goes to 350 optical zoom but only 5 MP -RRB- but from what I have seen so far , this camera is not only not an improvement , I do n't even think it is as good . Your money -LRB- and mine , once I return this -RRB- will be better spent on a newer model camera that has hopefully dealt with some of these problems . I will try the Lumix G1 .
 There is nothing in the description of this product that I could find that says how many pages there are in this pad . Did I miss it , or is it missing ?
 it showed was send out yesterday and even with a track number , suddenly received a email said it was not in the warehouse . 11 of 13 items I ordered were not available ? why this company still have them on the amazon ? I had to run to staple to get all of them.Very disappointed , will never order from this company again .
 It may be my fault but I expected the pens -LSB- at 0.7 mm -RSB- to have a finer ink point . If one tends to write small the pen is less than ideal . I have found no defects otherwise and the bonus marker is handy .
 This is the first Panasonic item , in 30 years of happily buying their products , I 've ever criticized . Why ? 1 . Support staff at Panasonic do n't speak clearly ; Panasonic 's outsourced their 800 - number to the planet of mumblers .2 . They refer all callers to the selling dealer . Does Amazon provide support if you have a problem with something bought from Amazon ? 3 . User Guide is cryptic , unclear and written in Japlish . It uses unidentified icons in the instructions with no textual explanation -LRB- i.e. , the One-touch Dialling and Personal Speed Dialling -LRB- sic -RRB- instructions on page 2 -RRB- . Naturally , said instructions do n't work.In summary , Panasonic telephones are NOT recommended . I 'm saddened , because I 've been happily installing Panasonic phone systems for the past 30 years , ever since I left telco , but they 've cheapened essential support to the point where I can not recommend it any more .
 I own a cross pen made in usa . The pen is heavy , very well made and gorgeous . I just recieved this pen thinking the reviews were just being over dramatic however , the pen really does feel like cheap tin . I have requested a refund immediately . For 75 $ the pen should be flawless and it just isnt .
 Bought 4 cross sterling silver pens as gifts . $ 75 or so each . Did not think I had to inspect them , beyond looking quickly in the box . Gave them as gifts , and all of them exhibited tarnish at top and or bottom . To late to return . First really bad experience with amazon . Should have bought crome for $ 20 each .
 Not what I expected at all from a Cross pen . It arrived as if it had been burned , perhaps rust , I am not sure . Black spots all over and body is a little yellow . I am returning it for a new one . I hope it comes alright this time . Very dissapointing !
 I bought this after reading the other 4 reviews that gave this pen 5 stars!The build quality is so china like , the upper and lower peaces of the pen are not aligned like it should . . you can never expect such horrible problem with such a highly priced product . . Other than that it writes smoothly and came with a nice gift box . .
 This is a terrible product . The electronic voice is not understandable at all . The device is much smaller than it looks in its picture . The keyboard is tiny and difficult to use . The product is not worth the price by any means.I returned the product to Ace Photo within hours of opening it . Since Ace charged me a 15 % restocking fee , I literally paid about $ 31.00 just to open and inspect the product . -LRB- I also paid another $ 6 or 7 to ship it back . -RRB- I then wrote a bad review about the order . Ace called asking me to remove the bad review of the order . At first I refused , but then Ace promised to refund the remaining $ 31.00 so I removed the negative comment from the order . I now find that Ace only refunded me $ 20.00 of the promised $ 31.00 . Of course removal of the negative review of the order was `` final , '' which means I can not reinstate my negative comments about the order . The next time I will `` see the money '' before I remove a negative comment .
 I was being cheap , and cheap is what I got . Item arrived with creases that can not be flattened , and one crease was bad enough that it distorts images . I 'm using it , but I will replace it with a better product as soon as I feel secure enough .
 I wish I would have read the reviews on this product . It is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE !!! Do not buy . Do not waste your time or money ! It is incredibly thin . I probably could have purchased a small sheet of plastic like this from a craft store and been happier . I would never recommend this product to anyone . It was packaged fine but the sheet had many dents and scratches in it . DO NOT BUY .
 I received the desk protectors today . What junk , it is a little thicker than a piece of paper , it is clear , and I can trim the items . The problem is the plastic is so thin , one piece has creases that will never come out , therefore will never lay flat . Both pieces have dings all over , I don : t know what to say other than I was completely disappointed with the product.ThanksD Jameson
 completed ruined - this thing theyt shipped me looks like an old piece of junk and not a `` new '' item . what a mripoff
 I would rate this with negative stars if possible . This is basically a piece of plastic that probably cost 30 cents or so to manufacture . I went to Office Max to check out their deskpads prior to ordering on amazon . I thought that I found one comparable to this . It was about $ 25 in store . Since there were n't any reviews I took a chance and lost . It came in a huge box but was bent in half , with dimples and wrinkles . It is about as thick as 4 pieces of plastic wrap , but flimsy and brittle . It is n't worth returning at this point but I would have been better off initially spending more . Very disappointed .
 It is useful . But it sucks ! Too thin and can not set on desk stably . It looked like a second hand product , because there are many creases on it .
 The plastic came to . Me bent up like the ups ppl did n't give a dam not a good look so I want a new fresh not bent 1 okay !!!!
 Completely awful . I was n't expecting the greatest desk protector ever for the price , but at least deliver what you 're selling . My desk is in an orthodontist office , and has to be around cold-sterile and the such , so I did n't want to spend a ton of money for basically a splash guard . I should have just spent an extra $ 10 . This material is 100 % not intended to be used as a desk mat and should n't be advertised as such . As someone else has already stated , cling wrap would have been just as good .
 This thing is paper thin , flimsy , damages easily . I do n't see it being fit as a desk protector at all .
 This product took a very long time to deliver and when received was badly damaged . Several corners were bent over and there were more than a dozen marred spots on the piece . Very disappointed .
 This is not even a mat . It came all bent up and looked like a piece of garbage . DONT BUY THIS !
 Just a big , thin , clear piece of plastic . Not sure if it will protect my desk , but the thing came bent up and creased . Just was n't what I expected at all .
 This is nothing more than a clear sheet of thin plastic . It is not a desk protector as it says , but is just a rolled up piece of clear plastic . It arrived with a permanent crease going down the entire length , near one edge -- so to make it usable at all , i have to cut off that 12 inches that includes the crease . It also looks used , has many `` pock '' marks , and will not work as a desk protector . My assumption had been that this was a real desk protector , and had some weight so that it could hold things down . It is just a clear piece of thin plastic that wo n't hold down anything . I only paid $ 6 for it , so I am not going to complain about being too ripped off , but this is not what it claims .
 Although well packed , the desk protector arrived already creased . As someone else remarked , it is so thin that it does n't lie flat on the desk . I had to weight down the corners and every time I move something around it wrinkles more . I only recieved this yesterday but doubt it will last more than a week .
 They sent these paper thin plastic sheets in a HUGE carton which is a tremendous waste of cardboard and the sheets were so bounced around inside that they were wrinkled and buckled like crazy so they look absolutely TERRIBLE laying on my desk . But they will do for now until I can get something better . I would NOT order these again even if they paid ME !
 This is not an ideal protector . It creases so easily . It does NOT lay flat on whatever you are trying to protect . It 's not a good product . Do n't buy it . Buy those real office clear protector !
 This arrived bent and looked just awful . The plastic is cheap and looks it . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered it , not realizing that it is just a flimsy piece of plastic . there is no wieght to it . It arrived creased and bent . It is NOT worth the money . It will not stick to the wall either.I would have been better off putting plastic wrap on my desk.It is not a good investment .
 No ADHESIVE - Just a very thin clear plastic sheetI was very dissappointed to find that there is no adhesive to attach this to the desk . It 's too thin to just lay on the desk and expect it to stay in place . It 's really the same plastic they sell in small sheets to laminate letter size paper . I had to tape it down with heavy duty sealing tape to my desk to get it to stay in place . I new it would be thin because it 's so cheap , I only purchased it because it 's the only deskmat that 's big enoughfor my desk.And yes , it came with creases , marks and the edge bent . Easily gets creased and marked . Just a cheap thin piece of clear plastic . Just like the clear plastic book covers for binding reports in High School . DO N'T BUY IT !
 After reading all the reviews of this item , I decided it was time for me to try it out.It sucks .
 I was not satisfied with this item . I thought I was getting a thicker protector , something that would actually serve as a practical cover . Because the plastic is so thin , when I opened the package , it was dented in several places and would not lay flat on the desk . It was not what I expected .
 WHAT A PIECE OF GARBAGE . TOTALLY MISREPRESENTED IN THE DESCRIPTION . TOTALLY USELESS . HAS CAUSED ENDLESS AGGRAVATION IN MY OFFICE . ONE OF THE WORST PRODUCTS I HAVE EVER HAD THE MISFORTUNE TO PURHASE . FOOEY !!!!!
 It came very well packed in a tube . I opened it and was very surprised at hoe filmsy it was . A good 6 mil vapor barrier used in home construction is thicker than this . They should mentioned the thickness of it . It was stiff and probably will provide some desk protection . I bought it for my son and I was embarrassed when we took it out of the package.cheap is cheap
 For five bucks , I really was n't expecting miracles , but this is ridiculous . I 've got cellophane Christmas wrap that 's thicker than this sheet . It also refused to even TRY to adhere to the desktop - I put it on and the breeze from my forced-air heating duct next to the desk blew it off . I 'd send it back , but what 's the point ?
 Within two days of activating this product , the outgoing message began to fail and then I was not able to retrieve messages . I have since disabled the answering machine portion of the product - which was the main reason I bought it in the first place!How do you return merchandise on Amazon ?
 I bought this phone without reading any reviews . Big mistake . The phone does not hold any charge for any logical duration . The battery dies before you get the chance to put it back on the charger . Also , the handsets -LRB- I have 3 -RRB- do not share the phonebook numbers . You have to enter each and every number again for all the handsets . In adition , the voicemail light is always on and the phone display says I have voicemail while I do n't . You erase the message and it comes back after you get a missed call . The phone looks nice and sleek but is not worth it !!
 I wish I had returned this phone . The things that annoy me APART from the phone book are
 I had this phone for 3 weeks , yes it has good sound quality and very easy to read LED . Problem # 1 was I had phone in bedroom and with the answer on and set to lowest volume -LRB- off -RRB- phone ringer off there was still a click to be heard . Only a problem for those that work late and would like some peace while they sleep.Problem # 2 and the biggest was that my phone would take 20-24 hours to charge and would only last 12 hours before it needed charging again ! I did email support and they said it was in need of replacement.Problem # 3 is after having for 3 weeks this small phone seemed fragile to me . How many of us have dropped a phone ? This phone would not survive many drops , believe me.I replaced it with another brand . Panasonic TG1032S , so far I pleased with it and review as I have had it less than 1 week.After researching cordless phones I have found that there is NO perfect phone . If Vtech would have charged properly I would maybe have kept it .
 I was bowled over by the elegant looks of the V-Tech phone . I eagerly set it up and began using the phone . The sound was reasonably good , but I quickly ran into my first problem . I wanted to enter phone numbers in the directory . What a disaster ! -- I could not edit either the number or the name during entry ! What an amazing oversight ! -- After laboring to enter a dozen numbers into the phone , I looked for the button to transfer them into the other handsets . Nope ! YOU HAVE TO ENTER THEM IN ALL OVER AGAIN!I have always preferred V-Tech phones but this one finally broke me of the habit . I ca n't believe how they could screw up such a design .
 Cuts off randomly and reboots . Battery after 3 months last for about 20mins . Do n't bother .
 I bought the set from Costco around 18 months ago and they have all died . Phone will show full charge and a few seconds after being picked up will drop connection and show a dead battery . This happened with two of the handsets and I thought the third was ok , it has hardly ever been used , but now it 's showing the issue as well . Even though the handset has never been used , ok maybe two hours in 18mo , it also has the problem ! Did Vtech build in a kill timer ?? I 'm never buying from them again .
 This phone worked fine for about a month . After that , the batteries in EVERY handset -LRB- we had 4 -RRB- would last for about 1/2 a day if they were n't on the cradle . That 's standby , not talk . You could have about one conversation before they 'd start beeping at you.I noticed last week that they 're using these phones on the TV show `` 24 '' . I can only imagine that they had to give them all away as props , since they certainly look cool and work wonderfully has TV phones that you do n't actually talk on .
 I liked my original VTech cordless phones for about two days . Then I discovered that they had not been signaling with a ring when I had incoming calls . Manufacturer did `` Troubleshoot '' and deemed the phones defective . I returned the phones and , unfortunately , requested a new set of the same product . The replacement VTech phones stopped signaling incoming calls after about ten minutes . I returned those and requested a refund . What a waste of my time ! I purchased a Panasonic phone system locally and it is great .
 We were initially very pleased with these phones , they worked quite well the first few months -LRB- or so we thought -RRB- , although we did notice a shorter battery life than our previous cordless phones -LRB- although not as extreme as others have reported -RRB- . They would hold a charge for few days with moderate use.However , within the last few months we 've found that the sound quality has gone to crap -LRB- or maybe always was -RRB- . The phones cut in-and-out , but only the out-going sound . So we , the users , do n't notice it . We often talk to others who are on their cell phones and I think they just assumed since they had called our home number that it was their cellular service . One of the handsets is worse than the other , and it occurs even with a full charge on the battery , so it 's not due to that.I printed off and followed about a 20 item trouble-shooting list from Vtech 's website , but all it did was prove these phones are crap . Do n't buy them .
 I bought several of these phones so I could outfit my whole house with interchangeable portable phones . Not a single one of them has lasted , and I 'm now faced with the choice of replacing all of their batteries , or the phones themselves . To make matters worse , dialing is very slow on these phones . Will probably be the last Vtech I buy for a while.PROS : - It looks coolCONS : - Zero battery life , unusable after a few months-Slow dialing !
 This is a nicely packaged , good looking phone , but totally unusable . After setting it up , I called the number from my cell phone . It rang three times , the answering machine picked up , and that is the last time it worked correctly . Thinking it was the one unit , I returned it to Amazon for a replacement . Same problem with the replacement . Bad engineering I guess .
 I liked the design , but it is very badly made phone . I owned it for approx . 6 months , and the batteries on the handsets died completely . -LRB- When receiving incoming calls , the handsets shut itself off after 3 rings or so . -RRB- Also , CallerID and your phonebook does not link -LRB- sync -RRB- , so in most cases , you will just see bunch of numbers , even if the phone knows / recognizes that it is a phone call from your friends or relatives . I think I am fairly generous when evaluating the elecric appliances , but this one is certainly not my favorite .
 As I sit here I have the battery out of my phone wondering about the best course of action . On the one hand , batteries DO wear out . This phone is sleek and cool in every way . On the other hand the sleekness means it has a tiny little battery - one that lasted slightly over 6 months.I came to Amazon to see if they sold batteries cheaper than the $ 25 + S&H ; that VTECH sells them for . BOTH phones are virtually dead . Both batteries dying within a week of one another . I can squeak maybe 5 min of phone conversation out of each one . Going to speakerphone kills the unit immediately . But for $ 50 plus shipping I 'm tempted to just buy a more reliable phone . I really hate to trash these things so soon though . Problem is , 6 months from now it 'll be another $ 50 ... and another ... and another.This is quite a shock to us as we have owned several VTECH phones . The previous pair of VTECH phones we had survived our then-toddler who liked to see how far he could throw them . We had two different colored phones of the same model . Ironically my wife dropped them both , shattering them . When I cobbled together the best pieces out of each -LRB- to make a really interesting looking phone -RRB- it worked ! Alas it did not survive the dunking in the tub , but there is no shame in that.But this model is pathetic . Mind you , it looks cool and does everything I wanted it to do . We have a media room that is usually kept dark so we can watch TV etc etc and this baby is easy to read and use in the dark . But the wimpy battery is a pretty bad stumbling block . I 'll see if another manufacturer sells a better one . Lacking that , I 'm pitching this setup.A few days later : I found a cheap pair of replacement batteries . For a pair of them shipped to my front door it was only $ 12.50 . If that fixes the problem , spending $ 12.50 a year on batteries for two otherwise great phones is not terrible . I would have expected more use out them before they died , but so be it for the cool factor.So the new batteries fixed the problems and the phones are working great again . Very clear signal . Lots of bells and whistles . Do NOT buy replacement batteries from VTec - they are very overpriced . For 12.50 a year I have great phones . I can live with that.A little over one year later.Last August the batteries started dying . Today they are dead.That 's two handsets - both batteries dying within weeks of one another - twice!Poor design . Not sure I 'll bother replacing them again.Cool is only worth so much .
 They may look pretty but they are horrible phones . The battery life is ridiculous . If it is left off of the hook overnight it is dead . The phone books are not shared but I could get past that if the phone ever worked ! Because the battery is constantly dead its worthless . Do n't waste your money .
 Upon delivery one of my headsets discharges batteries whether on or off the charger -LRB- either charger -RRB- I tested both batteries in both and both on both charges . I even tested after a battery was fully charged for 15 hours popped it in the other phone and didnt stick it into a charger . It just goes dead by itself in 30 minutes . I called Vtech last week cause at the time i thought i had a bad battery they sent me out a new one . I tested that for good measure and its not that . So this week I will call to replace the headset.Other thoughts ... the phone works as intended . The phone book not duplicating over didnt detract from me makig the purchase , but after the fact your phone book fills up so big I can see why duplicating it is a lot of work . I did notice this phone sounds quieter -LRB- even when u turn up playback ear volume -RRB- then other phones I have used in past.This phone is basically all about DECT 6 and sexy looks -LRB- got a lot of visitor compliments this week -RRB- ... . its quality is iffy and its flexibility is iffy . As long as you know what you are getting into its cool .
 VTech 6042 DECT 6.0 Two-Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller IDBoth my brothers have VTech 5.8 phone -LRB- s -RRB- and are extremely happy with them.I purchased the 6.0 DECT believing that it would be a generation newer and have more of the more . Sorry to say that it did not have the `` chain '' dialing that would be necessary to use my AT&T ; prepaid phone card I believe that this would be very necessary for me.After speaking to VTech `` tecs '' in several outsourced countries , I found that chain dialing , the procedure needed to use the 26 numbers on the card could not be used , even if split into two separate directories.If you have a system other than prepaid calling cards , this is an excellent phone . The clarity is bar none . The appearance is handsome and the instructions are almost made for the non-engineer . Sorry but I did n't get what I needed and found another brand -LRB- GE 6.0 DECT -RRB- answered all my needs at the same price and easier manual .
 Did n't read any reviews first , just bought it and was really excited to set it up when I got it home ... looked great , nice slim & sleek design , pretty blue lighted keypad , etc. . Charged both handsets for OVER 16 HOURS -LRB- as per the manual instructions -RRB- . Well , after one 5-minute call and 4 hours of being off the charger , LOW BATTERY indicator was showing in the display window . Took the 2nd handset off its charger and timed it ... 5 hours , and then LOW BATTERY . Completely discharged and recharged both batteries , and let them CHARGE A FULL 24 HRS . Now , NEITHER HANDSET WILL HOLD A CHARGE OVER 5 HRS ON STANDBY , let alone talking !!! This is what a cordless phone is SUPPOSED TO DO , hold a charge so that you can walk about with it ... it 's CORDLESS for crying out loud !!!!! THE BATTERY LIFE IS BEYOND PITIFUL !!!!!! I decided to peek at some reviews and saw that a lot of people are experiencing this with the various versions of this phone -LRB- with varying numbers of handsets and with/without the answering machine -RRB- , even after returning/exchanging it several times thinking that they just got a bad set . Others even tried buying a new battery -LRB- FOR A NEW PHONE ? -RRB- , and after working a short time , the battery started to go dead again . This leads me to believe that the base units are somehow `` frying '' the batteries . Another thing that sucks is that there 's NO BATTERY POWER INDICATOR ON THE HANDSETS , except for when they are on the chargers ... it shows a cycling battery icon when charging , but this disappears when you pick it up , so you cant check the power while on the phone or see how much -LRB- or little -RRB- battery life you have remaining -LRB- this is probably intentional , so that you ca n't see that it 's about to die -RRB- . We noted that the cycling battery icon tends to cycle past when the phone is fully '' charged '' ... it will be cycling and cycling and if you pick it up and put it back down again , it shows a full battery icon . Pick it up again and put it down , and it 's cycling , cycling , cycling . Seems like the bases ca n't tell if or when the handsets are fully charged.Oh , and it does not have a shared phonebook ... you have to add all entries to BOTH handsets . And you ca n't expand beyond what you buy initially ... if you buy the 2 handset version , you ca n't add a third handset . Pretty LAME.I would give this thing NO STARS if that was an available choice . SAVE ALL YOUR PACKAGING AND THE RECEIPT IF YOU BUY THIS , BECAUSE YOU WILL ALMOST CERTAINLY HAVE TO TAKE IT BACK !!!!
 The phone worked great ... for the first year . The batteries have completely died in all of our handsets , despite very normal usage for only about 14 months now . If I bring the handset to the couch so I will have it if someone calls , it dies as soon as someone does call - before the ID even pops up on the caller ID .
 Phone looks flashy and all , but Battery Life is EXTREMELY Bad , I cant even leave it off the hook for 1 day with little or even No calls made on it . Aside from that , nothing overly great about features either . There 's better phones out there for the same price that can handle more than a day 's use .
 This phone system was functional for the first 12.5 months after we bought it . It seemed to me like it was just waiting for the warranty to run out before the base died , though ! About two weeks after the warranty ended -LRB- i.e. one year after we purchased it -RRB- , the base station became completely non-responsive . I tried their website 's troubleshooting steps -LRB- unplug it , remove batteries , wait five minutes , then put it all back together -RRB- to no avail.There is NO outside-warranty support whatsoever , so we 're without a home phone until we buy another one.Since this is the second vtech cordless phone we 've had where this has happened to us , we will not be buying anything else from this company !
 The phones did not work when I received them . To avoid time and return postage I went to a local store to purchase another set . Of the new set one of the batteries did not work . After switching out the batteries I finally got the phones to work . The phones are stylish and look good . The only issue I have is the choice of ring tones and volume . Three of the tones sound exactly the same and all the tones leaves a lot to be desired . The volume level only goes to five and with the tones that sounds the best you can barely hear the ringing . The rep that came to hook up my service told me that one of the homes he went to the day before had the same phones and they did not work ...
 I purchased this phone to replace my panasonic . I was used to walking from room to room and talking on my old `` cordless '' This just as well have a cord attached . More than 2 feet from the home base and I would get a `` connecting '' message and the person I was talking to would get cut off . I liked the sleek design , but apparently it needs and antennae .
 Only one of the 2 phones work . The other phone keeps getting disconnected during conversations .
 The clarity is good , phone is lightweight and comfortable to hold , but the battery life leaves a lot to be desired . We returned the first one because it was only holding a charge for 3-4 hours . Our replacement only holds the charge for about 8 hours , less if it gets used . Not very good for the nights we forget to charge it overnight . If the battery life was longer this would be a great phone . One other complaint is that there is no speaker phone on the base unit , which is helpful when your 4 year old hides the handset again and you have an important call coming in .
 I bought this phone without doing any research because of my previous experiences with VTech products . I used to have two older VTech 900 MHz phones that I loved , so when my wife insisted that we re-establish our land-line , I went straight back to VTech . Unfortunately , that was a mistake , as battery performance has rendered this phone almost useless just a year after we bought it . I followed the factory recommendations when setting up the phone , installing each battery and then charging each handset for about a day before use . At their peak , these batteries would only allow the handsets to be away from the cradle for about four hours , and that was assuming that you did n't use the phone at all . Actually talking on the phone reduced that time severely , and using the speaker phone cut the life down to about fifteen minutes . A year later , those times are reduced even further . Leaving a handset off the cradle for even a few minutes all but guarantees that the battery will die the next time it rings.I 've considered buying new batteries so that I can give this phone another shot , but at $ 25 each , I might as well just buy a new phone -LRB- after doing more research this time ! -RRB- . Besides , there 's no guarantee that the new ones will perform any better than my old ones ever did .
 The phone goes dead very quickly and needs a new battery after just a short time of owning it . Not worth a single penny that you pay for it !
 Everything about this phone and answering system works fine except for one glaring , painful , fatal flaw
 I bought this phone falling for its cool design.But this phone is not functional . The battery life is awful . It just fails without adequate warning.Also the phone menu design is also not good compared to panasonic phones . I think the Engineers who designed this phone need to do better.I can forgive the menu design . But I can not forgive the battery life issues . This makes this phone a failure.I have a much older panasonic which gives me much better battery life.I have decided to stick only with panasonics in the future and will not recommend vtech phones to anyone .
 I 'll say , first off , that the basic phone system has been fine for my needs . I 'm not a power user and have not used any additional functions . I think the phones are sleek and stylish , and they work fine . I bought the basic base station and single extra handset to see how I liked it , and I liked it well enough I wanted to upgrade to more handsets . The product description right here at amazon says
 Oh , I wish I had read these reviews before I paid $ 90 for this !! Within 6 months the handsets started losing charge . I thought for a while it was that I was n't letting it charge long enough but even after charging them for a whole day I get maybe 2 calls out of it and it dies EVEN when the battery indicator says it has charge . Grrrr . . So frustrating ! And my service contract -LRB- not thru Amazon -RRB- wo n't cover it saying it 's the batteries . Do n't buy this phone . Not worth the aggravation !
 I bought this good-looking phone late December , i just plugged it a few weeks ago , I 'm no very concerned about the battery issue it may have , I 'm not home that much often -LRB- during the day ! -RRB- , but when i get home it happens , that this phone , does not rings at all . . i have to turn it on either by the speaker or by pressing the green key.I do n't know if its some kind of manufacturing issue or what but it just does not ring !! i went to their site and what they suggested was raising up the volume ! - . - wtf it is all the way up , it rings once everytime i do the things with the keys and i does n't ring anymore until i do it again !! sooo ??? if anyone has a problem similar or so please , let me know!Thanks , cp
 Do n't do it ! The phone seems like it would be great , features are nice , think handset , HOWEVER , it does not hold a charge . From the very beginning this phone only provided about 1/2 hour talk time before I had to put it on the charger . Even when I was n't talking on it but it was left off the charger for minimal time it would die , both handsets gave the same problem . Also , it does n't have speaker on the base of the phone so when I would lose a call I could n't even save it by talking on the base speaker .
 VTech 6042 is a VERY Bad phone . The Dect technology seems to be over the head of VTech in it 's first Dect phones . The phone will stop signaling incoming calls after 1 hour . The return process with Amazon is very good though . The first phone failed after a day , I called VTech -LRB- VTech HQ only 20 mi . from my house , Big plus I thought then ! -RRB- Not much help there , so I returned phone to Amazon for an instant replacement . Replacement phone had the same problem . I called VTech support again & finally found out that `` Version 1 's '' had a LOT of these problems & Amazon does not have Version 2 . -LRB- and VTech NOT pulling Vers . 1 off the market , WHY NOT ? -RRB- I was then told to ship phone to the Texas service/support center for replacement -LRB- at MY expense -RRB- with a Version 2 model which would take 4 to 6 weeks , No Thanks , I returned it to Amazon for a full refund . Onward to different Brand/Manufacturer . Oh Well !
 Had to send the vtech back because the phones would not hold a charge they sent a replacement but these phones will not tell you when there is another phone in house is on line , they are replaceing it have not rec 'd it yet .
 I bought the version without the answering machines , but I thought it might pertain so the review for that phone follows . Take it or leave it . ===== I was so happy to find this phone here so I could review it ! In a nutshell : DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE . As it happens I am actually on Amazon at this moment looking for a replacement for this piece of junk.Huge battery issue like so many others are clearly having . Phone is dead in ~ 4 hours . May as well have cords on them . I wo n't even bother talking about the phone itself because that is a tremendous deal-breaker and should have been a show-stopper long before the phones were released to manufacturing . I 'm actually pretty angry that these phones even shipped with these batteries.I hope someone at VTech is reading this because , though you have succeeded in stealing my money this time , I will stay away from your products from now on and happily tell others about my experience . Thanks for the soapbox , Amazon ! / rant
 If I could have given this product NO stars , I would have.I bought this phone 5/22/07 , it worked well for the most part . I was pretty bummed to see that it 's not wall mountable so it took up some of my precious counter space . Every so often I hear crackling when I 'm speaking to someone . Annoying as those issues were , I dealt with them as they were my only problems until today -LRB- 9/14/07 -RRB- . Today when someone called , the answering machine picked up . Only instead of my cheerful outgoing message , I hear this horribly loud , non stop tone . Thinking it was a fluke , I had my spouse call . . same thing . I figured perhaps we accidentally erased the OGM and tried to do another . I found that I could n't get any function to work on the base at all ! I could n't redo the OGM , I could n't play the one saved incoming message . I could n't do anything.Of course the company has a 1yr warranty but I do n't have the original packaging . I tossed it after a month . So I ca n't even send it in to have it checked.I bought this phone to replace my Uniden EXS 9800 -LRB- that I had for over 10 years and wanted something less bulky -RRB- . Here I am just shy of FOUR months of the vtech purchase and it 's already broken ! I think I 'll stick with Uniden .
 The phone is great however , beware of buying used products . I love Vtech phones , but brand new not used . One handset does not work at all . Both phones have scratches and the voicemail does not work . Extremely annoyed !
 VTech 6042 DECT 6.0 Two-Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller IDI will never order this item again . The phone lasted just over a year before it started going out in the middle of a conversation . Completely unreliable.There are an absurd number of steps to enter phone numbers -- you should n't have to go through but a couple of steps and it should be easy to flip through the list of calls received in order to do so.I had used this phone for a month while visiting my brother and ordered it because I was so impressed.I will not recommend it . And at that price I could buy two sets of the Panasonic that I bought as a replacement
 While this phone is aesthetically pleasing and it has a speakerphone worthy of the title ` best ever from a cordless handset ' if lacks in two crucial areas
 I loved everything about the phone but if you leave it off the hook overnight its dead -- battery life is the worst i 've seen . I ended up returning the phone even though I like everything else about it .
 I bought this phone as a replacement for a much older VTech phone . I did not read the reviews first , I saw it in the store and was captured by it 's cool look ... what a mistake . I brought this phone home plugged it in to charge overnight -LRB- actually over 24 hours -RRB- and then hooked it up to the phone jack . The first few days I noticed that it seemed to go dead very quickly but thought that maybe the kids had left it off the hook overnight ... that was not the problem , fully charged the phone has less than 12 hours of standby time and < 1 hour of talk time . I emailed VTech and got this lengthy response about how I needed to completely discharge the batteries , unplug the battery , plug it back in charge it for 16 hours and if that did n't work then replace the batteries . REPLACE THE BATTERIES IN A PHONE LESS THAN 2 MONTHS OLD !!!! They must have been kidding , so I called them , the asked me to return the phones with a copy of the receipt for repair . Guess what ?? I would still have had to go buy a new phone as these are the only phones we have in the house . So I trashed them -LRB- call it an expensive mistake -RRB- and replaced it with a Panasonic which works great !!!
 This is truly one of the worst electronic devices I ever purchased ! I had a VTech phone for the last 4-5 years and another one before and they were ok . Not the best phones , but pretty good . So I decided to upgrade to 6042 - great design and perfect features on a paper -LRB- I can live without shared phone -RRB- ... So the first one I get works fine and very clear and this and that , BUT both sets go dead after 2-3 hours no being charged on a charger . They are rated for 100 hours or so , but all they last 2-3 hours tops . So I exchange for another set as I am thinking maybe I got bad batteries and now both handsets still go dead after 2-3 hours . -LRB- I did initial 16 hours charge for all handsets -RRB- ... But on top of that after a day or two I realize I am not getting any phone calls . I checked hand sets and the base unit and made sure that everything is set to ring and on the highest volume and still nothing . Called my number from my cell phone and VTech screens light up , but not rings . Trust me this phones are total garbage !!! I exchange for Panasonic and first they do ring ! Second there is a shared phone book ! And third and most important after 7 hours of initial change they have n't been back to charged for 3 days and all hand sets still show full charge ! Do yourself a favor and skip Vtech and get a Panasonic or something similar !
 I bought this phone because VTech had a good phone reputation and it looked pretty cool , like the original Moto Razr.This phone battery will die and you can read all the reviews about how if you can get to customer support they 'll explain how to reset the phone so it will provide a full charge but nothing deals with the fact that the battery and/or charging system is so completely inadequate that we should all be getting our money back.I was really STUPID not to return this ASAP , I just thought I had to stop leaving it out of the cradle . I was wrong , you ca n't even leave the phone off the charger overnight once!Eventually , one of the phone 's simply would reset/die if you turned on the speakerphone.DO NOT BUY ANY VTECH DECT 6.0 PHONE MODEL that looks like this .
 Let me first say that I initially LOVED this phone , however - do n't buy this phone ! We 've had it for less than a year and the charge that it will hold gets less and less every day . We 're down to less than five minutes when not cradled . I 'm currently replacing this phone !
 Will never buy another product from this company again . Have owned for 5 months and just threw in trash today .
 first off i think any great reviews of this phone are phony . the reception fades in and out constantly even if your right next to the base.the battery life is abysmal . the only good thing about this phone is the sleek design . the phone quite frankly is garbage .
 I was so excited when I got this phone . It looked sleek and sophisticated . But there was a HUGE problem ... it 's not wall mountable . This is the first phone I have ever bought that ca n't be mounted to the wall ! What were they thinking ????? I do n't like the phone on the counter , it just looks messy . I had to send it back . I 'm very disappointed , but I got the Panasonic 6.0 instead , at least their engineers are thinking .
 I am using five of this product -LRB- 385-49B -RRB- . The pages slip through the rings . The two halves of each ring do not fit positively together and do not stay together well . I used them according to instructions -- open only by depressing the metal snap tab -- but they still do n't work well . I ca n't understand how it could be hard to make a decent 3-ring binder -- and this is the `` Heavy Duty '' model . Highly disappointed after more than one year of light use .
 The pad itself is good for ball point pen or pencil , but I bought it b/c I like writing with my fountain pen.What a huge disappointment when I tried it with my fountain pens and it bled through.I have another Mead Cambridge pad , and it is outstanding ; absolutely NO bleed through , but this pad , for whatever reason , is not of that same quality.If you are getting it for your fountain pen , stay away from this pad.For ball point pens and pencils , it is fine .
 I understand that these thing degrade over time with use . However , I used this thing maybe a handful of times -LRB- two battery changes -RRB- and the thing died completely . I thought it would last a lot longer than this .
 Lasted 5-minutes and died . Changed batteries 3 times to be sure it was n't a power problem.Too great a hastle with Amazon to attempt an exchange so will just toss it in garbage can.Isn ' t anything made in the USA anymore?I suppose this review will not make Amazon 's guidelines .
 this paper STINKS ! it is expensive ; is not only not waterproof , it fades the colors and runs in the rain ! do n't waste your money like I did ! if I could give this a zero star review I would but ca n't figure out how to submit this without giving at least 1 star -LRB- which it certainly does not merit ! -RRB-
 It is better than a regular sheet of paper , but by no means is the image weatherproof . The color image printed on it is not very bold in color compared to regular prints , and as soon as it got moist or wet the color washed away like watercolor leaving only a faint image -LRB- maybe functional for maps , but not for photos -RRB- . The paper is like plastic , so it does not deteriorate in the rain , but forget about using it for anything besides like a black and white map that you dont need to look good .
 Despite having 5.8 GHZ and digital spread spectrum technology , the sound quality is poor , much worse than a Radio Shack product I purchased about three years ago but is no longer made . The handset is not comfortable to hold against the ear . Unfortunately every year there seems to be fewer and fewer 2-line cordless phone options offered . I choose this brand due to price . it was lower than V-Tech or Panasonic units . Maybe the others are better . Another complaint is that the headset buttons are very small and hard to read . There are a lot of features on this phone system but a real problem is that it becomes cumbersome to do things that should be simple , like having someone pick up the other handset and immediately be able to join in conversation . The instructions are clear and easy to follow if you have the patience to read them .
 I bought this phone hoping for a reasonably priced SIP phone to use with my Asterisk box at home . I was unimpressed with this item . First , the screen is NOT backlit like the Cisco/Linksys manual states . I 'm using it in a fairly dark area and really need the backlit display . However , the biggest problem was that I experienced one-way audio with all incoming calls . I 've set up quite a few SIP phones and am quite familiar with the `` one-way audio problem '' as it relates to NAT -LRB- network address translation -RRB- . However , all of my test calls were on a local network . No NAT was involved . I have several SIP hard phones and soft phones installed with no one-way audio problems at all . I gave it two stars because it feels like a solid phone and reminds me a lot of the higher-end Cisco phone I have on my desk at work . The phone has been returned and I 'll pick out a different brand .
 I was a bit disappointed at the way the product was made . The reception is good . The phone fits well on the base and the base is wall mountable .
 this phone is not to good it does not work at my house maybe becauce I have a differant kind of cordless phone but it did not even work at my friends house you get what you pay for . MY BUST !!
 I 've only had this phone for 6 months and I 'm already shopping for a different one . After fully charging both handsets last for MAYBE 5 minutes before I start getting the beeps and `` low battery '' indicators . The sound quality is hideous , constantly fades in and out - even if you are standing next to the base !! The answering machine playback - even at top volume - is barely audible . All the programming features -LRB- memory , answering , etc. -RRB- are very NON-user friendly.I have dsl , which may be part of the sound quality issues , though all my lines have dsl filters on them.I 'll never buy another Northwestern Bell product again .
 I could not pair up the extra phone with the base phone . The troubleshooting guide did not cover the error message I was getting . I never got it to work.Support for this product is unavailable . I called twice leaving a call back number as requested and never got a call back . I also requested online twice . The product has been returned to get my money back .
 I am 5 ' 6 '' and this chair is simply too tall . It does not lower as far as my previous chair . After just a few minutes , my neck and shoulder are in significant pain . I have to figure out how to raise not only my monitor but also the keyboard . I am opting for the cost and hassle of trying to adjust the other parts of my set up over the hassle and expense of trying to return the chair after putting it together.My desk is standard size but the keyboard tray is not adjustable . The arms of the chair wo n't go under the tray and even stacked on books the keyboard just is n't right . So after investing in an adjustable keyboard tray , removing the wooden one that comes with the desk and installing a new one , I hope to get a set up that works for me . Not happy .
 Every piece must be assembled , very time consuming . Drawers not very deep and unit is top heavy.I would not recommend buying it .
 I SPENT TWO WEEKS THINKING ABOUT PUTTING THIS TOGETHER . IT TOOK ME ALL OF ONE DAY . BY THE END OF THE DAY , I WAS CONVINCED IT SIMPLY COULD N'T BE DONE BY THIS HUMAN BEING . IT PERPETUALLY FELL APART AT EACH STAGE OF INSTALLATION . CAM SHAFTS AND LOCKS GAVE WAY , THOUGH IN OTHER MODULAR FURNITURE I HAVE ASSEMBLED , THEY WORKED GREAT . I WOULD N'T ACCEPT THIS FILE CABINET AS A GIFT , LET ALONE EVER RECOMMEND ANYONE ACTUALLY PURCHASE IT . THE WOOD CRACKED IN SEVERAL PLACES , THE FRAME WENT TOGETHER CROOKED AND THE OVERALL PIECE IS SO HEAVY AND CUMBERSOME THAT IT IS NOT SOMETHING MOST PEOPLE WOULD EVER WANT TO TAKE ON .
 I SEARCHED THE INTERNET FOR JUST THE RIGHT FILE CABINET . This Oxford File Cabinet description led me to order the cabinet.What a disapointment .1 . -RRB- The screw holes are misaligned2 . -RRB- The peg holes were mis aligned3 . -RRB- The instructions were unclear how to mount the drawer rails .4 . -RRB- The drawere rails are poor quality and we had problems getting the draweres inserted an working properlyIf this file cabinet had assembled well I was going to purchase a second cabinet . My plans have changed !
 Had to return the product twice because it becamedamaged during shipment . Paper did not have anybubble wrap or packing materials inside the box .
 I bought this device to support demonstrations a little over a year ago . I had great difficulty connecting to a WIFI network . Once I did , I could n't get the phone to associate with my SIP proxy . Thought that it was something I was doing wrong , so I waited to write this review.Well , since then I 've set up dozens of other SIP devices and after seeing and reading about all of their document quirks , I decided to make another go at it . Still does not work.You are better off buying the latest device instead of making this one work .
 I had come across this Mac version of the NEATO software after talking to a friend who recommended the PC version . Disclabel has some good ideas here , but the software needs to be far more user friendly than it is . Do n't be looking for much in the way of help files to help you through your initial exposure to the software either , the help files -LRB- for several versions - the latest as of 5/2/05 is 2.3.1 -RRB- are not included on the install CD . You must log on to their website to view their help - meager as it is . You are , in essence , flying blind in a snow storm here.Importing your own graphics is cumbersome . You can not drag and drop your artwork on to a blank template ; the software is designed , literally , to import directly from other software libraries - such as iPhoto or iTunes . Once there , the cryptic alignment tools are n't of much help without documentation they so desperately need.There 's no print preview either . Although it is relatively simple to use the pop-up menu to select your printer and the corresponding paper , you 'll have no idea what you 'll get until you print it out . Using my Epson R200 , I created two of my own CDR labels , but my prints looked nothing like what I could view on screen -LRB- from Photoshop -RRB- ; they were much darker , turning royal into navy blue , for example , and casting a reddish haze onto gray and black . Printing these same images directly from the Adobe software gave me results far closer to the original colors , so there must be something going on inside disclabel.There is n't much out there to compete against this product , and I 'm convinced I will be able to get this to work after much travail . I am thinking though that MacKiev 's Print Shop for Macintosh might have been a wiser choice even though it costs about double what this one does.One last thing
 Let me start by saying that I have a two year degree in computer graphics , so it 's not like I do n't know what I 'm doing . I have had Dislabel Neato for longer than I can remember -LRB- probably since before 2001 -RRB- it was a gift . When I first got it , it was fun and easy without even reading the directions . It did everything I wanted . I had to upgrade at an additional cost when my first MacBook broke down . Since then it has gotten worse with every update . I have had nothing but trouble and every task is a struggle . Simply trying to keep the text from twisting nearly drove me crazy . Every thing just became to much of an effort , so much so that I have stopped using it . That is I stopped using it until today when I thought I 'd give it another chance . Today it would n't even import my iTune tracks . I hate it ! Why ca n't people leave a good thing alone ? I tried to send Disclabel an Email but that did n't seem to work either . So , good-bye forever Disclabel Neato .
 There are , at this time , exactly two 5.8 GHz 2-line expandable phone systems -- this Panasonic and the Uniden TRU8866 -- and I found it frustrating to research them because they 're new and there 's not much information out there . So my two cents , should it be helpful ... I bought this Panasonic 6500B and three handsets , played with them for a week , and called today for an RMA number to return them . I 'm now evaluating the Uniden system , which I think I 'll end up keeping . -LRB- For reference , I 'm migrating from a Siemens gigaset 2420 , 2-line 2.4 GHz system , amazon item B00004R7R1 . It 's noted for a few quirks , but it 's been solid for 6 years and I 'd easily favor it over the Panasonic . -RRB- Pros : -- you only have two options at present , so this phone does deliver 2-line 5.8 GHz functionality -- blinking antenna for ringing/message was a nice touch -- all of the basic stuff you 'd expect ... intercom , speakerphone , Caller ID , etc.Cons : -- poor sound quality , even compared to my 2.4 GHz system -- there was a constant hiss even when standing near the base , and it was n't line noise . -LRB- There is a voice boost/voice enhancer function , though even the manual notes that it might amplify any existing line noise you may already have . -RRB- -- one ` feature ' that tilted me toward the panasonic was a ` shared ' phone directory among the handsets and base . It actually works like the Siemens - you have to manually copy phonebook entries from one handset to another , so keeping them all in sync is a pain . -- The handsets did n't behave like extensions of the same line ; when you answer a call on one handset , all of the others display ` missed call ' , which you must then clear from EACH handset . So I always seemed to pick up a handset with a few missed calls , which were actually answered on a different handset . -- Lack of an aux port so the phone can catch the distinctive ring and shuttle a call to the fax -LRB- btw , the Uniden does n't have this either -RRB- -- Misc . minor annoyances
 Low volume ... people can not hear me at the other end . I therefore have to return it.I liked my Siemens 8825 much much better.Other complaints :1 . No central office voice mail indicator2 . All handsets display the same missed call messages ; so the same missed call has to be handled 4 times . A very stupiddesign .3 . Large heavy handset4 . This is not a phone system . It is a collection of phones .
 After purchasing this system with a total of four cordless handsets , I thought I had finally solved the problem of getting phones in all the bedrooms of my big old house . Unfortunately , I constantly get complaints from the people I am calling . `` I ca n't hear you very well '' `` We must have a bad connection '' and so on . I do n't have time and ca n't afford to replace the whole system , so we are just putting up with it . NOT RECOMMENDED
 I have had this phone for several months now . People I talk to say they can hardly hear me . When I plug in a headset , they can hear me a little better . When I use the speakerphone on the handset , the people I talk to can hear my voice louder than without it . It is a nice phone with good features , but yelling into the phone is starting to get old . I have two handsets and both have poor audio . I can hear people fine . A call to Panasonic was little help . Not many 5.8 2 line phones out there , but I would n't waste time on this one .
 I purchased this phone , specifically for the mailbox functionality claimed by Panasonic -LRB- `` Up to 3 mailboxes '' -RRB- . Unlike their other products , this product DOES NOT support mailboxes . Only after several conversations with their technical support did I `` help '' them come to the conclusion that their web site and product specs are incorrect .
 I agree this is an excellent calculator -LRB- along with its pared down sister the 300w -RRB- but there are some disheartening bugs here ... First , like my textbook , it does n't allow right distribution as follows
 Entering the EQN Mode and pressing the `` right arrow '' key , does not display the quadratic and cubic equation screen and as a result I can not solve these types of equations , which I need frequently.Other than this it looks yet ok to me.Thanks.Zaman .
 The calculator is good though , but any other Casio can better than this in a much lower price . I just ca n't believe there are still calculators without natural display on sale ... The Math display sucks . .
 The list price is wrong . The MSRP from the Casio site directly is $ 14.99 . At that price . I 'm sure its a great calculator , but if Amazon is trying to sell at 20 $ + I would go for the $ 19 FX-115ES instead . Better value for money .
 I got the casio for my 14th birthday and right from a beginning and proved to be a load of junk . The buttons are easy to push and you got this nice big color screen and it was n't to complicated to use , which were my first thoughts . Then as time went on I found out other than the basic algebra 1 -LRB- which all graphing calculators should be superb at -RRB- this calculator is horrible . Graphing simple quadratic equations was a chore cause the controls are sluggish , and other system 's ease of use was horrible too like the systems for parablas are completely to complicated for a busy freshman . And the worst thing about this Calculator is that since this is n't standard issue for most public schools -LRB- thats the ti-83 -RRB- , a kid using this calculator would be lost when the teacher gives out uniform instructions for the t-83 . Oh and getting back to my undurable present , it broke after 6 months due to the rough and tumble of being in my bookbag -LRB- like 99.9 % of calculators experience in bookbags -RRB- so right now I got ta get a new one , this time its the t-83 plus . P.S. for kids , this calculator ca n't play games since its memory is so limited .
 I found that this item was not the one I needed , but I had to use it cause its for my brother , hes at school . They sent a GC items its price is less than the GB calculator , at the end I was shock , cause the price i Paid for the GB is the same price the GC costs ... so I came out to the solution that I should have better bought it in the mall .
 The good : Good price , large cushion , good height adjustment , `` air grid '' back means it keeps you coolerThe bad : For extensive work at the keyboard I prefer chairs that can tilt slightly forward . This chair does not move forward , in fact it 's forward-most position is ever so slightly reclined . Furthermore , the lumbar support provides insufficient.As a another reviewer stated , after a while -LRB- 4 + hours -RRB- the back cramps up and you find yourself shifting around the chair . For me this means pain in the middle to upper back regions .
 Other reviewers mentioned this chair has no back support and they were right . It 's really uncomfortable after a couple hours . If the back adjusted forward , it would be a great chair - very nice looking with quality materials . Its just not comfortable for long periods of time at the computer .
 I 've been sitting on this chair for a year now and my back has never felt worse . I bought a Mckensie D lumbar roll to compensate for the lack of back support , but with the way this chair is designed , no back support will EVER stay comfortably in place as the lower part of the back is not as wide as the top and slants down at an angle . I am 5 ' 11 '' and overweight and the butt `` cushion '' portion of this sad excuse for a chair is not long enough which results in my legs going numb .
 If you 're gon na buy a graphing calc , get a TI-89 , I first bought this Casio one and it 's completely overrated by the most part of the people that has written here ... It 's not good at all.Now I 'm totally satisfied with my TI-89
 Bought this calc since they promised it would do problems in a step-by-step method . It did some particular problems this way , but they were just what Casio programmed into it . I sent it back for a refund and now I am pleased with my Texas Instruments 89 .
 Does n't work . Breaks and can not be repaired . Has to be replaced .
 This listing is corrupted . Every time I attempt to purchase it , my purchase either cycles with a message `` There is a slight problem with your order '' or my browser -LRB- IE9 and FF16 -RRB- crashes . Complaints to Customer Service since August go unresolved .
 Bought the base system and one expandable phone about a year and a half ago . The party at the opposite end has a hard time hearing you - the microphone on the phone is terrible -LRB- especially at the price you are paying for this phone -RRB- . The buttons on the hand set get stuck and are hard to press . Definitely overpaid for quality of this phone . Very dissappointed in the quality .
 I agree with the other reviewers who have been impressed by this phone 's bells and whistles - the speakerphone in each headset , for example , which are quite nifty.The problem with this phone is simply that the sound clarity is often miserable and the reception between the base unit and the handsets is often so bad that we literally can not answer calls . I have had about six different Panasonic phones over the years , and have had good experiences with them . This set , though , simply does not rate and I would recommend extensive research and a consideration of all the alternatives before buying this set .
 I tried two of these just to make sure one unit was n't defective . I must 've missed the previous poster who commented that the phone IDs only half the time . TRUE ! On both units I had . And calls to Panasonic are useless.I have other cordless systems in my house , both by Panasonic -LRB- though 2.4 Ghz -RRB- and they never miss ID ` ing a call.I ca n't see spending good money on an otherwise nice system which fails at least 25 % of the time .
 Both panasonic.com and amazon.com merely say this unit is `` wall mountable . '' They fail to say or show how . This unit will * not * wall mount flat to the wall , with the keys and display facing out . The bracket included in the packaging mounts the base unit at a right angle to the wall , with the keys and display facing up . This means the unit not only protrudes quite a distance from the wall , but for anyone with a wall jack 60 '' or above -LRB- like me -RRB- , the keys and display will be impossible to see and awkward to use . A secondary complaint is that , once the speakerphone mode is activated , you ca n't go back to a more private handset use . Both of these proved to be fatal design flaws for our home .
 I bought this phone to use for home and my home-based business . Everyone reviewed it very highly . Guess they do n't use their phones in many different ways . Well , the phone works fine with several exceptions :1 . Once you start speakerphone on a call , you can not turn the speakerphone off and go back to normal .2 . The headset feature is basically worthless and I have tried several headsets - some very expensive with volume controls , etc. . People on the other end of the line report that I sound * much * software on a headset . And I 'm amost yelling ! 3 . The caller ID is weak . If you answer on one extension , all the others report a missed call . Huh ? And it rarely knows who the callers are.More on the headset
 Over the years I 've made a policy of buying what I thought was the state-of-the-art phone for my personal use and business . From an early 900mhz 2-line Uniden -LRB- which was clunky and fabulous -RRB- to my new 2-line KBTG6502 , I 've had a lot of experience with them . I bought this phone to upgrade my 1-line Panasonic 2.4 Ghz to two lines.WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT ! This new phone I.D. 's only about half the time , while my older phone nails it on the first ring -LRB- side by side -RRB- . A nice feature of the new phone is that you can share phonebook entries , but if you answer on one extension , the other phone will say `` 1 missed call . '' Seems the system should be a little smarter ! I would never have written this review except that when I tried to contact Panasonic about the Caller I.D. not working or barely working , my e-mail was ignored . I love the lighted antenna when it rings , and it has some nice features already mentioned in reviews , but I will not be buying Panasonic phones anymore .
 The telephone I purchased did not work . It was soiled and loaded with the seller 's personal information . Neither Panasonic , nor I , could fix this phone . It was advertised as having dual handsets but DID NOT have but one -LRB- 1 -RRB- . The seller put a message on the invoice that came with the phone stating , `` I could n't find the other phone '' . Very shady , childish , underhanded seller ! I sent the phone back to him/her but have heard nothing further . My main reason for purchasing this phone was the dual handsets.With a heavy heart , I purchased some books last week from Amazon but my trust is gone.Margaret Connors
 Bought for our business that relies completely on our phone systems . Happy at first , seemed to work pretty good but was disappointed there are no belt clips . Lasted 2-3 weeks and then we noticed the answer machine was very distorted and would not shut off . We lost several messages . Ok can live with this ... things happen . Called them and they told me I would have to ship to Texas at my expense . Also told me there were no loaners I would have to live without until it was returned . 3 weeks later it arrived back . During this time we used a one line phone and am sure we missed some calls due to it being busy . Used the phone for 3 more weeks and noticed we were missing some more calls . We then realized the remote handsets were not ringing , in fact they no longer beeped when buttons were pushed . So I contacted them again and after trying to troubleshoot they asked it be sent back . I made a stink and they offered a loaner for a non refundable fee of $ 49.95 . Are you kidding , as much as this breaks they could get rich off me . Remember this is all under warrantee . Do n't say I did n't warn you
 Bought total of 4 handsets and one base . Excited to have purchased what I thought was the `` state of the art '' and a quality name brand ! BOY WAS I EVER WRONG.Two of the handsets talk button didnt work , they could hear me , but I couldnt hear them . Then when I figured out that was the issue , I tried switching to speakphone on those two - and at least I could hear the other person speaking - couldnt understand them as the voice quality was so muffled.The other two handsets both buttons worked , but again the quality was just not there . Also way too much static all of the time - and I tried to change channels - but couldnt find any instructions on how to do that -LRB- my old old cordless had changable channels -RRB- . My cheap $ 20.00 2.4 GHz V-Tech single line phone quality was far superior.I read the manual cover to cover to figure out if I was the CAUSE of the problems as I just refused to believe a company could put out such JUNK ! I followed the instructions and unpluged , took out batteries etc. ... nothing worked.There were very large warnings to CALL MFG FOR HELP BEFORE RETURNING THIS PRODUCT TO RETAILER -LRB- guess that should have been my first clue this was a bad product -RRB- . So like a good consumer , I emailed them the problems and guess what - they gave me the same song and dance right out of the book on what to do i.e. unplug phones , take out batteries , re-register , etc. ... . and then the last suggestion
 I had to return this phone . It looks very substantial , and at first I thought I had bought a high quality item . Think again.First , be on alert , if you have DSL , you will need a noise filter if you want to hear anything on this phone.Also , at least one handset displays `` missed call '' when you have actually answered the call , so you do n't know if you really do have a missed call until you go through the process of deleting the display message . Handset is unreliable - can not always get a call waiting , or switch from one handset to the other . Caller id displays only local calls . Others get a generic message or a phone number without a name or originating state . My cheap VTech did better than that , and I gave that one a negative review here as well . To be fair , I usually do n't review an item unless I have a complaint.Panasonic tech support was not very helpful . Agreed handset was DOA , but would not replace without having me send it back and wait . In my opinion , a company that is interested in customer satisfaction would have put a non-defective handset in the mail immediately.If anyone has a cordless phone that rates a few stars , please let me know !
 I currently own the Panasonic MultiTalk -LRB- model number KX-TGA270S -RRB- and for the second time in three years the base unit has failed . When I hit the talk button `` no link to base '' is displayed . This is the exact same problem the first base unit had . It will not allow re-registration of the extensions with the base unit either . This problem is not covered under warranty and Panasonic 's only advice is to buy another one . Last time this happened we were lucky enough to find an open box base unit at Circuit City , and since we already owned four $ 100.00 handsets we thought we would try our luck with a new base unit . As stated , within a year and a half the base unit failed . I had a very similar problem with a new Panasonic DVD player , and I 'm convinced that the Panasonic brand is made to fail after the warranty is expired . I 've researched these problems online and have found thousands of people with the same outlook . I 've also written letters to Panasonic regarding these issues and have yet to receive any feedback . I was a big fan of Panasonic all my life , and still use the Panasonic stereo I purchased in 1980 , but anything made by this brand in the last ten years is garbage . Oh , and I forgot to mention that I own three Panasonic VCR 's which have been prone to problems since the very first day of operation . One of them re-sets all clocks and timers when a tape is inserted , one of them occasionally eats tapes , and one of them occasionally `` forgets '' to tape a show . All three of the remotes have problems as well . Stay away from this corrupt brand !
 I have owned Panasonic Cordless phones before and I should have remembered their poor reliability and lousy sound quality , before I invested a lot of money in this base station and numerous additional handsets.While I can hear call clearly , the recipient gets very low volume and choppy reception , making it impossible to have a conversation.Their cordless products are a total waste of time , invest in a Uniden system instead , they are the most reliable on the market today .
 I spent a significant amount of money on this system based on the recommendations of a 3rd party supplier . There is severe static and I can barely hear people . By the time I determined it was NOT my local phone company -LRB- we were new to the area , -RRB- my year warranty was up . We have gotten zero satisfaction from Panasonic and the supplier also finds himself in the same boat . I would absolutely not recommend this system !!!
 I would not reccomend this phone . I have had this less than a year with three additional headsets and now 2 of my headsets are now getting very poor reception.The 4 rings that they have are quite boring , so i went on to this openlcr site the phone works with . To add different rings , you either have to sign up for a year to get ringtones at a discounted rate , weather and lottery numbers or pay like 5 dollars for an additional ringtone . If you purchase more than two ringtones you lose the one you purchased before . I would think that they would put this ringtone on one of the other headsets , I guess that would not make them money.When I first purchased the clock radio headset , the radio died . I sent it back twice to panasonic and finally got a working unit . I recommend if you buy a phone , do not get this one .
 see item B0002VMDIY , the TG-6500B , for my comments on the system . In brief , not impressive ; have since returned it and purchased the Uniden TRU8866 -LRB- item B0002EZUYK -RRB- , which I 'm quite happy with .
 Incorrect model number was shipped . Not exactly as adverised or ordered . Amazon was very understanding and refunded my purchase price promptly .
 How do you set the tax rate for these calculators ? If someone out there knows , could you email me at
 This calculator has many good features . Large enough for keys to be easily used , but fits in a shirt pocket . Uses two cheap AAA bstteries with a button battery for memory backup . It has a detailed instruction book , But the MEMORY is next to IMPOSSIBLE to access . The calculator does not even use the word memory , but uses the word list . It goes in to great detail how to manipulate the data in the list , but does not have a store or save and a recall button I spent 2 days trying to figure it out , and finally took it back . The HP9g that I replaced it with was easy to enter and access memory .
 studying A level maths i thought a graphic calculator would be fairly useful , and it was for a while . But with its poor diferentiation capibilitys and total lack ? of intergration one . My advice if you were thinking of buying one of these is spend a little extra money and get a Ti-83
 product came badly damagage . I can not use the calucator for my math assignments . the front face is broken . just beautiful thanks alot .
 These markers are trash . I 'm a professional artist constantly working on commissions that need to be done in a timely manner and quality is NEVER compromised.Flash back two years ago - I routinely paint surfboards for industry professionals . I grab a Sharpie paint pen because I was n't able to get a Posca pen on a moments notice . Man I wish I had n't . The paint crackled and peeled off , even under a layer of protective sealant ! I 've never seen any paint product I 've ever used react that shoddy ; and I still have yet to find any other ... Flash forward to last week - I grabbed these because I could n't find the Painters Paint Pens I normally use -LSB- which work like a dream -RSB- and I was never more sorry for trying a new product . -LSB- How could I have forgotten the debacle years earlier ? -RSB- Not only did these markers , I say markerS because they all were trash , this was n't a one off situation , bleed one second and dry out the next , yay inconsistency , but they caused me to have to repaint sections of my work , which is counter productive and costs me valuable time . They were a waste of money , a waste of time , and I stand strong in saying I highly recommend using any other paint pen besides Sharpie .
 I am a model railroader , building train layouts . Used white and yellow pens to create road markings . White pen draws no line , and when you push it hard enough it just dupms a huge blob of paint and ruins your project . Those paint pens are overpriced crap . Stay away !!!
 I got these to draw on and paint various things such as furniture , plastic , potentially metal ... My recommendation is
 These oil based markers make a mess - you ca n't really blend the colors and they take too long to dry . I do n't recommend them . The water-based paint pens are so much better , although word is that Sharpie is dis-continuing water based paint pens - I do n't understand why they would , be cause the water based pens are so popular and work just great for painting anything . UNI POSCA water based paint pens are still available , though . I recommend using those instead .
 I thought these were o.k. for the first few minutes I used them . Then , they seemed to dry up and when you push them to get them going again they leak all over what you 're doing . Also , curiously enough , the tips are just sitting in there not really attached to anything and , so , they can and do fall out !! I ca n't imagine how such a poorly designed product is still on the market !! PURE CRAP !! Do n't waste your money . I would n't get these again if they were giving them away for free !! P.S. I had to give these one star because I could n't figure out how to give them no stars !
 I 've been using packaging tape for years with my business shipping and receiving department . This is the worst quality tape there is . This is great if you want very thin , very cheap tape . But if you care about what you 're mailing , or if you want the tape to actually seal cartons if you are moving or something , stay away from this stuff . It does n't hold up over time , and it does n't keep packages closed , let alone sealed tight . t 's like the old celophane tape from the 1960s that turned yellow , etc. . Very , very thin . Not good for mailing shipments . To be avoided .
 I bought this tape at Walmart because in comparison to 3-M shipping tape , it was cheaper . I should have bought the expensive tape . This tape tears very easily . Nothing is more annoying than pulling and stretching out a nice long piece of tape for shipping and have it tear . There you are pulling and tugging , expecting a nice , wide strip of tape and you get a piece of tape that is super-skinny on the end and wide at the bottom and so , of course , useless , and you have to start over but then you ca n't find where the tape ends so you 're running your finger over the roll trying to find the end of the tape and you claw at it like a starving raccoon until you find it and start the taping process all over again . Aaargh ! I 'll stick -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- with the pricier brand thank you very much ...
 I ca n't believe this tape has any good reviews . I sell a lot online so I use packing tape a lot , and this was what I happened to grab at the store the last time I needed to buy more tape . I 've just now thrown away my remaining half of a roll because I ca n't take it anymore . Whenever it stuck back onto itself on the roll rather than being held apart by the dispenser -LRB- which was almost every time I used it -RRB- , and I would try to pull it up , it would split into several tiny strips and took about 5 minutes to get it back to one cohesive whole . To keep it from further splitting and to even SEE where the strips were was near impossible . And after all that , it does n't even stick very well . They must have changed the quality of the product since those 5-star reviews were written , or maybe I got a bad batch . All I can say is , get any other brand but this !!
 Purchased this tape in a store because they were out of SCOTCH brand tape at the time . I have tried several times to use the tape on various things . This tape does not stick like Scotch tape does . It does not tear or cut off like Scotch tape does . In fact , it is extremely hard and frustrating while trying to get the tape to tear off clean and not leave various different lines in your tape . This tape is definitley only a Scotch wanna-be and will never live up the expectations of the real thing .
 I have been using the Scotch brand for years and based on other reviews decided to try the Duck brand.There were a few issues with the tape with the first being it didnt stick to the cardboard boxes I was sealing . The tape kept coming off so I ended up having to tape the tape to get it to stick.In other words very frustrating.The second problem was the tape would tear very easy down the middle . So when the tape was cut or being used to seal the box I would end up with two strips.Overall I feel the quality of the tape including lack of thickness and lack of being able to stick to cardboard merits a two star rating .
 I run a business where I use a Dymo label printer . I ship out packages and put said label on the package which is simply a mailing cardbox box . Specifically USPS flat rate boxes.This tape , placed over the label , * fades the ink so it can not be read * . I 've tested this after noticing the problem both indoors and outdoors . I think the tape magnifies the sun outside and fades the ink from heat.However , the same problem happens indoors -LRB- just more slowly -RRB- . I 've used other tape without problems . So if you are buying this tape specifically to cover labels to ensure they do not get damaged when mailing , try another product because this tape actually causes the damage .
 This Duck tape is awful . It is too thin and splits lengthwise very easily . It is difficult to use in a packing tape dispenser . I have used 3M tape in the past with no issues . It 's back to 3M tape for me .
 I bought this tape because it had some good reviews . The tape I received did not stick to the boxes I was sealing . I tried a few different rolls of the batch but again , it did n't stick . Thinking it was a defective batch of tape , Amazon allowed me to exchange it for a new batch . But again , the second batch did not stick to the cardboard boxes . It 's just terrible tape with not enough adhesive on it . Complete waste of money !
 This tape is thick and silent . When you use a tape dispenser it does n't make that sound that other tapes make.The downside : - Sometimes it does n't really stick . You really have to smooth it out for the tape to really stick . - Dispenses way too easily . Sometimes I end up over using the tape!Honestly , I 'd rather have the thinner ones . Where I do n't have to hassle about trying to use it !
 This is obviously old tape . It would not separate and when it separated it was usually in multiple layers . It was somewhat brittle . That being said , I would order again -LRB- different products -RRB- from this merchant because when I emailed them about the problem they immediately made it right and would not even let me ship the old stuff back to prove I was n't `` cheating '' them .
 I put two stars because they technically are pens and I 'm sure they work , but they are n't the solid and respectable colors advertised . I got them for a seminar class where key and annotation is required and using pale pink , purple , fuscia and other pastel colors wo n't help me very much ... again , working pens , not the multiple colors that are in the photo .
 I have owned several Cross pens since graduating from high school in 1968 . I have owned this Townsend pen for many years and paid about $ 100 . The refills are expensive but that comes with the territory . However , the friction fit cap is problematic . There is a nylon or plastic liner in the cap which fails to grasp the pen over time . I have had it replaced once , and now need to do it again . Good news is that Cross offers a `` free lifetime '' repair warranty . The bad news is that Cross charges $ 10 `` handling '' charge for this free service , after the customer pays to ship it back to them . Free ai n't what it used to be . Sorry , Cross , but I would not recommend the Townsend series in any flavor .
 The pen ran out of ink within four months of light use . When I attempted to replace the cartridge the mechanism that allows you to twist the pen to expose or retract the point broke , rendering it useless .
 You can buy 12 pens cheaper then the 12 refills . However you get 6 medium and 6 fine pens and I wanted 12 mediums . As such I purchased the refills . All I really need is the blue since that 's the one I always run out of .2 out of the 12 refills had only 3 inks -LRB- missing 1 -RRB- and look like their missing blue.The first refill I opened I ended up with one refill that did n't work which was blue ... The second refill I opened had 2 blacks and no blue ... The third refill I opened finally had a blue that worked . So I have 1 blue out of 5 packs with 7 packs left to go .
 The design looks like it 's quite old , and the size of the book is a little awkward for a receptionist 's desk . I would expect a little better for that price .
 The pen writes beautifully , and looks sharp . It was supposed to be my everyday replacement for my Waterman Carene . However ... The arm that you can lift to clamp the pen to your clipboard/pocket/whatever is rather poorly constructed . Mine fell off within a week , but fortunately , Cross repaired it right away.Because the cap really sticks onto the pen tightly -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- , whenever you take the cap off or put it back on , it jars a drop of ink out of the tip of the pen , which , if you 're not careful , will fly out and get all over your pants and shirt . It 's rather difficult to predict , too , so there 's no trick as to how you open it to prevent this from happening . It also means that you 'll be cleaning out your pen cap once a week.Also , for some reason , I have yet to figure out how to fill the entirety of the reservoir . I usually get only about a third of the way full because it pulls in so much air.This is a decent pen if you want to avoid spending the $ 300 + that you might be spending with other brands , but a little overpriced for the quality . If you 're looking for a fountain pen , spend the extra $ 20 - $ 50 and get something much , much better .
 First off , I purchased this mouse to replace an older logitech one . I decided to try out a bluetooth mouse because of all the hype about the range it has over regular wireless products . My old Premium Logitech mouse used regular wireless and I could not get more than 2 feet away from my 42 inch plasma screen that I am currently using.Its a nice mouse but for some odd reason the only type of mice I could find that used Bluetooth , were Notebook mice which means they are smaller than normal desktop mouses . Thats one of my biggest problems with this mouse , is the size . I have small hands to begin with and this mouse is borderline on the size . Any smaller and I would have instantly sent it back.The 2nd problem I have with it is the so-called range and accuracy of this mouse . The range is no where near 30 feet with acceptable accuracy . It reaches longer than my old wireless logitech mouse but the accuracy on this mouse suffers more . I have tried moving the usb dongle to different places using a usb cable extender and such and to no avail.Right now its acceptable for the time being but I will definitely keep an eye out for a better one in the future . < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < UPDATE >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> > I have had the mouse now for a couple of months and my satisfaction with it is dwindling rapidly every day . I am having very poor luck with batteries . It takes 2 AAA batteries . So far I have tried multiple rechargeable AAA batteries and sometimes the mouse wont even turn on . Battery life is below average from what I have been hearing about bluetooth products . I rarely use it and it seems like I have to put in new batteries every 2 days or so . There seems to be a problem with the battery door because sometimes the mouse will enter standby and it will not come back out of it . When I push the battery door back in it will then re-activate so it seems to be loose or something . Still can not figure out why the mouse icon is jittery and inaccurate when using it .
 I have used this product for quite a long time . I 'm sure this review is far too late to help anyone , but here it is anway.This was never a very good mouse . It has a large number of bells and whistles but they never quite work right . - The battery life is very poor . It lasts about 3-6 weeks and those weeks come up quick when you only use the mouse occasionally . - The bluetooth connection range is very poor which is very frustrating during presentations . - The presentation buttons are slow to respond or often unresponsive depending on the application . - The surface tracking is very poor . The list of surfaces that it does work on is shorter then the ones it does n't . - The panel where the batteries are stored broke very easily.I just use this thing as a backup mouse now . Big waste of money .
 Even though there is a claim that this pad works with optical mice , it is n't true . I tried it with an optical Intellimouse and a Logitech cordless optical , neither worked . The pad itself is of good construction , it just does n't do what it claims .
 My boss wanted some new door signs . We have some that are thick and some that are thinner . Our local stores had only the thin ones . That is why I was excited when I found these . Yes , I took a ruler to the ones we had ordered years ago . The thickness was the same as the ones we wanted . However when we received them they were the same thickness -LRB- or rather thinness -RRB- as the ones in the local store . I guess they must not make the heavier quality anymore . That 's fine I just wish they had not been advertsied as such .
 I paid 50 bucks for a pen that is already leaking on its third day of use . The craftsmanship is shoddy . The packaging itself has nicks on it . The pen is leaking from the silver ring above the first one . I 've had to use scotch tape on it so that it does n't keep staining my fingers . The box says made in China , and well quite frankly , the product seems to be exactly that , made in China.I always thought Cross was suppose to be a good brand of pens , but I now know they are n't . The problem for me is I ordered 3 of these pens and one ball point one all at the same time so I could give a few of them away as gifts . What am I going to do now ? This bites .
 I grew up thinking that Cross pens were `` the thing to have . '' My relatives gave them as gifts for graduation and so on . Recently I decided to buy myself one after having used disposable pens for years , and I 'm very disappointed . This pen was beautiful when I got it , but after two weeks in my purse it already had several scratches in the enamel that were deep enough for the black underneath to show through . -LRB- All I keep in my purse is sunglasses , wallet , phone , keys , and pens , so the keys must be guilty . -RRB- Also , it has started skipping although the ink cartridge is not empty yet.I 'm really disappointed in this product . Cross should tell people that these pens are not made to go anywhere except in a nice , soft pocket . And given the fact that the ink is now inexplicably skipping , I 'll probably go back to disposable pens . What a shame , and a waste of money .
 I purchased these for making labels for Christmas cards . I bought a new HP All In One 6150 Inkjet printer and this was the first print job . It was almost the last . The Easy Peel labels peeled off inside the printer and stuck to the paper transport rollers in the printer . I figured it was a fluke , spent 30 minutes peeling the labels off the rollers -LRB- difficult access -RRB- . I took another label sheet , verified that nothing was delaminating and went for it again . Worse disaster this time . More labels came off and adhered to the roller again and this time the the printhead unit . This cleanup was 45 minutes plus new print cartridges . I contacted Avery via their customer satisfaction web page twice and they have failed to respond - no doubt they are aware of the problem and refuse to recognize it publically . I ultimately was able to print my labels using a Canon printer with simple direct path feed with no problems . I would speculate that any printer which is not direct linear feed will have the same problem and should not be used with any of the Avery Easy Peel products .
 These labels killed my HP6500 . There are comments with similar experiences above , but I wanted to start a new thread for folks to see ... Am now out the cost a full set of brand new ink cartridges and a printer , and turn-around time of several days to get a new printer and still do n't have the dang labels ! At this point , it would have been cheaper & faster to have used an on-line printer - even with higher min quantities ! -LRB- I had already purchased the labels from a different source and therefore did n't see the warnings on Amazon or would have avoided the experience ! * Always check those Amazon reviews ! * ; 0 -RRB-
 I 'm disappointed with the strips . A few weeks use and they are coming off willy nilly endangering the scene and my attempted bath entry . Being a senior disabled citizen , I DO NOT recommend this product .
 This velcro does n't stick very good ! I used it to put up a screen on my porch but it would n't hold the screen . The screen is very light made out of nylon or rayon . I had to use some strong twine to tie the velcro to the beam .
 i used this to hold the floor mats in place in my car unfortunately i did n't know the glue melted above 80 degrees and now the glue is stuck in my carpet and i barely got the Velcro strips off , it took lots of carpet with it when i pulled it up and left glue all over the floor mats and all over my hands when i pulled it off i thought these would be great and would last forever and i would n't have to take them up but because the glue started leaking out the Velcro and making everything sticky i had to get rid of it .
 If you read the review that was recently posted , please be aware that it pertained to another product , not the Velcro . somehow it was posted to this product in error .
 This product does not always stay stuck . When velcro is separated , the sticky-back sometimes comes loose .
 I 've used the white Velcro tape to attach fabric around the window in my toddler 's room in order to keep it very dark and promote sleep -LRB- this works , by the way , for any young ` un who is easily roused by the light of day -RRB- . We moved , and I wanted to re-attach the black fabric in his new room so ordered more Velcro ; I decided to try the black to see if it looked better than the white . I did look better , but it did n't work better . In fact it worked much worse . I had read a few comments about it not being sticky enough in the black color , but decided that was probably an `` off '' batch and to order it anyway . Big mistake . This tape will not stay on the fabric , though the Velcro part works fine at sticking to itself . I believe I used too much of it to try to return to Amazon but if I had bought it locally I would have returned this product . Going to order some of the white tape now . No idea at all why the color should make a difference - but my experience is that the black Velcro tape was much , much less sticky and performed much worse than the white tape .
 Not sure if I just got a bad batch , but I believe it is just older stock because it is near impossible to separate the backing from the actual Velcro . Made in Mexico , not sure if that is the reason ?
 THE ITEM DESCRIPTION IS WRONG ! I GOT THIS IN THE MAIL AND THE ACTUAL SIZE IS 6 X 7 X 8.5 . MY MONEY IS BEING REFUNDED BUT IT WONT BE FAST ENOUGH FOR ME TO GET A REPLACEMENT . I CHECK MANUFACTURER WEB SITE AND IT ONLY COMES IN THE SIZE THAT WAS SHIPPED TO ME . I WOULD HAVE GIVEN ZERO STARS IF IT WAS AN OPTION .
 Buyers beware - this product has changed from an excellent writing tablet to a very inferior paper product . Even though the item name and number are the same - different paper is now being used.I recently ordered a new bundle of these pads via Amazon . The paper now used in these pads is more of a toilet paper or newsprint consistency than finished notebook paper . Ink from my pen now bleeds badly across the paper as I write - and bleeds through to the next page in the pad . I went to the TOPS website and wrote the manufacturer two weeks ago - they have not yet responded . As the ink bleeds so badly , my fountain pens now empty quickly and it is very hard to read what has been written.Even though the price is the same -LRB- a premium price for what used to be a wonderful writing pad -RRB- - the paper quality now being used now appears to be a low form of recycled paper . This review is for the TOPS 63160 Prism Plus Legal Rule Writing Pads Letter Size , Pastel Grey , 50 sheets/pad , 12/pk .
 I have no clue what color I was sent , but it is not the pretty pink shown in the picure ! A total waste of money .
 The item picture is false and the item discription is a misrepresentation ! I assume that when customers purchase a legal pad with PINK sheets of paper they made their selectiion based principally on the COLOR ! In fact , I ordered these legal pads with PINK paper for the sole purpose of actually having legal pads with PINK colored paper . No abnormality I presume , at least as to individuals who purchase pink legal pads . This product , which is misrepresented by the seller as `` Legal rule writing pads , Letter , PASTEL PINK ... '' and again in the product discription as `` PASTEL PINK sheets , '' IS NOT ANY SHADE OR VARIETY OF PINK . The only part of the item that could be considered to be pink is the binding , and I assure you , the sheets ARE NOT PINK BY ANYBODY 'S INTERPRETATION OF THAT TERM AS USED IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE TO DENOTE A COLOR !! Additionally , the item pictured is VERY MISLEADING in that it is NOT AT ALL the product actually being sold . The photo misrepresentation of these legal pads as well as the title misrepresentation and the product discription misrepresentation vary from the actual product sold that it is not an unreasonable inference to conclude that they are INTENIONAL LIES MADE BY THE SELLER INTENDED TO MISREPRESENT THE OFFERED PRODUCT in my opinion -LRB- absent some circumstance of which I am unaware that would result in the seller 's inability to view the product he or she offeres and sells such as disability or some other factor -RRB-
 The color is really more of a green than a blue . The paper is also not a good quality paper . I am still looking for blue tablets .
 I ordered this based on information and appearance that seemed like pages were PALE-colored and color of `` steno-pad green , '' only to get a bright green `` pastel '' that hurts my eyes and is useless to me for writing on . Do not bother with these garish colors for real work , unless you are planning some artistic pusuit with them . The listing of `` Pastel '' is misleading -LRB- as is the picture -RRB- and JUST NOT TRUE ! I was VERY disappointed , and for the OUTRAGEOUS price one would expect something more PROFESSIONAL .
 I recently purchased this from REDIFORM believing that it was a ten pack as indicated in the figure , paid almost $ 9 for sipping and handling and received a BIG BOX with just one booklet . TOTAL RIPOFF . When contacted the seller , they put all the blame in Amazon and I am not getting the other nine !
 Do a search of the item product number - Hammermill 107681 - and you will find elsewhere that this is three-hole punched paper . The picture and description are wrong . A description at another site says this paper is acid-free , which is good , if you want 3 holes in the paper.It is 24 pound but it is 98 Brightness . A very shiny , thin paper , good for graphics as stated on another site.The ream I received was taped shut on both ends with transparent tape , and seemed to have less than a full ream . Some of the pages were curled or wrinkled . I returned the Hammermill 107681 paper and ordered other Hammermill laser paper .
 Not good for printing on both sides . It will curl up and not go back into the duplexer . Recommend it for printing on one side only .
 The items themselves were fine but the vendor threw them in a huge box with NO packing around them so they arrived smashed to pieces and unusable .
 This transaction was a disaster - I searched for 24lb paper - and this item appeared - but the weight was NOT specified . On receipt it was only 20lb paper which I could have purchased for much less and better quality from my local office supplies store - unfortunately my wife had opened and used some before I realized otherwise it would have gone back .
 Fine paper , but every packet was slightly damaged on one end , putting a slight crease in the paper . I do n't think it happened in transit .
 The quality of the paper is good , but , I was disappointed when I received my order . My purchase was shipped in its original box and by time it reached me , the box was torn and dirty . I had to throw away printing paper that was placed at the corners of the box because it was dirty and bent .
 This was my first buying experience with Amazon ; and likely my last . I was disappointed when the box delivered was wet and damaged . I was happy at the ease to report the damage , request a replacement , and return the damaged goods . The second box arrived in better shape , as it was heavily surrounded in clear box tape . However , the box still looked like it was thrown around . My suspicions were correct , as when I open the second box , 8 of the 10 reams of paper were broken open ; and the edges of several sheets were curled . It was not worth my time and effort to send it back again . I learned a lesson and will never order paper or stationary supplies for home delivery again . I took a few pictures if you want to see them .
 I have been using this pencil and these erasers for years and I love them-sudoku means lots of erasing , but the shipping charges are ridiculous ! If I did n't live 2 hrs from the nearest office supply store I would never order this item from Amazon !
 Very expensive for 1 ream of pape . makes you think u are getting a good deal from the picture and the description
 I am giving this item one star because it was not obvious to me from reading the Amazon description that you had to have a laminating machine from this company to be able to use the product . I thought that this was a self-laminating product . It is n't worth the effort and cost of shipping to send it back , so I am stuck with a bunch of tags that I will not use.NOTE
 I bought this folder to avoid having two thinner folders in order to hold all of my boss 's emergency cards . This folder would have been great if it had a tab at the top as well as the bottom to keep the tension from top to bottom . The problem with not having a tab at the top is there is no tension to keep the binder ring from opening . Hence the papers slip through the top ring as you are flipping through pages and it 's just one big hassle to deal with when you 're trying to keep things organized and you end up with a different kind of mess .
 We recently searched for a cheaper source for this paper and found it through databazar or E-max as they state on Amazon . The description for the product was listed as `` Xerox Multipurpose Pastel - paper - 5000 pcs . -LRB- 3R11056 -RRB- '' . It showed a list price of $ 84.99 and was discounted to $ 13.80 . A great price for this paper considering the amount they advertised . Of course it was too good to be true . They quickly told us that the website was wrong and we had only been charged for 500 sheets of paper and that we could keep it or return it but they would not fill the order ! Their customer service is located in another country and although I am a male I was called Madam over and over . Do n't trust them . If you list it sell it ! The paper showed up half open and the package was clearly torn open to check the color !
 this is waste of money it is stop writing when you neet to write the quality of this pen is very poor
 I first received a Cross pen for Christmas about six years ago , and it was one of the best presents I have ever received . I loved it so much I 've tried to hunt down a similar version , which led me to this item.Cross is no longer the icon it once was . Starting from the casing of this pen - it is cheap , almost plastic-like as opposed to the delightful housing of my original Cross pen , that has just the right amount of heft to it . The finish in real life is sadly no where close to as classy as the one pictured . It is a travesty that it is marked at $ 40 , as it is not even worth the $ 25 I paid for it at Amazon . Needless to say , I am very disappointed in the difference in quality between my old and new cross pens .
 I purchased these for the yellow marker specifically . They are hard to find . I just received the markers and there is no yellow ! Very disappointed . Would not have ordered if it did n't show a yellow marker .
 I bought a box of black and they leave a serious residue ... not even as good as their old ones .
 Received the markers in a timely fashion . Problem was that 3 out of the 12 markers did not work . One marker was dry and the other two were missing the tips . Do n't understand how this could have happened . The package was sealed.The ones which worked were vibrant in color and were easy to erase . If only , all the markers worked !
 Need more specifics like Auto Loan , Auto Expense , Auto GasEntertainment need also Internet expenses , Cable/Sat TV expensesInsurance need Home and AutoLoans Credit Cards more spaces for LoansTaxes need personal property and Motor VehicleJust to menyion a few that I end up having to make notes at these amounts to know what the money is for
 I expected it to be more . I was looking more along the line of a ledger but it turned out to a book with a , couple of pages for your budget
 I do n't recommend this because the book and columns are too small to write in . I felt it was a waste of my money .
 Not at all what i was hopping for and the return window was very short . so now im stuck with an empty book and nothing to do with it .
 I bought these scissors for my 3 yr old who is having difficulty learning to cut because of hand strength issues . Her preschool teacher recommened getting some scissors similar to these . I ordered these because they have a spring back so after she squeezes to cut , she does n't have the difficulty of opening the scissors to make a second cut . After using these scissors once , she now has to pull them open because the spring back function is not working . I am not overly happy with this product . I had high hopes but they failed to work the way we needed them to after the 1st use ! Im not sure what brand the preschool used but theirs worked MUCH better than these !
 Very disappointed with these scissors . I had them for only one week and used them 3 times to cut paper and noticed they were cutting funny . As I was holding the scissors up to look at the blade to see if it was bent or something , I squeezed the scissors and one of the blades came off . It looked like it just snapped off clean where the blade inserts into the handle . Not fixable .
 Macessity has some of the worst quality control I 've ever seen . This stand was either manufactured to unbelievably poor tolerances or damaged during manufacturing . When I received the stand , the back corner by the hub was shaped or formed completely different than the other three corners . It really looked like it had been dropped or stepped on , but then still painted and the hub attached afterwards and sold . The other three corners had a nice flowing curve while the fourth almost had a straight fold to the metal . On top of being very ugly from that , the result was that this one corner sat in a different plan than the rest making the stand wobble from corner to corner . I tested this on 5 different surfaces including granite counter tops . This was not damage from shipping as both the Macessity product box and the box Amazon packed it in were in mint condition and I would n't normally believe they 'd even been shipped by just looking at them . Thankfully , Amazon service was stellar as usual and let me return the product .
 I was so disappointed to receive this . It functioned fine , and the design was definitely phoned in -LRB- which I recognized ahead of time but I ordered anyway -RRB- , but despite the photos , the metal finish does n't look anything like the anodized metal finish that comes on Mac laptops or monitors . Instead , it 's sort of a cheap-knockoff-looking kind of finish that really cheapens the whole awesome-desk aesthetic I was going for ! So I returned it -- and got hit with their 25 % restocking fee ! I ca n't say I 'm a huge fan of Macessity at the moment ...
 It works well for paper , but I put a 5 pound book on it , and the weak plastic bit that holds it up in the back immediately broke in half .
 Very cruddy quality piece that arrived in pieces . Very low-grade plastic makes the transparent body .
 Needing more scissors around the house , I picked up a pair of these at the drugstore . Well you get what you pay for - they are cheap and have a strangely stupid and uncomfortable grip . Do not bother . I 'm really bummed that the Metro 3-piece Household Scissors set is unavailable since I see great reviews for it and it 's just what I 'm looking for . Hope it will come back in stock soon !
 I do n't like this file box . First of all I would n't be surprised if the lid breaks off soon . The lid also does not stay up on its own ; you have to hold it open with one hand , while trying to file with the other . It also has two latches ; other ones that I have only have one and are so much easier to open when you have your hand full . I wish I had not bought this one .
 The lid , when you lift it , will immediately fall back down on the box . It would be nice if , when you opened the lid , there was an option to keep it open .
 Do NOT buy this file box . Cheap plastic and the lid will not open properly unless you press the back of the box in while lifting the lid . One arrived cracked and the other broke in the first week .
 If you plan to use this more than once a month get a different one . After a few days of use the latch stopped latching . The handle also came loose so have fun carrying it full of paperwork . Very flimsy , I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Decent sized box , strong material , made to store a lot , it 's just I know when it gets filled with my paperwork that it wo n't be able to be picked up , as the handle will fly off .
 Do not mess with this piece of junk . As many others have said it 's cheap . top will not open or stay open , and it is very poor quality . I thought others were overstateing downfalls , but I was wrong . I bought 2 and both came broken and/or missing parts .
 First , and this is n't the product 's fault , Windows 2007 template for this was dead wrong , fiddled with forever until wised up and downloaded template from Avery , worked fine then .3 reasons for poor review . First , they 're actual labels , not just inserts . Means you peel , fold , stick to self , then insert , and if you do n't fold just right , you 're toast - crooked is the way it will be . Second , by design , it is n't angled like a plastic one would be , makes for difficult viewing . Third , obviously since they 're paper , the durability -LRB- and stay-clean -RRB- factor is limited.Prefer a simple , rectangle insert that isnt ' sticky , just thicker paper like my old Esselte Pendaflex ESS43290 , which are sadly no longer available . If anyone knows of such a thing for sure , would love to know about it . The Avery ones appear to also be labels like these 5567 's but I 'm not positive .
 These may look like the leading roller ball pens - but they are not . Take my advice , you want to pay a little more for the Pilots . These have a very sharp point and write like they are carving and scraping the page - which they are in fact doing because the ink does not flow smoothly and half the time you are scraping your paper with a bare metal tip . Very frustrating pens ! I will never buy these again .
 They skip and it 's hard to write continuously , hate these pens ! Also , run out of ink much quicker than most pens .
 The pens came quickly , but they didn t work . I had to continuely trace my work to make it legible for my job .
 I just cancelled my order for this phone . I was warned by a reviewer of a similar vtech product that they do this trick of using 2.4 ghz for the handset . I verified this by looking at the tech manual on their web site vtech.com . Its on one of the last pages in small typing . This will SCREW your wireless internet . What a disgrace . Amazon should filter out these guys . From now on only Panasonic .
 I 've heard great things about vtech phones . I 'm not sure if I just have bad luck and keep hitting a bad batch . However I 've had two of these models . I 'm on my third replacement . The first 6821 I had the power on button stopped responding after one week , soon I was toggling the speakerphone button as a means to answer the phone . That stopped responding a few days after the on button . Soon after that the off button stopped working . Vtech replaced the phone under warranty . Great service . Second phone , about 3 months in the on button once again stopped responding , fearing the same it was returned again . hopefully 3 is the charm , but i 'd prefer it to be okay on the first try . otherwise the features/price are great for this phone
 Its keypad surface started rubbing off within two weeks of the purchase . Circuit City replaced it immediately but he new phone soon had the same quality problem with the keys and then 6 months later the ringer died . Calling Vtech customer service was useless . The phone was under warranty but hey require that you send them the old phone back first before they send out a replacement . That leaves you without a phone for a minimum of two weeks plus you have to pay for shipping !
 I 've used a Stainless Parker Jotter for work since 1990 . I 've never had a complaint with the original refills . In need of ink on various occasions in the past couple of years I have had to use the Gel Ink . The Gel Ink goes down bold and thick but the tip is not as smooth as the standard refills and the ink is very easily lifted if rain or other liquids come in contact with what you have just written . Another drawback with the amount of ink that gets put down is that a refill may only last a week whereas the original refills would last me months!This complaint may sound a little extreme but one drop onto the shop floor with the tip extended renders the refill useless . This is in stark contrast to the original refills which occasionally I have dropped 2 or 3 times with no adverse effects to the writing ability.Hope this is helpfullShalomMichael
 As noted by Flashbizz in his review , the packages all have one refill with a wax covering , and one refill without -LRB- and therefore completely dried out -RRB- . I thought his experience was an aberration , but I ordered 3 packs and each had the same problem . I guess this supplier bought a huge batch of defective ones , and they are dumping them on Amazon . Buyer beware ... your two-pack is really a one-pack .
 I tend to take a lot of notes at work . I work in the technology field and I am constantly jotting down quick notes or making diagrams of systems and how they interact . I like the feeling of the gel ink and how crisp it looks on the page . I bought the Smith & Wesson tactical pen and a few reviews recommended this refill . I have purchased 4 of these -LRB- 2 refills per package -RRB- . My biggest complaint is not how long the ink lasts like many others . It 's how the ink itself writes . No matter the speed or pressure , there are always skipped letters . I can get done writing a small paragraph and on a good day at least half of the words have a significant portion of their letters missing . For example
 As others have said , I received 1 refill that worked and one that did n't . One had the tiny cover on the ball end and one did not .
 Not a huge fan of this product . Love the way it writes but in less than a few months , I 'm buying it again . -LRB- and there are 2 refills -RRB- I decided to switch pens instead .
 These refills get blotchy ink on the bottom , which I have to wipe off . Also they skip on almost every sentence . Garbage .
 First , one of the refills showed up in the pack with the gel tip off the rollerball . After reading other reviews . I figured I would open the pack and find that cartridge to be dried up and unuseable . Well , to my surprise it worked and it wrote rather smoothly . HOWEVER , within 3 months of having the refill in a pen that was seldom used , the pen became unuseable because the ink would do nothing but start and stop and write incomplete . I will NEVER buy a gel pen or refill again . I 've had cartridges in infrequently used pens that have stayed good for years until the ink ran out . Obviously , these are designed to dry up in a relatively short period of time FORCING you to replenish your supply more often.THINK ABOUT IT ... WHY would you need to put a gel tip on a pen cartridge ??? Have you ever bought pens in the past that required a gel tip on them IN THE PACKAGING ? NO !!!! These gel refills are designed to dry out quickly in order to produce more frequent sales . As far as I 'm concerned , NO THANKS!If I ca n't find normal -LRB- non-gel -RRB- Parker refills , I 'll finally break my long-running relationship -LRB- 15 + years -RRB- with Parker and find a pen I can rely on that works comparitively well .
 The ink was older , somewhat crushed and dried up after approximately one week of moderate use . Would not recommend the product .
 Well I like all parker pens and the gel is the best but on this order all but one refill have the little wax tip off this made the ink dry out so 5 of the 6 I ordered where no good shame others i had gotten have been ok this was the first with them dried out this bad . I am glad I still had one left from other order not sure but i think I will go to office store for my next ones .
 I 've used Parker Gel refills for years . Decided to try to save a little money this year . Instead of buying them from a major office supply store , I went with this Amazon seller . These were not the same quality , even though all the packaging was identical to store-bought . It was as if they were dried out . The gel `` went dry '' / ran out much sooner than ever before .
 Defective and disappointing . Both refills stopped working in 2 days . Very rough and not smooth at all from the first day . Not sure if this pack was just defective or this French made unit is just junk.Not recommended . On the good side , seller sent item very quickly .
 These blue refills are a much lighter blue than the Parker gel refills I purchased at Staples . The first of the two did n't flow well and felt `` scratchy '' instead of gliding across the paper like the refills I procured from Staples . The first one was so bad I threw it away the first day . I 'll throw the second away as soon as I can get to Staples and buy some `` good '' replacements . I suspect they were not genuine Parker refills , but I do n't know for sure .
 I was only able to write with these refills 2 days each , after this something happens and ink just starts flowing uncontrollaby.Not what I expect from Parker labeled product .
 I can not write even one word without it skipping . Just about every other letter has missing spots -LRB- like half the letter -RRB- and when I try to go back over them it just leaves a mess that is not acceptable for my own notes let alone any kind of serious correspondence or form filling . I 've tried warming it up using scratch paper , using alcohol around the nib , nothing is working .
 Wrote OK at first . After 1 day of use , not able to write with it . Could be that one was a dud . Giving it three stars as a benefit of the doubt . I 'll See how the second refill does .2 / 23/12 Second refill does n't work !! Disappointed . Revised the 3 star rating to 1 . Sorry Parker ! But the refills stink !!!
 The image showed a 12 pack of Sharpie mini markers , but I received a 4 pack . After the fact I realized the description is for a 4 pack ; though that was n't clear at the time of placing my order . I would not have paid over $ 7 plus $ 2 shipping for a 4 pack of mini markers . It is very frustrating when the image shown is not actually what is being sold .
 I also was expecting a 12 pack of pastel colors . I paid $ 10.00 for a stupid 4 pack of sharpies . I think this is false advertising and if this company ca n't advertise without being deceitful , amazon should not allow them to be on their marketplace . We will see how Office Quarters handles this return .
 My scale arrived and did not work . I would never buy one of these products again , it looks really cheaply put together .
 The functionality of the fax machine is fine . It may be adequate for the very occasional user . However , I only get 150 to 200 page yield in the ink save mode . The replacement cartridges are outrageously expensive and you are forced to use OEMs . I 've had this unit less than a year and have spent much more on carts than I did on the machine . This machine is headed for the garage sale . If someone offered you one for free , just say no .
 Pros : Reasonably fastQuietNo jamsCons : Goes through ink at an astonishing rate and the tiny cartridges are $ 41.79 at the local office super store!I bought this fax for my home office . It receives relatively light use , so you can imagine my shock when my wife informed me we had just used up our 3rd $ 40 + cartridge ! That 's over $ 120 !! Great machine ... Wish I could afford it .
 This machine worked great for a few months , but its ink dried out after I have n't used it for a couple of months , and I 've only received/printed less than 50 pages total so far.I bought this equipment for only $ 80 from Costco , and I thought that I had a great deal at that time , but now it looks like I will be spending a lot more money on the ink cartridges than my laser printer !
 I bought one , and it had a repeated problem with a `` Printer Error '' . It could be reset , but I would lose all my saved and unprinted faxes in the process . I returned it for a new one , and it had the same problem . After spending an hour on the phone with a very helpful service rep , she pronounced the machine broken , and advised me to take it for repair . Nope . Returned it and went back to my old machine that does n't hold much paper and throws documents on the floor , but it does send and receive !
 I bought this machine in july 2003 for home use . After 4 months and about 50 pages of printed fax , the ink is gone.I contact Sharp regarding this problem but was told that the warranty is only for 15 days.Based on my experience , it is an expensive machine to keep because it is costing me 70 to 80 cents per fax page .
 This machine is just a piece of JUNK!Even when we put in a $ 35 new ink -LRB- we actually bought two -RRB- , it keeps telling us `` CHECK CARTRIDGE '' . Will shop for a replacement tomorrow , but will never buy a Sharp !
 I only use my fax for very light , occasional fax reception . Echo the very expensive inkjet costs . Additionally , mine is essentially unuseable in receive now as I either continually have to perform a cleaning operation or I get `` check cartridge '' error messages . Avoid this fax machine .
 This is an adequate fax . The paper feed has jammed twice for no apparent reason . Commands are a little awkward to execute and are not always intuitive . Footprint is compact , and the resend function works reasonably well . The major drawback is that it eats ink cartridges and the replacements are expensive . I receive a small volume of faxes , not more than ten pages a month , and usually less than that , but the cartridge runs dry after a few months . Per page costs are high . This is the third fax that I have owned , and the least economical . I would recommend buying another brand , based on on my experience.Also , while you may refill cartridges , I have had poor luck with that solution .
 If you make the same mistake I did and buy this machine , be prepared to change the ink constantly ! It prints on average 112 pages a week and needs new ink every 7 days at $ 35.00 a pop . Needless to say , after owning it for one month it is going on the garbage heap .
 I bought this machine less than a year ago and am now having to replace it . It has started a Printer Error loop and ca n't clear the error without replacing the circuit board . Inexcusable for basic office machine puchased within the last year .
 This is the worst fax machine I have ever owned . I do n't know what happens to the ink , but the ink cartridge does n't last very long . Furthermore , the print quality is horrible when it does work . You will save money and headaches in the long buying any other fax machine .
 It 's stated that this is Sharp 's `` new '' fax machine . Do n't believe it - we 've had this machine for years and it 's a serious under-performer . You have to stand by the machine to make sure your fax actually goes through . Half the time , the machine stops during the process and you have to resend the fax . The other half of the time with incoming faxes , it bleeps , and you get a `` line error '' message , and no fax.Unreliable at best . There 's better machines out there and we 've just ordered Canon 's L90 fax/phone .
 I bought the GPS attachment to the telescope and was quite disappointed with it . It failed to work properly so I returned it . It did not establish my location , was slow to operate , etc. .
 The item description is a bit misleading - It says `` Download names , phone numbers , e-mail addresses , appointments and more '' but in fact you ca n't really download appointments - the best you can do is set the alarm everytime you have an appointment - you ca n't even set multiple alarms ! Basically this little thing keeps less info than a cell phone . The USB ROLODEX allows you to enter names , phone numbers and e-mail address - that 's it for contact info.The PC software 's help button would be better labelled About - because it does n't offer any help , advice or anything other than the software is by Franklin . And do n't bother looking on the CD for any help because all you get is a single sheet of directions giving basic info - but then , the thing does n't do much anyway , so there 's not much to explain I guess.The one star I rate this item , is for the somewhat compact size of the device - it 's definately smaller than a PDA , but then again it does n't even deserve to be compare to one . Your better off spending 10 extra dollars and getting a `` Sharp '' like Personal Information Manager .
 I made the big mistake of buying this peace of junk.The PC link to this thing does n't work at all , it timesout before anything can synch.The directions that come with it are useless . The help inside the sync program is even more useless.Too bad it would have been nice if it did work .
 Anyone reading this , please do n't waste your time and your money . The design is attractive , the price is incredible ... but then it is an absolute piece of junk , so its far too expensive . DO N'T bother buying it . We got one , thought it was faulty because it does NOTHING , returned it and the replacement was exactly the same . We are now claiming our money back ! Amazon should be embarassed selling it and Franklin Rolodex , such a fine name , should remove it from the market at once and stop taking people for a ride ! Shame on them ! It gets ZERO rating !! I had to put 1 star because they do n't have zero !
 Misleading description . Will not do the things it advertises . Usless piece of junk . Do n't buy because you will be wasting your money .
 I received this product as a gift and was really excited to try it out . First of all , you CAN NOT shred as many pages at once as it claims , you can only shred 4-5 or it gets jammed . Second , it does jam quite often even when trying to shed 4-5 pages . Third , the gears are cheaply made , and some of the teeth shear off the gears each time the machine jams . After about a half a dozen times , the machine will stop working as one or more of the gears have no more teeth on it . Guess what ! You can not buy replacement parts for this item . It was made to break , so that you would have to purchase another one . I will NOT buy another Royal shredder as I have read this is not the only model that this happens to . Please save yourself the headache and buy a different brand .
 I purchased this at a BJ 's Club because of the $ 49 price and 12 sheet capability.I first tried putting 8 sheets of regular printer paper through and to begin with , it was hard to get the shreader to grab the paper . Secondly , not more than two inches into the machine , it overloaded and stopped . I did n't waste any time returning it!This product does n't come close to the companies claims . There 's no need to give further details for this product because it 's basicly worthless and there are no positive features about it.Don ' t waste your money . Trust all the negative reviews .
 The Royal VF1012mx shredder is an attractively designed shredder -- with a slide-out wastebasket ; three indicator lights for Ready , Overheat , and Overload ; an Auto / Off / Reverse switch ; and locking wheels for movement in tight spaces . The Overload light turns on when you 've placed something too thick for the shredder to handle . While the Royal VF1012mx shredder is also quieter than my previous Staples-brand cross-cut shredder , the Royal shredder falls short in build-quality and usability :1 . The slide-out wastebasket is a messy idea , although it does makes for quieter shredding . When the wastebasket is removed for emptying , paper shreds fall from the shredder 's cutter into the empty draw space , necessitating an emptying of the shredder itself . This is not atypical of most industrial strength shredders , but the Royal 's wheels fall off when one lifts or tilts the shredder .2 . The shredder 's cuttings are alarmingly long -- up to approximately four inches a strand -LRB- far longer than the typical 1-and-something inches in other cross-cut shredders -RRB- , more than enough to divulge complete credit card numbers , telephone numbers , thoughts , etc. -- especially if one feeds paper sideways -LRB- i.e. , landscape -RRB- into the shredder . This potentially negates the security benefit of purchasing a cross-cut shredder instead of a strip-cut shredder . There is a window in the wastebasket to gauge how full it is , but I think few people will regularly check the window given the shredder 's low profile.Do four-inch strands pose a security risk ? Not likely for a typical consumer , especially if sensitive information is mixed with non-sensitive information , such as credit card offers and other junk mail that should be shredded anyway . The chances are that people will not waste time going through shredded material to reassemble information , but it is easy to avoid this risk by considering another product .
 I bought a 12 sheet shredder because I hoped that it would not jam when I shred credit card offers without opening them . Well , this one jammed , but not too often , just often enough to be annoying . Moreover , when it jammed it took forever to get it unstuck.It is also made poorly , with a plastic gear in the middle of metal ones . Guess what , the plastic one got stripped . Never again .
 I wish this keychain was made of metal instead of plastic/rubber cause while it was sitting in my car it eventually warped faded and fell apart . It 's a shame cause I really liked the keychain and the funny looks I got for having it on my keyring ... mainly cause no-one really understood it unless they watched the show it came from of course .
 Rubber rings were quickly lost , top would then not stay on . Impossible to replace the parts . Waste of money , poor value .
 There are crumpled papers within each pad . This means you never have a flat , smooth , even surface . There are just enough problem pages in each pad to make problems for the whole pad , but not enough that you will give up and just toss the whole pad and order something else . I wo n't order this item again .
 There is nothing wrong with the paper in these pads , that I 've seen -- I tend to use legal pads by flipping back the pages , not tearing them out -- but the problem lies in the lack of any stiffness to the backing cardboard . It is thin and very flexible . If you 're writing on a desk , fine . But if you 're writing on your knee , or freestanding , you 're going to have problems .
 This was a good price for all that paper ! I use Legal Pads every day in meetings and I was annoyed to discover this paper does not tare very pretty . Other than that , its good paper for what it 's worth .
 The paper is fine . It tears nicely . But , it 's nearly useless as far as I 'm concerned . Really , why have a backing at all if you 're going to make it so flimsy ??
 The paper quality is fine , but the pages do n't rip out easily and cleanly which makes it a poor choice , in my view . Who want to end up with ragged paper when they remove a sheet ?
 This unit has good touch on the keys , good display and excellent printing for a 10-key . But I work in finance , and need good capability in calculating lots of percentage changes , and for that this model is AWFUL . The Cost , Sell , and Margin keys are somehow screwed up , and you can never get a proper answer , and yes , I have read the manual . I have to resort to a handheld calculator to get a correct result for percent change , such as a stock price appreciation . And that 's pretty basic stuff . I would look elsewhere for a 10-key unless all you need is to + , - , x , & .
 Retuned as not what I had ancicipated . Purchased with a gift certificatefrom Amazon given to me by my wife . It has been a couple of months now since I returned the calculater/printer and still have not received a credit from Amazon . This is not good customer service . You could be thebiggest and richest Amazon , but no customer service , and ... not good .
 Good idea but , will not work with windows 8 and i dont know if it will work on line at all . I could not get the soft ware for windows 7 . the scale work good if that is all you need
 So far , I have n't been able to get this thing to work . Pelouze says I was sold a discontinued model and my computer neither has nor uses a serial port . So , my next step is to purchase an adapter from serial to USB . Then we shall see.So Far , I am not impressed .
 Could not get scale working because we could not download postage rates to the scale at least so far . The scale requires an included RJ-11 to female serial connector to download postage rates and we tried the included cable and two others on two different PCs . The fact that they require , in 2010 , an RJ-11 to Serial Port is bewildering . Pelouze really did n't want to help us and discouraged us from sending the scale back to them so we are now sending back to their distributor . We wasted at least 4 man-hours on this so far .
 I purchased the PS20DL for $ 103.00 in December of 2004 . I used it for weighing gift packages to determine postage that I then ship to family and friends for birthday 's and other holidays . It was never used for commercial purposes . For 18 months , I was very pleased with the scale.In July , 2006 , just 18 months from the date of purchase , the unit failed . About 3 minutes after turning it on , the LCD display goes blank , then shows strange characters and a loud , high pitched whistle can be heard coming from the base of the unit . I 'm unable to weigh anything and the only way to turn it off is to remove the battery . I tried a new battery , and it still fails.I contacted Pelouze customer support and Heidi Brannigan , of Pelouze Office Products , told me `` This unit will need to be repaired . The warranty is one year from original date of purchase . We do not repair these units out of warranty . '' Since the unit is out of warranty , I asked Heidi if she at least knew what the problem was and if she could recommend a repair facility . Here 's her response
 The scale worked fine for me until the postal rates changed and I needed to download the new rates . The only adapter that comes with this scale connects to a serial port and if your PC is less than 5 years old , chances are it does n't have a serial port . NO big deal -- just get a serial-to-usb adapter , right ? WRONG ! I first tried a Belkin adapter and after finding out that did n't work , I called their support team . They told me that they know Belkins do n't work , `` just use any other adapter . '' Okay , so I ordered a USBGear serial-to-usb adapter -LRB- paid for postage and waited for that to arrive -RRB- and it STILL did n't work . When I called support again -LRB- during their LIMITED support hours , I might add -- this is no 24/7 operation -RRB- they told me that they do n't know which adapters work and which do n't ... `` I 'm sorry ma'am , you just need to keep trying until you find one that works . '' Seriously ? That 's their solution ? Um ... NO THANKS !! An unbelievably frustrating experience and the last Pelouze and Dyno product I will ever buy . Truly , how hard can it be for their support team to ask people that call in which adapter they 're using and keep a list of ones they can recommend to customers in my situation ?? UGH !
 Customer 05/08/2008 10:52 PM EDTI am thinking of buying this scale , but the following -LRB- below -RRB- if true would prevent the purchase . Any truth to this report on Amazon?Thanks , Amazon Customer PostI purchased the PS20DL for $ 103.00 in December of 2004 . I used it for weighing gift packages to determine postage that I then ship to family and friends for birthday 's and other holidays . It was never used for commercial purposes . For 18 months , I was very pleased with the scale.In July , 2006 , just 18 months from the date of purchase , the unit failed . About 3 minutes after turning it on , the LCD display goes blank , then shows strange characters and a loud , high pitched whistle can be heard coming from the base of the unit . I 'm unable to weigh anything and the only way to turn it off is to remove the battery . I tried a new battery , and it still fails.I contacted Pelouze customer support and Heidi Brannigan , of Pelouze Office Products , told me `` This unit will need to be repaired . The warranty is one year from original date of purchase . We do not repair these units out of warranty . '' Since the unit is out of warranty , I asked Heidi if she at least knew what the problem was and if she could recommend a repair facility . Here 's her response
 9/2011 Learn from my mistake - DO N'T BUY FROM THEM.The review software makes you give at least one star but they do n't even deserve a brown dwarf .1 . Serial adapter for connecting to a computer - they do n't tell you this until you open the box.I bought a USB adapter and it did work the first registration although others have had problems with it .2 . Woe to you trying to get a rate upgrade the second time.Web site would not recognize my password , tried to ask for the email me the password option and it never was sent to my web site as they said it would . Tried to create a new password but it will not let you unless you have a new email address -LRB- ! -RRB- . Searching their site for a FAQ on the scale bounces you around until you finally get a page that says `` answer no longer available '' . Do n't let DYMO lean on YOU the way they have done me.I run a small business and this is just the sort of imperious treatment that will soak up your time by the bucket.Sooo I now have a scale that does weigh but can give rates for nothing.I 'm looking for a scale supplier that dose n't abuse you after they have your money.Run while you can !
 I bought this scale elsewhere , was very disappointed when I tried to install it , am taking it back to the store and will now buy at Amazon -- but not Peluze.The box and promotional literature do NOT tell you that there is some fee -LRB- I could n't find out how much -RRB- for upgrades of the rate charts.The box makes it vague about International Rates -- but limited to Mexico and Canada -- not a true range of uses.I took more than 90 minutes to go through the program installation , downloads of licenses and program and rates , and then the program would not accept the rates I had just downloaded -- error message was that `` rates are not compatible with scale . `` I tried to get more information from their web site -- no help . I finally wrote an eMail to support , but no answer yet.I will not buy any other Peluze products -- good machine , perhaps , but specifications are NOT shown on in the marketing material or on the box.Karl LorenVan Nuys , CA
 Although I have n't had the chance to use this much yet , I just wanted to give a word of caution to potential purchasers . The ad for this machine said it was Internet downloadable . What it did n't say is what platform it was compatible with . I have Windows Vista and the machine is only compatible with 95-XP , so that portion of it is useless to me .
 I purchased two of these units . One broke after 30 days . Not sure about the other one , as I gave it away as a present .
 Ordered the scale based on price , size , and reviews . Reviews were off , scale was good size , price was way to high for this cheap piece . It came quickly , but when I tried to calibrate it reading was off . Called company and recieved replacement just to have same error occur . My advice ignore other reviews and find another scale .
 Item was not as described . Can not read the display unless the item is laying flat then there is no need for the clip .
 I bought it to replace a small finger-suspended postal scale . This looked like it but had a digital display . It did not work consistently so I returned it .
 Its fine for what it is . You need a 100 gram weight to calibrate the scale before you use it , and it does n't come with it . Another review got me the information that 20 nickels equals 100 grams , but it would have helped to know that I needed a the weight . The screen is hard to read . You have to get at an extreme angle to see it . Would not recommend it .
 I got two of these from my local Staples . Both were defective . The tabs for opening the top would not work . I actually had to search the internet to find out how they were supposed to open , as there were in instructions in the box . These came in the original packaging from 3M .
 The picture is misleading , I received this product in the WHITE color . I was hoping to get it in black as shown , but that was n't the case . I did n't bother to return it because of the whole hassle behind returns . However , now I have a white Post-It Note dispenser mismatching my desk !
 I have this item at work . I know what a new package looks like . This package came with torn cellophane covering . The post it notes had been used and there was not a full refill . i hate paying for new things and getting used items . I will not buy from this shipper again .
 This magnetic pad is useless because the note pad is too heavy for the magnetic strip and the note pad falls off of its backing along with the magnetic strip .
 I got this calendar for my daughter and was shocked that there are 4 players shown that are no longer on the team . I can almost understand players that we 're traded this winter but Bobby Abreu and David Bell we 're traded in July and they both have months on the calendar . The other two players are Mike Leiberthal and Gavin Floyd . Hard to beleive they could n't find someone other thatn Gavin Floyd ?????
 We 've been using these phones for a few months and they are horrible phones if there is any sound around the office . If there is noise around the office , it will pickup on the headset and you ca n't hear anything . We 're looking to replace these phones currently .
 I bought two of these phones . They have all the features I want -LRB- speakerphone , mute button , hold button , caller ID -RRB- but I have to give it two stars because the first phone died after a few months and the second after about two years .
 It is very difficult to read the printing on this phone , especially in low light . If mounted on a wall slightly below eye level , it 's almost impossible to read . If you buy this phone , buy a flashlight to go with it . I did not see this problem in the store since the lighting was very bright .
 I bought this model to replace a slightly earlier GE model -LRB- probably 29060 -RRB- and had an immediate problem . My fax machine would n't work through its data port . Believing the phone was at fault I got a replacement , but the problem persisted.My telephone service is a single line -LRB- RJ11C -RRB- which must have an in-lineDSL filter to work with the analog fax and ordinary telephone . The fax works fine when directly connected to the wall outlet but not through either line 1 or 2 on the phone . My only conclusion is that the dataport does n't work for a single line hook up.I called Thompson customer service about this but they were clueless.They can only give a replacement , not a refund , which is pointless in this case .
 Well , it 's a phone . You can pick up the phone and make a phone call.You can have two lines into the phone and press a button to switch between lines.But , if that 's all you want , just buy two $ 8 phones.Problems I have with this phone : - I bought it primarily for the speaker phone functionality . The speaker phone sucks . It is very difficult for anyone on the other end of the call to hear me . - The caller ID will NOT work with rechargeable AA batteries . - The speaker phone button is annoying . In order to answer a call with it , you have to press and hold the button for two seconds , then release it . If you just press it , and then see the light flash and release , the caller just gets disconnected . I have no idea why you would make a phone where the light goes on when the phone is n't actually going to connect you . - The caller ID display is very difficult to read unless you have the right lighting and are looking at the right angle . - This phone is made of cheap plastic .
 I have never placed a product review before - but this is one of those products where I would NEVER buy again . The sound quality is horrendous . We have done everything thinking maybe it was our phone line so we replaced inside wires , outlets , etc. . Another phone works perfectly but this one you can barely hear over the terrible static . Avoid .
 If you are on line one and a call comes into line two , you have significant background noise while the second line is active . In-call volume controls are not intuitive . Overall , I am sorry I bought this phone .
 I am disappointed -RRB- : I am still inable to make the phone work . Itis setting in my Study . I gve a 1 / starJanet VCentennial Co
 why did I buy this ?? Company did offer to refund money in full when I complained . It 's just a really poorly done book and quality is poor too . You can find 100 % better for FREE from the web . Do n't waste your time on this .
 We had purchased these intercoms in the past for use in our home to office about 50 yards away , so i was not too worried when the first set arrived and threw away the packaging . They worked as they always had in the past for a couple of days and then just quit . i thought there might just be something wrong with that set so i ordered another set and sent the other set back in the new packaging . The new set , like the other , worked for a couple of days and now have stopped working as well . Guess i 'm stuck with these . i do n't know why they would work for a couple of days then quit , but they have changed something as they do not work like they use too . After getting 2 sets in a row that quit working while still brand new i would reccommend you avoid buying these .
 I purchased this Westinghouse intercom and find it lacking in quality . It emits a high pitch shreek if placed 10-15 feet distance - which I thought a reasonable distance from room to room . Sound got better if placed further apart . I returned it the next day - thinking I can get a better portable unit with an optional AC plug - like those baby listeners .
 Ordered this to use in the garage but it only has static on it , cant even use it in the house , there is too much static to hear anything , I am very disappointed in this I wasted my money on this .
 The echo , static and background noise on this thing are so bad you can hardly hear what the other end is saying . We tried to call the HELP line phone number printed on the box but it has the wrong hours for business , the recording says that `` technical support '' is available only to their own staff and employees , and if you try to speak with someone you get a recording saying they 'll call you back in a day or two . So it 's a bad , made-in-China product , carrying the Westinghouse brand , half-supported by a company called Linear , with no user assistance . Bad news all the way around .
 I could n't re-box this and return it fast enough ! . I could barely get this piece of junk to communicate between two rooms in my very modest sized house . I read somewhere before purchasing this that it had a 1500 ' range . What a joke ! The pictures deceptively fail to show the power cord . I thought I was buying `` wireless . '' My kid 's Lego walkie talkies out perform this communication device 10 to 1 . Do n't waste your time or money on this .
 Purchased this desk for a small apartment . It met my needs at the time but it is over priced for what you get .
 Purchased this desk for a small apartment . It met my needs at the time but it is over priced for what you get .
 I ordered a switch . They sent me an empty box for a rock speaker . Not like rock n roll , but like a stone - their ordering system is obviously FUBAR . Avoid EEK Technology unless you like hassle , extra emails , and problems .
 DO NOT buy this chair . I purchased it in late August . Less than 1 month later , it was falling apart . The company , TaxiMarket , refused to replace the chair . They were only willing to send parts . More of the chair broke . I contacted the company - they will not reply to my emails . I have pictures of the chair if you 'd like to see them . The wheels are bent . The footrest broke . The back spine is so cheap that you sit on the chair and almost fall off the back.This is the worst purchase I 've ever made , and the manufacturer provides horrible customer service . I strongly suggest against purchasing this chair . Do so at your own risk .
 At first this pocket dictionary appears to work , but given time it develops vertical lines that make it difficult to read and there is nowhere to send it for repair . Save your money .
 Save your money . I have had this item for about 2 years and the screen has gone away . Sharp gave me a number of a repair shop that will replace the screen for $ 60.00 plus shipping . Wow what a deal ! I will never buy SHARP again . This item was used occasionally and was never abused.John Thompson , Port Charlotte , Florida
 Worked while under warranty . I got 1 year more . Did not abuse and used occasionally while reading . Received about 1.75 years of use . Take this into account when evaluating . From the reviews on Amazon others have had this problem .
 The E500 which is not sold in the USA has 355,000 definitions . The US model is a stripped down version and has 105,000 fewer words . I often ca n't find the word I am looking for in the American version , why they do n't sell the better model here is a mystery to me.If you do n't mind settling for less words , this product is still better than any other in the electronic dictionary category , especially the Franklin series .
 I can not imagine why anyone would want this dumbed-down version of the PW-E500 which is being sold -LRB- I was informed by Sharp -RRB- only in the UK and Australia . I think that we Americans are being cheated . The 550 has only 2/3 of the vocabulary definitions and completely lacks the Oxford Dictionary of Quotations.The PW-E500 has : * Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- 355,000 words , phrases , and definitions -RRB- * New Oxford Thesaurus -LRB- 600,000 synonyms & antonyms -RRB- * Oxford Dictionary of Quotations -LRB- 5th Edition -RRB- -LRB- 20,000 quotations and 3,200 authors comprehensively indexed - Name , Keyword Search , Themes , etc -RRB- * Crossword Solver -LRB- if you have , for example , A_i_on _ , type ? into the blank spaces like so - A?i?on ? - hit Enter and the options alimony and Arizona appear -RRB- * Anagram Solver -LRB- type in `` Listen '' and inlets , silent , tinsel , enlist all appear . Type in `` Bowel '' and bowel below elbow appears - an anagrammatic sentence of anatomical correctness . Love that discovery ! -RRB- * History Key -LRB- keeps track of 30 items most recently accessed -RRB- * Zoom Key -LRB- permits 2 text sizes , should you misplace your specs -RRB- * Calculator -LRB- 12-digit , fully functional , with memory calculation -RRB- * Currency & Metric Converter functions * Power -LRB- 200 hours on one AAA battery -RRB- ... and more
 The dictionary is great . The product life is short before the screen fails , and the support is nonexistent , even if you are willing to pay for it . I 've wasted my money on two of these that are now useless . Do n't waste yours .
 I have owned a few electronic dictionaries over the yrs . and this one is alright . The cost is too much , cheaper electronic dictionaries have word games , this one do n't . Had it for a little over a year and I thought the battery was bad . Replaced it and still nothing !! So it 's broke . I have some older cheap ones still around , guess I 'm going back to them ... Think about this , if it was waterproof I still would n't buy it . I say this cause I use this dictionary outdoors alot . . Junk , do n't buy !
 This was such an awesome electronic dictionary . But it randomly stopped working after about a year and a half . Similar to other reviews where this has happened , the screen just randomly went blank . After fiddling with the battery , the screen would come on asking me if I wanted to initialize , then it would go blank again if I touched it wrong . I think it 's some kind of issue with the battery compartment , who knows . Considering that the exact same thing has happened to other reviewers , I 'm guessing this is a fairly common occurrence for anyone who has used this product for over a year . It 's a well designed dictionary , but it 's just not built to last .
 Crap , do n't buy it , wasted money , LCD display is having problem , hard to read anything within six months.This product is useless . Sharp should do something to rectify this problem .
 The product is really good . And easy to use.The only problem that will make you mad after getting in love with this product is that it does n't last more than a year and half -LRB- let 's say I am an average user -RRB- . Really , I bought first one and after a year the LCD was not functioning good and I hardly read the text , then I bought another one it lasted only for a year and half for the same problem - the problem is that lines appear on the display where you ca n't read text !! I checked reviews on the internet and some people facing same problem.Although I loved it , but it is so stupid to buy the product for the 3rd time.In brief , if there is a warranty for 3 years for this product , then go for it , otherwise forget it and try 2nd best dictionaries - in my opinion - `` Franklin SCD-2100 '' which in some site rated number 1 . Both have same price .
 UPDATEAfter I wrote my initial review , I began having problems with this unit , Namely , lines going up and down on the screen that obscure part of the page I 'm working on . As you might imagine , this is unacceptable . I had n't dropped it , so I have to assume that after a period of time that this is a defect that plagues this series of Sharp electronic dictionary . It is quite a shame because this was an excellent electronic dictionary . I 've had to lower my rating from 5 stars to 2 stars because it is still usable - to a degree . Sometimes , I can turn it on and there are no lines . However , since there is no rhyme or reason as to when I get the lines or I get a clear screen , it is just not dependable . In the interim , I have purchased a Speaking Franklin dictionary that I reference below in my original review . In addition , Sharp has no interest in repairing this unit - at least not for a reasonable price . It would cost me almost as much to repair this unit as I originally purchased it for . quite a while ago . So if you are considering purchasing one of these units , be aware that after a period of time , you will be left with a device that is unreadable when it gets lines up and down its screen.Original ReviewThe Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic DictionarySharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic Dictionaryis THE electronic dictionary to have in your reading and writing arsenal . This small electronic powerhouse draws on 3 reference resources
 I HAVE BOUGHT TWO OF THESE IN THE PAST FIVE YEARS . THE REASON
 I bought this unit about a year and a half ago , and soon could n't understand how I ever lived without it . The dictionary is quite complete -- I have n't had to go to my OED but maybe once or twice since getting it . The definitions tend to be on the terse side , but not ridiculously so.The thesaurus is just okay , but I 've been spoiled by my vintage 1957 Roget 's , which is SO much better than what they slap that name on these days.So why the negative review ? After a year and a half of being my trusty writing desk sidekick it just quit . Would n't turn on , would n't do anything . New battery and jabbing the reset doohickey do nothing . Naturally the warranty is only for a year . If this was a $ 15 item I 'd grumble and get another one , but at $ 80 I shudder to think what my cost per lookup came out to!Now I ca n't live without one of these little gadgets , but I 'll be trying a different brand . Hope I can find one that 's as good as this and actually lasts awhile !
 I bought this product from Amazon . This dictionary lasted less than six months . It began to have lines and blank spaces on the screen . At first I thought it was the battery . Dind ' t help when I put new ones in . And then the thing went completely blank and nothing I did brought it back . Why is Amazon selling this defective product ? I have read other reviews that have mentioned this occurence with the dictionary.OK ... so I call Sharp Industries . They no longer make this dictionary but if I send them my proof of purchse they will look into it . I did and have n't heard back , even with my repeated emails.So ... if you are reading this review , be warned . The product is defected and a waste of your money . It cost too much to be this bad .
 I was completely satisfied with this dictionary for the first two years . Then , the display quickly deteriorated into vertical lines which eventually obliterated the information , making it impossible to read , and thus totally useless to me . Very disappointed . But I should have known ; this has happened with every Sharp product I have ever owned ! Shame on me ! Never again will I buy Sharp !
 I have bought one for my daughter a year ago at a ransome prise than at it is at present and just in 6 month 's or less the letters from the screen started evaporating . I thought it is because of the batteries so I changed the one and still the problem persisted and now it is just beyond readable condition . I have always known the sharp are the best in Electronics but this is my first experience with Sharp so bad May be it is because this one was made in china .
 While the E550 is a good dictionary it 's crossword puzzle functions leave a lot to be desired . Most crossword clues are two or three words which the E550 will allow -LRB- phrase search -RRB- but always the search comes up empty . In working with Sharp 's customer service they admitted the E550 can only be used for the easiest of puzzles . I would agreeThe dictionary lookups were quite good . However , there were some strange quirks no only in definitions but displaying similar words.To me the E550 is outdated both in function as well as the display . The LCD is okay but would be significantly better if it had a color display like most cell phones have . I definitely would pay extra for a color display that has more resolution.I would not recommend the E550 . It 's is in need of an upgrade .
 I bought this dictionary about two years ago . I used it three to four times a month to look up word definitions while reading in bed . That works out to less than two hours of total use time over the two years . One day it worked fine and the next time I turned it on there were multiple thick vertical lines going through the entire display . It looked like hieroglyphics - totally unreadable . I changed the battery but that did n't correct it . The bottom line is that this dictionary cost me about $ 30 an hour to use before it bit the dust . I 'm going to buy a different electronic dictionary and look up the work ` junk ' . I would n't be surprised if the first definition is ` Sharp ' .
 Had this for about two years . The product is great . This is better than similarly priced Franklin products . However , blank vertical lines started appearing . This makes the screen hard to read .
 I have actually had three of these . I purchased the initial one for my son . After a couple years it developed lines across the screen similar to dead pixels that made the words illegible . I assumed this was a fluke and ordered two more , one as a replacement , for my son , and another as a gift for my sister . One of these went bad after about nine months and the other after a year . Same problem . I packaged these two up and sent them back to Sharp asking what they could do . I never heard anything back from them . A nice device when it works , but too much money for a product with such a short life from a company with no product support .
 I had this for a few years and all of a sudden the screen went kaflooie . I was going to buy another but now recall the price I paid for it . No way . I 'll get something cheaper .
 I liked this very much but it went out of order after two years -- LCD Display lines . Some say that I am lucky to be able to use it a little more than two years . I want to buy it one more time but I am afraid to do so due to concern over its durability . I wish other electronic companies produced a model with oxford flatform asap . I recommend you not to buy it -- for now , i just rely on online dictionary .
 Until today I would have given this product 5 stars in every area . However the product completely stopped working today . I tried the reset button which I had to do often . Today it did not work . I checked the batteries -- no luck.I remember when I purchased this electronic dictionary . I read the review . I almost did not buy it because another customer had it die in a year . I wish I would have listened.JAC
 Like other reviews for this product , so sad that a functional unit that my children got used to decided to quit after 14 months . New battery did nothing , re-set nothing . I researched all of these other posts and realize I 'm a victim of the death of the product after a year like others . Going to look for another brand .
 I gave this item a glowing review when I got it in July 2010 . In fact I bought a second one.Well one year later , 21 days after the warrantee ran out , I get a series of about fifteen vertical lines which renders the screen useless . Now I 'm just waiting for the other one to fail .
 I did n't see these reviews prior to purching my PW-E550 . If I had I would not have . Of course if you only need it for 1 year , or you think It , s cheap enough that you do n't mind replacing it after about 1 year than buy it , it does the job very well , until it fails ; and it will fail !
 I bought the first unit and really liked it . However a little after two years , the LCD screen quit . I thought , because of so many good reviews about this product , maybe I am unlucky to have a defective one . So , I bought another one from amazon.com , the same thing happened again
 I previously had a Sharp Pw E300 . This was the best dict/crossword aid I have ever had.So much contained in so small a body . When it died -LRB- broke down -RRB- I immediately looked for another Sharp and purchased one through you . This dict/crossword aid seems to contain about 10 % of my previous one . Really disappointing
 Loved it when it worked . Return twice , in one year , to SHARP rep for replacement . Third one is now dead and I ca n't be bothered to pursue getting it repaired or replaced .
 Although this dictionary is quite good , it 's simply too inconvenient to use and too expensive to own.A better option is a dictionary toolbar , which can currently be downloaded free . -LSB- ... -RSB- The toolbar provides instant lookup of an English word without opening a dictionary or going to a dictionary website . It shows word definiton in a popup box when the word is entered into a textbox or when a word on a web page is clicked and hightlighted . What a convenience !
 This Sharp PW-E550 is a good buy . I bought it elsewhere . I 've owned it for about 4 months . I use it heavliy for crossword puzzles . When turned on it activates at the last menu used . For instance , if you were in `` crossword solver '' mode , that 's where it opens.There are some words that were not in the dictionary . For example , `` Lapin '' . This word was not in crossword or dictionary mode . Lapin is rabbit fur for one definition . Also another was `` fleawort '' . This is a plantain for one definition.However you could use `` wort '' alone and figure this out.On one occasion there was a word that I entered spelled incorrectly . The dictionary brought up word re-spelled but there was no explanation . I do n't know if there were alternate spellings . Most of the time it does indicate this fact.Overall , I am satisfied with this Sharp dictionary . I have changed the battery once with no problems . There is a switch on the unit you turn off when changing the battery . Easy . The directions are engraved on the bottom near the battery holder.If it holds up it will have been and excellent purchase.UPDATE
 I purchased this item two years ago new , and the screen has already gone out . There are several invisible -LRB- no pixels -RRB- vertical lines across the screen , so definitions are not readable .
 Display of this Sharp PW-E550 after 1 year started having blank vertical lines and now is unreadable . Sharp is selling it for many years and did nothing to improve it - the same problem is described in many other reviews -LRB- I recommend reading them -RRB- . So , my take is , that Sharp knowingly is selling the product that lasts only few weeks longer than its warranty.My advice to prospect buyers is
 I received this item as a gift in December . Now in August the display is beginning to deteriorate . My Dad and Uncle also each have one and are having the same problem . I contacted sharp , and they only have a one year warranty . While mine will be under warranty my Dad 's and Uncle 's will not , as they have had it for over one year . -LRB- One and a half years -RRB- . It seems something costing this much should last a LOT longer . I have 20 year old calculators that still work.While this has a wealth of info , I would never buy again because of the screen . That and sharp does not stand behind their product . I am very disappointed !!
 Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic DictionaryDecember 22 , 2009 is when I put this powerhouse to work and Oct. 10 2011 is when I got my first vertical row of blank pixels . I have checked out the other reviews and rows of missing pixels are the norm with this model . This dictionary is so good some people recommend shelling out another $ 70 knowing what will usually happen in 2 years . It was such a useful tool I spent some time looking for an easy fix and I may have found it . The problem is likely due to a poor ribbon cable connection that becomes loose from normal use . The solution would be to reconnect it by exposing the ribbon cable and then solder the ribbon cable connection . Here is the link and the actual comment instructions that I am going to use for my quick fix.JMARTIN40 `` I used the hex head of a small electronics screwdriver and heated the head with a candle . Obviously the head has to be very smooth . I used the edge of the hex head and ran it down the connector of my calculator . It cools fairly quickly so you have to keep reheating it . It 's like using an old fashioned iron you heat in the fireplace.I filled the screen with 8s and did a calculation to fill all of the display elements . I ran my finger nail along the connection to see which part of the ribbon affected what part of the screen so I knew where to iron each time . `` UPDATE ********** Just tried the above and it would have worked if the damn thing did not have 2 internal ribbon cables !! The lcd display has a total of 4 ribbon cables two of which are easily accessible on the left and right sides but the cable to the right would have to be completely unsoldered to get to the other two internal ribbons at the bottom of the display . Well I did all of this work to get back one vertical line of pixels , because having precise tools to study with is important to me . Anyways , I have a dictionary for sale now , half price!UPDATE >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> > Now that I have thought about it more the reason why the pixels go out is because of frequently opening from the left right or bottom areas of the screen . Those areas are extremely sensitive being where those four ribbon cables are located . If I had been opening it from the top of the screen as it was made to be opened I probably would have been fine . The reason I think this is because when I opened up the backing to the screen there was actually a metal brace reinforcement along the top area of the screen , which means opening along that top portion should evenly distribute the weight in the long run . My advice to you is sell the one you have if you have n't used it properly buy a new one and always open it along the top edge of the screen . I bought another one but thought hard about dropping the extra cash for the Seiko ER9000 which is made of aluminum , but is twice the price with 355,000 definitions and uses Fowler 's Modern Usage which is not reviewed as good as the E550 use of Gardner 's Modern Usage.In addition to opening and closing from the top I decided to go with an aluminum traveling case that has a waterproof seal which might prove useful . Here is one similar to mine but check the dimensions to make sure it will work out for you.Adventurer Aluminum Survival Kit BoxAll in all this gets one star because of the cheap plastic construction , however the ergonomics with the 255,000 definitions on tap weighty thesaurus and highly reviewed Gardner 's grammar are the main reasons for dealing with this sketchy plastic again .
 Too big to hold in one hand . Display light is poor and hard to read . Buttons are in wrong sequence and not easy to use . Keyboard is stiff and require too much pressure to be effective . Menu is complicated and require a lot of memorizing .
 the sharp used electronic word dictionary was not working when arrived , i was to be given credit back to the credit card used.Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary
 Bought this product even after being warned by other reviewers , but thought I would take a chance . I saw the first blank line vertically after about 6 months , then 2 blank lines a month after that . Now 9 months later , it is completely unusable . Too many blank vertical lines make reading anything on the screen impossible .
 I had these files in my office from a previous purchase form a local vendor , but could n't locate them anymore for my HR dept so I purchased a hundred throughAmazon . This order was a poor quality . I have to re-glue every folder . Very disappointed since I really like the print on the cover of the folders .
 Bought this in June . It 's September , and 3 wheels have broken off . Total junk , do n't waste your time . Just spend the extra $ 30 and get a good one .
 I was surprised when the tube was delivered because it looked so nice and new and clean in your picture . Alas , the tube I received had been used at least twice . First by Amazon to ship it to me , and second by at least one other user who neglected to remove the previous bar codes but who did indeed remove what looked to be pieces of tape that were holding on the end caps , leaving me with a dirty , worn out tube with torn cardboard on both ends in the shape of shipping tape . It would have been nice to know that the tube you were selling me was used . If I did n't need it immediately , I would return it . I can only hope that it holds up to one more shipment . Very disappointed Amazon !
 Like said in other reviews , this arrived in a super bulky box and was dented , scratched , and torn . So not worth it , I want my money back !!!!
 The mailing tube arrived in a ridiculously large box that seemed extremely wasteful and unnecessary . In addition to that , the tube was completely tattered and dented on one side so the plastic cap could n't even be secured into the tube . I would have sent this back but , unfortunately , we needed this for something ASAP and had to make due with the damaged tube . I was very disappointed and would not recommend this product or vendor .
 The tape is paper , but due to being self-stick tape , the surface is shinny to the tape does not stock to itself and thus can not be easily written on , which was the purpose for my buying the paper tape . Not a manufacturer problem , just not what I was expecting for paper tape .
 it broke straight away !!!!!! its stupid coz it kept saying ` dont count on it ' ugh i HATED it why did my parents buy it ????????????????????????????????????????????
 I bought this to give at our family ` white elephant ' gift exchange thinking it would be kind of fun . You ca n't read the answers because the blue juice it 's floating around in is too dark . I 'd send it back . That 's what I 'm going to do now ...
 I did n't listen to the people about poor quality . Bad decision on my part . I received it and it was leaking blue liquid all over the box and did n't work at all . It 's not worth the hassle of returning , but it 's trash and wo n't be the stocking stuffer I had planned . How disappointing ! Learn from my mistake and know there 's a risk of it arriving in useless condition .
 I was so excited to get this key chain because I 've always loved the magic eight ball . Imagine my dismay when I realized my eight ball was stuck . No matter the question , my answer was `` ask again later . '' Shortly after receipt , my eight ball leaked blue dye -- just like most of the other reviews .
 I dislike this toy because you can view a minimum of 6 answers at a time . The flat side should be facing up but instead the corner is stuck up so you can not clearly read it . Bad deal .
 I have had the same experience as other reviewers -- battery life reduces to minutes over a few months of use . I suspect that the problem is that the NiCD battery they supply is extraordinarily vulnerable to the dreaded `` memory effect '' -LRB- I 've had cordless phones with NiCD batteries in the past and have never seen battery problems like this -RRB- . If you routinely return the battery to the charging cradle before the phone complains that the battery is low , you will get to buy a new battery twice a year or more . The user 's manual that comes with this phone does not warn you of the severity of this problem.I called Panasonic customer service about this . Despite the fact that they admitted the user 's manual does n't warn the user adequately about this problem , they refused to refund the purchase price of the phone or replace the battery . They just lost a customer . And I absolutely do * not * recommend this phone . Yes , it 's cheap , but there are plenty of other cheap phones on the market -- why saddle yourself with a pennywise and pound-foolish headache if you or someone in your family forgets the strict protocol for dealing with this phone 's fragile battery ?
 PROS :1 . Nice size handset is easy to hold , and eliminates backgroundnoise amplification of smaller handsets .2 . Good size buttons make dialing easy .3 . Easy to read display is a help.CONS :1 . Panasonic is notorious for short battery charge , and this modelis no exception . Max of 36 hours in standby , and dischargesrapidly when you use it .2 . Very short low battery warning . It can go from first warningbeep to dead in under a minute .3 . Sound quality is only fair . Picks up lots of interference , butnot as bad as the 2.4 ghz that it replaced .4 . Factory set ring which is set so low that the phone ca n't beheard unless you are near it .5 . Durability is not good . Have had it for 10 months , and forover a month the charger has not worked right . Soon to head tothe landfill.If you do n't use this phone much , this model may work . If you area heavy user , due to battery problems , it will be useless .
 The reception was great but I had to buy 3 different batteries over the course of a year . It would sit on the base unit all night , I 'd make one call and it would be out . I would also have to shake the phone sometimes for it to receive a signal . Not a great phone .
 Reception is great , usually interferes though when another 900 MHZ phone of another brand is picked up of a different phone line anywhere in the house but changing the frequency fixes it . The battery however is poor , at best , bad . Use it for one call and within less than a minute after the Low Battery Beep , phone is dead .
 Battery quit holding a charge right after the manufacturer 's warranty expired . I found the audio quality and reception to be less than average overall . I wish I had done more research before choosing a phone . Gave it two stars because it worked ok for a few months .
 After a couple years use , the speaker is shot . Phone still dials and receives but I hear only dead silence . Not built to last and cheaper to buy a new - and different - phone than to fix . Also battery sucks .
 I have two of these phones . Both started out with decent battery life , but after 6 months of use , the phones can hardly maintain a charge . I did follow their initial battery charge instructions completely , but that certainly does not seem to help.Needless to say , I am looking for alternatives .
 I did not like the look or size of this stand when it arrived . It was bigger than I expected and took up too much of my desk . I returned it right away .
 To big , slightly too tall , and two of the rubber pegs on the bottom came out .
 I ALWAYS buy Avery stuff to use , and thought it would just be easier to get it on Amazon rather than go to the office supply store . I did not get the blue and yellow package , I received two beat up off-white packages -LRB- that looked like they 'd been opened before and with tattered corners -RRB- with EVERYTHING labeled in Spanish . Then when I opened them , they were n't heavyweight at all . They were flimsy and barely thicker than a regular piece of paper . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THESE TO ANYONE , perhaps if they were the actual ones that I thought I was getting I could rate them higher.Here is the link that amazon provided for the item
 First off -- you 're paying for quality card stock . But the results do n't look that great.Second -- again you are paying for quality -- the tears are not that that neat . You have to go back and tear off little pieces small enough to be hard to grip.Third -- let 's see a three by five card on 8.5 x 11 sheet . You could put four on this and they only have three . You throw away a lot of paper -- and get 25 % fewer cards.In summation , you are paying too much . I 'm buying a paper cutter .
 Hi , it may just be me but when I read the words `` Heavyweight Cards , '' I thought I could use them for postcards -LRB- I 'm entering a sweepstakes and planned to put stamps on them and mail them individually . But , I opened the package a few mins ago and just so you know the paper is pretty thin . So thin that when you hold up a single sheet the whole thing just flops over and bends very easily.I guess if you 're just using these for personal use at home for recipes of something they will do , but they do n't seem to be for mailing . Big waste .
 They mailed me the wrong items and have n't given me any respond after I sent them the email to complain .
 This was a reorder and I am completely satisfied except that I would like it if you could make the cards in a Matte finish also
 It is very hard to find quarter fold paper for computer greeting cards . I was very excited to find this on-line . I like the paper quality , but the paper is very thick so when you fold the pages , even though they are scored , they are clumsy and show paper rips at the fold . Sometimes I put a piece of scotch tape on the inside so they will not separate after folding where the scoring is .
 I probably should have figured this out before I ordered but now I am returning . This is essentially a package of white , unscored card stock and invitation envelopes . Much cheaper to just buy card stock and a box of invitation envelopes .
 I am a small-business owner that was trying to personalize her gift-certificates using this product . I found the creation of the cards to be extremely time-consuming and frustrating . Once I had a finished product , the program let me save it as a `` read only '' file . When I went to re-open it , I had to search the web to find the Avery print-from-home page that would allow me to browse my computer and find my project -LRB- even with Avery Software installed on my computer -RRB- . Multiple times , after I had made changes and clicked the NEXT button , nothing would happen , and I would have to click the back button on the upper left hand side of my screen . Then , when the project FINALLY reloaded -LRB- if it reloaded -RRB- I had lost everything I had done ! ARGH ! Frustrating ! My computer and internet is running perfectly , so I can not blame this issue on that . I can only imagine this is an Avery issue . I have found websites where I can have custom gift certificates made for less than a dollar apiece . I hope there is such a thing for those of you looking to make cards , because this is NOT the route I would ever go again . Best of luck to all .
 I have been making cards for about 20 years , and have YET to figure out WHY someone does n't make lighter weight good quality matte finish paper for quarter fold cards . What I find myself doing is making the outside of the card with card stock and using regular paper for the inside -LRB- glued in -RRB- . It works well , but does require a little bit more work than I 'm sometimes willing to put in.That being said , I have no problem with the actual quality of the product other than it 's WAY TOO heavy for quarter folds . Had it not be scored to fold in quarters , I 'd have been able to keep the cards and use them for other projects . As it is , the package is going back.I might add , that I purchased this product foolishly thinking the weight might be lighter , as I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who has this issue.It is going back !!
 This product was quite a disappointment . Avery markets this as heavyweight postcard stock , but it is no such thing . Even two pieces held together would not equal an average postcard . I suppose that I can forgive the perforated edge , but it nevertheless gives the cards a decidely low-budget look.Caveat Emptor .
 I 've used other postcard forms and they worked fine . Maybe it 's the weight of the paper on this one , but it would n't feed through my printer 's feed AT ALL . Okay , one sheet fed through . I feel like I just threw that money away , and it was going to be for marketing postcards for my book . Does n't work on Brother multifunction units . Do n't spend the money .
 If these did n't peel off regularly , this would be a fantastic product . However , about half of these peel off after a few weeks of being on tabbed files .
 The label is more like frosted , not clear ... probably ok for use on white , but on my candle jars where the candles are bright colors , it looks terrible -LRB- see photos -RRB- .
 File drawer has rollers rather then slides with bearing . Lack of space between drawers results in rubbing and rapid loss of surface finish/paint . Overall I was not pleased with the quality of construction . Found out this model is no longer made and would recommend mobile pedestal from HON 's Flagship line as it has ball bearing slides . Found a local supplier who quoted a lower price for the Flagship Pedestal and would not require paying for shipping .
 This is for light colored shirts , otherwise the product is good , Quality is great . I ordered this item and had it verified after calling customer service . The product ships from Avery and the item number for the item is for the 12 sheet , light colored shirts . When trying to find one for dark shirts , every transfer package , including Joanne fabrics came up as light t-shirt transfers.Avery 3279 Inkjet Dark T-Shirt Transfers -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000JCUCKC Avery Dennison Personal Creations Dark T-Shirt Transfers , 5 Iron-on Inkjet 8.5 '' x 11 '' Matte Transfers .
 Had very bad service so I sent the product back was never refunded money !
 I tried several iron-ons . They go on easily enough , but crack almost immediately when you 're wearing them . small or large ; does n't matter the size . I followed the directions carefully and even timed the ironing down to the second . Does ' t matter -- they crack ! JUNK , and a waste of money . Now I have ruined T 's . One shirt I actually washed -- it was ruined anyway -- and the stuff flaked off in the washer . Same thing happens to HP transfers , according to the reviews . It could be the ink in the printers are n't compatible ? Reason why some are okay and some not ? Do n't know but they need to put that on the package to warn people !
 I am REALLY not impressed with this item ! I was completely optimistic that I 'd work out the kinks over 5 test sheets , but it still did not work out like the sheet said . I followed the instructions very carefully and to the T , but it still did not work . I 'm quite glad that I used a bedsheet to test this product out on , instead of my yellow t-shirts !!! Not all of the lettering did not stick , and had white in between the letters . It would be a pain to cut around each letter if I were to make the 14 t-shirts for my Relay for Life team , and even then , there would be no guarantee that all of the letters would stick.Unfortunately , I will have to use fabric paint to make my t-shirts . I had hoped this would have worked , because I would have liked the shirts to look professional , but now they will clearly look hand-made .
 the company sells two main products for this area , dark color and light colors ... for dark color is basically a sticker that you print , and peel , then iron on , printout on front , peeled side back sticking to shirt ; for light , it is printed in reverse , no peeling , you iron the printed side directly to the shirtin theory , great idea , but one thing is they should first rename the products , dark should be simply iron on stickers , and light should be iron on transparent print out ; because that ` s really what you are doing ... if you printed an image with a white background , and let ` s say you iron this to a light green shirt , then background would stay white for DARK , and be transparent for the LIGHT product . . hope this is making senseanyways , the reason for the horrible rating is because the LIGHT product bleeds ink after the first wash , and everything is cracked and crinkled ; i looked online , tried everything , called support , they were cool , sent another package to try again ; ok , so i take my ruined shirt and try the back side this time , iron it on , looks great , let it sit one day , wash inside out , comes out cracked and bleeding b4 i decide to hang dry or tumble drysave your money , get the DARK product , its more expensive , but it works
 Avery did a very poor job on their instructions . They do n't tell you which side of the paper to print on . Well , I ended up printing on the wrong side and when I placed my iron down on the transfer paper , I started to smell burning . It was the glue side ! So that iron is completely ruined -LRB- has burnt glue crusted on it . -RRB- Advice
 I so regret buying these laminating sheets ! First off it says you get 50 sheets so I thought that meant it would be enough to laminate 50 sheets of paper front/back -LRB- Like most other laminating self adhesive products -RRB- . But you get 50 ONE SIDED sheets - enough to cover 25 sheets front/back . The film is also thin and bends very easy and is not super clear . I guess I just got spoiled by Scotch 's laminating sheets where one sheet covers the front/back of what you are laminating and is very thick , sturdy and clear . Will never buy this again !
 As far as the quality of this product goes , it is excellent , like most Avery products . It works as advertised , is easy to apply , and is far cheaper than a laminating machine.However , the box I ordered did not contain 50 sheets ! Instead it had 49 , and I was left unable to finish my project , which required all 50 sheets be used.Amazon replaced the box easily enough , but the second box also only contained 49 sheets . I decided to open a third box that I had ordered , and it contained only 48 sheets ! This is terrible quality control.I called Avery and they are replacing the third box `` with a box that contains 50 '' sheets , but I 'll be sure to count that box when it arrives too .
 About 1/3 of the sheets jammed in my printer . Never had issues printing any other type of labels on it . I believe it is due to the easy tear backing on the sheets themselves .
 How difficult can it be to make a plastic storage clipboard ? Apparently pretty hard . The main folder meant to hold standard letter size paper pushes the paper out into the plastic clasp , crushing it when closed . The same folder also makes it more challenging to get the clipboard to close for carrying correctly . I like the compartments in the bottom , but that main folder is a deal-breaker . I paid far too much money for something that ca n't even perform a simple job .
 We bought this to hold 8.5 x11 work orders for our technicians in the field . Simple enough request , that is what it is advertised to do . THEY DON `` T FIT !!!! You ca n't close the lid with normal sized sheet of paper in it . Really , they made a clipboard for holding paper , that you ca n't close with paper in it ? This is ridiculous . What a waste of plastic . Do not buy this if you plan on using it with normal paper.Additionally , the workmanship is poor . The internal divider come out if you try to access the compartments underneath it . We will be returning these ASAP .
 Hard to open due to it sticking at the top or bottom outer corner . Clip to keep close does n't stay clipped from day 1 causing stuff to be able to slide out from the corner that is n't stuck closed . Also internal organizer does n't stay in place like it should . I ended up returning this the day I got it . Horrible design .
 Parts do not fit together properly , so it is always a problem to open it . Got ta pull and tug . Guess I got a bad one . With the price , not worth returning .
 I recieved the box of 12 markers . They write very lightly as if they had already been used for 2 weeks or dried out . The hassle to return them is not worth it . I was very disappointed with this product . I was also disappointed at the steps I would have to take to return it .
 I ordered these pencils for a Christmas gift for my 9 year old son who LOVES to draw . The packaging is NOT even close to what is pictured . Wanted a reasonably priced set of pencils that let him know how supportive we are of his love of drawing ... this package says your pencils were an after thought . Hopeing that the pencils themselves are as nice as what other reviewers have stated .
 The item pictured is in no way representative of the item delivered . Amazon would serve its customers better by ensuring that manufacturers do not provide misleading marketing images -LRB- I am , of course , assuming that Amazon is not providing these images -RRB- . I will keep the pencils as they are a Christmas gift , and I do n't have time to return and reorder something that turns out to be wrong ... again . I have had good experiences with Amazon before , but this one makes me question any additional purchases I might make .
 I paid extra for this product because I thought it had a wooden case , I should have read reviews . Pencils are fine but the clear plastic case broke the moment it was opened . I could have paid less and recieved the same product . The decribtion clearly says wooden case not cheap plastic case you will have to throw away after opening . Even picture shows different case . I should have read reviews .
 I am very disappointed with the product I received since it is different than what was pictured . The pencils came in a clear plastic case that will crack very easily . I will be returning these .
 Beware when it states Woodcase Pencils it means the pencil lead is encased in wood ... hmmm ... silly me i thought i was paying for a wood case and paid more for that accent . Received a paper case of pencils.PRISMA PENCIL SCHOLAR 24/SET
 Got these pencils earlier this week . Used them once , but they kept breaking . Every time I would sharpen them , the lead would simply break . One pencil even split in half as soon as I layed it down on the paper . Got fed up and layed them down , promising to write this review later so others would n't make the same mistake . These are terrible quality and it 's a shame Prismacolor would even sell these . I feel I got ripped off .
 The picture of this item is completely different from what I recieved . I recieve a small plastic package not the wooden/cardboard one pictured . I was very disappointed and promptly returned them
 I used to think tack was very great for keeping up posters at school . I tried to use this tack to hang up the posters in my room and not only did it mark up my posters , the tack kept falling off and was difficult to spread . Granted , the room was very humid . I only used one strip and threw the rest away .
 So it says poster tack but all it 's good for is holding up those glow in the dark stars . That 's what I originally bought it for , and it does that great , but when I tried to put posters up with it , it does n't work . I have one poster where I put the tack on each corner , down the sides , in the middle , everywhere , and still it falls . It will hold for a while , sometimes days at a time , but eventually it falls off . It sticks to the poster and sticks to the wall , but not to itself . It 's very frustrating when I wake up and all of my posters have fallen for the umpteenth time .
 I bought this for my daughter to use in her dorm room . It did not hold her posters on the wall at all . Might be ok for smaller things , like photos .
 PRO- new kind of adhesiveCON - it does n't work - residue on the wallsDESCRIPTIONOne of my coworkers mentioned he had a project in Australia where blue tack was the go-to item instead of pinning or taping items to the wall during meetings , so I decided to buy Elmer 's Poster Tack instead of Blu-Tack because it was slightly cheaper . Big mistake . I hung a giant poster to the wall right before I left for work -LRB- placing some tack on each corner -RRB- , and the next morning the poster was lying on the ground because it had fallen down . I tried using the tack on more places , 3 tacks per side , but the poster still fell off , so I finally gave up and taped the poster instead with Scotch Tape . . When removing the tack from the wall , there was still residue that remained and slightly stained the wall blue.I talked with my coworker and he said the brand he thinks he used in Australia was Blu-Tack , so I will try the other brand next time .
 Trying to stick regular paper posters to the walls of my classroom . the walls are both textured and shiny with oil-based paint , and this did n't work AT ALL .
 More like gooey , melter silly putty than the normal poster tack . A total mess to try and peel off and leaves an oil residue on non laminated papers . Yuck !
 This is not the greatest poster tack available . It requires a great amount of kneading before it sticks well , and it is n't that strong . It will hold posters up fine enough , but anything more -LRB- eg a calendar -RRB- would fall off very quickly . The best that I have found is Bostik 's Blu-Tak . It is available on Amazon . It is far superior to any other poster tak I have tried , and I have tried at least 4 different brands .
 Bought this to hang up my kids posters . I hung up 5 posters and 2 remain on the wall . The fallen ones fell within a day but the ones the are still up seem to be holding up well . I would recommend using at minium an entire tack bar for a poster and do n't rely on them being reusable .
 It takes a large amount of kneading to get it to stick in the first place , and when you finally get it up it leaves spots on your wall that can only be painted over . The slightest temperature change makes it lose its adhesiveness , too , causing your posters to constantly fall , occasionally taking a chip of paint with it . All in all , a disappointing product .
 Not strong enough to hold posters or card stock . Leaves blue marks on the walls . I would recommend some other product .
 I bought this after reading the reviews because I thought that it would hold the super thin , light-weight paper that I was trying to tack up ... wrong . I just wanted it to for a short time , hold up my son 's never ending rotation of art work . It failed , they keep falling down .
 You 'll be lucky if you can get a feather to stick to the wall with this garbage . Do yourself a favor and stick with tape so you do n't have things popping off the wall every five minutes . You could use an entire package of this crap and still not get one poster to stick .
 When this product is removed , it leaves a blue stain on the wall that can not be washed off . The same product is available in white , and if you have a white-painted wall that makes much more sense . What good is the blue doing anyway ? The product is meant to be hidden from sight .
 This stuff was terrible . It did n't stick and dried out within days . We used it to put up all our preschooler 's artwork on the walls . By the end of the week all the paper ended up on the floor.Terrible !
 I have had this product for a few years . It seemed at a reasonable price although the handle and the back straightedge piece is a bit bulky with weird designo-curves . The legs are strange and also have useless bulky designer-curves . The box showed a straightedge with both inches and centimeters , a big plus.However this cutter never cuts straight , as the plastic straightedge is at a very small off angle . So I use it only by eyeing the cutting line at the cutting edge itself . If there is something unimportant , I may use the straightedge but this never gives a true 90 degree angle.The problem , I think , is in that when you lift the guilotine knife , it bends and torques the back mechanism . So the unit is n't built solid.Useful for low end projects . Main straightedge in the back is n't straight , resulting in off-angled cuts . I sometimes had ok results with the T-straightedge , but it is a bit flimsy.Numbers cast into the main straightedge are also very hard to read . I wiped a little bit of gesso on my unit so I could read the numbers .
 The cutter looks like it should do a good job , but when in use it falls short in many areas . - cutting edge catches at the top and you have to pull the handle to the right to free from the catch , then return the handle into the base to continue the cut - it cuts crooked on all but the thinnest papers - the cutting edge does not handle even slightly thick paper such as glossy photo paper stock thickness . It pushes the paper instead of cutting it - the cutting arm pivot mechanism is not smooth and it has halting movement as you lower the armSave your money and buy a commercial grade cutter . If I find one that works , I 'll edit this review with the model I bought .
 If this is a heavy-duty paper cutter , I 'd hate to see what X-Acto thinks of as `` light duty . '' This piece of junk ca n't even handle 10 pages without ripping . I suspect that the axle is weak . The flimsy plastic arm does a poor job of holding the blades square against each other , even when that flaw is taken into account . I feel accomplished that I am now able to achieve only 25 % waste when using this product . Considering that color laser prints cost probably $ .10 / each , that 's only 2.5 cents wasted per print ! It adds up to buying something other than X-Acto .
 I just bought this at Staples for $ 35.00 - so if you decide to buy this thing - go there.Situation : I have used this paper cutter to cut 20lb , 25lb , 110lb , 200lb paper and 1/32 '' , 1/16 '' , and even 1/8 '' vinyl tile . Now - you may say `` But it is n't a vinyl tile cutter '' - but keep in mind that VINYL tile -LRB- not ceramic tile -RRB- is easily cut with a pair of scissors -LRB- 1/32 '' thickness -RRB- , heavy duty scissors -LRB- 1/16 '' -RRB- , and tile clippers -LRB- 1/8 '' -RRB- . A heavy duty paper cutter can -LRB- and does -RRB- slice right through most vinyl tile . The hardest to cut vinyl tile is the dark rubber vinyl tile with the glue . The glue tends to make the blade become sticky as well.Good :1 . A bit heavy but not terribly so .2 . Cuts the paper quickly and easily .3 . It can be used to cut vinyl tile .4 . The base is very solid -LRB- the wooden area -RRB- .5 . The legs are solid .6 . If you press down by putting your weight on the blade 's handle - it cuts better than if you pull the handle from the front or bottom.Bad :1 . If you put enough paper into the unit -LRB- or tile -RRB- the blade tends to wobble or even turn . I 'm talking about 1/32 '' tile -LRB- which is the thinest -RRB- is when the blade begins to bend .2 . When the blade is attempting to cut something like 200lb paper or thicker - the rear of the blade begins rising up . I wound up putting a screwdriver into the hold on the side . This stopped the rear of the unit from rising up . However , this concerned me quite a bit . See what I have to say about the Swingline el-cheapo paper cutter which actually worked quite well .3 . The unit tends to move around while you use it . Not like BANG ! it moves - but more like it moves a little every time you use it . The Swingline unit does n't do this .4 . Although it is a heavy duty paper cutter - it tends to stick when you get about 3/4 of the way down the paper -LRB- or tile -RRB- . There is nothing wrong with the blade . I 've tested it without anything . Without anything in the device - it is ok . With something - it tends to stick .5 . I believe if the blade were just a little thicker it would work a lot better .6 . It is hard to tell where the edge of the paper cutter is or where it is going to go . This is because there is a finger guard and the metal where the blade cuts reflects the blackness of the finger guard which makes it harder to tell where the blade will go . Unlike the Swingline paper cutter I have -LRB- the el-cheapo one -RRB- - there is n't any piece of metal near where the blade comes down which acts like a guide and helps you see where the far and near edges are so you get a straighter line.Thoughts :1 . This paper cutter would be a lot nicer if the feet were made of steel since that would give the product more weight . Also , if steel were used for the back part it would not go up and down when you try to cut through cardboard , vinyl tile , or thick paper stacks .2 . I only rate this product two stars because the baseboard is heavy duty particle wood which will stand up to high usage .3 . The blade is too thin and is not adequately supported by the plastic back part . Under high enough stress the back plastic part can and probably will eventually snap causing damage to the user as well as lawsuits to X-ACTO . And no - I do n't mean myself . When I say I am doing vinyl tile - I mean one piece - not the entire box or even two sheets at a time . I do one sheet at a time and the sheets are a maximum of 1/8 '' -LRB- usually 1/16 '' of an inch thick -RRB- . Nor do I even attempt to cut ceraminc , glass , or anything else that is a very hard surfaced material . I use cheap vinyl tile made in China . Go look at the $ 0.30 per sheet tile . That is what I am talking about . Any paper cutter in the world should be able to cut that tile .
 Since this is a brand named cutter , I expected quality . There is a small gap between the blade and base where cutting begins . To cut paper you need to press the blade against the base . After the blade is down a few inches it connects with the base as expected . The cutting arm is connected to the base with plastic making it very flimsy . I would not recommend this cutter for an office environment .
 We have had this paper cutter in our department for awhile now . We avoid it like the plaque . It does n't cut accurately , dots and line are uneven and not properly setup and the actual cut itself it jagged . It 's a shame we did n't take this back when we should of .
 ** BUY THEM FROM AN OFFICE STORE ** i love sharpie . i love the markers.but i think i got an old pack.one marker was dried completely -LRB- i think it was a factory defect . the tip was n't saturated at all -RRB- the other three markers are somewhat dry . they work fine but initially i had to run water over the tips.overall , the quality was bad . but since i needed them i have to keep them.BUY THEM FROM AN OFFICE STORE . you should test them right after you get them , or in the store if possible.i heard from others that many products from amazon are stored in a warehouse.so , get them fresh . not frozen -LRB- or stored -RRB-
 I use black sharpies all day in my job , but I needed ones that would be visible on black coaxial cable . In a 4 pack , not a single one of them worked as they were supposed to . You could barely see what I wrote with them . It should be a solid silver and I 'd describe it more like transparent . Hopefully I just got a bad pack , but I 'm not sure I wish to waste anymore money .
 The markers were dry . I tried all four markers . I just continued to use the one I already had , which fortunately has not run out . I was able to complete my project .
 If you do a lot of work with numbers on a laptop , and , like me , you are much more familiar with a number-pad than with the numbers row of the keyboard , then an external keypad is a huge benefit.Unfortunately this one does not realise the benefits
 I bought this product because I had just bought a beautiful new wireless keyboard for my Mac . The keyboard does not have a numeric keypad on it . In the past , I have never had a problem with Kensington products , but this one would not work to save it 's life , hence I returned it . If you have a Mac , do not think this product is plug and play , because it 's not . I was never able to get it to work . I bought instead a Goldtouch Apple compatible keypad and it worked immediately ... . total plug and play . If you want ease of use , go with the Goldtouch . BTW , Amazon as always was fantastic at taking the gear back and issuing a refund . They 're the best . No questions asked , no equivocations . Hope this helps .
 I kept this thing and it does work as both a calculator and a keypad . However , if left plugged in to the USB port , the battery drains very quickly . I do n't move my laptop very often and wanted to be able to leave the keypad plugged in for any numeric entries I might need . By having to unplug it every time after use , and not be a heavy number cruncher , it is more of a hassle most of the time to attach the unit than to hunt and peck at the top for a few numbers . The keyboard layout is also not nearly as easy to use as the numeric pad on the keyboard that I have from an old iMac . I was able to enter numbers easily with that pad without looking but do not find the same ease of use with this unit . A great disappointment for me although I 'm still using it . The power problem seems to me like an easy fix by simply adding a power on/off button , which it does not have .
 Stapler was unable to punch holes through the number of sheets it is rated for . Jams about 80 % of the time . It got so bad I actually threw it into the trash . Save yourself the hassle , get a power stapler . Power staplers are so inexpensive today there is no reason not to own one .
 There are dozens of Humanscale Freedom task chairs throughout our organization . It is a well made chair except in one aspect . Although the description says `` graphite frame '' leading you to assume high durability , the metal armrest support articulates with the metal chair frame using a PLASTIC connector . The pressure placed on the armrest when rising , lowering or adjusting oneself in the chair eventually results in this weight-bearing plastic part to snap causing the armrest to flop down and expose the sharp edges of the broken piece . This has happened to several people in our office and THREE times to me . After my first break , I adopted an orphan Freedom chair only to have both arms break over the course of six weeks . Humanscale Customer Service has been truly excellent with the repairs but should n't you expect a 100 % graphite frame for TWELVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ? The repair involves replacing plastic with plastic so the inevitable occurs . We have $ 300 chairs that last longer . If you order a Freedom chair without armrests , you 'll have a great chair . -LRB- Dark tight weave fabrics last the best . -RRB- If you need armrests , save yourself the annoyance and buy something else .
 Agree 100 % with CitizenOne . Everything about this chair is wonderful except for the arm rests . First the right broke about a year ago . HumanScale customer service was excellent and sent out a pair of arm rests -LRB- not just the right -RRB- . I guess they knew that the left one would break , too . It did tonight . Fortunately I kept the left arm rest of the pair that HumanScale sent me originally , so I replaced it . At least I was not banging my arm against a sharp object .
 Make sure you read the negative reviews before investing so much money in this product , they are absolutely spot on .1 -RRB- The headrest pushes your neck sharply forward into a deeply uncomfortable position . It hurts to lie back and rest your head to read or work in this chair , despite the fact that it is designed to recline . I want to remove the headrest altogether .2 -RRB- The seat padding is hard and extremely uncomfortable and bruises my behind on regular 7 + hour use . As much as the padding is insufficient , the supposedly ergonomic bowed ` bucket ' - shape of the seat compresses the glutes and thighs into themselves . I recommend adding a soft cushion to try and work around the problem .3 -RRB- As mentioned by others , the arm rests are very poorly designed . Both of mine cracked after a single year of use and finally snapped off the chair completely . And I consider myself to be very careful with my possessions . Additionally , the mechanism for raising and lowering the arm rests became looser and looser through use until it began to sag and no longer support the arms horizontally , making them nigh-on useless .4 -RRB- As others have said , the chair reclines much too easily . Even the slightest backward pressure and you find yourself flying back and lying like you 're in a business-class airline seat . It 's really extremely impractical and very annoying .5 -RRB- The way the back sits in relation to the base means you tend to slide forward in the chair and feel like you 're going to slide right off . You have to keep pushing yourself back into the seat , which becomes tiresome and stressing after a while .6 -RRB- The headrest on mine started to come off because the screws embedded within the headrest pad -LRB- ! -RRB- came loose , leaving a dangerously sharp screw protruding beneath the headrest . And because those screws are embedded within the headrest padding , you ca n't reattach them without literally tearing the headrest material apart .7 -RRB- The supposed 15-year ` warranty ' is a complete nonsense . Try getting a response from Humanscale ! They simply ignore all emails and phonecalls . I even asked to just pay myself for replacement arms , and still received no response . Unbelievable .8 -RRB- I do n't think this chair is as good as many chairs on the market at just 10 % of its price . Its unbelievable they hype and myth they 've managed to build around this badly designed , unergonomic rip-off . I sincerely suggest - at the very least - that you TRY this chair before committing to buying it . I did n't , and I regret that I can never get that money back from this awful product .
 Like the other reviewers , the chair could be great except for the darn arm rests . The adjustable metal arms of the chair have a pressure point that relies on a pair of plastic supports to hold the arm rest in place . Our Architecture & Engineering office is fairly small and we got 6 chairs used about 5 years ago . In that time we have experienced 7 arm rest failures . Given that the chairs are 5 to 10 years old , one would think Humanscale would have designed a fix by now rr at least would have made an easily obtained repair package available . You would be wrong.There ia a joke in our office that Architects design things to look pretty and feel great . Engineers design things to function and last . The best designs are a blend of the two . This chair was designed by an architect.BTW , there is a temporary fix . One can loosen the hex set screw holding pin that used to connect the arm pad to the frame of the chair and take the pin out . With the pin removed , push the arm pads remaining support back into place and replace the pin . The pin has a grove in it , but do n't put adjust the set screw back into it . One has to offest the pin to extend well past the remaining support or the arm rest will slide off . It is not a long term fix . In our small sample , 3 of the arm rest field modified in this way eventually broke all together .
 My wife and I each bought a great office chair for our offices and she bought one brand while I bought a Human Scale chair . After three years , her chair is still perfect while my Human Scale has a number of issues.First , like everyone else replying here , my armrests are broken . What amount of crack was circulating in the design department when they conceived such a wretched idea ? Screwing into plastic that is not all that dense . The parts are not some space age composite or some such . No , just plain old styrene from the looks of things and so the screws rip out and strip the plastic.Also , there are not many real controls on this and while my wife 's chair allows her to adjust many different functions on the chair -- height , lower seat angle and where it sits in relation to the back , where the armrests sit and their angle , lumbar support , back angle , where the headrest sites , etc. , etc. -- my Human Scale chair is at best a mediocre design with few user controlled features.If I could go back and buy something else , I would . But I bought the Human Scale because some friends recommended it . Now we all commiserate our broken armrests along with the others here.And to make matters worse , we bought our chairs back when they sold for nearly double what they sell for now . Ouch .
 This one is going back to the seller . It has a lot of problems . In the first 24 hours I ran into these : The answering machine does n't always hang up after recording a message , which means it starts recording the fast busy signal that indicates the phone is off the hook.The manual is incomplete and entirely inadequate . Note
 I bought this particular phone because it has a lot of the features that I was looking for and I had had some good experiences with Motorola cellular phones . The features work well enough , but , well , the rest of the phone is severly lacking ... As has been noted by more than one reviewer , the speaker quality is surprisingly bad - especially so for a company that has been making communications gear for as many years as Motorola has . I was glad it had a headset jack - I was forced to use quite often.The second annoyance , and the one that made me want to toss the phone onto the bay , was the battery life . After two months of intermittent use , I was finding that the handset batteries were running out after a day . According to the folks that I bought the phone from -LRB- and , yes , I did n't actually RTFM until after I started having problems -RRB- , the handset can not be stored on the base station because it will overcharge the batteries . This was a new one on me . I 've had several wireless phones and this was the first one that had burned batteries this way . To make a very long story short , after long and arduous search , I never found a place that I could buy replacement batteries for this phone . Motorola was n't much help , either.To sum up , I 'm * very * disappointed in this system . I had expected a lot more from Motorola .
 We bought this phone two years ago . While the phone is pretty easy to use and has nice features -LRB- I 've especially enjoyed the handsfree function on the handsets -RRB- , we 've found it to be extremely unreliable . The problems we 've had are listed below : * very short battery life for the handsets * the screen on one of our handsets blanked out after only several months of use * the handsets go `` out of range '' when one takes them only a modest distance from the base -LRB- even though we have the base in the middle of our house , the handsets do n't work at the ends -- and our house is not that big -RRB- * the handsets randomly become `` unregistered '' from the base and have to be reset -LRB- this has only become a problem in the past month -RRB- The issues we 've had with this phone have frustrated us so much that we are now shopping for a new phone -- usually we 'd expect such a purchase to last longer than two years .
 I bought this phone for the great features and because I 've had good luck with other Motorola products . The phones and answering machine are easy to set up but that is about the only redeeming quality that they have . The handsets frequently lose connection with the base unit . The only way to get them working again is to unplug and then replug the power to the base unit which loses the answering machine settings . Range on the handsets is only mediocre , I ca n't talk in the far corners of the house even with the base centrally located . Also , battery life is very limited . Overall the phones are very disappointing and I would definitely recommend not buying them .
 At random times the base station goes insane and all the handsets say `` out of range '' and stop working . The only thing that fixes it is unplugging the base station and taking out its batteries , putting it all back together -LRB- the battery compartment is poorly designed and the batteries do n't want to stay in -RRB- , and reprogramming the current date/time -LRB- which is also tedious -RRB- . Then the handsets all work again ... for a while ... maybe a day , and then it happens all over again.I 'm extremely disappointed in this product and I would n't recommend it to anyone . We 've wasted hundreds of dollars on this , stupidly buying a lot of handsets for it.Motorola , you should be ashamed of yourselves .
 I really liked this phone before I purchased it and during setup . The only minor complain is that the screen does n't light up when you have a call coming in on call waiting , so you ca n't see who is calling when it is dark . Now for the major complaints . First , the voice clarity is horrible . There is some static , but worse is the garbling or interference which causes missed syllables . It sounds like the connection is cutting in and out while you 're talking . I tried moving the phone around the house but nothing improves this . Second major problem is the range . My old 900mhz and 2.4 mhz phones I had allowed me to walk halfway down my block and get reception . I ca n't even make it to the end of my yard with this phone . This phone is definitely lacking in the two most important areas . It is definitely going back to the store .
 I purchased this phone with two additional handsets . The unit is expandable to more handsets , and it has many great features . However , the sound quality is the worst of any portable or cell phone I have ever used . All callers tell me that I sound as if I was in a tunnel . They all say that either my voice is breaking up or that I 'm not clear . Apparently , it goes both ways for I have to strain to hear them , and often I can no understand what they are saying . All three handsets sound equally bad . Relocation of the base unit and/or the handsets does not improve the sound quality .
 The phone sounds clear and is easy to use , but the big problems for me are :1 . The phonebook entries can not be copied to another handset -LRB- even though the manual says they can be , the option does n't show up when using the product -RRB- .2 . There are private phonebooks for each handset , and a shared phonebook that is kept on the base for use with each handset . The shared phonebook does n't give you the option to sort it alphabetically . How dumb is that ? It keeps the numbers in the order you put them in , with no way to change it but to delete them and re-enter . The private phonebooks can be sorted alphabetically - but you manually have to do that.Imagine having to go around your house to every handset and entering 50 phone numbers and names . There should n't be anything but ONE phonebook in the first place . It needs to be kept within the base , in flash memory so that a power cycle does n't take it out.I 'm returning it for a V-Tech . I had a V-Tech system for years with no trouble until I wore out the soft buttons .
 Purchased MD761 and 4 ea MD71 for throughout house because Patricia -LRB- wife -RRB- in wheelchair and on oxygen 24/7 . She could beep all phones in emergency and I would hear . First - sound terrible , second - after 1 month most phones good for less than 10 minutes usage and constantly dropping calls , third - phones quite often in ` searching ' mode when picked up for use . Entered house to find wife unconcious and not breathing . Started CPR and reached for phone to call 911 . Phone in base beside her wasSEARCHING !!!!!!! Stopped CPR and ran to another room for different brand phone and called 911 . Resumed CPR . Patricia DIED in spite of my and 911 personnel 's efforts . Looking for someone I hate to give these 5 phones , my last Motorola product .
 The phone has not worked since day 1 . First the hand sets would not register . Customer Service hours are only M-F 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. EASTERN standard time . So , anyone on the west coast is looking at 5 a.m. telephone calls . Nothing like a little irritation before you even go to work right ? Well , repetitive calls , take the battery out , and cycle back up . If your cell phone drops the call -LRB- mine is a Motorola -RRB- you have to call back and start all over and hope that the last call was just documented . They wo n't call you back if you are in the middle of trying something . So then there was the instruction to unplug everything , wait 24 hours , and if it wo n't register call back then . I 'm getting tired of 5 a.m. calls at this point . Then out of range messages which no one seems to be able to fix . After so many calls , and so much irritation about even setting this phone up , I actually hate Motorola now . The customer service rep is nice , it 's nothing personal ... but the company limits what they can do . It 's all so irritating . Get better hours and let people call back if a cell phone drops the line while trying to fix the land line .
 I bought this base unit and three of the individual phones for use in my home . They just do n't hold a charge . I ca n't tell you the frustration you 'll feel when the phone rings , and you pick it up directly from the charging base , only to have the call disconnect due to lack of power . It does n't matter how long its in the charger . Although it 's nice to look at , unless the fix the battery , avoid this one .
 I bought this to replace the same unit that was several years old . My origional one worked flawless . This new one cut out consistantly . I tossed it after a month and bought a Panasonic .
 By the end of the first year , the displays of my three remotes began to deteriorate . After 6 more months of use , all displays were unreadable . Since they were out of warranty , Motorola would not replace them , even though they must have known these had been of defective manufacture . Otherwise it 's a great phone .
 Lately , Motorola has been making horrible phones.This is the worst phone I ever bought .1 . The battery does n't even last for a day on standby and only about 45 mins talk time . The handset just goes dead in a day without warning .2 . The handsfree speaker phone is bad .3 . The door for the battery compartment on the base unit is almost impossible to open .4 . Usually phones sort caller-id by the time the call was received at . But this phone does n't even list the caller id in any order.I even exchanged the phone thinking I may have received a defective one . But the replacement turned out to be as horrible as the first . Do n't waste your hard earned money on this junk .
 What ? No `` 0 star '' option ? That 's what this POS phone system deserves.I was seduced by its clean design and good looks , but I literally had to throw this phone and two expansion handsets away . The problems : -LRB- 1 -RRB- As other reviewers have noted , the menuing system was designed by an engineer with no interface design experience . Just basic things like putting `` New Entry '' as the first item on the Phonebook . Duh . That would n't fly after even the most rudimentary user testing . And , again , as others have noted , the `` sharing phonebook '' functionality described in the user manual DOES NOT WORK , which makes the phonebook somewhat useless . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Battery life * is * bad . -LRB- 3 -RRB- After using it for about a month there was terrible static on the line , even though the phone line checked out OK . I called Motorola and they said the phone should be 10 feet from any electrical appliance to avoid static . Huh ? I think every household in America has a phone in the kitchen , where * appliances * are . What a joke . -LRB- 4 -RRB- When a message is left and the caller hangs up , there is a burst of loud static at the end of the message . It 's incredibly annoying.Bottom line
 Like a lot of other reviewers I was seduced by the design and features . I 've had this phone/answerer with a total of 4 handsets for about 7 months now . The voice quality has been highly variable , but most of the time it has been bad . Even the recordings on the answering machine are difficult to understand at bets and unintelligible at worst . I probably paid the price as an early adopter , so do n't make the same mistake I did . Do your research and do n't buy this phone .
 I bought this from Amazon along with an extra handset . My kids loved the features and the retro look . But the sound was awful , dropping syllables , and sometimes whole words , of the person on the line so you had to guess what they were saying . Motorola tech support told me to move the phone away from all interference
 I have never submitted a review to Amazon before , but feel compelled to for this product because it is so bad . My husband and I bought this for ourselves in November 2004 and thought it was good . We did n't really have much time to test it out though before I bought it as a Christmas present for my parents . I bought them the base and 2 additional handsets . What a huge mistake.The sound quality is absolutely horrible . There is so much static . We noticed it on our phone after the holidays and my parents experience the same static . No matter where you are using the phone in your house , the static is present . I am so disappointed because I bought the phone for my parents to replace their old telephones , which in retrospect are better than this one . It 's hard to understand what people are saying at times because of the static . Our old Sony 900 mhz phone , which we 've had for 5 years is worlds better than this phone . That phone is n't fancy , but has the most important quality for a phone - clarity . I do n't have a real problem with the menus for the phone - if the sound quality were what it should be , I 'd be satisfied with the phone -LRB- even though , it does have batttery problems as noted in other reviews -RRB- . Unfortunately , we are stuck with the phones having thrown away the boxes to be able to return them to Amazon and Bestbuy . I am going to start shopping for a new phone for my parents immediately .
 I 've had the phone for about two months , and as others have said , the sound quality is bad . Also , the sound drops out from time-to-time so we constantly have to ask the person on the other end to repeat things because we miss sylables or words . The hand set lasts for about 30 minutes before it has to be recharged.Several times per week -LRB- sometimes per day -RRB- , when the handset is replaced in the charging cradle , the base unit locks up and becomes non-functional . The only fix is to remove AC power and batteries from the base unit . Motorola customer support just keeps sending me instructions for removing the batteries from the handset , even though I 've repeatedly explained that the problem is with the base unit.I 've had enough lousy products from Motorola over the last couple years that I 'm finally starting to get it -- they do n't make good producst anymore -LRB- I ca n't stand waiting for my cell phone to `` boot '' -RRB- .
 This phone 's aesthetic design , ringtones , and lighting effects are awesome . It 's just too bad that it flunks in a phone 's most necessary area
 I bought this phone and then returned it after about 24 hours . I think other reviews here have been a bit kind on the audio quality . It is terrible . The phone chops off the first portion of all incoming audio . If someone is speaking slowly it chops off the first part of each word . For someone talking faster it is only the first word in the sentence , the rest sounds OK.Otherwise the phone is fine but the audio quality made this phone a non starter for me .
 this is the worst phone i have ever used . will NOT hold a charge . charge all night and next morning it is on zero cells . try using it at that point , u get 10 minutes tops . called motorola . no receipt , no help . i have read countless reviews stating the same , so u know motorola is aware of the issue . you get nothing but apathy from them . i will forever avoid motorola .
 I bought this base for my parents and one for my house and neither one of them hold a charge . They 're awful !
 Even with a brand new set of batteries , this handset still fully discharges in a few hours even when no calls are made . I have the older Motorola MD61 and it has usually a 3 day life even when making several calls a day . Do n't buy the 761
 I own the slightly older models , MD 760 and MD750 . They do n't work with my time warner cable digital phone service . . The phone does not ring . You can see the call come in , the display lights up , the caller ID shows up , and you can answer it and talk , ... but the ring circuit does n't activate.This also affects the voice mail on the MD 760 ... i.e. it never answers the phone -LRB- since the ring circuit is not activating , it does n't know the phone has wrung 4 times , etc.Motorola tech support was completely disinterested ... they did n't want to forward the modem info to their engineers , nothing.BTW , Time Warner in San Diego is using the Arris cable modems . The phone might work with other modems , I do n't know
 Phones wo n't stay connected to Base Station . Read the review from the guy who 's wife died while he could not dial 911 . My wife has been yelling at me to get this two handsets fixed for 3 months . Do n't BUY IT !!
 My biggest complaint is about my ID display . The caller ID flashes for only one ring , then it says `` incoming calls '' I spoke to my phone local and long distant provider and they tell me it is the equipment that I use that is at fault . It is true because I tested an old Panasonic cordless phone I have and the ID name does not disappear after one ring . I usually do not get to my phone before one ring . So in effect I never know who is calling and what good is it to have this feature . There are many other shortcomings , too many to list here .
 I had to replace two of these in a year . The answering system went on the fritz both times -LRB- on two different phones no less . -RRB- It takes three phone calls to Motorola 's help center until it 's clear to Motorola that the phone needs to be replaced . I guess they are just trying to see if you are serious . Both phones were replaced on warranty , but Motorola has a policy that they wo n't send you a replacement until you send the old one back to them . This means that you wo n't have a phone for about 10 days . They give you one other choice -- they 'll send you a replacement but you have to pay shipping both ways . Talk about a low grade warrenty!Motorola 's help desk people are nice , so that gives Motorola a star .
 I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this phone - my first cordless - and I have been very disappointed with it . The problems :1 . The sounds quality stinks . This could be a function of my apartment building or something in the environment , but I tend to think it 's probably the phone .2 . The set-up is inordinantly complicated , and needs to be repeated whenever the base gets unplugged .3 . The battery life stinks . I 've only had the phone for six months , and I ca n't even get 30 minutes out of the handset before it needs to be recharged .4 . The casing around the battery is poorly made , and keeps falling out .5 . The ` hand feel ' of the handset is weird , and does n't comform well to the head and hand.The only real ` pro ' to this phone is that it looks really cool . Otherwise , it 's not worth the money !
 This is the worst phone I 've ever bought . The audio quality is terrible , verging on inaudible . The phone book software is mind-bogglingly bad
 My first concern about this phone was the battery . I noticed immediately that the battery never stopped charging . I contacted Motorola and asked if this was normal . They said , `` Yes , it never stops charging . '' That is insane ! You can destroy the batteries very quickly if you keep charging them non-stop . So far the battery life has been very poor . I 've probably already damaged my battery . Do not buy this phone . You will be very unhappy . I 've had a number of complaints that my voice was breaking up . I attributed that to my VoIP service -LRB- Vonage -RRB- . But now I 'm wondering if it was n't the phone . The audio quality is also very poor .
 Ca n't head calling party voice most of the time . No sure I can call it a phone with this behaviorAfter pulling out and putting in battery to reset phone , battery indicator shows all low even though before pulling out it was fully changedRoom monitor is completely useless unless I keep it attached to my ears.Deleting caller Id entry from one handset does n't delete from other handset . You have to delete manually from both .
 This phone has a great feature set for the price . It is ergonomic and feature-rich . The earpiece sound is excellent and the range is quite good for a 5.8 GHz phone . So why only two stars ? The microphone makes your voice sound as if you 're speaking through a couple of sheets of wax paper.I heard complaints like this against Uniden a couple of years ago , but thought that the obviously capable Uniden R&D ; folks must have addressed this relatively simple problem by now . No such luck . If the mic sound was halfway decent , this would be the best buy on the market for an expandable system , but the crummy outgoing audio makes it a sound like a $ 2.99 special from the local drugstore.This is a good system only if you do n't care whether or not others can easily understand you . I sometimes speak to clients on my home phone and ca n't afford to sound cheap , so I returned mine .
 I bought the version that comes with a built-in answering machine , but otherwise it 's the same as this . It seems like everyone has jumped on the stupid higher-frequency-is-better bandwagon and all you can buy these days is trailing-end 2.4 GHz stuff that 's guaranteed to interfere with your wireless network , and the new , improved 5.8 GHz . Well save your money . Somewhere just above 2.4 GHz these phones lose their ability to penetrate walls . I used to be able to take my old 900 MHz phone halfway down the block -LRB- outside -RRB- before it even started cutting out . This phone starts losing signal the moment you 're in the room , and even in the room with the base unit it frequently cuts into your conversation with random nasty white noise . It 's an embarrassment to me when I 'm on a business call . Save your money and look for a 900 MHz phone . If you can still find one .
 At first glance , the comprehensive feature set for these phone is impressive , including such perks as wall mountable , room monitor mode if you have more than one handset , different ringtones , and 2.4 and 5.8 GHz . These same features turn out to be well-nigh inaccessable , or compromised to the point of uselessness.Only the main unit is wall mountable , the satellites are not . If your phone jack is not near the wall you want to mount on , you have no options . This is important if you use VOIP . Do n't expect to mount the kitchen handset on the wall.Room monitor , or baby monitor , is frankly idiotic . It 's suggested to monitor a sleeping baby . The batteries grant perhaps half an hour of eavesdropping if you 're lucky enough to activate that mode in the first place . You need to negotiate menu after menu and dig it up , after which one phone emits a VERY loud tone . The second phone then rings loudly as well , and when you confirm it you have them beep at the same time . Believe me , baby is not sleeping any more.There are many ringtones packaged with the phone , and are all uniformly and universally irritating . The best sounds tinny and cheap , the worst makes you scramble for the phone just to end its metallic shriek .2.4 GHz grants very little range ; I 've lost contact with a thin intervening wall and twenty feet of space . My old and cheaper Panasonic allowed me to stroll to the mailbox without static on the call.You can not dial your voicemail in speakerphone mode , the phonebook and speaker buttons are tiny , and the talk button , which also hangs up the call , is huge and placed dead center on the phone . Cough and you 've hung up.Callers need identify themselves now , as you can be confident you will no longer recognize their voices . I have already mistaken a friend 's voice for his sister 's , and embarassed them both for that mistake , and embarassed myself that I , normally a careful shopper , purchased such a techno dud . I was warned against Uniden products and should have heeded those warnings . When these phones expire , I go back to Panasonic.Unfortunately , I must grant these phones an extra star because they do seem to be built well , although not very rugged . Heavy and uncomfortable to hold , they will probably withstand impact well enough that I will not be able to justify purchasing new phones anytime soon.UPDATE ; Spoke too soon . First one broke this morning , from a fall on to a wood floor . And the other one managed to drop a call five feet from the base . Two cans and a string would be better . I suspect that the rave reviews this phone received are because other reviewers have n't tried better phones . This phone ultimately suffers from lack of ergonomics - uncomfortable , unintelligible , and inaccessible . Skip it for something else .
 I guess I 'm one of the few people who did n't already know this , but if you use wireless internet and other wireless connections -LRB- wireless keyboard , wireless mouse , wireless printer , etc. -RRB- you CAN NOT use 5.8 GHz phones without having horrible interference on the phone . In fact , even 2.4 GHz phones get `` some '' static/signal loss around wireless internet connections.Apparently , after calling Uniden customer support I found out that if you want to use a wireless phone around a wireless internet connection you MUST use a `` less advanced '' 900 MHz phone.I returned this phone and bought a 900 MHz phone that works perfect . Sad that a more advanced , more expensive phone is WORSE than a cheaper , less advanced cordless phone.If you do n't have wireless internet -LRB- and none of your neighbors have wireless internet -RRB- then I 'm sure this phone is fine .
 This phone has about a 20 foot range before it starts cutting out . It has great features but you ca n't really move all about your home .
 One of the units works , but has a defective LCD screen , so has no display for caller ID or number dialed . The other unit does not hold a charge so is unusable . Even though these were refurbished units , this was not a good purchase !
 This phone worked okay for the first two years - nothing spectacular . By the third year it began to slowly and painfully die . The batteries held less and less power and eventually you could not use the speaker-phone & mute together or it would shut-off for a second , then return but with mute turned off.I would not buy this phone again .
 I bought this phone to replace a Uniden 2.4 GHz . I figured that it would be an improvement over the 2.4 GHz and I 've long been a fan of Uniden . Boy was I wrong . It does have some nice features . I especially liked the speaker phone in the handset and the Directlink 2-way radio capability . However , no amount of features can make up for the terribly low range . I positioned the base unit away from all of my other electronics as the instruction booklet suggested . However , I still started to get static in the line a near as 20 ' from the base and lost the line as close as 30 ' . BTW - When I contacted the Uniden customer service , I spoke to a rep and received no help . In fact , they were very `` put out '' by my questions and I was treated like an idiot . Not pleasant.I would suggest avoiding this phone .
 to tell how I feel about this phone . I 'll just make a list of my gripes :1 . Handsets do not ring simultaneously . One will start ringing for a few seconds prior to the other .2 . The base unit rings when the handset finder button is pushed making it very difficult to hear the handsets ringing and therefore , difficult to locate them .3 . It is impossible to dial a long-distance number from the caller-id list . It dials the number ; but fails to add a 1 to the beginning causing a misdial and there is no manual way to add the one . So , I have to look up the number on the caller-id , either memorize it or write it down and then manually redial it . Arrrrgh ! 4 . I used to have an AT&T ; phone that would indicate if a message was left for a particular call on the caller-id screen . Then all I had to do to hear that message was to push the mailbox button . There was no necessity to listen to every single message if I only wanted to hear certain ones . Oh , I miss that phone ... 5 . The ringtones are annoying .6 . I have yet to be able to remotely access my messages . I am not technologically-challenged either , so it is not simply a case of user-error . Maybe there is some mystical way to do it . If that 's the case , it is not user-friendly enough and needs to be simplified.Bottom line - do not buy this phone .
 Short and sweet , Liked the 5.8 true digital signal to and from the handset.Liked the possibility of expandability.Liked the speakerphone.Didn ' t like how the letters imprinted on the face of the phone and answering unit began to wipe off within 5 months of use.Didn ' t like how it will continuously beep after a message has been received without an option to disable the beep-very annoying when trying to nap!Didn ' t like how the do n't disturb mode does n't turn ALL sounds off , in one sweep . The answer machine still can be heard as well as the base ringer . It 'd be nice to have all sounds shutoff for naptime with my infant!Didn ' t like how the customer service was n't available and did n't return my message when I was prompted to leave a message.I only purchased this phone after reading many favorable reviews -LRB- I forget where -RRB- . I do n't recommend this phone to anyone except as a giveaway to someone who ca n't afford a phone .
 I too purchased this clunker . Features sounded great . Brand - OKAY too . Unfortunately , the only thing it is good for is a baby monitor . Calls out or in have a terrible time hearing a conversation . Never again . I 'm tossing it and buying another . So , what good is $ 100 + anyway . One good thing , if you sit next to the base station and call , it works fine .
 I just opened the stapler this morning and it has the same problem as all the other heavy duty staplers . It will not cut the staple to correct size like it claims . I can send it in for warranty work but then I have to pay to ship it to them . Not sure if it is worth sending it back or for warranty work .
 I rate this refill 2 Stars for value . Not made in Lincoln R.I. U.S.A. any more , like the original one in my gold Cross pen . For the price I paid for this I expected different . 4 Dollars for what should be a fraction of that price for this Chinese-made pen refill . It does work , but it is still new . Will report back if/when it fails or leaks .
 Beware - this is described as cases of 12 but it is EACH !
 I have several Cross Ions and really like the convenient size . The refills however , are poor performers . They just do not last and cease to function well before the ink is used up . Cross should improve this product because it reflects poorly on the brand .
 I have 2 cross ion pens , which work fine out of the box . I 've also tried 12 different refills , and more than half of them stopped working after a few days or do n't work at all . I 've had the best luck with black -LRB- 3/4 are good -RRB- , but the other colors are all very sketchy . Purple does n't work at all , oranges and reds and green might work if you write slow enough . On the other hand , Cross will replace the refills for free , but it 's still a hassle and you 'll likely get non-working refills as a replacement too .
 As with all the previous reviews , I too have had absolutely no luck with these gel refils . They have lasted 2 days to 2 weeks , with the ink flow suddenly stopping . I have NEVER emptied a cartridge yet , of any color ! This has be absolutely frustrating when I have wanted to take notes or make a quick note for someone . Stay away from this product and anything that uses it . It is an absolute waste of money .
 My Cross Ion pen worked great but every refill I have purchased so far has failed within a few days to a couple of months -LRB- of light use -RRB- . Some refills have completely dried up and others the ink flow is such that you can only write very slowly . Good pens but unfortunately they are let down by poor quality refills .
 I like blue ink - I 've purchased at least 4 dozen blue refills - They dry up before I can use them or they dry up shortly after installation - The pen is a super idea for a blue collar guy - It fits in the pocket of my jeans but they need to solve the ink problem -
 When I purchased my Cross ION pen , I was ecstatic . I was able to carry the pen in my pant 's pocket and it wrote smoothly . Unfortunately , although the refills have been rather expensive , the last four or five that I have bought have not been dependable at all -- they hardly write ! So I like the pen , but I hate the refills . I am now looking for a new pen , because the pen is obviously worthless without dependable refills being available .
 When these pens work they are amazing , however , the refills are very bad . They may write beautifully for up to a month , but , although it looks like there is still plenty of ink in the cartridge , the pen will no longer write . It has come to the point where I test them before I buy them at the store and if they fail to deliver , I return them . This is a real problem buying through mail order , but I do love the Ion when it works .
 I was looking for a paper cutter to trim digital photos from my new printer , and took the title of `` professional '' perhaps a bit too literally . The paper cutter came in a plastic case , and the construction of the item was about at that level . The cutter essentially pushes a rolling blade , somewhat like a pizza cutter , through whatever material you 're trying to cut against a hard rubber strip . The `` patented '' holder does n't hold pictures very well . What results is a curvy , poorly cut photo . In addition , the pictures would then stick to the rubber strip -LRB- which Carl 's website said was due to some kind of suction effect -RRB- , and would take a good tug to get off.After being thoroughly disappointed -LRB- it 's $ 29.95 plus about $ 10 shipping from Amazon/Adorama -RRB- , I asked my local art store what they used , and they showed me their 6 year-old German-made Dahle 507 Personal Trimmer , which with self-sharpening blades , was still cutting sharply and precisely after all these years . They apparently use it for all their small cutting needs in the store . I bought one for $ 50 after a bit more research , and have just finished retrimming all my photos so that they have straight edges -LRB- and it worked perfectly -RRB- . If what you 're looking for is a digital photo cutter , go for a Dahle or one of the better ones at Amazon . I 'd avoid this product . Personally , I 'd avoid the Carl brand , but have no personal knowledge of their higher end products .
 It works okay but I 'm not very happy with it . It does n't seem to cut very straight . I would spend the extra money and buy a better one .
 This trimmer has been out of square from day one ! The clear plastic cutting guide -LRB- along which the cutting tool runs -RRB- is not at a 90 degree angle to the grid or the top or bottom paper guides . A call to Carl 's customer service was an exercise in futility . The customer service rep insisted that the problem was due to a worn blade or worn mat strip , which should n't have been the case with a brand new trimmer -LRB- I had difficulty getting this point across -RRB- . Information about how to return the cutter to them could not be given over the phone ; it had to be mailed to me . And , despite the fact that their poor product has a `` lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects '' , I will be responsible for shipping charges BOTH ways . I guess Carl counts on not having to replace many trimmers this way.My daughter used this once and immediately noticed that it cut a trapezoid and not a square-that 's how out of square this thing is ! Every photo or piece of cardstock has to be recut and squared up by eye . My recommendation would be to look elsewhere for a better made trimmer . Or buy it with the knowledge that Carl will not stand behind their product if you end up with a lemon .
 The old rule of thumb holds true for this trimmer . It 's on the inexpensive side , and deservedly so . The rotary blade mechanism is mounted on a plastic bar that is not held firmly in place , therefore causing varying results.The value you find in this item depends on what you want to do with it . If you want something that cuts things for arts and crafts , and you are not finicky about how straight it is , then this item is for you.If you want to cut photo prints or artwork and require a true straight edge , you will be very disappointed with this item . I also own a Fiskars product which works much better for photos . Dahle makes nice trimmers as well . Both have securely mounted metal bars that the rotary mechanism is mounted to and therefore are much more accurate .
 If you are looking for a cutter for trimming close to an edge , look for something else.I bought this cutter thinking it is a precise cutter as I need to trim 1/16 '' from an edge of cards that I have -LRB- business card width -RRB- . The concept of this cutter is great but when trying to cut so close to the edge the blade moves away from the plastic ruler to the outside of the card ending up in un-even cuts to no cuts at all.I ended up using the plastic ruler/holder to hold down the card and a utility knife to cut the card . Eventually the utility knife will damage the plastic ruler which at that point I will need to throw away the cutter.I did n't give the cutter 1 star because the concept is very good , they just need to prevent the blade from moving to make it a 5 star product .
 Ok , it does what its supposed to do , but with extreme focus and effort . To `` lock '' your paper into place , you have to push on a piece of flimsy plastic that does not stay down evenly along the paper edge . So , with one hand , you push down in the front , and with the other hand at back with cutter in hand , you push the cutter down to cut and slide forward until your hands meet . It takes a LOT of pressure on the cutter for it to cleanly cut through 1 sheet of photo paper . Also , there are no printed directions on how to use it , except on the item itself . They are pretty minimal.In the end , I find it hard to use , and hard to get accurate straight cuts every time . Accuracy is probably 75 % . So , I have to redo 1 of every 4 cuts . If you are doing 2 or 4 photos a time , it can be frustrating . Maybe it gets better with practice , but I 'm not a big fan .
 Does not work well , I wish that I had not bought it , will not staple 20 pages as advertised , and misfires .
 Spend the extra few bucks and get one that works . There is so much of your own energy put into this I may as well use the old fashion stapler !!
 If you have only 2 or 3 pages , this stapler is useless . Either it wo n't staple , or the staples leave sharp edges sticking out . I put 8 pages in and it works fine , but I almost never have that many sheets to staple . Might be OK for some mass mailing project if there are lots of sheets to staple , but for me it 's just an expensive paperweight .
 I ordered this cartridge and received it two days later . I installed it and it wrote one word and would not write anything more then that . Very disappointed with the product . I now have to bother myself to package it back up and return it to a UPS store . This is a lot of work for nothing .
 This is not the time to buy this product ; something is terribly wrong with this line of ink refills.The Pen is a great idea and I love it , but somewhere in time something has gone wrong with manufacturing the ink.I wondered why it became hard to find them in the stores , probably multiple returns . Start looking for a new portable pen , these are done .
 do not buy this if you buy this you are getting ripped off you can buy the same thing ... well its not a stylus but every thing else and that is same quality but $ 3 at walgreens in the pens and other school/office things aisle
 I really wanted to like this pen . I bought one just like it years ago from RadioShack . I carried it around with me in my purse , used all it 's components - the PDA stylus back in the day when I had a Palm V , the laser pointer for presentations at work , the LED light when I dropped my keys at the theater , and I used the pen until it ran out of ink . All in all , it was a fabulous device . Then I needed to replace it . I was so thrilled when I saw this pen here on Amazon . It looks , key word `` looks '' , just like the one I had from RadioShack . The only difference is that it fell apart - literally fell apart - within 2 months . I thought it was a fluke and bought another . It too just fell apart . The barrel of the pen separated in the middle , but , it 's very clear that it 's not meant to come apart there . Once it 's apart , it 's not possible , or at least I was n't able to , put it back together such that the pen/stylus retracts and extends properly . My RadioShack pen never fell apart . This one -LRB- actually , BOTH of the new ones -RRB- broke in exactly the same way . What good is a pen that falls apart in your purse , then , when put back together , wo n't extend or retract ? Like the title says , cheap , cheap , cheap . DO NOT BUY . Made in China . The best part of this pen is the very nice metal case it comes in .
 2/3rds of the purple ink refills I have gotten either do n't work or quit working in less than a month . Some people think that the Ion ink refills sit on shelves too long and dry up , but I pulled out the black cartridge that came with my pen and it still writes fine -- after three years !
 3/3 of the refills failed after a couple days of use . Total waste of money . It is quite likely you will not be happy with these refills from this source .
 Some of the refills were defective -LRB- big air bubbles in barrel -RRB- or dried out already . Only had 2 that worked . Disappointed .
 I got mine as a present about 18 mths ago , when it would only shred 1 or 2 pages before it required a cool down . The warranty only lasted a year , and the customer service at Aurora did n't seem to have any knowledge of the product . I rarely used it up to that point , am extremely disappointed with both the shredder and Aurora Customer Service .
 I 've had this shredder for about 6 months and it has worked fine under heavy use until very recently . My disappointment , however , is related to the plastic bin the shredder sits on top of which has what I 'd consider a design flaw . The shredder is designed to only work when it 's placed on top of the paper bin to protect from any accidenal injury when the shredder has been removed from the bin . The problem , however , is that the safety feature on the shredder is activated by a very thin/weak ` rail ' on the inside of the paper bin which has broken during normal use over the last several months . As a result , the shredder is now useless because the paper bin can no longer de-activate the safety shutoff device when the shredder is placed on top of the paper bin . The bin/safety cut-off device is too flimsy for this shredder ... buy another model .
 I was in the market for a new message machine , since my 1990 AT&T tape machine broke . Sound quality , above all , was the most important quality for me . I scoured the web for something that would get the job done -- the Swatch seemed to fit the bill . Not so . I am appauled with the sound quality . It is very bad . Both the outgoing and incoming messages are muddy . Do n't confuse volume for clarity . The volume can reach high levels , which is nice . However , because the messagesare so muddy , it is very difficult to hear what is being said , despite playing it at a high volume . I ca n't believe that some company ca n't manufacture a DIGITAL answering machine that is high quality , and sounds as good , or better than a tape machine . I 'm willing to pay for one if it exists . Sadly , the Swatch is not that machine , and I CAN NOT recommend it to anyone .
 I was in the market for a new message machine , since my 1990 AT&T tape machine broke . Sound quality , above all , was the most important quality for me . I scoured the web for something that would get the job done -- the Swatch seemed to fit the bill . Not so . I am appauled with the sound quality . It is very bad . Both the outgoing and incoming messages are muddy . Do n't confuse volume for clarity . The volume can reach high levels , which is nice . However , because the messages are so muddy , it is very difficult to hear what is being said , despite playing it at a high volume . I ca n't believe that some company ca n't manufacture a DIGITAL answering machine that is high quality , and sounds as good , or better than a tape machine . I 'm willing to pay for one if it exists . Sadly , the Swatch is not that machine , and I CAN NOT recommend it to anyone .
 If you have to twist or bend your wrist to use a wrist-saving device , it 's safe to say that the device is useless . This thing stands WAY too high even on the lowest setting . It stands a good 2 inches above your average keyboard on its highest setting . This means you have to bend your arm up then back down to type . I would have to prop my keyboard up somehow . To make matters worse , the gel does not give when you rest your wrist on it.This thing is very cheap but it looks well put together.It 's a lot bigger than the picture portrays . However , that all becomes moot once you actually try to type with it .
 Ordered the Faber Castell E-Motion pencil & leads from J&R with the 1 ~ 2 business days shipping advertisement . After hounding them with calls , the pencil was finally shipped 4 business days later and they have no idea when leads will ship . Do n't count on your order shipping when indicated ...
 I was in the market for a new message machine , since my 1990 AT&T tape machine broke . Sound quality , above all , was the most important quality for me . I scoured the web for something that would get the job done -- the Swatch seemed to fit the bill . Not so . I am appauled with the sound quality . It is very bad . Both the outgoing and incoming messages are muddy . Do n't confuse volume for clarity . The volume can reach high levels , which is nice . However , because the messagesare so muddy , it is very difficult to hear what is being said , despite playing it at a high volume . I ca n't believe that some company ca n't manufacture a DIGITAL answering machine that is high quality , and sounds as good , or better than a tape machine . I 'm willing to pay for one if it exists . Sadly , the Swatch is not that machine , and I CAN NOT recommend it to anyone .
 I bought the Ectaco 800 Version -LRB- 15 languages/Chinese -RRB- . Since I also needed Korean , I bought an MMC for Korean -LRB- card with Korean -RRB- as well . Beware prospective buyers , it 's not worth more than $ 200 , and that 's being generous . You will only feel excited when you are opening the package , after that , it 's all down hill .1 -RRB- the speech synthesis is computer generated and poor -LRB- if you know the word/phrase it is speaking then you will probably understand what is said , otherwise , it is pretty useless -RRB- 2 -RRB- going from English to Korean/other language is fine , but going from the foreign language back to English is ridiculous - you have to bring up a special menu on the screen to enter the foreign letters -LRB- at least for languages that do not use the English alphabet -RRB- , this blocks half of the screen , making it difficult to see possible word choices -LRB- quite clumsy to use -RRB- - you can enter the letters of the foreign language from the keyboard , but not until you open the menu3 -RRB- as for multiple languages , they must be purchased on the same card , you can not add languages to a single card -LRB- you can , but the unit will not acknowledge that it is there -RRB- , so you must switch cards -LRB- I have to switch cards when I go from Chinese to Korean -RRB- - this is quite annoying , but worse , you have to turn the unit off and reset it when you change the card - if that is n't annoying enough , you have to wait for it to perform an upgrade which takes over a minute -LRB- it upgrades every time you switch cards -RRB- - all your preferences are reset to default when you perform the switch4 -RRB- the spoken translation feature is grossly exaggerated in the promotions - you can speak an English phrase and it will translate it , but you have to select a specific category from a menu - if you want to say , `` I 'm checking out , '' you have to first bring up the phrase book menu , select the hotel option , then select the payment option , then say your phrase -LRB- of course , this assumes that you already know that checking out is under payment options in the hotel option category -RRB- - if you want to say , `` have a good day , '' you have to exit and go through the selection process again to get to the appropriate menu , then you can say it - it often gets your statement wrong -LRB- you have to say exactly the phrase it has in the category -RRB- - it is not practical or convenient -LRB- very tedious -RRB- 5 -RRB- the English dictionary is not substantial and you have to enter the word correctly - if you enter the word WORTHLES without the final S , for example , it will process and come back with no matches found -LRB- that 's right , there is no list that appears as you type your word -RRB- - the foreign dictionary , oddly enough , does have a word list that pops up as you type , but you have to switch dictionaries after you find your word -LRB- minor inconvenience -RRB- - the phrase book and foreign dictionary do n't even contain phrases you would expect , for example , if you want to say , `` I love you , '' in the target language , well , too bad , the expression is n't listed anywhere -LRB- not in English , not in the target language -RRB- 6 -RRB- the unit itself has zero storage , so to play MP3 music , you have to load it to the dictionary card - the card is less than a gig and is already half occupied by the dictionary data - the data on the card can be lost or erased , including the dictionaries -LRB- so definitely backup the card onto your computer before you actually load things to it -RRB- - the unit -LRB- $ 600 + -RRB- is nothing more than a paperweight without the card inserted7 -RRB- as noted in 6 -RRB- above , the software for the unit is on a card , but it is not protected , you can delete it , once you have lost the dictionary or corrupted it , it 's gone -LRB- hopefully you have made a back up copy before actually using the card -RRB- 8 -RRB- I have also had problems with the power/battery life - after the first week , the unit completely discharges overnight , whether I have used it for 1 minute or 15 minutes -LRB- I become discouraged with the device quickly enough that I never use it longer than 10 or 15 minutes a day -RRB- 9 -RRB- I have only had the unit for about two weeks , but using the other features it has to offer are equally disappointingOverall , a very big waste of money . I ca n't even bring myself to try and sell it on e-bay , my conscience wo n't let me . I waited two weeks before writing this review because I wanted to convince myself that the unit is n't so bad -LRB- it 's hard for me to accept that I blew this much money -RRB- . For $ 600 + , it 's a piece of garbage . -LRB- I could select a better word than ` garbage ' , but I did n't want the review to be blocked -RRB- .
 This pen is the best writing tool I 've ever used.There is only one problem . I do n't know what they use to decorate the pen , but the pen has a layer of decorative swooshes and logos etc that are printed or painted on.This layer flakes off in tiny tiny pieces , leaving your hands covered in what looks like glitter that is a pain in the ass to get remove .
 It stuck really well . However , I found that it does not cleanly erase the dry erase markers . I used a name brand marker also . Just needs some improvement .
 These are pretty simple , but they certainly wo n't work well on 11/2 to 2 inch walls . I have 2-inch walls on my office cubicle and these are loose and do n't &#34; clip &#34; on at all . They just kind of sit there . They 'll technically &#34; fit &#34; a 2-inch wall , but not snugly or securely as I would expect them to .
 Worked beautifully for 1/2 of a bar of staples . Neither my husband nor I could get it to do more . Nice finish but it finished too quick !
 I have 2 of these rapid staplers for over 14years . each one average 100-150 uses per day . they finally start to giving out , so i order 2 more for replacement . only two month in to use both stapler 's molding plate start to braking apart , now i have two useless stapler . very very disappointed .
 IT HAS A JUMBLE GAME , BUT CAN NOT SOLVE A JUMBLED WORD OF YOUR SELECTION -LRB- IT IS OF NO ASSISTANCE IN PLAYING THE DAILY JUMBLE GAME -RRB- . IF YOU MISSPELL A WORD IT WILL COME UP WITH A WORD FROM NOWHERE . SPELL CHECK IT IS NOT.THE TOUCH SCREEN OPERATION IS EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO SOMEONE WITH ADVANCED ARTHRITUS.INVEST YOUR MONEY IN A GARBAGE CAN .
 Purchased for my daughter , an English teacher , Scrabble lover . She said she 'd rather have a book to look up words and most of the features on the Franklin she 'd never use and thought they took away from the mental challenge of the game . She said it would end up on a shelf in her house . She 'd rather have a paperback Scrabble Dictionary . I returned the Franklin . She did n't even like the idea of taking it to school for her kids to use when she lets them play Scrabble in class ! I 've since discovered that the entire Scrabble Dictionary is available on their website for online checking of words .
 We have owned two of these and the on/off button at best will last only a year before it stops working.Very poorly made , will not last you more than a year .
 I have purchased 2 Franklin Deluxe Edition The Official Scrabble Players Dictionary from Barnes and Nobles Book Store within the past 2 years , because the quality of them are very poor . Either one of them have n't lasted a year . The keys on the keyboard sticks and finally I had to remove the rubber keys and use the tip of a pen to press the keys in order to type in my word . Then it started not to work at all . Every time I wanted to type in a word I would push on a letter it would say `` Type in your tiles '' to every letter I pushed . I paid 53.00 each time I purchased this Electronic Scrabble Dictionary and it is not worth it . It just a poor quality gadget that is n't worth the money I paid for it . I would like to know how I can get a refund .
 Big disappointment , more so because it was a gift.The first word we looked up was n't in it!Bigger nuisance than help .
 This is an excellent tool for playing Scrabble . We find it very helpful , simple to use and moves the game along quickly . The one we purchased from you was a replacement as the original one was lost . As you can see , we do like it and never play Scrabble without it . As a matter of fact , we convinced our friends to purchase one also which they did and enjoy the use of it very much . Much easier than using a regular Scrabble dictionary.Also very educational .
 good device , but needs an update to the 4th edition of the scrabble dictionary .
 This would be a great idea if it were not out of date . This uses the 3rd edition Official Scrablbe Dictionary . The 4th edition came out in 2006 . It does not have many words , such as `` za '' or `` qi '' in it . If there were an up to date version , I 'd buy it .
 The one I ordered first this year , was defective . I got a new one , and it also does the same thing ... when you hit `` back '' , it clears your letters . I am still very unhappy with my purchase . These machines cost too much money not to work properly . The one I bought two years ago worked for a long time and I never had a moments trouble with it . I would like a new one to replace this second one . Tona Brown
 I found the unit to be not as user friendly as I expected . It 's extremely hard to read the screen , even with largest print settings . I would not recommend this product to others and I would have purchased a different model had I known how poor the screen quality is . It may be more user friendly , if you could see what you 're doing .
 This is a pretty cool item , however , the magnets are very weak and stuff is all over the place . Not a very practical item for parents who do n't like millions of pieces of toys scattered throughout the house !
 I noticed right away that some of the magnets would n't stick very well . Then after some use they would n't stick at all . Also , the numbers starting peeling off the magnets . I would n't recommend this product .
 I bought this magnetic calendar despite the negative reviews because it was recommended by the homeschool curriculum we are using -LRB- Moving Beyond the Page -RRB- . I wish I had not purchased it . I just got around to opening it after having bought it a few months ago in preparation to home school and it is falling apart straight out of the package . The stickers that are attached to the magnets are peeling off . The magnets are n't very strong so they slip constantly . The overall size and feel of the calendar is dinky and cheap . Anyone else looking at this calendar because of recommendations from MBTP , do n't do it ! It is n't at all necessary to have this calendar to go along with the curriculum . Any calendar will do . We are n't even using this one .
 I purchased this for my in home preschool . Upon opening it , the lower left corner was damaged and the packing box was not . So the seller shipped it damaged . The magnets do not stick well to whatever thin metal there is in the cardboard . It was a total waste of money and I returned it . Would not purchase again .
 I got this shredder because it was supposed to shred up to five sheets at a time and accommodate staples , and because I found it on sale . However , it has been a disappointment from day one . Even three sheets taxes it and slows it down . It jams easily , and the reverse function only clears about half the jams . To clear the rest , you must unplug the shredder , lift off the _ very _ heavy lid , and meticulously dislodge every tiny piece of shredded paper , which can take 10-15 minutes . It is difficult to place the shredder lid back on the canister . On the positive side , staples are handled with ease .
 This pen refill sadly runs out of ink all too quickly -- especially given its price . I like the pen , but use it rarely now because of the limited ink supply .
 I got one for my desk . The first time I was talking and someone picked up another extension , the sound started chopping out and it and was almost un-intelligible . The phone does not use an AC charger or batteries , but is powered from the phone line.When another phone on the same line is picked up , the available power drops and the phone tries to shut off . It is a basic design feature . If you have any other telephones or devices plugged in to the same phone line , this phone will stop working while the other phone is off hook . That makes it unusable.Also , the Caller ID phone number is displayed without hyphens separating the groups of 3 and 4 numbers . Hard to read.I paid shipping to get it , shipping to return it , plus a re-stocking charge . Wasted $ 30 .
 Do n't buy it ! Terrible product . i would n't even give it one star.This thing will not operate properly after you receive a call . After receiveing a call the Message waiting light comes on and no other function works . You have to tap the receiver switch several times to clear the light and that is hit or miss to get the phone to work . Also the ringer is the same , after you receive a call the ringer no longer operates until the Message light is cleared . Phone will not hold any memory numbers and caller ID names and numbers are incomprehensible . Just an all around poor quality product . I guess it is possible I received a lemon , but how can a good Quality Control let such a bad unit get through ?
 The Brother 1820C has some nice features BUT it cleans the ink cartridges automatically and often . This uses up all the ink every few months , whether you print anything or not . I do n't do any color faxing or printing , but I have to replace the color cartridges every 3-4 months , so that in a year I spend more on ink that I do n't even use than the cost of a new 1820C machine . This is an ink guzzler . It will break your pocketbook unless you are wealthy and money does not matter to you . In addition , there seems to be no way to use the black ink option when the color ink is depleted by the constant automatic cleaning . You MUST replace all 4 ink cartridges every 3-4 months or the fax will not work . It costs a veritable fortune . I can not recommend this machine except for multimillionaires .
 When I first bought this Fax Machine , I thought it was nice to have so much features in one machine . After several days of use , I realized this machine does random Ink purging for cleaning the ink jets . This procedure is very Noisy , especially in the middle of the night . So noisy , it wakes me up . There is no way to schedule the cleaning time . The manual says it 's on a set cleaning schedule , but it does n't say what that schedule is . Brother has other models that does this random purging . Keep that in mind and do your research when deciding a Brother Fax
 In all my life I have never owned a more frustrating fax machine . I am on my second replacement of this model -LRB- they are sending the third right now because this one does n't work either -RRB- and I have had the same problems over and over again . The phone constantly cuts out in the middle of conversations and EVERY time I try to fax something that is more than one page it feeds all the pages through at once rather that one at a time . I have to babysit the machine and feed each paper one at a time to get a fax to go through properly . This machine has wasted my time and money !!! DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 I use this fax in the office and even though the black ink is 3/4 full . It reports it as empty and will cease to print ! I have to change the ink cartridges every two weeks ! Also all my printings are in black and white . For some reason , after a month , my color cartridges also seem to be empty and yet again , the fax machine will cease to print unless I change the color ink tanks . I highly do not recommend this fax machine . Wasted enough money on the ink , its time for a new one .
 We bought this just to fax stuff out , have gotten only one fax in , yet the ink is supposedly empty -LRB- it is not -RRB- . We do not even use the color feature and we got a new black cartridge yet we can not fax or receive a fax . A waste of our hard earned money .
 For the price of this table , it is very poorly designed . The knob to adjust the table 's height is set on the end of a screw and is metal on wood . Turning the knob to adjust the hieght turns the screw wearing the threads and loosening the knob . The knob eventually came off and I had to pry apart the leg to set it back in place . This was in less than a week of use . Eventually the thred will be worn through altogether and need to be replaced . With continued normal use , this will happen in about a month.Also , the joints are loose and the table top leans . However , if the joints were not loose , I would not have been able to reset the knob .
 Looking through past reviews , I see that this is an ongoing problem since JANUARY . Well it is now September and it has not been corrected.You do not receive a dozen paint pens , you only receive one . I called customer service and was told I 'll be refunded the full amount charged , in the next 1-2 business days . The price quoted online was n't the price charged , then the customer rep. quoted a completely different amount then either of those , very sketchy ! I am VERY skeptical , I 'll have to wait and see . Will never shop through Shoplet again !
 I ordered 2 sets of 12 markers , pay $ 15 shipping and get 2 markers . What a deal . Good luck with the customer service !
 60 + yo parent bought product at Wal-Mart over holidays b/c adult offspring were present to address any tech difficulties . Darned if loading the paper did n't turn out to be the most inconvenient & unmanageable `` tech '' task ! W / no help from postage-stamp-sized drawing on instruction sheet -LRB- which provides no further textual instructions ! -RRB- , we searched the web to find similar user complaints resulting in return of product . So off to Wal-Mart we go , receipt in hand to battle return lines engorged w / bad Xmas gifts & poorly-designed Casio calculators .
 Installing the paper tape proved to be impossible . The inside paper slot is invisible , there is no room for your fingers to guide the paper tape , & the paper tape is too soft to be pushed into the slot . After 20 minutes of trying I just gave up .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! 1 . the printing paper jams constantly no matter how I try and adjust . Paper feed is ultra-delicate and snags the tape constantly .2 . The keypad layout
 I love casio products and have purchased for years . This one I thought would be great for my desk for the size , and it was but ... it would not turn on . The ` on ' button was stuck , pushed in and would not release . You need to purchase ink for it on your own , a bother . Really disappointed , sent it back .
 Being sharpies , I expected a smoother and more accurate marker than these . The tip is really hard , and in two of the five markers it had imperfections that made the trace look shabby . It was really hard to get any nice work done with them . In the end I had to go back to the calligraphy pen to make my wedding signs , because these markers were practically useless .
 One of the 5 markers was damaged ... box was damaged ... the Sharpie Marker itself , too large to do Calligraphy with ... the ink bleeds out and ruins the words ...
 At first , I was really happy to receive these clips because they have a much stronger magnet than the norm and I wanted them to hold up school papers and memos on the fridge . One clip was broken -LRB- plastic was cracked in two -RRB- upon arrival , making it unusable as a clip . I was disappointed , but did not return it because it would have been more trouble than it was worth for such a low cost item . By 2 days later , 2 more of the clips had done the same thing with minimal use . Obviously , there is a flaw in the design . Waste of money .
 I returned the phone , which was quite attactive by the way , because it had poor sound quality . Callers heard voices as very muffled and hard to understand . On my end , the sound was OK , a bit harsh on high volume and slightly muffled on the low setting.I tried to overlook this shortcomming , but it is a phone afterall , and performance should take priority .
 Owned probably 10 shredders and this is the worst I 've owned . Normally love the Fellowes products , but not this one . Hard to get the paper to begin shredding , will only handle 4 sheets at the most and then it has a tendency to jam . Removal of the waste is difficult and I will guarantee that you will leave bits of paper on floor , ok lots of paper on floor.But , it does shred very tiny . Doubt anyone could put documents back together.Going to replace it with another model , secretary can have mine . Come to think of it , I traded better shredder to another employee who did n't like this one .
 We have had this shredder for 3.5 years and during that time it worked well , but at times a bit noisily . Yesterday I went to give it a single sheet of paper and it failed catastrophically . It senses the paper , the motor runs , but the shredding mechanism does not move ... It seems a gear has stripped or broken . I could live with a failure at that age , IF there were any way to get it repaired , but there is n't !!! Fellowes considers these $ 200 + `` personal shredders '' as disposable , they do not sell spares and they do not repair them . The best you can expect is an offer to sell you a remanufactured shredder with no warranty whatsoever.I suspect that I will not buy the remanufactured model that may be offered and will buy a competitor 's unit as a replacement , whose I do n't know yet .
 The overall design of this unit is very nice and &#34; heavy &#34; . The one real problem ? There is a main plastic gear , driven by what appears to be a casy aluminum one that has a tendancy to strip out . At first I suspected that the gear was made plastic for a reason - so it would strip out in the case of an overload -LRB- it does seem to have an overload protection feature also -RRB- . So , I called up Fellowes and asked for a replacement part - yea ... no can do . We do n't sell that part . Sad , Sad , Sad . Back into the box it went .
 The paper shredder 's cutting cylinders stopped turning after about a total of a half hour of use ; the motor continued to run . I sent it back to Amazon.The shredder 's box had a mean looking bull dog , marketing I took to mean that the shredder was tough . This marketing conflicts with the manual , which says that the shredder is recommended for 25 to 50 pages per day and that it should be used no more than 8 to 10 minutes at a time .
 Plugged in , nothing happened , not even a beep or flash of light . FYI , I saw a demo at Ofc Max , this thing is really truly quiet . If you get it , plug it in right away and test it .
 This shredder worked great for home office if you do n't have to shred very much . It would overheat after just three to five minutes of shredding . Then you wait 15 to 20 min to continue shredding . and once its warm it overheats two to three minutes into shredding . I could never shred more than three sheets of standard copy paper in it and when i ran a disc trough it bogged down and made loud noise . I tried oiling the blades at each use it did not help . After two years It just quit shredding . I removed the bottom of the shredding unit -LRB- 4 screws -RRB- to see if something was jammed . What I found was the drive gears , made of very soft metal had just fallen apart . This unit has a 5 year warranty on the cutting blades only , 1 year on everything else . I called Fellows to see if I could Get the Gear set to repair it . I told them I 'm willing to pay for the gears . They said not available without even checking . I think they have this happen frequently . I purchase parts every day for appliances up to 20 years old yet fellows can not find a part for a 2 year old shredder ? The answer was to sell me another $ 260.00 shredder on the phone . I Would NEVER purchase another Fellows product . I have 25 + years in electronics and appliance repair business as an certified technician , business owner and instructor . Poor Product and Poor Customer Service = No Customer ...
 I purchased the Fellowes Powershred MS 450CS after a fair amount of research -LRB- trying to balance cost with features -RRB- . It is one of the few shredders with security level four for the price . We received the shredder , but right out of the box , we were n't able to shred anything . Finally , we were able to shred some paper , but we do n't know what we did to get it to work . I called Fellowes today and after giving them information about the machine and following their instructions , they will be sending a replacement -LRB- which will take 7-10 days to get to me ... meanwhile , the shredding pile mounts -RRB- . Overall , extremely disappointing . I can only hope that the replacement works . It is very quiet and I like the separate shredding container for the credit cards and CDs/DVDs .
 I received the shredder very quickly but it did not work at all . I had to call Fellowes directly . Beware who you buy from .
 This item was not purchased through Amazon but it 's only fair that others should know about the extremely poor customer service . Another reviewer had the same problem
 This may be a good unit for paper , but is NOT suitable for credit cards . I put one credit card into this unit and it only strip cut it -LRB- versus confetti -RRB- and my account number was still readable . This was not acceptable , so I returned the shredder . After further research , I ended up purchasing the Royal 1610X Confetti-Cut Continuous Form Shredder which pulverized my credit cards as well as paper into the same tiny unreadable confetti bits .
 However , mine came DOA from Amazon 's supplier . I read the reviews on this item and had to have it , however , it arrived dead . So , I had to return it and still looking for a viable option .
 Bought this for my office . Got too hot to use after 4 minutes of continuous use . Bought a more expensive one hoping it would work for longer than light periodic shredding . No such luck .
 I had the shredder for perhaps a week , and then I had to change the bag . I used all the oil they told me to use , but somehow the works must have gotten clogged , because after that time , more confetti got onto the floor , or the outside of the machine , than into the bag.I do n't use the shredder any more . It sits in my laundry room as an emergency device , in case I ever absolutely , positively have to shred something . -LRB- Too bad I do n't have a fireplace
 In the past I 've owned several cheap brands of cheap cost shredder but their blade becomes dull quick . I purchased the MS450 hoping it would last a few years . We seldom use the MS450 except for tax season and do not shred more than 5 or 6 pages -LRB- regular paper -RRB- at one time . It is a seldom used paper shredder at my home.Since it has never jammed , we never had the need to press the reverse button to put it in reverse mode . During my maintenance -LRB- oiling -RRB- for the shredder , the Fellow web instruction said to push the forward button and then the reverse button . Sadly the reverse button did not work . Did n't even think of testing the Reverse button when I purchase the shredder two years ago . For a shredder costing over $ 200 . and having it break down so quickly with seldom usage , it was not a good buy for me and I am very disappointed .
 Has now stopped shredding all together.Checking to see how much it will cost to send to Fellowes ... they deserve this piece of junk . Warranty not a factor , Fellowes offers no repair service nor parts service to repair this beast.It is the worst example of functionality . Only runs the right way 5 % of the time ; most of the time it will only activate the switch when paper is placed in the slot ... BUT not shred anything ! Take the paper out and it reverses as if it had been jammed even though no paper present . Push the button to shred manually may work 1 out of 40 times ... still it wants to reverse . I have cleaned the head many times -LRB- as well as possible...upside-down with picks -RRB- and lubricated it faithfully ... no good .
 This unit is very quiet and worked well for a year or so under light to medium duty . Then I attempted to shred three sheets of paper today and it stopped mid-stream . As I worked with it to get it restarted , it began to shed large pieces of itself -LRB- gray plastic -RRB- in the basket . Needless to say , it was toast . The cutting blades are steel , housed in plastic . Had the cutting assembly been housed in steel also , it probably would not have failed . Additionally , some types of paper caused the safety device to think someone was touching the unit and caused it to hault operation . That is a real pain to remove the partially shredded paper . I can recommend it if you want to replace it every year or so .
 I 'm not sure who 's writing the positive reviews for this MS-450Cs shredder , but I certainly did n't have a good experience . It jammed after a couple of minutes and about 20 sheets of paper . The most at one time was 5 sheets . Fellowes is sending me a new one . But they told me to cut the cord and throw away the one that stopped working . To me , this indicates it 's less expensive to make a new one than repair or replace the head on an existing one . What ?? How cheaply are these things produced ? I 'm kind of sorry I got this now . I 'm going to consider returning it for a better one .
 Bought my first MS-450Cs five years ago at Office Max . It worked well but the shred gears wore out on one side and began to bind up . Based on that , I decided to find another MS-450Cs . I looked at my local Office Max again , but I could only find it here on Amazon - so I bought it.Unfortunately , the initial quality was not up to par . There was no evidence of crush/dents on the box , yet one of the wheels was cracked sufficiently that it immediately fell apart when I set it down the first time . I decided to just pull off the remaining wheels rather than go the through the pain of returning the large merchandise . The wheels were not a show-stopper requirement so I could accept the lack of wheels , but it was a disappointing first minute . I continued to set up the shredder by removing the waste bin to get the waste bags out & packing tape off the loose items . It was then that I noticed that a nut for one of the mounting bolts was laying on the bottom tray . I found the mount point , and reattached it ... but again disappointing discovery in the first few minutes.Finally got things plugged in and ready to go and everything seems to be fine so far , but I must confess I 'm holding my breath a bit ... worried that those initial build quality failures are indicative of things to come . Let 's hope not !
 This shredder does its job well , if used exactly as intended . However , my wife fed some bank statements into the CD/Credit card slot -LRB- a smaller slot next to the larger paper slot , both on top of the shredder -RRB- and the shredder jammed . Believe me , this is an easy mistake to make since the two slots are so close to each other . Beisdes , who would think that a mechanism that can shred CDs would have a problem with paper ? Anyway , after clearing the jam , the shredder will no longer shred CDs or credit cards fed into that slot . -LRB- The paper slot still works fine for paper . -RRB- I contacted Fellowes and they refuse to repair or replace the shredder , saying that it was misused and the warranty does not apply . There is no warning on the shredder itself , nor in the user 's manual , that putting paper in the CD slot will cause any problem , or will void the warranty.Here , in case you 'd like to read it , is my exchange with Carole from Fellowes customer service : Me
 I owned this shredder for about two and a half years before it gave out on me . I kept it well lubricated and fed it a very weak diet of 3-5 papers at a time at most -LRB- more than this and it will take an absolute eternity to shred , moving the paper up and down very slowly as the shredder just does n't have the power to get it done -RRB- . The cut is very good , the safety features are nice , but the durability just is n't there . After discovering how much out-of-warranty service on my shredder would cost , I took it apart to see if I could fix it myself , only to discover that all of the gears and inner workings were made of plastic . The screw drive connecting the motor to the shredder blades had worn down until it had no teeth . I would n't buy another Fellowes without seeing inside the thing to determine its durability -- their mascot may be a bulldog , but the plastic parts inside would n't hold up to one .
 My product did not work at all . I checked my power outlet and everything . I read the instructions -LRB- and I never do that -RRB- . My shredder did not work OUT THE BOX . I purchased from Warehouse Deals . I 'm highly disappointed . Waste of my time and money . I 'm returning and expecting my refund .
 We 've had a model KX-TG2216FV for years and loved it , but I thought a smaller unit would be easier for the living room so tried this one . Plus , the blinking antenna to indicate voice mail sounded like a nice feature.That feature , however , is n't turned on by default . Neither are several others . Unlike other phones , cameras , MP3 players , and many other devices , you 'll probably want to actually use the manual and consider each setting , as the menu defaults are in some instances odd.The sound quality is initially what you would -LRB- and we did -RRB- expect from a Panasonic , but the battery drain is poor and the volume drops off in long calls -LRB- within ten minutes -RRB- . And while we 've had no problems with DSL , as reported by another reviewer , we do agree with the concerns raised about keypad lighting.On balance , I 'd recommend the KX-TG2216FV instead . This one is n't that much smaller , and the weaker features make it a weaker choice .
 The phone has many features but experiences a variety of distortion within close range , additional disnance is even more difficult . The unit does not work well with DSL.Panasonic phones are genrally superior with regard to sound quality but this procudt clearly missed the mark .
 I made the unfortunate mistake of trying to change the print head out , what a mess ! After I tried to start up again , I had nothing but printing errors and now the damn thing keeps printing error messages and I ca n't clear it . I will have to throw it out and buy another one ! So tired of cheap merchandise from China and Taiwan . I 'm going to have to look for good old American-made products .
 My old Canon P1-DH III I paid $ 20 for at Office Depot finally went bonkers so I looked around for a replacement . This one got good reviews so I ordered it not knowing that an ERROR SYSTEM was built into the circuit board . A printing error symbol -LRB- PE -RRB- will appear on the display and the KEYBOARD WILL LOCK UP FOR NO APPARENT REASON that I can figure out . All I 'm doing is adding up a column of numbers in the addition mode -LRB- A -RRB- and printing them out like it says in the instructions . The instructions say DO NOT USE DECIMAL POINTS when adding numbers so I did n't but when I add a number with 5 or more digits the keyboard locks up and an error -LRB- PE -RRB- appears on the screen.If I could disable this destructive and unnecessary error program I would give this machine 5 stars .
 Did n't last very long for my use and was frustrating to use compared to my Sharp desktop one I had for years . I recommend getting the best one you can afford and stop filling the dumps up with junk like this ...
 Just because it is a Panasonic brand , does not mean any thing good . Voice clarity is very bad . Baterries does not charged for more than two hours even not in use . I 'm very happy with my other Panasonic phones .
 Lack of the headset feature makes this phone a bad choice . Even my under $ 10 cordless has the headset jack feature . In addition to this lack of what I would consider a standard feature , the reception quality is terrible . There is a constant degree of static on all calls I have made . I have tried all the adjustments , consulting the manual and nothing changes it . After replacing the phone with another model , I have absolutely no static on the line , so it is obviously this phone . Both handsets.I will be returning this purchase .
 Conceptually this phone system seems good , with some clever electronics , but the execution leaves much to be desired . The worst feature is the dreadful microphone used in these handsets , which adds a fuzzy distortion to everything . Since both handsets sound identical on a third phone one can only surmise the quality problem with the microphone is on all of these phones . Immediately noticeable in all calls , this is particularly embarrassing in conference call settings when other participants will ask you to call back in with a different phone . If you have a home office you would do well to avoid this phone . I also want to confirm the lack of a headset jack .
 I can not hear anyone on this phone , even with the `` voice enhancer '' feature . If I answer with this phone , I always search out another phone in the house to talk on .
 I purchased this item through amazon partner circuitcity.The extended techinical information about this phone is incorrect . There is no Headset jack . I wish I had gone to panasonic official site to confirm this . For me no headset jack means this phone is less then useless . I find it very strange that a phone of this price does not have headset jack . Needless to say I will be returning this phone soon as possible .
 The sound quality is very poor . It is like talking into a tin cup . Also , the sound quality of the answering machine is also very poor . Difficult to understand messages . Trying to tweak-otherwise will return .
 I just received this phone and it is definitely NOT wall mountable , although it claims to be . This phone is propped up by a stand in the back so that it is angled about 45 degrees when on a flat surface . If you wall-mount it , it attaches in back rather than on the bottom , so the entire product sticks out from the wall about 7 '' and is angled up at the ceiling . Since my wall-mount is at eye-level , I can not look at the phone unless I stand on my toes . The phone looks attractive if sitting on a flat surface , but not jutting out from the wall . I am sending this right back without unpacking the rest .
 I purchased this phone for the sole purpose of the `` Talking '' Caller ID that Amazon advertises in the description . After receiving the phone , I see NOTHING on the box or in the book that says ANYTHING about having `` Talking '' caller ID . I contacted the seller , and he too said he saw nothing about it . I contacted Amazon ... but they do n't seem to get it ... that they are advertising something thats not there .
 Had this phone for a while now and use as alarm and sometimes for weather . Phone has not worked since day one with poor poor voice quality . I called Uniden and customer service AWFUL and NOT HELPFULL at all ... How hard would it have been to excharge phone ? I was not asking for anything else !
 The readout is impossible to read if it is too dark or too bright , and the weather sensor drains batteries . Furthermore , I bought this phone and and the voice mail indicator did n't work , so I sent it back for replacement -- the voice mail indicator on the replacement did n't work either . The sound was fine but not great . I am now looking to purchase a weather phone from a different company -- this one just is n't doing it for us .
 I do not understand why so many cordless phones have such small displays . This display is so small that when you go to the caller ID you have to wait for about 10 seconds for the phone to scroll to the phone # !! VERY ANNOYING.Also there is no speed dial . a big negative in my book .
 I was very disappointed with this phone and decided to return it after having it less than one week.The feature I liked about this phone : The antenna flashed when we had a message waiting on our Qwest voice messaging.The features I DID N'T like about this phone :1 . Caller ID information was displayed on two screens instead of all the info -LRB- date , time , name , number -RRB- being displayed on the screen at one time . So when scrolling through received or missed calls , I had to wait several seconds for the second screen to display the rest of the call info . Very irritating and confusing ! 2 . When I answered a call on one handset , that call was displayed as `` Missed Call '' on the screen of the second handset . I never knew when I had actually missed a call . Was very irritating to see `` Missed Calls '' displayed on the handsets all the time , especially when I knew I had n't missed any calls .3 . `` On '' and `` Off '' buttons very small and not placed well on the handset .4 . All buttons on handset placed too close together . Very easy to misdial .5 . Was hard to hear the caller unless the phone was placed perfectly squarely on my ear each and every time .6 . Phone operated and felt too much like a cell phone .7 . Did n't like the way the `` flash '' button worked . The word `` flash '' appears on the screen with an arrow pointing to the button you 're supposed to push .
 My favorite cordless phone is the Uniden . It was offline for a week while I located a batteries to replace the old ones . In the mean time , I plugged in two different models of these Panasonic phones . This particular model , the KX-TG5422 heated up the battery in both handsets to a level in which it was nearly too hot to touch barehanded . I promptly threw them away . The other Panasonic model ... similar , but not same model , seemed to be fine . I may have gotten a bad battery or system -LRB- gifted to me -RRB- . Regardless , I wo n't be purchasing any Panasonic phones in the future . As I said , I really like the Uniden phones . They fit well in the hand , function properly , last many years and were inexpensive . All reasons why I prefer the Uniden . I just thought it was important to let everyone know that battery malfunction can be dangerous and did occur on this particular model .
 I purchased this phone in September , it stopped working at the beginning of January and has been sitting in an authorized Panasonic service center waiting for a back-ordered part due to come in at the beginning of February . I called Panasonic - they understood why I was upset but said they could n't and would n't do anything .
 I have generally used Panasonic phones with good results . This one has a few problems . Most annoying is the phones lose connectivity with the base at least weekly necessitating that I power it down and unplug the phone line . Next , is the volume is to low many times . I use a headset with it and that is another problem . It works fine with my other phones but for some reason I ca n't use voice when navigating an IVR voice prompt instead having to use the keys to enter data .
 I bought this phone based on the reviews here and its ability to not interfere with Wifi . The features are great : voicemail alerts and voicemail dialingvarious ringersphonebookcaller id enhanced -LRB- see caller id of person even in call waiting mode -RRB- speaker phone -LRB- a big plus in my book -RRB- No Wifi Interference.BUT the biggest problem was the quality of voice . Quality of voice coming in is fine but everyone else heard an echo -LRB- like I was in a tunnel -RRB- when I called them . Annoyed people enough that I am returning this just after owning it a few days.I replaced it with a Uniden Tru Series and that has been much better . Uniden 's sound is n't perfect but its MUCH improved than this Panasonic . The Uniden Series is recommended by TomsNetworking -LRB- any networking geek should know this guide and review site -RRB- The only feature Uniden really lacks is the multi colored alerts otherwise it matches the panasonic feature for feature
 When someone buy a Cordless Phone looks for big or reasonable range , and the range of this phones are terrible ! . I decided to changed my old 900MHz phone for this `` new '' phone with technology of 5.8 GHz and now we cant talk more if we are 70ft away from the base . Also the second handset must be at a minimun of 60ft from the base and in the same floor of my house because if not we lose the signal . The handsets have a lot of functions but you cant use it because the small range . I returned to use my old 900MHZ phone .
 This is the third Panasonic phone I 've had . The first one -LRB- a KX-T3960 -RRB- was great and is still going strong after about 15 years . The second one -LRB- a KX-TC1450 -RRB- was decent but died recently . Then I purchaced this phone , and am not happy at all ! This phone is junk . Nowhere near the same quality as the previous two . Panasonic quality is now gone . You might as well waste your money on something cheaper .
 The batteries included , which are rechargable , will not hold a charge or last in service as described in the manual provided ... Due to this fact I would give the rating , not available ... 1/1000 of a star or simply say that it is worth 1/100th of the selling price listed for ; Panasonic KX-TG5432M 5.8 GHz Platinum Cordless Phone with Answering System and DualHandsets ... A good argument against buying on the internet ... You ask for trouble when you do .
 I have had this phone for a little over a year now and I am in the market for a new phone . This phone does n't work in most parts of my home and my older cordless phone never had this problem . I have to stay in certain areas to make a call otherwise the person I am talking to can not hear me at all . Matter of fact it sound like I 've hung up on them , but I have n't and I can hear them talking . The base is in the kitchen and just the other day while I was a foot away I kept cutting out . They have continued to get worse , if people can hear me my voice sounds like a robot . My sister has the same phone but she has different problems . When she is talking people can barely hear her . She called Panasonic and they told her how to fix it but it did n't last long and now nothing works to fix it . These phones were a huge disappointment .
 When I plugged this phone into the wall jack , my Verizon DSL speed dropped from 1.5 Mb/s to 37Kb/s . That 's a 98 % loss . I use the speed check at the National Science Fdn , but I did n't need confirmation - it died . I unplugged the phone , re-booted the modem and the DSL is right back up to 1.5 Mb/s . I am surprised , because I read a lot of reviews before buying and some specifically touted this phone for use with wireless networks.It seems like a nice phone , thus the 2 stars , but I 'd rather do without voice than internet , so back it goes .
 I used to love Panasonic products , but their product lifespan has been getting shorter and shorter . This product broke down very soon after I bought it . The previous Panasonic cordless phone with integrated answering machine that I owned , Model KX-TG2383 , stopped working in less than two years . Panasonic products have great features and work fine in the beginning , but the products are terrible when it comes to longevity . They break down very soon after the warranty expires . What is worse is that , in my experience , the Panasonic company does not stand behind its products after the warranty expires . I , an old fan of Panasonic , have decided never to buy any product they make again .
 I was really hoping for a winner with this phone system , but after trying it out I found the sound quality and handset volume to be very poor - not nearly as good as an older VTech phone that I currently use . I 'm definitely sending the Panasonic back and will be continuing my seemingly endless search for a phone that actually performs well in the important categories . Despite some good features , I certainly ca n't recommend this Panasonic model .
 I just returned it after 5 days of trying to use it . I did everything correctly -LRB- am an experienced , expandable-phone user -RRB- in setting it up . All of my callers sounded as though they were talking through a barrel , even with `` voice-enhancement '' enabled . -LRB- Voice enhancement ? How about `` voice impairment ? '' -RRB- I was constantly asking them to repeat what they 'd just said . Horrible static , too
 The handsets are dinky small and hard to use . There is no answering machine feature on these phones ... you must subscribe to one of those horrid voice mail systems per your phone company . What a waste of $ 150 because it arrived while I was out of the country and it is now too late to return it to the off brand seller ... this is NOT an Amazon sale ... but from some fly by night group that keeps your money and the customer be ignored ... or driven by a screwdriver.I am very very disappointed in Amazon and in this phone .
 I placed my order on 26 Sept. 2005 . Just now received notification of another delay with shipping sometime between 4 and 15 Nov 2005 . Do the math ... that 's approximately 7 weeks for those that ca n't count !
 This looks like a great phone , but I would n't know . I 've ordered this phone twice and have yet to get the correct one . They keep sending me a handset that ca n't be used without a base unit . It 's not even an expansion unit for THIS PHONE , but for another phone altogether ! Obviously Amazon is having some trouble with this model number , so I 'd stay away if I were you . Order at your own risk !
 Perhaps I received an old package , or it had some other problem , but the pens I had dried out very quickly . I first noticed that the cap on the fine point end did not hold on very well . So I concentrated on putting it on securely each time . When it dried out , I thought that the loose cap had been the problem . So on the next pen , I taped the fine end on with electrician 's tape , so it could n't get loose . I also made sure to press the cap on the larger end , but it soon dried out and I had written on very few CD 's compared to how long a sharpie would last.It is not worth the money for how long these pens have lasted . I have never had problems with other pens , although I have read that problems do occur . And I do back up my material to an external hard drive also .
 I am very disappointed in these pens . I purchased them intending to use them to label DVD 's . The points are extremely soft and do not hold their point long enough to label just one DVD . The pens are supposed to contain both a 2.0 mm and a 1.0 mm point . They start out that way . But , on first use the points spread so that by the end of a single label they are many times that wide . This is true even when using a touch so light that the ink almost does not flow . I found these pens to be wholly unsuitable for their intended purpose .
 I owned an `` eFilm Solvent-Free CD/DVD Pen '' previously , which was `` fine point '' and much easier to write legibly on optical media . The point on this pen is too fat .
 I like to mark all my CD 's and DVD 's , but some of them are dark colors . I thought these pens were gold color which would show up on dark brown or black disks . Even the package as pictured is gold on black . So what does `` gold '' in Archival Gold mean ? What I got were two CD/DVD marking pens that have black ink . On top of that , the ink does n't mark smoothly , leaving little bubble areas where the ink seems to avoid the disk surface . Save your money , whether you 're duped into buying what first appears to be gold pens -LRB- like I was -RRB- or if you want black pens . For six or seven bucks , you can buy a four-color -LRB- black , blue , green , red -RRB- set of CD/DVD marking pens made by Sharpie -LRB- Wal Mart , Target , Office Depot -RRB- . They look like the regular Sharpie felt tipped markers , but there 's also a cap on the small end where there 's a really fine point . I mostly use the regular tip , but sometimes the fine tip is handy if you need to write a lot of info on a blank CD/DVD . They mark really well on blank disks , and I use them on most DVD movie disks , as long as there 's a light area to write on . This is the first Amazon purchase that I 've been disappointed with . It was a total waste of money .
 These pens only lasted about 6 to 9 months . And then they were dry completely . I stored them at room temperature . what else was I supposed to do ?
 I purchased the Delkin Archival Gold Solvent-free CD/DVD Pen -LRB- pack of two -RRB- . I should have listened to the poor reviews I read . I used one pen once , out of the package , and when I went to use it again the next week it was dried up . Tried to use the other and it was dried up too . BAD PRODUCT .
 This was to replace an old CD pen that was almost out of ink , which had a fine enough point to write small . In contrast , this archival gold pen has too fat of a tip . Looks and writes like a Sharpie .
 These pens are described as being safe , non-toxic , and solvent free . Based on that description , I ordered them , but was completely unable to use them because of their strong , chemical odor . Based on their odor , I ca n't trust that they are either safe or non-toxic , and using them gave me a headache . I have since purchased Memorex CD markers , which seem to be completely odor-free and work well on CDs/DVDs .
 Archival Gold products were a huge disappointment , these markers just beaded up and smeared . Also , I bought their CDs and DVDs . CDs were fair . DVDs had to be mostly thrown out .
 One of the pens was used immediately upon receipt but was only good for a few DVDs before drying up . The other pen never worked . In retrospect ; I should have returned them .
 Unless you keep kissing the handset , the other party can not hear anything .
 I loved the features of this phone system , and for a while they worked great . I owend 3 handsets . One by one the screens went blank and then they started to not find the base . NOTE
 I bought the Panasonic KX-TG5433M telephone system for my home , and home office use . The features are very nice and voice quality is excellent . However , I can not recommend this telephone system due to the very short range from the handsets to the base station . If your home or office has foil back insulation in the walls , forget about going outside with the handset . In addition , if you have a business or farm office in a metal building , you can forget it as well.There is a power boost feature called `` Voice Enhancer '' , which boosts the range a bit . The problem with that feature is the fact that it does n't extend the range by much , and you must turn it on during each and every call by pressing MENU , and then press the number 2 on key pad . This must be done during the call . When the call is terminated , the feature goes away too . Very inconvenient.In summary , the range between the handsets and the base unit is not satisfactory . In addition , one should not have to perform any operation of features if the range is reasonable . In my opinion , the Panasonic KX-TG5433M telephone system is not a good one .
 OK , lots of nice features , but when it comes down to basic functions its unacceptable . Unles you are in an absolutely quiet room -LRB- no kids running around , no TV , etc. -RRB- the handset volume is too low to hear . The ringer and speaker phone volumes are fine , but not the handset volume . Back it goes ...
 Bought model KXTG5423M six weeks ago . I thought it was an exceptionally nice phone set . Then the keypad on one handset failed . I took out the third unused handset & charger , and it was defective -LRB- dead LCD screen , new , out of the box ! -RRB- ! Then , to add insult to injury , Panasonic told me that they have to replace the FULL system - not just the individual failed part , as I had assumed . AND it would be replaced w a `` refurbished '' system , NOT a new system . And I would have to pay shipping to Panasonic ... So , beware - buy an `` expandable '' phone system , or be prepared to buy a completely new system if you have any problems after the one year warranty period . I used to think very highly of Panasonic . Given the newness of this product , it would have been worth Panasonic 's effort , to have immediately shipped me a NEW system , with a pick-up ticket for the defective system - they would have kept a loyal customer ...
 The product looked dirty when arrived . It broke immediately on the first use , could not support the weight . . not well built
 I bought this because was affordable . It is so difficult to see the words . I used to own a RocketEbook and that thing was so great . This one does n't hold a candle . Spend a little more buy something with a back light and something that does n't confuse your computer . Mine uses xp and I had a lot of trouble getting the two in sync .
 It 's hard to read unless you have enough light , and even then there are times you cant read it . You have to reload everything every time you replace the batteries .
 The cord for the phone is quite short so you need to be very close to the phone to use it . It feels very cheaply made , but if you just want a very simple phone this will probably do it for you.The sound quality was not great .
 Got this phone for my office , thought this was a good , reliable phone . I thought that all office phones had an extension plug for a headset ... wrong . I even read the first page of reviews and people were satisfied overall . Another problem is that I hear a slight echo of myself during conversations . Very annoying . Returning it for something a better .
 Inside the board should have had a soft material laminated to the wood finish . The box should have also had a carrying handle .
 Buyers of this phone ought to know that it comes WITHOUT ANY WIRES WHATSOEVER , in spite of the onein the picture.DISHONESTY !
 Did n't like it , did n't use it , to expensive to return . No speaker phone feature . It will go out for sale at our next garage sale
 I was in a rush and needed a corded phone ASAP that was headset compatible . I skimmed thru the info and assumed -LRB- stupidly -RRB- that since the product was offered at a discount with the panasonic headset , that the phone was headset compatible . Well , it was n't . Not only that , but the ringer on it is oddly annoying . If you are in need of a cheap phone , this is okay . However , you 'd be better off getting something better for only a few dollars more !
 As a basic , one-line , corded phone , this is adequate . The sound quality is good , and the instruction booklet is well written . But the keypad has an annoyingly stiff touch , and the caller ID screen is not easy to read in most kinds of light . The instructions say it needs three new alkaline batteries every six months ; in my experience , it 's every two months .
 After one year the liquid crystal display failed . Now it is impossible to use the caller ID .
 Phone came with defective handset . Called Panasonic and got the absolute run-around . Was given a fax number to get `` approval '' to return handset -LRB- rather than the whole phone , which seemed otherwise fine -RRB- . No answer at fax number . Called Panasonic back , went through whole story , was given another fax number , that one did n't answer either . Third customer service rep did n't even try to help , just told me to return the phone to Amazon . I will , and I 'll get a different phone NOT made by Panasonic !
 If you are planning to mount this phone on the standard old fashioned phone jack , good luck . First the attaching chord to plug it in is way too long , and no place to wind it up to . The mount is also just one point , and does n't fit real well . Very unstable when you try using the phone . The price should tell you something as it is made very cheap . The chord for the hand-set is also way to short . Will be stretched beyond recommendations unless you stand right next to to the phone . I packaged mine back up and giving it to Goodwill .
 The ad when I purchased the phone leads you to believe that it has a jack for a headset , but it does not . I returned the product . Which , by the way , Amazon made it so easy to return I will definitely continue buying from Amazon . Every purchase I have made through Amazon has been great , even if the product did not work out .
 I am very disappointed in this phone . For instance , to retrieve a phone number from your personal list , you have to press the big button to the left and then down and go through the whole list to get to the number you want .
 One reviewer mentioned that the phone was not flush ... but it really sticks out . It seems `` flimsey '' . The phone bounces when you dial . It would be a great desk phone , but does not mount on the wall .
 I 'm not happy with this phone . To begin with , the sound quality is awful , very tinny . And you ca n't lean the handset on your shoulder to talk , it slips down too easily -LRB- unlike my old one -RRB- . I 'm going to junk it and get a proper speakerphone . But the main problem is with the number buttons for dialing . Half the time they do n't work , you have to push them really hard and from the center of the button to get it to register . It 's a pain , I have had to repeatedly redial numbers because they do n't enter properly.Also , the minute I plugged it in , it seemed to throw off my answering service which is provided from the carrier . Calls now do n't show up properly so I do n't know when I 've gotten a message half the time.Get a more expensive , better-made phone . Everything like this seems to be made in China these days , and gets cheaper by the minute .
 I purchased this phone to replace a kitchen wall phone that had given me years of excellent service , unfortunately , even though this phone is listed for wall phone use , in order to get the receiver to remain in place when you try to hang it up it takes several tries to delicately balance the receiver on the hang up hook before it stays on the phone . Very , Very , annoying . I am now looking for a replacement phone . Oh , for the good old days of quality made products
 It 's a nice phone with lots of features and I wanted a phone I can use if the power goes out . However , the mic in the handset quit working after three days . I RMA 'd back to Amazon over two weeks ago and I 'm still waiting for my credit .
 First of all , I wanted a white phone . This phone is not white . It 's like eggshell or linen . Secondly , I wanted a wall phone . It is constructed to be a wall phone as well as a desk phone , but do n't believe you will ever be able to use it as a wall phone . I tried with all my might to mount the phone on the wall . The receiver will not stay on the hook , and the phone will move as you move , i.e. , if you pick up the receiver and walk to the left , the phone on the wall will turn to the left . It might be a great eggshell , desk phone , but I can not attest to that .
 This review is based on the looks of the phone - not on its function . Most importantly , this phone is not `` white '' - it is dingy off-white , almost putty-colored , which will not blend in with other white items . Secondly when the phone is wall mounted it does n't cover the standard wall plate and protrudes awkwardly from the wall and plate -LRB- I think another reviewer mentioned this too -RRB- ; the line cord is also visable and does n't tuck behind the phone like other wall-mounted phones do . If you are looking for a corded Caller ID that does n't need A/C power , only consider this phone if you do n't care about the color and about the wall-mount system . I 'm sure that the sound quality is up to Pansonic standards but it is a very unattractive phone .
 I bought this phone as a wall phone to be hung on a wall in the kitchen . I needed a corded phone because I had no electrical outlet for a cordless phone . Unfortunately , when you hang up the phone in its cradle , the slightest touch or motion will make it fall from its hanging position . This phone was made to be placed on a horizontal surface as the plastic lip to hold it in place when you hang up the phone vertically , was poorly constructed and does not hold . It was a poor choice for that reason .
 I usually like Panasonic products but this phone has a screen that is difficult to read in average room light , it DOES NOT have a message light , just a tiny icon on the screen . It eats rechargable batteries which last less than 4 weeks . I put in regular batteries and it 's over two months and working fine . The ringer is not pleasant to hear , kind of electronic sounding . I would investigate choices more next time . Do not recommend this phone .
 The receiver falls off easily and is hard to put back on . The phone on the wall has a big ugly gap . It is overall a cheap phone , however since I do n't use the landline much , it suits its purpose .
 When hung on the kitchen wall plate , the phone tilted away from the plate and whenever you would pick up the receiver , the phone came off the wall .
 I bought this phone to make sure we always had a land-line that stayed put on the wall so in case of an emergency we could always find a phone . Well I know exactly where it is , yes . And I can hear the folks I am calling or whom are calling me . But they CAN NOT hear me . Not happy .
 The handset is really cheap . Feels like I 'm holding a toy to my ear . All the phone 's features are driven by a digital display -LRB- like digital watches have -RRB- . Anyways , it 's hard to read ; I think my watch 's display is bigger . Also there 's no backlight so you ca n't read it in the dark.The biggest reason I bought this phone is because I switched to my phone company 's voicemail system and had no way of knowing when someone left me a message . This phone does have an indicator on the display that you have a message . It 's a little envelope icon that 's about the size of a pencil led . Very easy to miss.To sum up , this phone serves the purpose but it 's not what I was hoping for .
 My opinion ? This phone is a piece of crap . I have to hold a flashlight up against it to see the caller ID display . Also the sound quality is too low . When I called Panasonic for technical support , I never did get a live person on the phone .
 The wall mounting design was an after thought . This phone will not mount flush against the wall . It actually protudes about 4 inches and only mounts on one of the two factory wall supports . If it is in a high traffic area such as near a kitchen doorway the reciever will fall off the cradle with the slightest touch . This thing is going back !
 I found it awkward . Tone entry for number calling is weak . Just sub-standard device . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Do n't care for this type of mouse pad , I thought it would be the padded kind that stay in place . Disapointed and think price is way too high for product .
 This is very small and flimsy and is unable to withhold any sort of pressure before folding it up , rendering it useless as a door stop .
 Remember , you get what you pay for . In this case , very unsatisfactory door stops . The door weight actually causes it to bend . They weigh about an ounce and are useless .
 Perhaps it 's my fault for buying the wrong size , but it 's just a bathroom door -LRB- ??? -RRB- Well , at least my cats now have a new toy : - -RRB-
 I bought my cartridge for the first time on the net , at Amazon.com rather then best buy to save a whopping 10 dollars ! I purchased the same ink ribbon I ususally do . Shoul last 50 8 X 10 sheets . I printed 14 sheets and THE INK RAN OUT ! incuding shipping I paid over 42 dollars !!!! THis website is selling a defective product !
 This was a good price for all that paper ! I use Legal Pads every day in meetings and I was annoyed to discover this paper does not tare very pretty . Other than that , its good paper for what it 's worth .
 There are crumpled papers within each pad . This means you never have a flat , smooth , even surface . There are just enough problem pages in each pad to make problems for the whole pad , but not enough that you will give up and just toss the whole pad and order something else . I wo n't order this item again .
 There is nothing wrong with the paper in these pads , that I 've seen -- I tend to use legal pads by flipping back the pages , not tearing them out -- but the problem lies in the lack of any stiffness to the backing cardboard . It is thin and very flexible . If you 're writing on a desk , fine . But if you 're writing on your knee , or freestanding , you 're going to have problems .
 The paper is fine . It tears nicely . But , it 's nearly useless as far as I 'm concerned . Really , why have a backing at all if you 're going to make it so flimsy ??
 The paper quality is fine , but the pages do n't rip out easily and cleanly which makes it a poor choice , in my view . Who want to end up with ragged paper when they remove a sheet ?
 This unit works great as long as the batteries hold up . But if they die , you must send it in to Ectaco who will charge you as much as it costs for a new unit to fix/re-program it and replace batteries . Do n't try to change them yourself , it does n't work !
 I thought that it worked fine for single-sheet cuts but failed to cut more than 2 or 3 pages accurately . I do mini-comics made up of as manny as 12 sheets . I ruined one book by attempting to trim it .
 Just as another reviewer said , it would n't hang up . I plugged the cord into the phone jack and heard a continuous dial tone , regardless of the position of the cradle . Makes me worry about quality control at the factory where the phone is produced . I returned the phone and was given a prompt refund by Amazon .
 I have gotten three of these phones and had to return all three because they did not work . Maybe the fourth one will .
 This phone is beautiful . I was so excited when it came in the mail this morning . Unfortunately , it did not hang up ! All i could hear was the dial tone and i pressed the lever on the side and nothing , still dial tone , sadly i have to return it . It looks and sounds great so maybe it was just the one phone i had recieved ... so sad that it didnt work !
 I was really looking forward to having this phone . It looked great and really quite heavy , not made with cheap material . Except , it would not hang up even with the earpiece in the earpiece holder . The dial tone would not go away . I have sent it back and Amazon gave me a prompt refund . I have ordered a replacement and hope this will be a better experience . If the next one is bad , I guess the idea of having an &#34; Andy Griffith Show phone &#34; will never be .
 I bought this a few weeks ago and expected it to provide the same if not better quality than my old 900MHz Panasonic , which started dying prematurely after 3 years of little use , but I was surprised to find this phone to be worse than my old one . There 's a constant loud hiss that can be heard when using the phone . I tested it against another 900MHz Panasonic at home and validated that it was n't the phone line . In addition , the same loud hiss can be heard even with the intercom feature . I really like the built in lcd in the handset , which allows easy access to recently dialed numbers and a phone book but the quality of the call is more important to me than the features however nice they are ; after all it is a phone ! I 'm not sure what to move on to now since it does n't seem that manufacturers make 900Mhz anymore ... oh well , the search continues .
 I am very dissapointed with the transmitting and receiving range of the phone . The reception quality begins to degrade at about 25 feet . I can not use the phone at the opposite end of my small house ! The voice quality is fair to good . I have been a die-hard Panasonic fan for years but after this and a seperate purchase of an unrelated Panasonic product -LRB- alarm clock -RRB- that I am dissapointed with , I am beginning to question all their products .
 Honestly I bought one of these guys after watching an episode of Seinfeld and everyone made a big deal on how it writes upside down . It 's not that impressive . Plus it 's not my style of pen.I prefer the Zebra Spiral pen with its ergonomic barrel design .
 I 've had several problems these phones -LRB- I have one main base unit and two accesssory handsets -RRB- . First , the general layout of the buttons could use some improvement . For example , when you try to cradle it between your head and shoulder , it 's almost impossible not to hit the mute button . Second , and much worse , the phones do n't always connect to the base when you try to answer an incoming call . I 've reprogrammed the handsets to the base 4 times now , and still the same thing happens -- the phone rings , I try to answer it , it beeps and the screen says `` unable to connect '' . Good thing I have caller ID , so I can call these people back ! Third and most annoying is the customer service department . If they know of a way to fix this problem I 'll never be able to find it as all I can get are pre-recorded messages . I even tried to e-mail their tech-support and got a pre-fab reply that did n't even relate to the problem I was having . Ca n't say that I 'd recomend this phone to anyone .
 Do not waste your money on this phone !! . I recently purchased this phone to replace my Vtech 2431 which was a 2.4 Ghz phone . I recently setup a Wireless 802.11-G network and there was too much interference between my Wireless Acces Point and the phone . In reading the description on this phone I noticed they mentioned that I should have no problems with the wireless network . This was totally not the case !! The phone consistently loses connection to the base whenever I start to stream music wirelessly to my DLink DSM-320 Medial Lounge . I called Vtech support complaining about this and the rep let me know that this phone only uses 5.8 ghz from the base to the handset , for the return leg from the handset back to the base it uses 2.4 ghz and that is why I 'm still experiencing interference . The rep went on to tell me that there are only 2 models that Vtech manufactures which use 5.8 ghz for both legs the 5871 and the 5858 . I felt totally cheated in purchasing this product !! The description on this product seems tantamount to false advertising in my opinion . Save yourself the annoyance if you are looking to buy something that wont interfere with a wireless network .
 I really do n't know why I continue to do this to myself , but I 've had three VTech phones - maybe I just trust that the bugs get worked out , or I get fooled by other simpletons who write positive reviews on this website -LRB- which would make me a simpleton too , I would imagine -RRB- . This phone - flat out - does not work . It loses power to the base for completely inexplicable reasons , dropping calls and putting your phone out of service for no reason whatsoever . I will now have to go through the annoyance of sending this product back to Amazon -LRB- which I have never had to do , but I hope their return policy is lenient -RRB- , and I warn you - do not be fooled like me . The fancy features and convenience of this phone means nothing when it flat out does not operate . I am NOT a technologically challenged individual ; this phone is simply poorly made . Spend your money elsewhere . I wish I had ...
 This is a great phone set I bought from Costco . After bringing them back 3 sets of top notch Panasonic phones because they all stopped working after 3-6 months , giving me cryptic error codes , I thought I had found a brand that has its act together . Not so . After 6 months one of the handsets went dead -LRB- and not , it was n't the batteries -RRB- I opened it up to see if any cables were loose -LRB- no -RRB- , screwed it back together and it magically continued to work for another 2 months . Now its dead again . . and on its way back to Costco . Maybe its time to go back to rotary phones again : -RRB-
 Hopefully they 'll be pulled soon , but until they are removed this is to alert people that they are fake , illegal & why.As a user & buyer of vintage Arp&egrave;ge by Lanvin Parfums exclusively for several years , I kept running into these trashy pens in my searches and have consequently become very familiar with the many variations produced for this old fraud . A few examples
 I ordered an Olivetti Linea manual typewriter and expected to recieve a brand new item . It arrived in a rather tattered and '' well traveled '' box . Upon closer inspection the single wall thin cardboard box showed signs of other labels having been removed from the box at another time . Although everything was intact upon opening the box after removing the plastic bag surrounding the typewriter it was obvious this was not a new machine . There was oil residue on some of the keytops , 4 type bars were bent , all of the type looked as it needed a good cleaning as they were beginning to fill in with ribbon residue . A section of the upper plastic cover -LRB- access cover to the ribbon spools -RRB- showed signs of abrasive wear.After carefully removing the shipping blocks from the carriage assembly there was a bind in the carriage from the left side and also in the center travel of the carriage resulting in uneven spacing in characters typed in these parts of carriage travel.Upon installation of the platten advance knob , in a few turns there was binding in the rotation of the carriage . At this point I knew this was a defective piece of equipment and most likely something that had been returned by a previous customer.When I called the dealer and explained this situation to them I also read the information from a pink color card that was packed with the typewriter and I questioned why the customer name was shown as Olivetti . It was at this point the dealer admitted that an error must have taken place and that the pink card was in fact a Repair Form ! I was issued a return authorization which I recived in the mail a few weeks later and returned this typewriter per the instructions and the return shippping was at My Own Expense ! I was sent a replacement typewriter and once again it arrived in a tattered and worn box which I feel is just not durable enough for something of this weight . The replacement typewriter had binding in the carriage , the Tabulation system was totally innoperative , the upper access cover did not even match the rest of the plastic case nor did it fit properly . I am assuming this cover may have been from a different machine . Additionally the piece of decorative trim from the front of the typewriter just above the keyboard was laying on top of the keyboard when I opened the box as the glue holding it in place must have dried out and the trim just fell off . Again , I found another Pink Repair Card inside of the box with this typewriter so I immediately made arrangements to return this one and did not want to bother having a replacement sent . Once again return shipping was at My Expense.Should you buy one of these typewriters , even if it is a brand new and not used ones like I recieved do not expect this to be like the manual typewriters of years ago . Although the basic framework for the typing section appears durable there are other things that are not . More than likely you will not find any local repair shop for these either . The platten material is very thin compared to the manual typewriters of years ago and other deficiencies were noted as well.Should you decide to buy one of these take my advice , Insist on having it Well Packed and Double Boxed ! The original box is just not that durable and other than the styrofoam forms on each end of the typewriter the box offers very little protection against shipping damage.These machines are made in a factory in India and I doubt they are manufactured by Olivetti , they may just have a license to put that name on them . Although it looks authentic and similar to the Manual Office Typewriters we used a few decades ago , the durability and build quality have little similarity.I have been using typewriters for over 50 years both manual , electric , electronic , portable and office models . I have also used Teletype Machines for worldwide printed communications long before The Internet so I feel I have had enough experience to qualify this review .
 I really needed one of these , but after reading and reading , I could n't get it to work ; how do I get a new one ? How do I return this one ?
 Unreliable , glitched constantly . Cheaply made . Badly designed , did not save settings , very unintuitive . Will never purchase anything by Brother again . Finally died a violent death .
 how to operate ? you need the manual for everything it is a peice of junkthat looks nice teh font size is too small to be read without glasses ues only 1/4 height of tape . prints accdiently when you dont want to waste tape , I think it is done on purpose , the tape separator doesnt work
 I have owned this labeler for a year or so now . The labels it creates look nice , though they are a bit small for most uses . HOWEVER , it is a battery hog , making it a pain to use , and not very good for the environment or the pocketbook . As an example , today I put in 4 fresh-from-the-box AAA batteries -LRB- that do n't expire until 2013 -RRB- . I set up the functions , made 3 labels , then started getting the flashing battery message . That 10-minute process had drained all 4 batteries . So ridiculous . This is supposed to be a handheld labeler used for organizing projects . With such a short battery life , the labeler is more hindrance than help.I am very disappointed in the product .
 It 's an ok labeler it blinks needs batteries all the time . It is not as easy to use as my last labeler I do n't like how the size feature works .
 The actual printing on this labeler is fine.I was looking forward to trying it out due to its QWERTY keyboard , which is an improvement over the ABC keypad I was using on another cheap Dymo labeler I 've had.It has all the standard features - fonts , sizes , 2-line printing , etc - and I suppose you might call its date/time function a special feature.Unfortunately for whatever reason , it can not save typeface formats . I like to print smaller type to save labeling tape , and this means that I must manually set the type size every time I use the labeler . This is an unacceptable flaw to me . Clearly it can store memory , as it uses batteries , and already saves the time and date -LRB- until you change the batteries , that is -RRB- . So why would it lack something as simple as a memory for type size?It 's braindead . Just like whoever designed the thing .
 I 've had this label maker for over a year and I was -LRB- pretty much -RRB- happy with it except now it has a problem `` Battery Low '' problem . New batteries work for only a little while and it stops printing labels when the battery voltage measures less than 1.4 V for each battery -LRB- I tested each AAA battery with a meter -RRB- . I 'm not sure what is causing it and there does n't seem to be a workaround for this problem , that I can find a solution for , on the Internet.So , I guess I got a year out of it which is good but now I 'm in the market for a new labeler .
 Really , save yourself some time and money and do not buy this product . Stopped working soon after I bought it and I barely use it once a week or so . Takes four AAA batteries , and they do n't last as well . I bought a couple of Brother products before and both were mediocre . Try another brand .
 You get what you pay for , I suppose . I have full batteries , and have only made about 10 labels . Now , when I try to print something , it makes a sound like it wants to do something , and then shuts down.Don ' t buy this unless you own stock in landfills - it 's a POS .
 Product came quick , looked good and worked great at first . I began to organize and label everything , but as I got going every time I printed a label , the thing would shut off . I can not figure out why ! I have to adjust the batteries and turn it on again . Every single time I want to print a label ! Besides that fault I would love everything about this label maker , but it was too late to return it once I got around to using it . My fault . So good label maker with many options so long as it works properly !
 Weird . Annoying . Makes a ticking sound , like an old mechanical watch , constantly as long as the power is on . Also , the m-type tapes are very difficult to use because it 's hard to peel off the backing . The Tz tapes have a slit down the backing to make them easier to remove , but Brother has designed its Tz label makers to create ridiculously wide margins on labels to force customers to use more of the tape .
 Although others have had success with their products , I have bought two , both had broken motors in less than 90 days of very light use . I would n't buy this machine or any other Fellows Lamintor because of the reliability of the two I have thrown in the trash !
 This thing never worked out of the box ... did n't try it right away so got stuck with it . It went to the trash !!!!! I could have had a great steak dinner for 2 for the cash that went to the trash .
 I hate this laminator ! At least 1/2 of the items I laminate bubble and do not seal . I have tried running the pouches through a second time and it worked once . I am a teacher and I use my laminator a lot . Next time I will buy a GBC .
 It 's a very nice looking product and easy to run out of the box . Unfortunately it does n't stay hot enough for continuous action . I ran 12 laminates and by the 4th one , I had to run each item two or more times to seal completely and clocking in at a tortoise-like 1:02 per sheet , it 's very , very slow . I finally figured out that if I needed it to stay continuously hot throughout my entire job , I had to run 3 mil laminates on 5 mil heat . Even then , I sometimes had to flip my sheet because the leading edge was still bubbling . I even tried another brand of laminating sheet to no avail . Also , clocking in at a tortoise-like 1:02 per sheet , it 's very , very slow . The bottom line is that this product is meant for a casual user . It 's not suited to a busy office .
 I have been putting furnature for over 10 years and have never com across a product so poorly designed and unstable . Pricy too ...
 I have been putting furnature for over 10 years and have never com across a product so poorly designed and unstable . Pricy too ...
 The cabinet arrived and both side panels are warped . If the way it was held together was sturdier , you might be able to pull the wood back from the warping , but the flimsy camlock mechanisms they chose wo n't do the trick and the thing wo n't even stand on it 's own . I 'll be contacting them for a refund . We 'll see how that goes .
 This item is so poorly made that by the time I received the item the corners looked as if the plastic chipped off of them . Almost as if it could n't handle the slight banging received during shippement . And it could n't have been the shipping that was horrible because the cardboard that the plastic covers were n't banged up ... its like a mouse got hubgry took a few bits of the plastic and found something better to chew on once it got the plastic . I am returning them and doubt I 'll ever even consider buying this brand again.I 've seen cheaper for far better quality .
 My main complaint is that the middle space does n't connect with the back so there 's a space for things in there to fall down into the drawer and then the drawer does n't open easily . Similiar problem with the back compartment -LRB- does n't go all the way down so smaller things in the two sides can go way in the back and be hard to get out . -RRB- It just seems like it was n't designed very well . It is nice looking . Anything else I looked at with a similiar design was plastic .
 It 's a cool concept , but the pen is slippery to hold , and has a very small ink reservoir . Mine ran out of ink in a few weeks of sporadic use .
 When I opened the pen to see how big was refill , it fell apart and could not put it together .
 The tape is fairly tough , but I ca n't get it to stick to cardboard boxes . It does seem to stick OK to something really smooth , like a paper envelope , but not to anything with a little bit of texture , like brown cardboard -LRB- you know -- all those empty Amazon boxes I have out in the garage -- -RRB- . One of the previous reviews has a response from a 3M representative , saying `` Please give our customer service department a call ... and we will work to resolve this quickly . '' That 's OK , but I think I 'd like to see something a bit more proactive ; something that makes me think the next tape that I order wo n't have the same problem .
 This `` heavy duty '' packaging tape does not stick to anything ! I used to love the `` Premium Performance '' Packaging Tape but it 's not available anywhere now ... so I am forced to buy this worthless product . I apply it and it literally peels right off .
 Can you imagine sticky tape that does n't stick ?? Not one roll was usable . A complete waste of money . I hated it .
 This tape is terrible . It wo n't stick to cardboard !! Is n't that what Shipping Tape is supposed to do ? I 'd avoid this product until 3M fixes their quality control problems . -LRB- maybe they used Teflon for the adhesive !! -RRB- . I 've emailed 3M to see if they stand behind their products . I expect much better quality from a name brand product like this .
 The tape does not stick to my cardboard boxes . Seriously , I wish I would have read these reviews before buying the tape , but why should I research reviews of tape before I buy it ? I went to the store , this was the priciest tape and said `` heavy duty '' so I assumed
 Bought a 6-pack of this tape couple months ago on Amazon . What can I tell you - on grand scheme of things it was a waste . It simply does n't stick to anything . Not to carton , not even to plastic . What kind of packaging tape is that ? I ca n't even seal a plastic bag with it , never mind a cardboard box .
 I thought it was me until I read the other complaints about the Scotch Super Strength Tape not sticking to packages . While this may be a very strong -LRB- labeled 20x stronger -RRB- packaging tape , it 's not much good if it wo n't stick to the package.I had previously used an off-brand very inexpensive packaging tape and never had any problems with it not sticking . In fact the cheap tape was very sticky , so much so that if you pulled it off the package , it pulled the top layer of the cardboard with it . On the other hand , the expensive Scotch Super Strength tape pulls off any package with no problem . I am using 2-3 times as much tape -LRB- criss-crossing it -RRB- as I did with the cheap tape . So the Scotch ends up costing me 4-5 times as much . Overall a real reputation killer for Scotch brand products .
 This tape is strong and clear and does n't curl up . That I like . But it is very hard to use in a dispenser gun because it is difficult to tear on the blade one-handed . Instead of tearing it just pulls out more and more tape until I have a piece much longer than I need and I have to tear it manually . So pros and cons.Update a few days later
 Length :
 I read the negative reviews for this tape but since they were several months old , and the 3M company representative had responded to them , I took a leap of faith and hoped that Amazon 's stock had been replaced and the problem resolved.Not so . I purchased four rolls of this tape , and so far one has absolutely NO adhesion , and the other I would rate as barely sticky . I got these for a little over two dollars a roll which was a great price , but I would have been fuming if I paid the $ 6 - $ 7 these cost in retail stores and had the same problems.For a company like 3M , which generally sells some of the best products , to have such a lapse in QC and allow this type of inferior product to hit the market is sad . I will not be purchasing this tape again , or any 3M brand packaging tapes for a while , in the hopes that they correct this problem .
 We ordered four rolls of this tape 8 months ago , and just got around to using it . It will not stick to anything . I opened another roll and had the same results.I 'm hoping that others will read this and try a different product .
 It says heavy duty . I would believe that given the thickness of the tape . You ca n't tear it off like ordinary packaging type . Yes , it is heavy duty as long as the tape stays on the package . It does not stick at all . You almost need you apply your own glue to keep it on the package .
 I bought this Heavy Duty Scotch packing tape because I did n't want to go with a cheap off-brand and get tape the came off the package during shipping . Instead , I paid a premium price for 6 rolls of tape that do n't stick to anything . Worthless . I hope this was just a production fluke and not indicative of a new trend at Scotch .
 This stuff does n't stick at all . I had one or 2 rolls of the bunch that were OK , but not great . And the rest were just garbage - no stickiness at all .
 Purchased a six pack of the Scotch heavy duty tape a while back and stored it in my dark/cool closet -LRB- away from sun/heat . . the elements -RRB- . However , I finally used it to tape up a box with fragile items to mail out . This garbage tape will not stick to anything ... and barely sticks to itself . It is as if they forgot to add adhesive ... what kind of quality control does Scotch have ? Heavy duty ... my foot ! This tape would not be able to keep an enevelope closed ... I kid you not . Very dissapointed ... will be going back to the cheap stuff . Shame on you Scotch - 3M !
 I ordered this bundle of tape thinking that after months of bad reviews the stickiness problem had surely been sorted out . it has n't been.The quality of the tape is great . It 's thick and seems pretty strong . The problem is the adhesive is terrible . It sticks on well the day you put it on , but when you come back two or three days later its pulled up and off . I just spent the morning re-taping boxes.If you need tape for some local storage you 'll probably be ok , but odds are you 're like me , buying this bulk for a big relocation . I 'm certain a little humidity and a whole lot of cross country jostling will result in all my boxes being wide open when they arrive . I 've re-taped as much as I can . fingers crossed.update - The boxes came through . the tape was loose on most boxes but nothing erupted or was lost . I 'm glad they made the trip but i 'd still look for something else if I had it to do over .
 I bought this about a year ago and the first roll was good for a while . Today I tried sealing a package and it simply would not stick . I tried the second roll and the same thing . The stick is GONE !
 Do not buy this tape - it barely sticks.It 's faster to use two layers of weaker but stickier tape , than it is to use this tape , because half the time you will have to use both hands to anchor the starting point , even though I was using my tried-and-true quality packing tape dispenser . The whole point of a tape dispenser and packing tape is to use one hand to hold the box , and the other hand to apply the tape . This tape 's poor adhesion defeats the purpose.CON - It has poor adhesive qualities on every packing/packaging cardboard surface I tried it on.PRO - It 's strong .
 I ordered this in late December 2010 , the tape does n't adhere to anything . Apparently others are running into this as of late . I spend more to buy Scotch tape because my business depends on properly sealed packages . Hopefully Scotch will recognize this and resolve it in short order .
 Saturday I packed up some items I would be shipping out on Monday . I printed out some UPS labels and taped them to the side of the box using this tape . Everything looked fine at first . Then I wake up on Sunday to see that the label has fallen off . Imagine if I had sent it on Saturday - the package would be lost in transit by now . I should 've known better than to buy a product that was stocked by Walmart . Demanding a refund .
 I do n't know what is happening , but I just tried out some tape I bought around December 2010 and it simply does n't stick - about as strong as a post-it note . They must be having a major issue with QC on this product . I am not doing anything fancy - taping closed cardboard boxes .
 Presumably I got a bad batch , but this tape does n't stick . At all . I really have to press it to the cardboard just to make it stay . It falls off right away . I tend to think that one star reviews should be reserved for products that set your house ablaze or come to life and rape your pets , but this is pretty binary
 This tape is terrible . It 's not even very sticky . I like to mail out packages with polymailers , and this stuff would n't work with them .
 I have happily used Scotch heavy duty tape for years and have always liked it . I recently bought a 6 roll package of this tape and find that it is much flimsier than what I am used to and furthermore , it does n't stick to the package . I turned over a box I was sealing and then found what I had just put on the other end had all fallen off and was sticking to itself.Suggestions anyone ?
 I asked my husband to buy me some packing tape today , and he brought home this product . He says he bought it because the outside label states , `` packaging tape , '' at one spot and at another it proclaims , in big bold print , `` SHIPPING . '' When you open up the plastic encasing the tape , you can also read another description , inside the cardboard `` wheel '' that the tape is mounted on
 I do a fair amount of shipping , I 'd say more than the average person . I have never really paid much attention to the brands of tape I 'm using mainly because the tape just works . By works , I mean it sticks to the surfaces I press the tape to . This tape does n't grip very well . Typically if I 'm closing a box to ship I 'll put a strip of tape on 3 sides -LRB- a little on the side , then across the 2 main flaps-closing the box , then a little on the other side ... . a very typical tape scenario I 'd say -RRB- . This tape does n't grip the sides , it pulls of very easily . With this tape I wrap the box 360 degrees -LRB- all the way around the box -RRB- . Once fully wrapped I do n't have any issues . But I 've wasted a lot of tape this way.Just a warning . If I had bought this at a retail store , I 'd take it back . Does n't make sense to return the 2 rolls I bought . I just wo n't buy this tape again in the future.UPDATE
 Despite what its description says , this is sealing , not packageing tape . So , if you enjoy `` tape battles '' , buy this and save a buck a roll , and you 'll be in for some fun.I 'll pass , and pay a dollar more a roll for tape I do n't have to fight with .
 $ 3.97 at Homeless DepotNot that thickMade in USA but they were not proud enough to stamp the thickness of this clear tape.ludicrous
 trying to move , and I bought this crap tape . Unbelievable , it continually breaks and I spend minutes starting over . It has taken me 20 minutes to tape one box . May god punish them .
 Bought this tape due to the price , however should have gone for the more expensive tape . This tape does not stick and is useless on a dispenser . Have wasted at least a full roll trying to pack boxes for my move . If you are moving DONOT BUY this tape - totally inefficient !
 Even for most cheap rolls of packing tape from the local department store , the quality and thickness is much better . I 'm not sure how durable this tape is , but it 's very , very thin and is so thin it bunches up with almost every cut/tear in the tape .
 I have a business requiring me to ship at least 160 packages a week , sometimes more . I bought this tape in a bind one day when I ran out , had to get to the post office , and lowes did not have the tape I normally buy . This is the WORST TAPE I have ever used !!!! It does n't stick to the boxes and when it does , it bunches horribly and therefore requires like , 6 more lines of tape to layer each piece of tape for it to stay without peeling or popping off by itself . It get 's stuck every time I pull it from the dispenser , either to the dispenser itself , ripping it apart before I 've been able to pull it up , or to itself , bunching into a ball ... it 's just awful awful tape and I 'm surprised Scotch would put their name on something so horrible . I 'll never buy it again .
 No wonder this phone is currently on sale with an additional rebate . This is probably the only way it will sell . The sound quality is terrible . I hear an echo and people I call say I sound like I am in a tunnel . Also , it cuts in and out like a cell phone that is loosing reception no matter how close to the base I am . I am sending my phone back to try something else .
 What a nice phone , I thought , when I opened the box and plugged the phone in . It 's after the first call that I start noticing serious problems . There were sometimes popping noises and just an annoying general background noise , in addition to echos and feedbacks from the mic . I could not believe it until I switched to a corded phone , by that all problems were solved . Very disappointing for a 2.4 GHz . It was probably due to interference with my home 's wireless networking , which seemed to suffer when the phone was in use -LRB- disconnections/weakened signals -RRB- . The battery life was surprisingly short . I think I only placed the handset off the cradle for about 2 days on standby before the battery went kaput . That was quite a problem , as anyone with a dead cordless phone would know . Phone felt functional and had IMHO excellent industrial design . I love the modern and distinctive ringtones ! Build quality suffered on my phone , with deep cuts -LRB- no idea how that came about -RRB- and uneven plastic edge fitting . I really wished they made the phone better . At the prices ... , it could have been a champ .
 This phone has a serious problem with static . I called their customer support line , and it was clear they knew about it . It did n't take long for the agent to recommend that I return the phone to the store where I got it . I bought a 900Mhz Panasonic instead and it 's great .
 I have been through three of these phones in the last four months . I am returning my third one to Best Buy today , and will be looking for something else . The phone simply refuses to come on .
 One of the worst phones you 'll ever own . Sale , or no sale , it 's not worth anything . Static , cuts in and out , strange noises , you name it . Beware the evil phone .
 I thought this phone would have good sound quality if nothing else -LRB- with few other features to speak of -RRB- . I was wrong , the sound quality is horrendous . I have had times where I have had to switch over to my corded phone when I could n't hear someone due to the poor quality . I would shop for a different phone .
 I purchased a black 240 and I have to agree with the previous comments . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE . My cell phone sounds better when I am in the middle of no where . Phone has static , poor range and poor overall sound quality . I bought this phone to replace a cordless that is 9 years old , and the old one has better sound quality/range . Very disappointed .
 Do n't let the brand name fool you . This phone has a tinny voice and very poor radio reception . At times , it gives static between floors of a colonial house ! If I could give 0 stars , I would . . no exaggeration here . . It is unlikely I would buy any autio/telecom product from Siemens again .
 The voice quality on this phone is just horrible . Little did I know , the phone is n't even worth what I paid for it . You can actually hear your own voice coming out of the handset during a conversation . Basically , you hear your own echo while talking to somebody.I want to warn any potential buyers about the phones dismal performance . Stay away !!!
 Sound quality totally unacceptable . The phone had tremendous echo , making callers ' speech often hard to understand . Am finding myself very disappointed not only by this , but by many of the new cordless phones I 've tried . Thought 900 mHz and 2.4 Gig phones would be better , but remember getting better sound quality from the old analog cordless units.Back it goes !
 The handset does n't always get seated properly in it 's cradle and therefore does n't charge it 's batteries properly . Make sure that the `` Charging '' indicator is lit.I also found that the microphone picks-up so much ambient noise that I 've had to cover the mouthpiece just to hear the other person . Also , the phone-cord/power-cord configuration is very annoying to me.Mine also had it 's battery overheat and die on me .
 This phone has a couple of serious shortcomings that make it less than ideal for home use . The worst is that if any station answers , all others are cut off from the call . That brings up the second problem
 We have owned this phone for over a year and are very disappointed in its performance . The microwave interferes with voice quality very badly . Voice often has echo on other end of call . It loses contact with the base frequently at very short ranges -LRB- within my house -RRB- . It registers a lot of erroneous entries in the caller id call log . Especially when you allow a call waiting to ring thru . The answering machine is cumbersome to review and delete messages . The battery life is unacceptable -LRB- less than 12 hrs standby -RRB- . If the answering machine picks up and you pick up a phone other than a Siemens , the answering machine will not stop . No stop button on the answering machine either .
 I do not recommend this phone due to problems with the handset . I have had it for a few years and problems have gotten progressively worse to the point the phone is practically unusable . In particular the Talk button is extremely difficult to activate when you are turning the phone on or trying to answer a call . It takes several attempts to get it to work . The number buttons are real touchy too making it difficult to dial . You also have to be careful to get the connection right when returning it to the cradle , it can be tricky to get it situated right . I purchased a new phone to replace this one today , it is just way more trouble than it 's worth . Do n't bother to buy this , it 's overpriced and not reliable . Just about anything would probably be better than this !
 I bought a Gigaset 2420 2 line cordless phone from Siemens two years ago and have had endless problems with the 3 handsets that I have for the system . My problems started soon after the purchase . I turned one off and it would n't turn on again when the power button was pressed . I dropped another one soon after a VERY VERY short distance and it went dead.I called Siemens to see about getting replacements since I was still in warranty and was told that the Gigaset 2420 was a new product and they did n't have their replacement process setup yet and I should call back sometime in the future . What the ... ! So , I replaced those two handsets with my own money . And then the buttons slowly started failing on two of the handsets that I use most often . I had to press the number buttons a certain way to get them to work . It was a major pain when dialing a number.I called the support center again . I 'd had the phone for 13 or so months at that point . The support people told me that they 'd had a lot of problems with the durability of the handsets . They acknowledged reported cases where the phone had been turned off and would not turn back on . They did n't seem too surprised about my buttons failing . They offered to replace my current handsets with refurbished ones.That was about a year ago . In the last few months I noticed the buttons are failing again on the 2 main handsets . It?s getting harder and harder to dial a number . One of the handsets also seems to have a worsening reception problem that sounds like I 'm getting interference from a microwave but that 's not it . The other handsets do n't have this problem.I called the support group the other day and was told that my product was out of warranty since I 'd had it for 2 years . I told them that I respect warranties but this is a defect problem . I expect a handset to last longer than one year before it starts to fail . They told me to basically take a hike . I moved up the ladder looking for someone that would even care to listen to my story but all I got was the company line that they had no authority to authorize a replacement out of warranty.So , I 'm now posting my experience everywhere on the web that I can find . Letting people know that Siemens does not make quality phone handsets and they do n't stand behind their product . Does this apply to all the handsets on all Siemens cordless phones ? Don?t know - but I wouldn?t buy another Siemens phone to find out . My advice is to NOT buy from Siemens and instead buy from one of their competitors .
 I too suffered static by the Microwave . Noticeable especially in the Kitchen while heating up supper , tea etc. . Sometime I have to walk 50 feet away to get away from the static . I would not recommend this phone . My first experience with 2.4 's . Not a good one .
 I 've had this phone for about a year . Its been pretty dependable and even survived several drops on the floor . Unfortunately call quality goes in the tank when using it while running the microwave . Also it seems incredibly difficult to get a replacement battery for this phone . -LSB- Several retailers -RSB- do n't carry the battery . Even the -LSB- manufacturer 's -RSB- website does n't appear to carry it . What a pain ! Do yourself a favor , buy a different phone .
 ... I took a chance and bought the phone.It 's beautiful , easy to use , and sounds great while you 're using it ... but on other end of the line it SOUNDS AWFUL !!! Literally ... this phone makes you sound like you 're on a cell phone , going through a tunnel .
 When talking , I could hear my own voice -LRB- echo -RRB- feed back through the ear phone . Very annoying . I have exchanged it twice -LRB- once where I bought it and once through Siemens -RRB- and each one had the same problem . Siemens has admitted it should not echo .
 Kind of disappointed with the phone . Get too much echo and cutouts for a 2.4 Ghz phone . Small size is also an issue . Talk button is also very touchy .
 I hate this phone . Whatever you do , do n't buy it .
 Who is Wilson Jones ? I do n't know , but I paid $ 8.06 for a single , I repeat
 What I thought I was buying was a pen desk set , not just a replacement pen . The item was incredibly over-priced for a pen ! This is third negative experience on recent Ebay purchases .
 I was going to give this product 1 star , but after seeing some other reviews I think that may be harsh.Personally I will never buy this item again , because I use my highlighters occasionally , not every day . My brand new Post It Flag highlighter stored w / cap on in a drawer is dead in a few months - completely dried out , while my favorites - the Sharpie Retractable ones - I bought a year or two ago seem like brand new . Now like others I am keeping a useless highlighter for the flags I never got a chance to use.Sounds like it could be a useful item though for students/professionals that have a need to use it daily however . Maybe 3M could make the product better w/a better capping system to keep them from drying out between uses .
 Great idea , no doubts there . The execution fails . I just got a blister pack of two , an hour ago , I just now attempted to use them both for the first time . I now have two pens that do n't write , but I feel obligated to keep around purely for the Post-It flags in them ... I have n't purchased a dry pen from any manufacturer in over 10 years , what 's the deal ?? I thought `` dry pen '' had been solved already . Come on 3M !!
 Post It Highlighter Pens are fine , but the cost of shipping is just pure evil . I have been in the shipping business and , I would suggest you just purchase from Amazon and not go off into the other sites . IF YOU DO , watch the shipping charges . Outrageous , and by the time I caught it , I could not cancel the shippment , and f I sent the item back , there would be a reshelfing charge . I would call this a `` Gotcha '' purchase and I will never do it again .
 After i recieved this product i found out that they are cheaper in the store . . so i felt like i was taken for a little money ride . The shipping was fine , no problems there , the price was much too high . -LRB- taught me to do some research first -RRB- .
 This phone looks nice and sleek and modern ... but it was always a bit quirky and temperamental . The buttons have an odd clicky feel to them . It does not stay charged unless it is balanced precisely on its base ... a base that does not hold it very well at all ... it is perched on a small-point that does n't support it for charging very well . Finally it just stopped working completely . Very disappointing .
 I thought I would try a dect phone so as to avoid all of the connection problems I was having with my old 5.8 ghz . First off , the phone feels cheap . It 's SBC branded and even though this phone has a color screen there is no reason why it should . You ca n't change the screen image or connect the phone to your computer to upload any data . So why a nice color screen ? So you can see the SBC logo better ? Lame.Second , the number 6 button barely works . Actually , come to think of it , the feel of all of the buttons is super cheap . I can only imagine the rest of the buttons will stop working or in the near future . I am thinking of returning the phone based on the issue with the number 6 button but I 've already trashed my box . Anyway , do n't buy this phone . It 's terrible SBC trash .
 HORRIBLE experience with this phone ! I bought my first set , with base and 3 accessory phones in July of last year . I had just had cancer surgery and although everything was n't working properly , I delayed sending the whole unit back to the company -LRB- 101 Phones -RRB- within 30 days . After my radiation therapy and recovery , I ordered another set so they could repair the first and I would have backups . That set had problems too . The company then informed me that I now needed to contact the manufacturer . The manufacturer is huge -LRB- SBC -RRB- and I have no information with the phones to track them down for return . They are warrantied with the manufacturer for one year , but good luck finding an address ! I have until the 23rd of July this year for the 1st set and then September this year for the second set . I am tired of looking for the correct return address for these terrible phones . They have great features but half of them do n't work , so ease of using it is a negative 10 !! I have juggled phones from 2 boxes to get ones that mostly work . Now I have only have the boxed pieces for one set . I feel totally screwed !!!! I paid $ 185.97 last July and then again in September for the base and three handsets . If only I can get this back to the manufacturer in a way that I can track , maybe I will get a couple of hundred dollars back . My hopes are slim right now . I am shopping in the stores now for a new set . Beware ! This phone looks good , but is very poorly made . I will NEVER buy a new product like this on the internet again . 6.0 had just come out and I thought it was a good idea . I will buy ONLY from an electronics store from now on so the return is clear . I WAS SCREWED !
 This is a pretty good phone for the price . Works pretty well , although I found the buttons to be a bit quirky . For example , sometimes when I hit the Headset button to start a call , I get a dialtone , but none of the number buttons will work . If I end the call and go through the process again , it works fine . Kindof strange . I have noticed a few `` button glitches '' like this . But the worst problem I have experienced is after using the phone for about 6 months . The Line 2 button just quit working all together . It just will not allow me to select Line 2 . Line 1 still works fine , so I am just using it as a 1-line phone now . Could just be I got a defective phone , but because it only lasted 6 months , and the buttons sometimes are quirky , I had to give it only 2 stars .
 I am a remote associate for a firm and so I need a high quality phone . This phone is okay , but the speaker volume does not get high , you get a lot of interference in the speaker . The headset volume is not very good either and makes it difficult to hear . The caller ID also record out of town calls but when you hit redial they error out because you have to push one first . Kind of annoying , invest dollars in a better product .
 I never did like this phone much . I only bought it because it was cheap . Boy , was it cheap . Like R. Farish said , the second line has just stopped working altogether so it 's useless as a 2-line phone .
 This phone is cheap and it shows . Purchased one and the speaker phone feature was horrible in a conference setting which is important . The hand set was inoperable , was defective and I returned it for a full refund . Do n't waste your money or time with this product for a professional grade business phone . It is NOT a quality phone it is junk.For those who demand the very best as I do you get what you pay for . I took my refund and purchased a Polycom SSE-225 and am well pleased with this phone .
 I purchased this product to be primarily used as a tool for advancing my classroom PowerPoint slideshows . At first , I loved my new freedom to move about the room while giving lectures . After a couple of weeks of gentle use , the advance button started to stick which causes the presentation to advance out of control to the end . I called customer service , and they kindly sent me a replacement . During the first day 's use of my new pointer , the button stuck and a slideshow advanced out of control again.I will be looking for a different model . I suggest you do the same .
 This is a flimsy piece of junk . The laser pointer stopped working for me after a day or two . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the changer did work , but only for about 6 months and then that broke too . Now I have to get something else but definitely will not buy this again .
 Pros
 I bought two through Amazon in April . One died in 15 days the other in 90 days . This phone is junk . Before total failure the phones were sub-standard
 Purchased this itellitouch SBC-166 speaking caller id phone . Phone package was in good shape but phone had many out of the box problems . Phone jack port was shoved up into phone , had to use tweezers to pull port back into position to use . Speaking caller id did not work at all . Very bad quality , many problems , did not work , sent back same day for refund , would never buy again !
 I am totally dissatisfied with my purchase . I ordered a big-button talking telephone . It does not have the big-buttons as requested , and yes it does talk , but the language can not be understood at rimes .
 The product was returned as defective . Intellitouch customer service number no longer working as such . Company appears to be no longer in business . Another company on internet now selling these phones but can not be reached by telephone . A telephone company that can not be reached by telephone ?
 I am tired of purchasing cheaply made items so I decided to buy this more expensive phone -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- . It lasted me one year . Not only that , the handset sits in a cradle that is so weak that a simple knock or tug on the cord , slides it off . I wish somebody would start to make a quality product . Here 's a telephone that after one year , has become landfill . The last phone I purchased , 30 years ago , still works .
 Did n't last 6 months before having problems
 I purchased this shredder about 2-3 years ago for home use after having used several ` el cheapo ' variety shredders that would clog and overheat the motor with anything more than a single sheet of paper . My intent was that I would spend significantly more money but get a shredder with high performance and high durability.My expectations were met on the high performance end . This shredder would handle 5-6 sheets of paper at a time without problem and would chomp right through staples without a pause . The motor definitely had more torque than other home models I have used and the automatic eye and reversing feature worked just as expected . My only negative was that I had n't sprung for the extra bucks and gotten the confetti cut version.I have pretty typical home usage patterns -- probably 5-10 pages 1-2 times a week . Significantly less that the rating on this machine . But recently the shredder started accummalating paper between the shredder wheels until it would n't function correctly anymore . When I disassembled the shredder head to remove the paper build-up , I noticed that the true cause of the failure was several plastic fingers that had broken.These fingers are intended to keep the shredded paper from staying on the shredding wheels . After a quick search on the web , it was easy to tell that this is not an uncommon problem with this product and that the company does not sell or provide replacement parts . If it had still been within warranty , I assume they would provide replacement coverage.I am a mechanical engineer by trade , and when I examined the design of these plastic fingers I would almost suspect that Fellowes was designing in a product life span to their product . These plastic fingers are obviously a wear item as they are stationary and in contact with the rotating shredding wheel axle . The plastic is thin at this location and as such , once the plastic wears through , the shredder is toast . At best , this is a design flaw . At worst , you make the call.I wo n't be buying another Fellowes product .
 only .5 '' high not 1.5 `` fabric is not durable , wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height , no leaks , does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brand
 The wrist rest part seems to have deflated a bit . I have to use it cockeyed where there is still adequate gel in the wrist support . It is comfortable ... but I wish I had either gotten a different one or that this one was not a dud . Move on to the next choice ... . this one is a FAIL .
 Vendor uses misleading photos in their ads for their over-priced product that you actually receive . Beware and read the ad carefully .
 A year ago I bought a Belkin Gel mouse pad for my work at the local computer shop . I like it so much that I bought another Belkin Gel Mouse Pad for home use . This time I was very disappointed with my new gel mouse pad . The gel is much harder than the old one I bought a year ago . Obviously , they are not the same pad . My old one has a circle around the `` Belkin '' label and not on the new one . My advice to you is that if you are not sure about the firmness of the pad , buy at your local store .
 This mouse pad was comfortable but fell apart after a few months . Probably will not buy again .
 this material is not the best for mouse movement and the gel pad has a lack of gel material in it , if it was purposely designed that way , it 's a bad design .
 I thought I was buying a support for my wrist but all I got was an item that looks like wrist support that does not support my wrist at all . It was nicely packaged but not what I needed . Some items you can not buy with pictures alone .
 Gee , nothing special about this mousepad . I thought the wrist rest would be good , but it 's odd to feel it there and I do n't notice any benefit . Othwerwise it operates as well as any mousepad I guess .
 I purchased this item as a necessity for work -LRB- purchase requests and petty cash are nearly impossible there -RRB- . It worked like a charm for about two months -LRB- I 'm a film editor , so it was used A LOT -RRB- . One day I came into work , started editing , and felt something sticky on my wrist . I could n't figure out where it was coming from because my version was black . Eventually , I figured out that my wrist rest on my mousepad was slowly oozing it 's gelatinous innards onto my desktop -LRB- and thereby my wrist -RRB- . I have hairy arms , so this is an altogether unfavorable combination . So , what I 'm trying to say is
 I purchased this mouse pad to replace a paperback dictionary I was using for a - wrist support - . I use a support to help prevent wrist - strain - when using a mouse.This was advertised as being 1.5 inches in height , which is the major reason I bought it.IT IS NOT!It is only about 3/4 inch in height.So now I still have to put a book under the - pad - -LRB- albeit a thinner one -RRB- in order to get the proper - height - that I want .
 This product contains lead and other harmful chemicals in the gel part of the pad . If you are allergic to lead do not buy this product . I bought 2 for gifts and have to return them because of allergic reactions to it . It is a good buy but not at the cost of your own health .
 I simply would n't buy this product or any belkin product for that matter because most of them contain lead and are unhealthy . How can they get away with selling such products . Just because they let you know that it contains harmful chemicals does n't make it right !
 I really like no-frills keyboards , without the many uneeded buttons across the top , so I picked this black Belkin keyboard for it 's simplicity . I would n't recommend it to anyone ! Like other reviews , the wake , sleep , and power buttons are placed up where the scroll lock usually is , and are very easy to bump when reaching for a pencil for example , instantly shutting down your computer ! Most annoyingly though , certain key combinations create ` ghost keys ' - random letters appearing - usually when typing fast . I could go on and on ... just do n't buy this .
 I was disappointed in this product . I bought it because my husband and I have a running joke about `` gluons '' . It was the answer in a crossword puzzle once that took us forever to figure out . A gluon is a theoretical particle . So I bought this a a gag gift for my husband . The only reference to gluons is on the cover - it is just a package of post-it notes -LRB- hence the `` glue - ons '' reference , I suppose -RRB- . Save your money and buy some post-its somewhere else .
 The garbage cans are great but come with no lid , the lids they advertise -LRB- an additional $ 9.00 -RRB- were way too small . Therefore went looking for the lids at the local Home Depot and found the the entire thing for less money and with it appropriate lid . When trying to return it , I have to pay for the shipping back and a 15 % re-stocking fee . Not happy .
 Purchased this for use at a Nurse 's Station . Not a good choice for several people to use . Did not stand up beyond the 2nd day , and it had been accessed only 3-4 times a day.Ended up buying a legal-sized binder , with D-rings , that worked beautifully .
 the ink in several pens exploded . If you get them , buy more than you need , you will throw some away ...
 I have owned a size C -LRB- large -RRB- Aeron chair since it first became available in late 1995 . My previous office chair was the tall model of the Herman Miller Ergon 2 . I installed the Aeron lumbar support when it became available a few years ago . I did not have a 12-year warranty , mentioned in the product description above , but I could have used one . The Aeron chair breaks , and parts are very expensive.The left arm of the Aeron collapsed about 5 years ago . Since the cost of replacing the arm assembly was uneconomic , I jammed a shim into the vertical arm adjustment groove to hold it up at a fixed height . Even though I am not overweight , by about 3-4 years ago , the seat mesh stretched to the point that I was bottoming out on chair hardware . Again , the replacement part was too expensive to justify buying . A replacement left arm mechanism together with a replacement seat unit cost almost as much as a new Aeron chair.I bought an Elasto-Gel wheelchair cushion -LRB- the best ! -RRB- and only wish that I had bought one earlier . It 's a vast improvement in comfort over the Aeron 's mesh seat and elevates the legs so that they do n't contact the circulation-cutting front rim of the seat . The new Humanscale Liberty chair , which I have n't tried , has the right idea , with a mesh back and a gel seat.A fundamental design defect of the Aeron is the thumbscrew friction arm height adjustment . I do n't have arthritis , but I never have been able to exert enough force on the unergonomic thumbscrews to get the arms to stay up for more than a day or two at a time . Instead of friction , arm height should be set with some sort of ratcheting mechanism . Simple but crude bolts through holes would be a major improvement , as they would work to hold the arms at the desired height.Other complaints
 We purchased 3 stands to hold the cards . The clip part and the arms themselves are very very delicate . One of them came broken . I tried to email in and see how to exchange or return them , but have n't gotten a response and it 's been a couple weeks already . So , I definitely would n't recommend this item or vendor .
 I ordered a bunch of these for my MIL 's surprise birthday party and the arms would break off or flop over so that the pictures would ' t stay up .
 Broke chritmas morning ! Very disapointd with the quality of the itiem . Was fr m 16 year old daughter , to hold GC and broke rigt off !!
 I received these but was not happy with the quality . One had a clip completely broken off and three other clips bent in various positions . My husband fixed them but they should have arrived in perfect condition not in unusable condition !
 This item was of poor quality . One of the alligator clips had been bent and it broke off within a day . Several of the others were not attached securely and came off when trying to clip in items . I ordered this for Christmas and unfortunately waited until the last minute to take it out of the box , or I would have sent it back . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 I received this product as a gift
 This desk organizer was not easy to put together . The dowels came through the other inside and could not be pushed back in , so one of my vertical pieces does not fit well at all . Also , the dividers on the bottom are made of cardboard ! What gives ! Cardboard - you have got to be kidding . Could n't you supply a very thin piece of the material that te rest was made of . When I put something on this shelf and it pulls out , everything fall off . UGH ! Try another desk organizer .
 I am a professional photographer with over 10 years experience so I have seen a lot of Gaffer tape . The Rolls of tape that I received have small blank unlabeled cores . They are also thinner stiffer and less sticky than other rolls of actual permacell gaffer tape that I have in the studio .
 Just a little disappointing to see that the cardboard core is only about a half inch in diameter . I like to throw my tape on a porta brace belt pack and ca n't do it do to the size of the core .
 this is a horrible phone , it has terrible reception and constant clicking and static
 I read all the reviews how the older HP Premium Plus Photo Paper supposedly was so superior to the newer one and purchased this even though I had to pay full price -LRB- I usually stock up at the 2 for the price of one -RRB- . Unfortunately the photos came out full of unwanted lines and were unusable.On the plus side I was thrilled how Amazon handled the return . I 've been a longtime customer and have ordered everything from a printer to a camera and toys for the kids but had never before any reason to return anything . I followed their return prompts , printed out the return label , and received a refund within two days after I shipped it back . Now that 's what I call customer service .
 First off , the paper is n't as glossy as advertised . Not only that , it has this blue tint to it that is annoying . I have an EPSON Inkjet NX430 and I can tell you right now , it is not my printer . I hate how the reviews say this is good picture paper , it is n't .
 Purchased this to use in my Canon MP 830 color printer . Using Canon brand colored ink . Printing full-color , photographic quality inserts for CDs . After 6 hours of drying time , the ink still smudges , sticks to facing pages and plastic surfaces , and peels off in smeary globs . Destroyed several beautifully labeled and burned CDs , and their jewel cases , in the process . Bought three packages of this stuff , which is now hitting the circular file . Never again .
 Not at all satisfied with the photo paper backing . I glue my photos into our album and this absorbent backing makes this virtually impossible .
 The paper itself is great but HP has a new feature called Auto Sense . This is a small barcode on all 4 corners on the underside of the paper . But when they packaged the paper , the ink on the bar code was n't dry yet so the barcode ink has dried on the print-side of the next sheet in the pack . After printing you can still clearly see these marks because the printer ink does n't stick to the already dried bar-code ink . The marks are especially visible if the corner of your photo is one color , like the sky.And on Premium Plus photo paper at 0.70 per sheet I 'd expect better.I 'm returning mine .
 HP Premium Plus Photo PaperI needed thick paper to use for business cards.I needed a glossy paperI had read that low gloss is matteWhat I receivedEverything OK except when it came to the printing.Ink dried slowlyInk tended to puddle , cards are not something to be proud of to pass out.Very disappointed in the quality.I have been using the Epson photo paper . The cards come out perfect every time . The paper is too thin to make good cards.Amazon has agreed to return item , a little inconvient , but it does help to know that I 'm not stuck with a box of paper that is not of any use . Thanks Amazon .
 I bought this paper to be used with an Epson Professional wide-Format Printer -LRB- Epson 1400 -RRB- . The first print made with this printer were doen with the HP paper described above . Skin tones were dramatically redissh and orange . Color were overall opaque and shadows , blacks , and other dark colors were overlly dark . I discovered this by printing two exact pictures , and noting the significant diferences -LRB- I used two types of paper , another type of Glosy paper , and the HP Premium Plus -RRB- . I was reimbursed for all teh boxes I purchased , and even the Office Max represenattive told me that many people kept returning this specific type fof paper . Do n't waste your money . Try cheaper brands , or cheaper HP papers .
 THIS MODEL IS INHERENTLY BAD . PURCHASED TWO SETS OF THIS MODEL FROM STAPLES , BOTH LOST HANDSET BATTERY POWER AFTER 15 MINUTES OR SO , ON ALL HANDSETS . RETURNED THEM TO STAPLES IN EXCHANGE FOR TWO NEW SETS-SAME MODEL . BATTERY PROBLEM AGAIN . THIS IS 4 BAD SETS OR 16 HANDSETS-WHAT 'S THE MESSAGE ? BAD DESIGN ! CALLED VTECH RECEIVED A BETTER MODEL IN LIEU OF ALL MY EFFORT . HAVE TO SAY THEY WERE GOOD ABOUT IT . THIS MODEL-MI6896-PERFORMS WELL . ONLY PROBLEM , SO FAR , IS MESSAGE ALERT IS SO LOW YOU CAN HARDLY HEAR IT , AND MESSAGES ARE N'T EASY TO HEAR , EVEN AT # 8 -LRB- HIGHEST -RRB- VOLUME SETTING . WHEN I GET HOME HAVE TO CHECK FOR FLASHING NUMBER IN WINDOW TO SEE IF I HAVE ANY MESSAGES WAITING . OH WELL !
 Like other reviewers , I have had nothing but trouble from this system . Two completely dead handsets that I have returned to vtech at MY expense , and now the volume on my answering system can barely be heard.GARBAGE ... save your money and buy something else .
 I bought this product from BJ 's . After I have it for a month , one of the power adaptor went dead . I called vtech customer service , I was told to send it back at my cost for a replacement . I wonder why they need the bad power adaptor for ?
 I was looking for a firmer sleeve for real collector cards . -LRB- valuable ones -RRB- My grandson says he will use these but I am still in the market for sturdier ones .
 I have these and a number of packs of generic brand from a local comic book store.Generic brand is 50cents . Price of this is now over $ 2 . And I do not see a big difference between them.I do not think either of these are durable enough for you to play with daily/weekly -LRB- MTG , Pokemon , etc ... -RRB- The generic ones are perfectly fine -LRB- and thin -RRB- for archiving though . These are a bit too expensive to buy in thousands.If you are looking for sleeves for cards you touch often , try those that have one side clear , with back solid . They will last longer and are not as slippery as these .
 You get what you pay for ... but do n't pay for it here . I 've found these at other stores for $ 1 . I bought these for use with Magic the Gathering cards . Total crap . The sleeves are too big for the cards lengthwise & just slightly opening them to get the cards in gets you wrinkles in the plastic that do n't go away . You can forget about being able to shuffle with these on too because of the weird size . I should 've just forked over another $ 7 & gotten sleeves I would actually use to play . I 'll find some use for these I guess , I imagine they 'd be good for putting photos in & taping them to the wall or something but if you 're looking for sleeves to protect your game cards do n't buy these .
 I purchased 2 packs of the 100 Soft Sleeves / Penny Sleeve for Baseball Cards & Other Sports Cards , on July 4th , 2012 . However , because I sent an email asking/telling of slow delivery , it appears my order has been cancelled.The email sent to seller is as followed : `` It would be nice to have a tracking number on this shipment . I understand I paid for a low cost item and the lowest shipping , but I ordered something from Carmichael , California on Thursday July 5th , and it 's already at my door . Today is July 9th . I also ordered something from Roswell , GA with $ 0.45 shipping on July 6th , and it 's already at my door.I will wait until `` expected '' delivery date , but this is very slow service . `` I would like to make it clear of the slow shipping , and just because it is `` included '' in the price , does n't mean you should wait until the last minute to ship the items.I 'm guessing the items were never shipped , thus the seller canceling the order.You have an obligation to paying customers , and if you 're running a business it should be your utmost priority to deliver your products in a quick and professional manner.Bottom line , poor service .
 These sleeves are not good quality at all they feel super cheep and are not good if you are using them for a game like YuGioh it took nearly a month for me to get them not impressed
 save a bunch and buy this item at walmart , its just under a dollar , too bad i found out after i got this one .
 I bought one of these about 2 years ago . It cuts through junk mail and cd 's with equal aplomb . During the first year everything worked great . The first malfunction was the automatic paper sensor that is supposed to turn the shredder on when something is placed in the shred path . This was n't too big a problem as you can turn the shredder on manually . Now however , the sensor that detects a full basket has malfunctioned . It continuously senses a full basket and shuts itself down . Best to look elsewhere for a better shredder .
 I bought this shredder in July 2007 and it 's now Feb 2008 and it worked well in the beginning and as another reviewer stated the control light that tells you the basket is full kept coming on continuously and you had to open and close the door for it to continue working . Then it started to continually run and you had to turn it off and on as you used it and finally the other day it burst -LRB- if you can believe that -RRB- which scared me half to death might i add and i sat speechlessly staring at it in disbelief . For an item i started out really liking it turned out to be a piece of junk . Please look for another shredder to buy . NOT THIS ONE !!
 The design for the laser inside the bin just under the motor is bad , the dust paper causes , makes this shredder stop with each use , Fellowes replaced it twice , same problem occurred within a month . It works but constantly have to shut it off then turn it on , or it shows a problem . Cleaning it after a while does n't work either
 I ordered this model last week because of the price . I thought it would be wonderful for the office . When the product arrived it printed lousy quality text and I very quickly found out that four of the keys on the keyboard did not work correctly thus limiting me to a 22 letter alphabet . My advice is to stick with a higher end product and leave this one alone .
 Do n't be fooled by the picture-this key rack is white . This is stated in the description , but the picture makes it look like it is steel or silver . It 's really a cheap , plastic white material .
 You get what you pay for . This is made out of cheap plastic and looks terrible .
 IF you are hearing impaired , this phone will not help you at all . The volume is too low and the boost button did not work at all . Item was returned .
 I was disappointed in this phone , and agree that the online ad is much better than the phone itself . Perhaps it works better for people who are not wearing hearing aids and using t-coils . I and everyone else who tried the phone found the quality `` tinny '' and harsh . I returned the phone , and am much happier with a Uniden .
 I bought this phone for my mother who has a mild hearing problem . I tested the phone for the volume amplification , `` Clarity Boost '' and ringer signal amplification . There was constant buzzing sound in the backgroud . I could hear my own voice amplified while talking , that felt like being in a big empty room . The volume control and `` Clarity Boost '' made some difference , but the whole experience was so annoying that I decided to return the phone .
 Clunky and awkward . From an audio standpoint , did not perform as well as I had hoped . Did not seem to actually amplify volume . I should have paid attention to the other poor Amazon ratings for this thing !
 The initial purchase experience with Amazon was excellent . The phone falls short of expectations because you can not go too far from the base unit with the handset . I would have expected to at least use it in all areas of the small home I own . Anymore than 20 feet awayfrom the base unit , I start to hear a chirping sound in the background of the conversation then it disconnects . Still looking for a better phone .
 The handset was not erconomically comfortable to handle -LRB- quiet large and heavy -RRB- Volume on other end of the call was too low . Volume on my end was OK . There are newer phones out there that do everything the Clarity C420 phone can do and better for a lower price . I returned it for a full refund .
 This chair was a gift . A leg broke and had me falling backward . Please remove from the market .
 My brother bought me this Chair . I just had a painful spinal fusion surgery . One of the castor legs broke when I was sitting at my computer and the chair plumited backward to the ground with me in it . Lucky I was wearing a spinal brace.This chair should be taken off the market . It is dangerous .
 Well , I was disappointed . I have bought three sets before at Costco and compaired to the 2 sets I got from you ... Costco 's product was cheaper , used more decorations and was in a very large reusable box that I can put 12x12 paper in after I use the cards . I 'm sorry to say I will not but this product again .
 This idea a real killer ... but the UX-B800SE is a partial failure.Purchased one but returned it the 2nd day.If your internet/email provider needs the SMTP authentication before sending out email , such as AT&T ; Yahoo!DSL and many of the major email service providers , you are stuck , period . There 's no workaround .
 I bought this fax for home use and it is pretty complicated . Have not used the fax to email yet and probably will not . I barely went through 20 faxes and ran out of ink . Finding a replacement cartridge was not easy , office depot was out so I checked on line , cheapest price was about $ 33.00 plus shipping -- then I read the reviews on staples about this ink cartridge , Sharp claims over 400 sheets out of this cartridge but reviews say they can hardly get 100 sheets ... so I am returning the fax . Will research to find a more economical one .
 This is a Refurbished Product -LRB- not NEW as it says -RRB- . I ordered it and received it today -LRB- after 9 days -RRB- ; however on the box it printed Refurbished Product . Opened the Box , it had a paper inside which states that you have purchased a refurbished product . Anyways since I had opened it I started putting it together and found that Ink Cartridge was missing -LRB- Read the User Manual , they have stamped with RED - Ink Cartridge Not Included -RRB- . Furthermore , Warranty Card has another Mark `` VOID '' . It will not work without Ink cartridge . Price for Sharp Cartridge varies from $ 35 to $ 100 on Amazon -LRB- not sure if it will even work -RRB- . Do NOT ORDER this machine . It is not what it says !!! I have not powered it on yet ; do n't know if it even works .
 Listen to the other reviews
 This is a real low . The ad clearly identifies a new fax machine and this is not . Although some of the other sellers do sell the refurbished , I clicked on this ad because it stated new . Well , the cartridge they are stating COST MORE THAN THE FAX MACHINE !! So , in the end this machine will cost you double the price they are quoting . Most new machines will have some sort of cartridge in them , but this has none.A slip of paper in the package states this : `` This Package contains a refurbished facsimile . These models require an Imaging Cartridge to print , As a refurbished product this cartridge is not included and must be purchased separately . `` What kind of false advertising scheme is this company trying to pull?The actual machine I received looks good and so far everything seems to be fine , but instead of ordering the cartridge , I will use the broadband function to send the faxes to my computer for printing . What a real disappointment this is .
 Works decently as a simple fax machine , but the main feature of fax over email is impossible to setup . After 5 days of troubleshooting , calls to Sharp and trying different setups nothing worked.This is not a sellers fault , who shipped the product very quickly , just a crappy product from Sharp .
 I could not configure the fax to work with an answering machine . When I called tech support they were rude and unhelpful . Every question I asked was followed by , `` Could you hold on for a minute ? '' while he read an answer from the manual I had already read before the call . I was told that it would not work in conjunction with an answering machine and the solution was to wait by the fax and receive it manually whenever I was to receive a fax.I will NEVER buy another Sharp product or recommend their products to anyone .
 This fax machine is terribly complicated ... has a hard time finding an IP address -LRB- internet address -RRB- and jams constantly . I think that Sharp just was n't paying attention when they manufactured this fax machine . It sounds like a great deal being able to fax to an email address ... but read the fine print . It 's difficult to use ... will cancel your faxes on a whim by resetting randomly . Maybe I got a lemon ... or maybe not ... but I 'd think twice before buying this fax machine .
 The title just about says it . I ordered this , it arrived . It would n't print . I wrote to the seller reporting the bad cartridge and received no reply . Months later I wrote again . They said `` tough luck , it 's outside the 30-day warranty period '' even though I initiated contact WITHIN the warranty period . So I ca n't tell you about receiving faxes or print quality . As for sending ... it pulls multiple pages , it jams after every page , and best of all , it sends one page and then hangs up . Great when sending a 40-page fax on a deadline . The fax-to-email function is impossible to set up , too . Do n't bother .
 From day one this machine would jamb during every other fax transmission . We experienced nothing but frustration with it until it finally ceased to even receive faxes . Evidently something happened internally and it began stripping the fax tone from the incoming fax call . Consequently , the phone would ring and ring without ever connecting to receive the fax . We sent it back as defective and purchased a Brother machine instead . I do not recommend this device .
 All I wanted was to replace in March , 2009 my very old fax -LRB- which required rolled thermal paper -RRB- with something newer . This monstrosity is not compatable with an answer phone - sooo , my choice is either not to receive phone messages OR not to receive faxes when I 'm not here . -LRB- I have only one phone line for both because I receive very few faxes but must be able to receive those . -RRB- Sharp 's `` help-line '' people are astoundingly unaware of that fact . My situation now is to turn OFF my answer phone when I think I 'll be getting a fax and turn it back on when and if the fax has arrived . How convenient is THAT ? BTW , I was also told by the help-line idiots that this was a NEW model , not even shown on their website yet !
 The Sharp Broadband Fax w DECT Handset UX-D1200SE does not perform as advertised . The technology for forwarding faxes to email is out of date . After 3 hours trying to make it work I called Sharp and their technicians told me the error message I was receiving indicated that the authentication software is not compatible with my email service provider , and that this is the case with most current providers . Nowhere on the Amazon , Sharp or other sites I visited to research this product is there any indication that this machine has been discontinued or is unlikely to perform as advertised because of changes in email technology . The Sharp technician said it has been discontinued for two years.Broadband Fax w DECT Handset UX-D1200SE
 I have to agree with the rest of these guys . My Sharp UX-D1200SE constantly returns a line error whenever I try to send a fax . And , like the one reviewer , I ca n't send faxes to email either . If only a good attorney would buy one of these turkeys .
 I usually read and study carefully before I buy a piece of electronics . On this one , I was convinced I needed a fax that would convert documents to email . Nope . All I really needed was a device that worked . This one broke from about day three . I would strongly recommend that some attorney pick up the process for a lawsuit here against Sharp , because there have to be thousands of people , like me , who got stung with this thing .
 ... send it to me rather than buying a phone made by Uniden . I bought this phone and it never worked . This phone 's range in my home was completely limited to the room where the base was situated , and the reception was horrible even while standing next to the base . It 's not even like it was a little bit of fuzz or static on the line , it would cut out completely and explode into this wild and disturbing noise -LRB- similar to the noise you hear when you dial a fax number on your phone ... horrible -RRB- , and the sound is even worse on the other end of the line as I learned after calling home to my wife . We bought a 5.8 GHz by Uniden to replace this one , thinking that maybe we need a more powerful phone , but we had the exact same results ... extremely limited range and horrible clarity . We have since purchased a digital cordless phone/answering system by V-Tech and have had ZERO PROBLEMS . I 'm not trying to say that V-Tech makes the best phones because I 'm sure that there are many other quality brands , but from my very recent experience , Uniden phones are garbage . I encourage you to buy a different brand of phone so that you can avoid the trips back and forth to your electronics store returning terrible , worthless phones made by Uniden . I wish I could give this phone 0 stars .
 This phone lasted ~ 30 days before the handset would randomly emit loud static when talking to somebody . At 54 days the answering machine decided it would be a super idea to play the generic out going message AND the one I recorded at the same time . To do this , it had to sacrifice the feature of actually recording what people said . Glad I kept my reciept ...
 This phone worked well for one year . Then I moved and kept it in storage for a few months . When I tried using it again , the phone was so staticky that most of the time I could n't hear anyone , nor could the person on the other line hear me . Changing the channels did n't help at all . I basically do n't even use it anymore because -- even for 1-800 calls , I 'd rather use my cell phone minutes than deal with the headache of listening to the static and yelling over the static and repeating myself .
 Returnedthis phone a day after receiveng it . this unit has too much interference . as soon as you are a few feet away from the base unit you can not hear a thing . or best case if you do hear something it 's mixed with various noises.this is my second Uniden phone and my last .
 Phone looks great and looks to have alot of features but the batteries that come with it to charge in the phone itself never charge making is useless . When I plugged it in the awsering machine was set to 2003 so I think because it 's this old the batteries are long dead . I bought it here on amazon for 19 bucks new including shipping but if I had it to do all over again I would never have bought it . This time around I 'll go to buy a new one at walmart or kmart knowing that it 's new and the batteries for it are n't around 10 years old .
 I initially purchased this because I wanted a translator that was small and compact that could provide me with sufficient English-French and French-English translations . This translator is small and it is easy to carry around , but that 's where the Pros stop . The translator simply does not contain enough words to be useful . I have been living in France for a month and I have tried to use the translator on several occasions , without luck . There have been many instances in which I 've been in a store or in the Metro and I needed to translate words ; I was not able to do this because of the translator 's limited vocabulary . It has gotten to the point where , if I come across a word I do n't know , I do n't even bother to use the translator.Instead of this translator , I would highly recommend just buying a translation book . The book may be a bit bigger that the digital translator , but at least the book would contain enough words to be useful - and it would provide pronunciations , etc. .
 I have n't used it while traveling yet . I am only interested in Spanish . I have a copy of `` The Cat In The Hat '' in Spanish . As a test I tried to translate it into English . If I did n't already know some Spanish it would n't have done me much good . It does n't seem to do well with verbs and idioms.It was not expensive so I guess I got my money 's worth .
 Very inexpensive but very limited and hard to use . I returned it and purchased a quality voice translater .
 i purchased on 5/5/2009 and it 's now 6/11/09 and i have not got my order yet
 this table is mostly perfect . it went together easily and does everything it is said to do EXCEPT it does not vary in height from 25 to 40 inches . at it 's lowest setting , this thing is about 35 inches high , which is WAY to high for the workspace we purchased it for . we bought this one SPECIFICALLY because it was said to go as low as 25 inches . the description should be corrected so more people do n't waste time and money on getting a product they ca n't use .
 This piece is as cheaply made as its price indicates . The threads for the knobs which make this `` desk '' adjustable were completely unusable . Fortunately , I know a talented person who bought a thread tap and fixed the desk for me for about $ 10 and his good will . If you do n't know someone who can re-tap threads , do n't buy this piece of so-called furniture . It would n't work .
 This table is too high to sit in a chair in front of the TV and work on . I bought it assembled it and how it just sits in a corner with plants on it . Totally disappointed .
 I bought this phone for all the great features it listed
 I have had problems with this phone too . One headset has died and the beeps that everyone mentions are a very big problem . I bought this because I work from home and the speaker phone option on the headset was a must have , but everyone on the phone hears random beeping ! I spent hours on the phone with ATT customer support and they had no idea how to fix it .
 The buttons on this phone are very hard to use . Sometimes you have to push them down really hard and press squarely in the middle . With other buttons if you do this you will dial the same number twice . This thing can be very frustrating . Does anyone have a key pad that works well?Paul
 I agree , 1 star is too generous . I have the same problem with the beeping and the hard to press keypad . DONT BUY THIS PHONE . However , if you already have it I have discovered that it only beeps or mutes , on our system , when you say a word with an ` ssss ' sound . So , you simply dont say this sound , sorry ` ound ' -LRB- remember , no ssss -RRB- . Oh I did it again . orry , no ound . So if you decide to read this review to someone on this phone , remember to remove the s 's . I realize this makes no sense . There must be a ` no s 's allowed ' circuit in there somewhere.Now , even stranger . I have been able to cure the hard to press keypad . But , you have to take the phone apart . When you do you will discover that there is an oily film on the back of the rubber keypad and front of circuit board thus preventing the push buttons to close contacts on the printed circuit board . Now all you have to do is get some rubbing alcohol , -LRB- if you can use the 90 + % isopropyl alcohol , the less water the better -RRB- , and a cotton swab/cotton ball and wipe the oil away . Clean the rubber keypad and the circuit board . Put the phone back together and the buttons will work just fine . For a while.This seems to work for about a month and the oil film amazingly appears again . The oil film accumulates on the middle of both of our handset keypads . Can anyone explain where this oil comes from?So remember , check the oil in your car . Add as needed . AND check the oil in your phone . Remove as needed .
 Remember when AT&T ; made excellent phones ? Not anymore.I bought this phone because it seemed to have the features I was looking for
 I bought it and it did n't last more than a year . The Buttons do n't work on either handset - they wear down and that 's it . After hanging up on so many friends it was time to trash this phone . My three year old tossed it with a smile . Do n't waste your money on this product - look at all of the other reviews
 This is the worst phone I have ever owned , and I 've had some doozies . The reception for the most part is good , no problems with the answering machine . We bought this over a year ago , and the first conversation I had on it the person on the other end complained about the `` beeping '' . I do n't hear anything ... just cuts out . It recently started hanging up on me as well . The number pads on both handsets do not work , you have to keep pressing , and pray that only one number will register . I should have brought it back the moment I plugged it in , but hoped it would get better . We spent more than a hundered dollars on it , as we purchased the one with two handsets . BIG MISTAKE !! Do NOT waste your money ! I will never purchase anything with AT&T on it again !!
 I have this model . Glad to see that I am not the only one with trouble . Beeps during the calls all the time ... actually cuts the voice out . Ca n't dial either . Press the button many times before the number registers , ... then get the number twice like a double beep . Piece of junk - do n't buy . Same sediments as the others here .
 The buttons do n't work and people get cut off by the beeping . Its a piece of junk . Too bad !!!!
 I get the same annoying beeping problem as the other reviewers . I thought it was interference from my computer , but I guess not . I 've also had the problem with the buttons on the phone not working well . It double hits the digit a lot which is a pain in the neck when I am using a prepaid calling card for my long distance . I 'm off to find another phone .
 I thought the beeping problem mentioned in other reviews was a problem localized to us ! this phone will beep at the person on the other end of the line . It also will hang up on people in the middle of the call for no apparent reason . This phone is a piece of garbage . Do not waste you money , I will never buy any AT&T phone again !
 We have owned this phone system for about a year . It is now very difficult to make a call with it . The buttons either do n't work or beep twice when you press them . We quite often hang up on people because the answer button causes the phone to answer and then hang up . You would think a copy like AT&T could do better !!!
 We purchased this phone after our old one was damaged by water . It seemed the perfect combination of features and price , but developed some very annoying problems , which we did n't follow up with the manufacturer as soon as we should have , so we are out our purchase price . First , the handets started generating annoying beeps -LRB- hearable only by the person on the other end -RRB- , then one of the handsets stopped funtioning in speaker mode , and , finally , it became impossible to dial out on either handset . We will never buy another product with the A. T & T. name on it ! If you are considering a purchase of this product , run away !
 This phone is the worst phone I ever had . My mother in law bought the phone for my wife and I . She meant well , but everytime I use this phone , I end up cursing her . Numbers on both phones do n't work when pressed . Thankfully I programed some numbers day one and can dial them using the stored number feature . If I ever had to dial 911 , I would die trying to dial the number . Actually made me long for the days of rotary phones ... yeah it took a little longer to dial , but those phones lasted for ever
 This is the worst phone I have ever owned . I had to return it after a few weeks . Actually , the phone itself was fine , but the answering machine was unusable . There was so much static that we could not understand any of the messages . And when leaving a message , there was horrible static as well . I wish I had seen the reviews before I bought the phone .
 I have had this phone for about 11/2 years and have been disappointed with it . The person on the other end is getting annoying beeps that are loud enough to interrupt the conversation . The talker does n't hear it but the listener gets a loud beep in their ear about every 30 seconds to 1 minute .
 It 's hard to review this product as the one I received was `` used '' . It was not a Model 2256 as ordered , but rather a Model 1256 . The product was pretty much junk , in fact it even had the old owners answering machine message still on it . A lesson learned , ONLY BUY NEW .
 I too , normally would not spend the time to review a phone . . Just had to add my experience also ... OH ... It 's the same as everyone else !!! ... . Was so so from the start ... . I dont use it much , and after a year . . One handset , the lcd screen had lines in it ... Then the base handset numbers became almost impossible to use ... . The batteries suck ... . What happened to AT&T ??? I will NEVER EVER buy a piece of their crap again ... . Just got the new VTECH system with Bluetooth and purchased extra handsets ... Now IT 'S AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!! Sleek , Piano Black , Slim , Almost like being on the bridge of the Starship Enterprise ... . AT&T ???? NEVER EVER AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My husband and I have had this phone for about a year . When we first got it , we discovered that it clashes with our Vonage voicemail . We can not check our messages on the actual answering machine which means we never know about missed calls until we get around to checking our E-mail . Our problem now is that one handset you can barely dial with now , you have to mash the buttons repeatedly and sometimes they get stuck ! The spare charger is now on the fritz as well . We only began to use it and the spare phone because of our problems with the original handset . Looks like we 're going to fork over the money for a new phone soon and it will NOT be this one again .
 We tried placing the base in different parts of the house as the manual suggested , but we could n't clear up the constant background hiss . Voices sound tinny - somewhat like a bad cell phone connection , and it was getting to be a joke how how often we 'd ask people to repeat themselves.The answering machine is also poor , to the point that we would have to replay messages to figure out what was said.We solved the problem by plugging back in our old Panasonic 900MZ phone/answerer -- no more hiss and people sound like people again.Sadly , we waited too long to return the AT&T ; system , so we turned off the answerer and use the phones mostly for the caller ID feature . And while it is convenient to have the AT&T ; phone in the basement , we typically answer it , then walk it upstairs where we can switch to a decent phone .
 For the past year my husband and I have been fighting with this phone . The features of the product work fine
 This phone cuts out and clicks -- once every few minutes . Every conversation
 The handset buttons do not work . This is possibly the worst phone I 've ever used . If there were a negative scoring system on Amazon , this phone would be a negative five stars .
 As my wife is fond of saying , `` thatstinks dot com ! '' After about four years with this craptacular phone system , we were on the brink of seeking professional counseling . Instead , we read the other customer reviews -- it has been incredibly cathartic . We laughed , we cried . Literally . Everything you can say about the AT&T 2256 has been covered here
 AT&T ; 2256 cordless phone and answering machine.Good Points * Phone and answering machine work if you do everything correctly.Bad Points * When the phone rings -LRB- incoming call -RRB- the handset stay silent while the base station rings . Why not the other way around ? When 's the last time you misplaced your hard-wired phone jack ?! * Speakerphone button . Does it hang up or toggle between handset/speakerphone mode ? See how you feel after spending half an hour on hold and guessing wrong because you did n't read the designer 's mind . Giving the user the right cues -LRB- even without the manual ! -RRB- is an important part of good design . * When listening to messages , the answering machine 's voice -LRB- the mechanized narrator -RRB- is REALLY loud in comparison to your friend 's voices . Why ? Good design gives the user a good cue . What 's up with this phone ? * No backup power source . Every time our power grid blinks off even for a few seconds , I have to reset the machine 's time/date . Help me remember why god gave us capacitors . ! . * The buttons are preposterously hard to push . Other reviewers have articulated this one effectively . I repeat it here only to express my bewilderment at the monumentally poor design . For how many years now has our civilization beein interacting with keypads and rudimentary IO ? Sheesh !
 The buttons on this phone are extremely hard to use . It is very frustrating to try and punch in a callback number to a pager only to be thwarted by a phone that interprets your finger on `` 6 '' as `` 66 '' or refuses to accept your finger pushing on the `` 5 '' button . I was worried this was a feature I would have to live with on all cordless phones . Now that I have read other reviews it appears to be a problem fairly unique to this AT & T phone . Do n't buy it !
 This is one of the worst phones I 've ever bought . I do n't save receipts on purchases under $ 100.00 , but if I had I would have returned this . In under 4 months , and we do n't dial out on the landline very often , the buttons on both phones became impossible to use . First when you push , nothing happens , then it overdials , or you have to push the button several times . By this time , you get the phone error message . Never buy this phone !!
 I was VERY surprised that consumer report ranked this phone as high as it did . It was a 4 + star . After having the phone for 4 months the quality and sound have died and the phones are near useless . I was VERY DISAPPOINTED in this product and will never buy an AT&T ; phone again . I should have learned my lesson after giving up their wireless plan . That is an entirely different story.I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone . I now am forced to buy another phone .
 I have always sworn by AT&T ; products , but this experience made me change my mind in one fell swoop . The buttons on the phone hardly work - one press of the `` 4 '' has you dialing the UK , and if the number you happen to be dialing has a `` 5 '' in it , forget it.As another reviewer has said , I 'm glad to have read these reviews , it has been cathartic !
 I do n't usually take the time to write reviews but I 'm ready to take this phone and throw it out the window ! We purchased the phone in June 2004 and was n't impressed even from the beginning but figured it did what we needed . We worked around the no back up system and needing to always reset everything each time the power went out -LRB- which happened a lot that first year since they were building a couple of new homes near us and on several occassions cut a power line to the whole neighborhood -RRB- . But my BIGGEST COMPLAINT is the HORRIBLE NUMBERS !!! It 's so bad that we have to go into our home office to pick up the Harley phone my husband has had for over 15 years just to dial a number and then switch to this phone to talk to someone . Also , we live where we MUST dial 1-area code each time to call someone but when the phone records the number on caller-id it always starts it with the area code and NO NUMBER 1 in front of it so you have to write down the number somewhere else and then go back in to the phone book to properly dial it and save it in the phone book . Even if you do n't care to keep the number you ca n't just call the `` missed call '' number right back because you must dial 1 - area code - then number ... Well , I will never purchase a AT&T phone again and will continue to look for some other phone ! I 'm still mad that we spend $ 108.00 with tax on this phone - grrrrrr !!! The most expensive phone we ever purchased yet it is the worst phone we ever purchased too !!! My husband and I usually live by the rule of `` you get what you pay for . '' In the past this belief as been good to us when thinking of making important purchases especially when it comes to electronics but it looks like this time we were wrong !
 Just in case it was n't clear from the other reviewers , this is one of the worst cordless phones available . I do n't know how you could design buttons that could be any harder to press .
 This has been a piece of junk from the moment of purchase , and it keeps getting worse . The quality of the outgoing message is terrible , and there is nothing I could do to make it better . Calls are full of static . The phones do n't seem to keep their charge for more than an hour or so . And now the caller ID readout has disappeared , leaving me without a caller ID function . Our Uniden phone is older than these , but have given us no problems whatsoever . I will never buy another AT&T product .
 Waste of money . This is the first time I 've bought an AT&T ; product ; and will never do so again . All the other reviews summed up every reason why not to buy this piece of junk.I 'm sticking with Panasonic . Over 20 years of reliable good phones from them ; it was a mistake for me to try this set . -LRB- Yes , it was on sale ... lol ! -RRB-
 I have had the AT&T ; 2255 - a nearly identical model - for nearly a year , and ca n't recommend it . From the beginning , people complained about the quality of the outgoing message , no matter how many times I re-recorded it . Some months ago , the second handset died ; recently , the battery on the main handset seems to be going . I 've never figured out how to check call-waiting calls without disconnecting the first caller.In short , the phone is a disappointment in a number of ways . There are better choices out there . Pick another phone - you and your friends will be happy you did .
 The seat foam was poor quality / low density ... not comfortable . Do n't feel that it would have held up for very long .
 I wanted a chair without arms . I guess that was my mistake because without arms , there is nothing securing the back of this thing in place . It tends to tilt back over time and the only place to tighten anything down is one screw knob located underneath the seat . This chair is MURDER on my back . I guess I 'll be buying a chair with arms . * grumble grumble *
 I needed a new desk chair and this appealed to me . I liked the price and while some of the reviews were not as flattering to this product as I would have liked I took a chance anyway . First , assembly was not hard at all . With the exception of one stubborn screw , the chair went together quite easily . Second , comfort sucks , I ca n't lean back even a little bit . Lastly , I have a lot of padding while the chair does not . Not a bad chair but definitely not a good one either .
 welding not steardy . Broke after a year making the chair useless . Problem with design . Otherwise , I sat comfortably on it for one year .
 This chair looks nice in the picture , but it is NOT !! Does not put together well . Back tilts back too far so you ca n't lean back comfortably . Also , the fabric around the edge of the seat itself started fraying within 2 months . I sent an inquiry to the seller and NEVER got a response . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I 'm at my computer alot for long periods of time . This chair is NOT good at all for me . The cushion was worn down by the first week and is now just some fabric over the wood interior . It squeaks constantly , and is not conferable . I would NOT get this chair .
 be sure to contact amazon before purchasing - the product I rec 'd is different than the one in the picture .
 I was sent the WRONG item twice -- it was NOT the one pictured on the web site or in the product listings.So it was not what I had intended to receive , therefore , product review is negative . The item I received was much larger and not soft or soothing for the wrist at all . Lousy substitution !
 Purchased this to go in my work chair and I must say the pad itself feels great , but its the securing part that is an issue . The straps are way to long and no way to secure them so that they are n't all over the place . They need to add snapping straps instead of the slide straps .
 This did not have straps long enough to fit around the back of my office chair , so I was unable to secure properly . Therefore , it kept sliding around , and was not comfortable . It is basically a piece of curved plastic with eggshell padding on it . Definitely not worth the sticker price , and not even the cost of sending it back .
 I needed a three tray system , and the photo shows three trays . But when the package arrived , I discovered they do n't ship what is shown in the picture above . Turns out that this is a single tray and you have to buy three to get what is in the photo . Thinking I must have missed something , I checked again . But nothing spells out that it is not a single device with three `` shelves '' . Frankly , I feel a bit mislead.I 'm sure someone will point out that I `` should have known '' , but I had been looking at single devices with three shelves . See the link below for an example.So , how is the tray ? Well , it seems fairly sturdy , as far as the frame is concerned . The wire mesh is unsupported at the back , so that does n't seem too good . I ca n't tell you anything about stacking , since I only have one . No rubber feet , so it slides on the desk , and will certainly fall off . Not sure if it will scratch my desk over time . It is a bit warped , so it does n't sit flat . It holds the same amount as my other trays - so I give it an average score on that . Most other trays have a `` slot '' in the front to help you remove paper . This model does not , so I expect a stacked set of trays will make it difficult to remove papers.I paid about $ 16 for this tray -LRB- with shipping -RRB- , so a three-tray set would cost $ 48 . Ouch . This is not a very good tray for that kind of money . A better choice would be this 3-tray set for under $ 10 on Amazon : SPR90206 - 3 Tier Desk Tray , Steel Mesh , 10-3/4 x14-1 / 4x11 , BKIn short - avoid this product - unless you like overpriced warped trays that will slide off your desk .
 I wanted a 3 tier paper tray , as shown in the picture , but only got 1/3 of it . they shipped me just one & supposedly they 're `` Stackable . '' I order on Amazon all the time ! & this is the first time I 've ever gotten something other than what was shown in the picture . I 'm definately going to call them & get a refund some how - & I do not want to pay for shipping or go to UPS or fedex . I will try & arrange so they come to me or something , or I get to keep the tray & get my full refund . not to sound like a jerk , but dude - what do u expect ?
 I also looking for a three tray system , but when the package arrived I discovered they do n't ship what is shown . Turns out this is a single tray and you have to spend 3 times more to get what is in the photo!I personally recommend this one instead
 You get what you pay for . This cheap phone has a cheap sound to it . People often have trouble hearing me on the other end , and there is this annoying echo that the other party hears . Pay some more $ $ and upgrade !
 This phone replaces a Siemens 2.4 Ghz system that had served us well for 6 years . We have been using this phone for about 45 days . The phones randomly lose their programming and you have to sync everything back up and re-record your outgoing message for VM . While talking the volume sometimes cycles from regular to loud and back again . The people on the other line do n't seem to detect the difference , but it is annoying . The headset jack is a joke . In the manual it says that while it is only tested and approved with 2 headsets , it may work with others . I have tried 3 others and none work . I have n't bought the `` approved '' headset yet , so ca n't tell if that will even work . The buttons are in contiguous bars horizontally and if typing in larger quantities of numbers , often one does n't take on the first press . Plus , there seems to be a delay in the pressing of numbers , so you ca n't even dial quickly . A few of the menus are good , but others it seems like they lost interest in usability . Although there are a lot of features , the ones I need , like mute and a universal headset are n't there.Now I have to decide if I will ship them back or not . I like that there is no interference with the microwave and the color display is nice , but those items do n't seem to be good justification for the price of 3 handsets and a base with answering machine .
 veru bad service , they only sent me 1/2 of the products , and i dont can do nothing with they , the item they sent me , doesnt works without the other part , so i lost money.I wrote them , but they didnt answer me .
 This phone is ridiculously expensive and it 's been nothing but problematic since we bought it last December . Siemens has replaced our phones -LRB- we 're still waiting for the last one -RRB- , but now it 's a new set of problems . At first it was an issue of the thing keeping time -LRB- you have to set the time , unlike many other phones that get it `` magically '' -RRB- . Now the phone is beeping at random times and the company is slower than molasses to resolve the issues . Defintely save your money and buy a cheaper phone !
 The graphics are lots of fun and my kids loved the intercom . However , the call waiting does not work at all . You have to hang up on the first call to take the second call . And I could n't get the message light to work on any of the three handsets I had to let me know that I had received a voicemail message . These are basic functions that an expensive system like this should handle well . I also fund the system to be over complicated . Too many steps to review the call log , add phone numbers to the stored list , etc. .
 The graphics are lots of fun and my kids loved the intercom . However , the call waiting does not work at all . You have to hang up on the first call to take the second call . And I could n't get the message light to work on any of the three handsets I had to let me know that I had received a voicemail message . These are basic functions that an expensive system like this should handle well . I also fund the system to be over complicated . Too many steps to review the call log , add phone numbers to the stored list , etc. .
 Try getting a list of folks who called , its impossible . The memory gets full for caller ID gets full -LRB- very quickly -RRB- and does n't let callers leave messages on the machine . . very disappointed with the Siemen engineers , what were they thinking !
 ordered base station and extension handset together , base station has not arrived . Can not use this product
 I have to drive 30 minutes to home from work to sign for this box of paper , and the freight company -LRB- Pilot -RRB- ca n't even give me a specific time to meet them . Pilot said Amazon wo n't let me leave a signed letter on my door so that I do n't have to be there to sign for my package . I 'm a Prime member . For the time spent from work and gas money I will spend to sign for this box of paper , I should have gone to Staples .
 This is my second one . The first one took a lot of abuse at shows where there was wind that wanted to blow displays over . This one fell once and broke in a number of places . I would n't call that abuse , but the advertisers call it sturdy . Not my experience .
 This stuff is specially made to attach emblems to painteted surfaces right ? No . WRONG.I used it to reattach my badges . It worked OK until I came to wash it the next time and I noticed they were loose . Hmmm . Weird . They peeled right off and I reapplied some more glue and reattached . After 2-3 days I was polishing my car and the polisher ripped the emblem off and spun it around under the pad ! NEVER happens with tape . After reapplying the stuff 4 TIMES I gave up and bought some 3M VHB tape -LRB- very high bond -RRB- that I will use instead . Pretty disappointed with this junk .
 Because of the description and the reputation of the 3M brand , I felt safe that this product was the appropriate product to re-affix the trunk badges to my newly painted Audi . Woops.Sadly this product is not the proper product for the intended use for the following reasons :1 -RRB- The adhesive is hard to dispense accurately as the metal tube opening is crude and awkward2 -RRB- The adhesive requires that it be applied to both surfaces , allowed to set , then pressed and held together . In so doing , the adhesive necessarily smears around the badge . It is not possible to apply the adhesive accurately without making a mess3 -RRB- Once you have pressed the badge in place , it must be held under pressure while the adhesive sets - good luck with that4 -RRB- Once you have accomplished these things , beware of your badge falling off at any moment . You see the adhesive is not flexible and as a consequence it is only a matter of time before the bond is compromised by vibratory impacts inherent in the use of the automobile.Conclusion - this product is junk , in fact it is likely that this is a counterfeit product not even made by 3M . This product reminds me of the old Testors brand plastic model cement - which was a solvent based , not contact based adhesive . The proper badge and emblem adhesive should be flexible and adhere instantly with one touch as it is not possible to realign an emblem or badge once pressed in place or you will smear unsightly adhesive around the periphery of the badge.I rarely take time to share feedback on products have purchased and used as generally I have been very happy with products I have purchased on Amazon and eBaY . However I felt compelled to help others avoid the disappointment , avoid wasting money and avoid damaging the paint of their car . I wish someone else had taken the time to write a thorough and considerate review .
 I used this product to make costumes this summer . The marks were barely visible no matter which tool I used to trace the pattern -LRB- serrated tracing wheel & one w/sharp spikes -RRB- . The marks were so bad no matter which color . I even tried going over it with a ballpoint pen & that did n't work . At work , my assistants and I cut out & put lines for pleating on black linen . A few hours later , after bringing the skirts home to finish , I could n't even see the marks with indoor lighting . I had to retrace all the pleating lines the next day . It did n't work on the other types of fabric I was working with either . Complete waste of money & an even bigger wast of time . I 'd give this zero stars if I could . I ended up using the chalk tracing paper that came with my machine that had been sitting around for 7 years that had never been used & that , while a bit messy , still worked better .
 Poor sound quality - an evaluation from those in the household with fine hearing , as well as my own , which is n't . Seems to be harsh , not clear . We tried it a few days and ditched it in favor of a corded Ameriphone Dialogue XL-40 . It does have some nice features in general but those do n't make up for the basic problem
 I purchased this phone for my wife , who has moderate hearing loss . The Amazon site product information indicates 40db amplification . The product literature that came with the phone indicates that the volume control adds 15db , and the `` boost '' feature adds another 15db , for a total of 30db . I will echo the other review , the boost feature is practically useless . I have very good hearing , and even with the volume all the way up , and the boost on , it was not too loud for me . Besides not being loud enough , the sound quality was lousy.My wife tried the phone for a week or so , and I have returned it .
 this is the worst computer chair i ever purchsed it is hard and the arms are total garbage the back is springy and wont stay tight just awful highly unrecommended at any price and I paid way too much
 I have this calculator for about 1 year and the paint of the digits have completely faded away.Often when I push a button , the calculator does not respond.When you push a calculation button twice , for example + , or first push - and then + , the calculator gives an error , while other calculators would take the last entered calculation button.When you would like to see a subtotal , for example 3 +5 +8 + other calculators would calculate at every entry of the + . This calculator does n't , so you have to enter = first and then do the rest of the calculation .
 Christmas gift . At first I was thrilled . I 'd wanted the functionality of a digital organizer , but balked at the $ $ $ of Visors and Palm Pilots . The touchscreen on the Franklin RF-8110 is hard to read in different types of lighting , and it 's not very sensitive to the stylus . The words under the icons are blurry . There are 3 address books you can use , but you ca n't see all the fields of an entry at the same time ; you have to touch the down arrow to see the next field . It has a calculator and world time , and even a Euro converter , but it does not convert Euro < - > USD . Optional password is nice . One-touch memory check , change to daylight savings , switch between 12-hour and 24-hour time displays and language changer are all nice -- as is the slim , lightweight design . However , the instruction booklet is poorly written and fails to give clues about what the different icons at the top represent . There 's no picture of the screen showing all the menu items , etc. I can obtain a `` free '' PC link kit to use with MS Outlook , butI have n't gotten it because I 'm thinking of returning the organizer . For -LSB- the money -RSB- it 's not a bad deal , but if you think , as I did , that this would be a nice , cheap substitute for a Palm , think again . Unlike the Palm , of course , you ca n't program it or send email , but I did n't want those features either . All I wanted was a nice , inexpensive digital organizer with which I could store names/numbers/addresses , get reminded of scheduled appts , and enter simple todo lists . Spend the extra money on what you want.BTW , the detail on the larger picture is not exactly correct . For example , there are no numbers above the characters when you are entering a message . You have to touch the `` ABC/123 '' icon to get numbers , once you go there , then you touch a `` SYML '' icon to get symbols ... just a few , and it 's hard to tell what they are sometimes .
 Problem one
 I am a non native speaker of English and when I came to the United States I got a lot of help from a Franklin Speaking Dictionary so I bought the Chinese-English version hoping it will do the same . First I liked the price . Similar gadgets go for a higher price and sometimes do not even have an English manual . The interface was also great then you can switch between Chinese and English . The disappointment came when I tried to use the `` say '' function . It did n't work . Hopefully my case is an isolated one . I think that if it had worked I would have liked this product .
 I never bought this but come on ! It just looks horrible - and Franklin ?! I recommend buying from Besta - they specialize in Chinese translators.The ones that have the touch screen pens are very useful .
 At first glance , this is a PDA but in fact the calendar is for displaying the date and time only . It is said in the box that it is compatible with several MS-Outlook but in fact it requires three transformations to synchronize the contacts agenda between the PC and the PDA . The PDF manual supplies a minimum of information abut how it operates and it is necessary to download html file from ... to find out what can be done . It looks like a PDA , but many functions are incomplete and very unfriendly . I think I have wasted my money .
 This PDA is NOT user friendly , Instruction manual is NOT very helpful and features it claims to have do n't work as well as others do from other companies . Save yourself time/money ... DO NOT buy this item .
 This phone is silver colored plastic , not stainless steel . The ad copy is deliberately misleading on this point , and adding the term `` finish '' does not correct the misimpression . Do n't be fooled!GE - DECT 6.0 - Stainless Steel Finish
 Very nice design but functionally a piece of garbage . Everything interferes with it and the mute feature has a mind of its own turning on and off by itself . Every person I called or called me asked `` what is with your phone '' !!!
 This purchase gave me the worst experience with Amazon . We had our kitchen renovated and waited for this wall mountable phone ... Despite numerous emails , vendor did not bother to reply on delivery status ... After over a month , they advised item not available ... I will not do business with this vendor again , and will not recommend them either ...
 Phone ringer did not work . Very POOR documentation ! Will be sending unit back .
 Yes , it is a wall mounted phone . Not a base station which attaches to the wall and sticks out 6 inches . That 's the good part.The bad part is , within 6 months the the key pad wears out so you ca n't read it than the phone breaks.GE - DECT 6.0 - Stainless Steel Finish
 Wall phones are more difficult to come by so when I found this one which looked really nice from the box I was excited to pick it up for around $ 50 . I was disappointed at how cheap it felt but again . . i needed a wall phone and this was the best I could find at the time . It lasted a little over a year when on day the receiver just stopped working . Now . . searching for a phone again I see this one ... well , not on your life . Not again . GE has made a bad phone and worse yet , they 've mislabeled it here by calling it `` Stainless Steel Finish '' . Well ... you ca n't say that you were n't warned when you open this POS up only to find you 've been had .
 The trash is exactly where ours has ended up ! We purchased this , along with 2 accessory handsets -LRB- using our AMEX rewards points -RRB- for our Series 27909 phone and NEITHER of them will sync with the base . We tried several times and ended up contacting GE about it , who told us to unplug everything -LRB- including batteries from the phones -RRB- for 30 minutes and then try again . When that did n't work , we were basically told , `` Oh well '' , and no offer of repair of replacement was made . We were told to return it to AMEX , but it was outside the 30-day window for AMEX returns , so we are stuck with this and 2 handsets that do n't work and GE does n't give a damn . This is worthless to us without the additional handsets .
 In order to be of solid help to other buyers , let me skip to the chase here . I think this is an absolutely terrific phone in almost all regards . But there are two MAJOR flaws that are so significant that I simply have to issue a rating of only two stars .1 . It is impossible to turn off your recorded voice -LRB- and the caller 's voice -RRB- when a caller is leaving you a message . This means that you have no privacy or do-not-disturb options . If , for example , you are entertaining a guest in your home , and someone calls , and you wish not to be disturbed , forget it -- as you and your guest will hear the caller 's voice as a message is left . This is such an obvious and dumb oversight by GE that it baffles the mind . Moreover , it took me an extra 45 minutes with the manual , as well as calls to the customer service line -LRB- rerouted four times , by the way , to other numbers -RRB- before I understood for sure that a silencing feature was not possible . The least GE could have done was stated so in the manual , as this is such a common feature on phones that we have come to expect it .2 . The bases for the separate handsets -LRB- we have two -RRB- are way too lightweight . It is virtually impossible to pick up or hang up those handsets without also gripping the bases in order to keep them from toppling . One solution , I suppose is to weigh down the bases with strong tape , but then you run the risk of damaging your table surfaces.If these matters were solved by GE , even if it added $ 5-10 more to the cost , this phone would be truly outstanding and worthy of accolades throughout the globe .
 I was not aware that I could have purchased this phone locally . If I had purchased it locally I probably would have returned it . It has a nice look to it and it does have a bright caller Id display , but the receiver sound is very `` tinny '' sounding . The buttons on the handset are flat and therefore you must press very hard on the keys . The sound from the built in answering machine works well it has a number of calls counter . The reason we purchased this phone was because our original wall phone quit working an we wanted a traditional look in the kitchen.I would only recommend this phone if you could overlook the poor receiver sound .
 I love the way that this phone looks but I had to go through the hassle or returning due to manufacturer problem with answering machine not working . Amazon handled well but the quality of phone was disappointing . If you get a good one the looks are well done !
 Vendor service was good . The GE product is not of the quality I expected . Hard to set up and use .
 I love the way that this phone looks but I had to go through the hassle or returning due to manufacturer problem with answering machine not working . Amazon handled well but the quality of phone was disappointing . If you get a good one the looks are well done !
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT STAINLESS STEEL-IT IS N'T EVEN CLOSE . The phone is silver colored plastic just like the silver colored plastic phones that every other company sells . The only difference is that the other companies are forthright about it and call their phones `` silver , '' and do n't mislead customers by claiming they look anything even somewhat similar to stainless steel . I have a Southwestern Bell phone that actually has stainless steel plates on it , but I need to replace it because it is 2.4 GHz and it gums up my wireless signal on my network . After looking for more than a year , I came across this phone and thought I had finally found exactly what I was looking for . What a horrible disappointment to open the box and see cheap silver colored plastic instead of stainless steel . I honestly can not beleive that anybody at GE actually thinks this product looks even slightly like stainless steel , and because of that , I have to conclude that GE is simply misleading people hoping that most people wo n't take the time to return the phone when they discover it is not at all what it was billed as . I guess they think that including `` finish '' after the words `` stainless steel '' allows them to get away with this sham . Either way , if you are looking for stainless steel , or even something that might ever be mistaken for it , AVOID THIS PHONE . I would have given it 0 stars if the system would have allowed it , because the finish of this phone is not even 1/5 of the way to looking like actual stainless steel .
 Makes a nice kitchen clock , vloume on high still hard to hear , when hanging up , does not disconnect , must press one of the buttons , which one ??? It 's a geat speacker phone . O'YA It 's silver plastic .
 I bought this phone because of it 's looks and the fact that it does n't protrude into the room . Its chrome cover really looks good on the kitchen wall and it fits flush which is hard to find , nowadays . But
 The letters on the keypad too small , I need a magnifing glass . The instructions very difficult to understand and make work . Can not space or use caps when intering names for phone book.I have purchased many cordless phones and computers , so I am knowledgable with these items . This is not a good phone . When I received it and tried it , I wanted to send both this and the extra handset , however I would now need to pay restocking fee and return postage to 2 differant places .
 In my 70 years , this is by far the worst purchase i have ever made . Handset feed = back when on speaker fone unless your 3 - 4 feet away . Voice mail can only delete if you disassemble all the menu items . This has turned me off GE and its Product line . I will look elsewhere .
 I bought this phone because it looks great and allows up to 6 separate phones to operate on the same system . Unfortunately , the signal from the base is too weak so 2 of the phones only work sporadically and 1 never works . In addition , there is a long delay after you answer the phone before the caller can hear you speaking . All-in-all , only buy this phone if you want to look at it , not actually use it .
 I liked this phone for it 's size and that it works great without reception problems . The speakerphone is good also.The problem I have with this phone is that after a few months use the display text became too dim to read . Now I have no caller ID or the ability to access the stored phone numbers . The warrantee requires the phone to be sent to factory and wait 4-6 weeks for return .
 I bought this phone because it was so awesome and modern and little . My little grandson fell asleep for his nap with the phone under him and crushed the lcd display and is was under warranty -LRB- two months old -RRB- but the ge people considered it misuse so they would n't fix it . Six months later the phone itself wo n't work . I have had better luck with cheaper phones and am very disappointed in this one .
 My friends often complain about reception breaking up when I talk to them on the DECT 6.0 . At first I figured it was them and their cellphones , but the problem is consistent . Besides , it never happened with my previous phones . The final straw was when someone asked if I was calling them on my cellphone . They said the sound quality was awful.Save yourself the trouble and buy something else instead . The DECT is slim , small and attractive , but somehow GE forgot that it 's supposed to be a telephone , too . Perhaps a visible antenna would have helped .
 My wife wanted this phone because of its small footprint . This is the worst cordless phone we have ever owned . `` Worst '' means that it does n't provide clear sound . Do not buy this phone if sound quality is important to you .
 althouhg this phone is attractive i would not tell anyone to buy it . this phone does not hold charge and finding the batteries has proven to be a mission this phone has not worked correctly since i bought it . should have returned it . dont waste your money
 I bought this phone at OfficeMax but I 'd like to share my review . I bought it because it it was only $ 40 and looks like it should be much more.PROS
 This phone was a total waste of money . The static is absolutely incredible , and it is virtually impossible to hear anything . I almost decided not to buy from Amazon again due to being stuck with this horrible piece of garbage GE calls a phone . I am again shopping for a phone and being sure to stay away from anything with the GE logo . It would be a shame for me to even try giving this phone away . I should have just taken my money and flushed it down the toilet .
 Do n't be fooled by this pretty face . It sounds like you 're talking in a tunnel . Voice quality is better on the worst cell phone . I expect more from a land line phone . And , to top it off , the return process with AntOnline is turning into a nightmare . I am not a satisfied customer , and I doubt if I will become one when this is over . I think I have simply wasted my money .
 I purchased this phone for two reasons
 the image product was very grainy when it was loaded into a computer . and you are unable to edit your uploads . it uploads as a picture , not as text . would be better if it converted it .
 These are NOT professional quality business cards . They should be on 110 lb card paper . In all honesty Avery has to sort of play to the lowest common denominator . My printer will take 110 lb but many will not . These are more like 65 lb card stock . They do seem to print well with a good printer.They are called `` Linen Texture '' but they are not really that , more like a rough matte finish . If you look at them with a magnifier you can see something like a texture . They work for me as I laminate them in 5-mil sleeves to make them stiff and moisture resistant.The Avery 8371 Template works in Word 2007 but is really buggy . It 's free and worth every penny . You will have to paste and resize each frame of the template individually . You may have to print testers . I print one on cheap bond paper and match it up over a light box.I use these and make them work but they are not as good as Avery would like you to believe .
 Nearly half of the sheets in the package had weird blue smudges or drag marks on them . Basically made them unusable . Thank goodness I did n't need all the sheets in the pack !
 There is a special place in the hereafter reserved for this product.There is nothing in the vendor 's marketing information or product description about which ink jet printers this works or does not work with . Only that it is for `` Ink Jet '' . On my Epson NX625 ink jet , an otherwise trustworthy and very reliable little desktop printer , this product fails to feed and print.I wasted a lot of expensive ink , an hour of my time , and a couple dozen sheets of this product to yield a total of twelve -- count 'em , twelve -- usable business cards . I have a trashcan of smeared and bent card stock to show for the rest of that hour.Next time I 'll go with the 250 pcs . for $ 10 over the internet , from other printing vendors .
 This is a waste of time for card designs that need centering . The templates are completely useless . I wasted hours trying to get them to line up on while copier paper , so I do n't waste the Avery . The template I used was for Photoshop . I 'm good with Photoshop so it was n't me , it was the template . I tried the word version template also thinking maybe it 's easier , it 's more useless . The paper quality is good and looks similar to the professionally printed stack - that 's why it 's getting 2 stars instead of 1 . I would recommend this only if you do n't need to center your design , or you 'll hate it .
 I convinced people that I could make business cards for them , and invested in the software and paper . Software worked outstanding , but this paper looked little better than standard copier bond . The thickness is minimal , and the texture is just on one side . I invested in Avery 's most expensive product and it came up very short . They need to do much better .
 Avery is living on its reputation , and like other companies that try this , their reputation is going down fast ... Cards can only be printed one side -LRB- no indication of this on box or in literature -RRB- ; also , they had problems w/ink spotting -LRB- not printer related -RRB- .
 This product contains many glue joints . Many of the joints on my Laminator were broken on arrival . This product obviously ca n't even stay together in one piece during the shipping of the product . Since , I did n't want to mess with the return process , I ended up lathering the joints in super glue .
 The paper is hard to align and feed which often results in a wrinkled sheet that is laminated , or if the sheet is good , all four edges must be trimmed .
 I 've only had this product for 1 year and I barely use it . I would Love to use it more often if the adhesive or refill cartridge was n't soooooooo HARD to replace . you end up wasting so much of the adhesive just by trying to loaded it in . It comes out wrinkled and with Bubbles . not to mention that the refills are so EXPENSIVE . i 'm so upset at this product . In the first week the blade to cut the paper popped off ... and theres other random things just popping off of the machine itself . Makes me feel like I 'm an amazon trying to get something done but I keep breaking it ... and I 'm not being forceful at all . . all in all , I could keep ranting about this all day because i wasted my money ... but my whole point is ... . I need to get a new one now . . lol . Take my advice DO Not BUY THIS ONE . or you will end up just as upset .
 Make sure to have return postage ready when this thing arrives , because it is an absolute piece of junk . Every single time you staple , the staple gets stuck . The machine does n't flatten the staple completely down . As such , you have to pull the paper out of the machine , since it gets stuck . On another website , I read several reviews that complained about the staples sticking . However , when I came to Amazon.com , nobody complained about the staples sticking . I thought that the other website was just an aberration . Wrong .
 This product was described to fit the Fellowes Powershred 320cc - but they do n't . I had to retrun them . Double check with Fellowes before ordering bags to make sure you are ordering the right ones .
 THIS PHONE SUCKS , YOU CAN HARLY HEAR ON IT AND THE BATTERY LIFE IS TERRIBLE , RINGS ARE LIMITED AND IS AN ALL AROUND A BAD PHONE .
 This phone is almost perfect . It has all the features you might want , is easy to use , priced reasonably.Unfortunantly , it has the smallest range of any cordless phone I 've ever tried . Even 15 feet from the base station my reception is n't perfect . At 75 feet it is unusable.Two caveats
 After installing this system including the base unit , caller ID unit , 900Mz cordless broadcast unit , and 2 handsets , we found the base unit to work well enough.However , if you plan on using the cordless capabilities , you will be very disappointed . The people on the other end of the line will swear that you sound like you are on a cell phone with constant breaking up and static . Try dialing a number is next to impossible on the handsets as well , because half of the numbers you hit will not register as tones when you hit them even though they display on the LCD.After 3 days of frustration , we bought the Panasonic KX-TG4000B 2.4 GHz Four-line System and we are extremely pleased with only ONE base unit that does the work of the Brother 's 3 separate systems . Also , the longer range with the 2.4 GHz compared to the 900Mz is appreciated by all.If you are looking for a 4-Line Base unit and nothing more , this unit might work for you . I have an extra one to sell -LRB- only 3 days of use -RRB- .
 Nice idea -- 4-line system , intercom , caller id , cordless , speaker phones , etc. . But in practice , these phones simply broke down . Brother no longer sells these.We spent ~ $ 900 on a system of these with both speaker phones and cordless variety . Cordless failed after an exchange , and cust service blamed our airwaves -LRB- radio station or something , perhaps -RRB- . They swapped our cordless units for more speaker phones . But one-by-one , the speaker phones failed , with symptoms being cracking , popping sound on speaker and handset , or simply not being able to hear anything at all . We now have only 4 functioning speaker phones , and I fear they will die too . Problem is , I 'd have to buy a whole new system to fully cover our house.Be careful when buying a multi-line phone system for your small office or house -- make sure it has been proved reliable , or you could get burned .
 This is the worst phone system I 've ever bought . We bought five phones for our house . Only one still works . The rest all failed in different ways .
 After 3 months of use , these phones just konked out on us in the middle of a busy time . They crackle and pop loudly . Of the 3 phones we ordered , only one was useable 4 months later . And it was a major pain in the neck to return it on-line , with no telephone number on the website to speak to anyone about it.S .
 Purchased 4 brother phones about 2 years ago . wiring the phones was simple enought and they seem to work fine for about a year . Now two phones works sometimes . display and intercom trouble on one and speakerphone works sometimes and not other times on second unit.I will not purchase a brother phone again
 This is very nice if it did n't eat batteries in .5 seconds . Would not reccomend this unless you want to buy batteries at a high rate .
 poor choice on my part.phone was plastic , never mentioned that in any of the product information
 I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AS I LOVED THE WAY IT LOOKED . IT WORKED FINE WHEN I FIRST RECEIVED IT , BUT LIKE OTHER REVIEWS I 'VE READ , IT IS NOW DEFECTIVE AND I HAVE ONLY HAD FOR 1 YEAR NOW . I CAN STILL RECEIVE CALLS BUT THE PHONE WILL NO LONGER LET YOU DIAL OUT TO MAKE CALLS . IT IS JUST COMPLETELY DEAD WHEN YOU TRY TO DIAL OUT . THIS IS NOT A QUALITY PHONE AND NOT WORTH THE PRICE .
 Purchasing and delivering this product was simple despite its size . Finding out that it was damaged upon delivery was a tougher pill to swallow.This board was taller than I am and very unwieldy to move about . When it arrived , I found the board 's metal sides to be defectively assembled and the whole unit incapable of mounting on the wall . I proceeded to try and resolve the matter with the seller on my own.I had an extremely difficult time contacting the seller to obtain a return label for this board . Communication was limited to email , and it took over two weeks to get the product picked up by a courier . This only happened after I contacted Amazon 's Customer Service Department to file an A-Z Claim . As it turns out , the employee who was handling my case had left the company and I was left in limbo with this defective product . Once the A-Z Claim was filed , I was promptly refunded within three business days and the board picked up in two days.The moral of this story is to proceed with caution when ordering an item of this size online because it is liable to come damaged if the courier and/or manufacturer do not handle it properly . I appreciated Amazon 's help in resolving my case and that is the only reason this review received two stars .
 Cheaply made and of poor quality . Arrived with a large divot in the cork and all of the felt off the back . Needless to say , returned the item .
 This mat is hard , thin plastic . For $ 80 , I was expecting something that was thicker and more amiable . The cost to make this thing is probably less than $ 10 . Kind of a ripoff.Addenum : After less than a month of lite use , mat is already cracking and coming apart . Complete junk .
 I bought this and paid more than other 3 ` x4 ' cork boards advertised expecting higher quality based on the description . Boy was I disappointed . `` thicker , more resilient cork '' , thicker than what ? The cork is paper thin . `` dense fibrous fiberboard backing '' Dense ? The backing is pressed paper that is far from dense and does not `` hold push pins tightly '' . `` resist warping '' It 's already warped !
 This is a great easel at a good price . Solid and sturdy . Used them extensively in the military in the field and on deployments . I would have given it 4-1/2 stars . However , the supplier is very careless about shipping this item . The easel arrived poorly boxed and was broken . Returned for a replacement , and arrived again broken , same type of packaging . Returned for a refund . Amazon has been very good about returns . Do not buy from this supplier . I will go to an office supply store , even though I will end up paying a little more .
 The phone quit working in just over two months . Repeated calls to the customer service phone number would automatically put me on hold for a long while and then tell me to call back later .
 Purchased a similar model NWB Excursion phone . Performance was poor from the start . Battery died incredibly quickly after charge . The real killer was customer service . When the phone stopped working entirely after a few weeks , I tried literally dozens of times to get through to customer service via the 800 number , which is actually on a big sticker on the base . They NEVER pick up - you 're on hold several minutes , and then told to call back or leave a message . If you leave a message , it 's not returned . Emails to their customer service were also ignored .
 I got this phone free after rebate . That said , this phone was n't worth the price to me . It has one very bad feature that overrides all of its other features
 Very flimsy board , with faux oak frame . Cork is very cheap and pins do not stay in it . Board was warped and backing was broken.I should of returned it , but it took so long to arrive I did n't have enough time to shop for a replacement .
 The product is very flimsy . We got two of them . Both were broke when they arrived . They did take them back , but given the structure of the board it seems unlikely an undamaged board could be delivered .
 The description says `` Oak Finish Frame , Natural Finish '' It actually was a sticker-like `` finish '' Instead of real wood it had the wood grain as a sticker ! Very ugly ! Plus the sticker was peeling back at the corners . I returned it immediately !
 I ordered two packages of these mailers and am not very happy . I 've pulled out about 10 to use and 7 of them have ripped as I opened them to put the packages in . I got what I paid for . These are also not the nice thick poly mailers , but I think they 'll do what I want . I wo n't buy them again .
 These are the worst mailers I 've ever purchased from Amazon . They were $ 2.00 a pack cheaper than the other ones I usually purchase on Amazon , and boy , the `` cheap comes out expensive . '' Our printed labels absolutely would not stick to these and practically fell off and had to be taped on to keep them from being removed just by touching the label . The material is `` shiny '' compared to the matte finish you usually find on these bags , which I suspect is the reason the labels wo n't stick . Returned 300 of them and purchased the ones that were more expensive . AVOID THESE
 You do n't necessarily get what you pay for . Nothing is a bargain if it is unusable!First and foremost , I see no way to securely address these envelopes . I tried ink and marker . Both simply WIPE OFF ! The surface is slicker than a ziplock bag with no opaque surface on which to write the return and ship to addresses . That is an essential feature for any mailer . Without the ability to address an envelope , it is useless at any price!I considered using address labels but there are enough negative reviews from those who have already tried and failed at getting labels to stick . Who wants to risk a package being returned or worse , wind up in a &#34; dead mail &#34; bin because the address became detached or illegible during shipping?Secondly , these bags are GRAY not white as advertised . That fact is not a big deal for me but the description is incorrect . Either way , these go back to the shipper and I will go back to the pricier but reliable Tyvek envelopes.Disappointed !
 These envelopes are significantly slicker and thinner than the envelopes that I was previously sent from this listing . I 'm forced to assume that the supplier has moved to cheaper materials . I would n't care , except they 're so slick that they wo n't hold shipping labels . I 've already lost the cost of the damn envelopes in wasted postage as things come back to me with the address label ripped off . I do n't address these things daintily , I cover the entire label with packing tape and the postal machines still tear them off of these envelopes about 20 % of the time . I did not have this problem with the previous batch of mailers that I purchased .
 just bought bags from TheGroupDeal . These bags do n't work at all . the stickers do n't stick to the slick surface . I 've purchased these bags for years , but this time - useless . I would try the bags again , but absolutely not from TheGroupDeal .
 These mailers rip so easily . When removing the strip that covers the sticky adhesive , the entire closing flap rips off ! I had to use packaging tape to seal the mailer . Not only that , I needed to use 2 bags just to make sure my product would be protected . I ordered these because they are waterproof , but that does n't mean a thing if the bag is so thin that a finger poke puts a hole in the bag . I would not recommend these . One of the worst products I have ever purchased .
 I purchased the bags to mail a t-shirt . The mailer bags seemed flimsy when I opened the package , and the bag barely holds one shirt . Concerned about how flimsy they seemed , I slid into the bag a light-weight cardboard backing . The cardboard poked holes in the bag material . After seeing the holes , I tried pressing my fingernail through the bag and it went right through . I ca n't imagine what would have happened to the shirt as it went through post office machinery if I 'd tried mailing it in one of these bags ! It could have easily snagged and torn open . The only reason I have n't returned them is it is n't worth the postage to return them -- it would be throwing good money after bad . Also , the only reason I gave it one star is you that Amazon wo n't let you give a product ZERO stars , because ZERO is what I would have selected .
 I purchased this after reading good reviews , but when I used these to ship textbooks the poly mailer bags were shredded by postal machines and I actually received just pieces of the envelopes with to books missing . I received so many complaints that Amazon actually cancelled my seller account after over 15 years of selling . They are ok for lightweight paperbacks , but college textbooks should never be sent in these mailers even with extra taping . Totally useless .
 Very disappointed that these plastic bags are listed under BUBBLE MAILERS !! They are NOT BUBBLE MAILERS , just plastic bags : -LRB- When I search for bubble mailers there are a few companies that have just plastic bags listed as Poly Mailers -LRB- very misleading as the others are Poly bubble mailers -RRB- . Tricky !! Take your listing out of bubble mailers !
 I thought these bags were rathewr flimsy for the purpose they 're being sold for -- shipping stuff . I did n't think ther were very well made at all .
 They were ok , but I tend to buy mine from BagsOnTheNet.com . They were very helpful and even offered me a custom bag with my company logo . Ca n't buy small quanities for the custom but it 's an option .
 I WAS TOLD BY YOUR AGENT THAT THERE WERE LINES ON THE CHARTS , BUT THERE WERE NOT , I WOULD HAVE SENT THEM BACK BUT I NEEDED THEM RIGHT AWAY , SO I HAD TO GO THROUGH THE TROUBLE OF DRAWING ALL THE LINES IN , IT TOOK SEVERAL HOURS , I COULD HAVE BOUGHT THE CHARTS THAT HAD NO LINES MUCH CHEAPER , I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH AMAZON FOR GIVING ME THE WRONG INFO , ALSO I WILL BE CALLING CUSTOMER SERVICE ABOUT THIS .
 I purchased this clock about 6 weeks ago . Everything was fine during the month of August . Once September came and time cards were collected for the week we noticed that the month still said August , when I called and asked why it did n't roll over to the next month I was told that this is something we would have to do manually each month . What kind of time clock did I buy ????????????
 The paper on the `` Earthwise '' Ampad flip chart is of very low quality and is porous with even the most `` non-porus '' marking pens . The bleed-through makes it impossible to use every page and with some permanent markers you must skip several pages to find a clean sheet . If you are an educator , professional facilitator or consultant who uses flip charts as `` tools of your trade '' this is not a good choice for you .
 The rating for this product is for the buying experience rather than the product itself.I ordered 024-032R -LRB- 1 inch squares -RRB- but received 024-34R -LRB- 1 inch rules -RRB- instead.Apparently , the product received is labeled by Amazon as `` Ampad 24-032R '' , but it also has the manufacture label which indicates `` 24-034R '' . The content matches the manufacture 's part number , but not Amazon 's part number and description.I would advise perspective buyers to buy it elsewhere .
 The problem with this flip chart is that anything you write on one page bleeds through to the next page ... the paper is just too thin for most presentations .
 I was thrilled when I found this copyholder , because I 've been looking for one with the side slider for a long time . But what a disappointment when it arrived . The main problem is that while the copyholder itself is of a sturdy metal , but sidebar which slides up and down comes as an attachment with a glue deal that 's supposed to hold it in place . I just do n't see how it would last very long . I returned it .
 I just received several of these and there are several major problems with this product .1 st -RRB- These are actually 3 '' binders , not 2 '' .2 nd -RRB- They are extremely poorly constructed . One of the three I ordered arrived with a major tear in the vinyl cover in the hinge . The inner cardboard is completely exposed.I am very disappointed with the quality of these binders , and I STRONGLY discourage anyone from buying them .
 I bought this exact binder -LRB- model 79982 -RRB- at a local office-supply store . The cover was peeling off before I even got back to the office , revealing the cardboard-like frame underneath . `` Heavy duty '' ? I 'm returning it.The one-touch open/close mechanism is nice though , so I 'll give 1 star for that .
 The first time I took this binder off the shelf , I was glad to find it held a number of women already stocked -LRB- I think my friend , who works for a women 's group , must have done that -RRB- . The fact that it 's 2 inches thick certainly helped , as my collection includes at least twice as many as those in 1-inch binders . Unfortunately , though , the one touch ring is so simple that it 's easy to accidentally open , as I did at one point , and all my women immediately escaped . Who would 've guessed they wanted to see life outside the domestic confines of binderly bliss ?
 I work for a non-profit that does regular mailings . This was donated to help make the mailings easier , but I spent more time trying to load the stamps than stamping . I had to peel two off first , as noted in another review , to thread it through the mechanism , and then the stamps jammed . We had a donation of over-long stamps -LRB- the state flags -RRB- , and they did n't want to go through at all . In the time I spent futzing with the load and getting a couple of stamps out , I could have stamped half my envelopes for the mailing -LRB- about 60 -RRB- . Even pulling the stamps out of the old-fashioned cylinder dispenser is faster . It looks cool , but it does not deliver .
 It 's a good idea for a gadget ; too bad it does n't work well . It 's challenging to load the stamps into it . It 's difficult to align the stamps onto envelopes . The stamps jam in the roller . The empty backing is supposed to coil neatly into the compartment designed for it , but it wrinkles , buckles , and jams instead . I do NOT recommend this dispenser . Go for a simple plastic one , if you can find it .
 After I bought this for use at work , the receptionist told me she had already bought one a while ago and it did n't work . I tried hard to prove her wrong . Actually two of us tried to prove her wrong but the item is extremely hard to use . The directions have an incorrect step and there are too many rollers within the unit that make the unit heavy and awkward to use . I had stamps all over my envelopes except where I wanted them . I even had one stamp on my desk !
 This is simply not worth the bother . Takes longer to load a roll of 100 stamps than put on by hand .
 We mail 50-100 letters a day.Unfortunately , this is a good idea , but was n't implimented right . Stamps would wrap around inside and eventually jam . We reverted to the $ 1 plastic stampholder provided by the post office.The vendor was prompt . shipping was fast . Product was far below par . It is not their fault .
 This item does n't work . It should be no stars . Now I understand why my local office supply store stopped carrying it ...
 It takes a fair amount of dexterity and practice to use this tool . It tends to roll over the edges of the stamps and may cause problems with the postal sorting machines . I spent a lot of time pressing the stamp edges down with my fingernail . I would not buy again . Look for one of the simple dispensers that holds the roll and the stamp peels into your fingers as you pull the backing strip . This device is too complex . It requires that the roller be positioned perfectly and the pressure on the handle is perfect .
 This stamp affixer does not work well with stamp rolls with backing . The excess backing starts to roll up into the wrong wheel , causing the roll to get stuck . Also , it is no faster than just affixing the stamps manually . A complete waste of money - do n't bother!This company took a long time to ship my order .
 I purchased two of these and ended up tossing them in the garbage . They were cumbersome , difficult to use . I ended up simply going back to hand application . It was faster .
 I 'm a sucker for labor saving gimics , so when I was at the office supply store , I decided to try the Premier stamp affixer.Sadly , it is n't any faster than applying adhesive backed stamps by hand.It takes about a minute to load ; you start by removing 2 stamps and applying them by hand to create a leader to feed through the affixer . It then requires quite a bit of pressure with your hand to push down , so that the rubber roller connects with the mailpiece and the stamp is advanced through the mechanism . I think my had would get tired if I had to apply several hundred stamps pushing that hard . It was also difficult to get the stamp to go in the correct place.On a 100 stamp roll , I broke the backing tape twice -LRB- requiring reloading -RRB- , had two stamps jamb in the unit , and the final two stamps got tangled and had to be fed by hand.I 'm comparing the speed of this unit to my manual technique for applying stamps . In this approach , the envelope is turned 90 degrees clockwise so that the stamp location is down and to the right . This allows you to feed stamps one by one off of the roll without having to rotate the roll or the stamp .
 I hate this thing . I ended up returning it because it pulled the stamps off the coil and down inside the wheels of this item . You 're better off getting a simple plastic holder .
 Although I could get this little gizmo to work sometimes , it is quirky and , over the long haul , not worth the trouble . Once a stamp gets lodged in the mechanism , which can happen pretty quickly , everything is knocked off and it ceases to work properly . It relies on stamps being perforated to an exquisite level of perfection and cut exactly straight . Of course , they hardly ever are , so stamps get jammed . Save your money .
 Do n't waste your money or time on this tempting contraption . I do a lot of mailings and thought this product would help me save time . All it did was frustrate me beyond belief . It takes an inordinate amount of effort to get it to `` work , '' which it does n't really do . Trust me -- you 're much better off peeling and applying your stamps by hand . I 've written the manufacturer an e-mail letting them know that their product does n't do what it claims . Hopefully they 'll improve it before more suckers like me throw away their money .
 I work in an office that sends 100-150 pieces of mail per day , and affixing stamps by hand has grown quite tedious . I saw this little gadget and thought it might be quite helpful and might even save me a bit of time.I could n't have been more wrong!I think the best verb to describe using this machine is `` battle ! `` It 's a battle to get the stamps loaded . It 's a battle to attach each stamp . It 's a battle to keep it from jamming , with the backing paper folding over on itself and causing the stamps to stick inside the machine where they can not be retrieved.After using it for just one roll of stamps , I give up . The Premier EZ Stamp Affixer has won this battle . I will be returning it , and I expect a full refund . This product is defective and useless , and any review that gives it 5 stars is FAKE !!!
 You will have to continually reload the stamps as the backing will break or feed back on it self jamming the device .
 There is absolutely no way that the people who manufacture this expect anyone to ever use it.We had several people try it with a roll or two of stamps . Even if every second or third stamp did n't rip or stick together , it would still be slower then applying stamps by hand . Even loading it is difficult . You can have a few dozen stamps applied by hand in the time it takes to load . The only purpose of this thing is to sell and make money . The 5 star reviews here are completely fake . If you really want to spend money on this , just give someone $ 20.00 and save yourself the grief .
 This applicator is slow and difficult to use . Save your time and money.It is quicker to apply by hand . The unit gets jamed easily .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 These cards were smaller than what I expected so I was disappointed . I will probably not buy cards on line in the future ,
 Maybe I am expecting too much but it seems like jambs every 4-5 minutes or less . It is kind of frustrating when you have to keep starting over . It seems durable enough however .
 I bought this in the hope that it would save me time in processing the misc jars of coins I 've accumulated . I ended up rolling the coins manually as this machine consistently dropped dimes into the penny slot -LRB- between pennies -RRB- and nickels into the quarters slot -LRB- between quarters -RRB- . To work for me , I coin sorter should1 -RRB- Be accurate2 -RRB- Be easy to useThis machine is neither . The ease of use issue relates to knowing if you have enough coins in a roll to ensure a proper count . There were multiple times where I could n't tell if I was one coin under or over the proper number and ended out dumping the roll on the counter and counting by hand.As I said above , I ended up rolling the rest of my thousand-plus coins by hand as I could n't rely on this machine . I suggest either buying something much more high-end or buying a simple manual counting tool , which is what I 'm about to do now that I 've returned this useless sorter .
 This is not worth $ 20 , let alone the almost $ 60 price . I placed nothing but dimes in the sorter , twice , and both times the count was incorrect , sorting 40 to 45 coins into the dime tube rather than the 50 that is supposed to be placed in dime tubes . If I wanted to count coins , I would not have bought this stupid thing . In fact , the WHOLE purpose was to avoid counting the damn things . I will return this junk for a refund .
 Bought this item and anxiously set it up . Started right up and seemed to be working fine then it jammed . Tilted machine as per instruction and could hear coins rattling inside housing . Removed the cover got the coins out and started again , this time watching carefully . Noticed pennys falling into quarter and nickel and dime holders . Had about 25 rolls of coins and each and every one had pennys in them . Needless to say , this item is junk and goes back .
 I liked the price and bought the unit because the reviews I read said it was reliable and did n't break down like the cheap battery operated units on the market . I plugged in the unit and put mostly pennies and some quarters , dimes and nickels in the bin . The pennies went in the penny and nickel slots , the dimes went in the dime and penny slots . I emptied the sorter and started over with just a handful of coins since I thought that I may have put too many coins in the machine . The same thing happened and some of the coins disappeared in the machine . The users manual did not help . I returned the machine to Amazon with no hassle or cost and decided to just sort my coins the old fashioned way .
 Jams easily , not accurate , coins get stuck in housing -LRB- had to take the bottom off to get the coins out -RRB- coin rolls become full and coins flow over into tray -LRB- have to count them to make sure each roll is right - not what I wanted to do in the first place -RRB- , coins got stuck under rotating mechanism and caused a loud clicking sound -LRB- once again , had to disassemble to get them out -RRB- , do n't waste your time or money on this piece of junk !!
 Broken pos . The item simply would n't turn on . Was just a hassle . Awful awful awful awful . Bad buy . .
 I received machine in timely fashion , put in my first helping of change and whamit jams . no way to disassembleit . No way to clear any problems . Total Crap .
 My coin sorter broke in about five weeks . First the tray jammed open , then bits of plastic fell out . After the plastic bits came out the tray would slide but nothing would line up and work . I collect only pocket change from my husband and myself . During the time that it worked I put together seven rolls of coins , so I do n't believe that I over worked it . I would not encourage you to buy this coin sorter , I will not buy another like it .
 I initially was pleased with this product . However , after using it for 2 weeks , the penny counter does n't work and jams up causing pennies to fly into all sorting tubes . At this point , I have to sort out the pennies and use it only for silver coins . As pennies are the most common coin dropped into the charity container , it has taken some of the quickness of getting this project done . We are a non-profit so I did n't want to spend a thousand dollars on a coin sorter , but I would have selected a different one that could handle the load .
 The coin holder often only catches 49 out of 50 needed pennies for a roll forcing you to count and see if it missed one . It would be very convenient if there were dashes to tell you how many coins are in each wrapper . Thats just my Two Cents -LRB- Pun intended . -RRB- . But all kidding aside , When it gets clogged all of the coins shoot out of all of the wholes but this only happens on the rare occasion in gets clogged.ErIc LaNg
 This coin sorter would be better if it were accurate . I put in the exact number of coins for one role of each quarters , nickles , dimes , pennies ... and it underfilled every one by two or three coins . So it 's pretty useless .
 power switch is cheap and unreliable . only works some of the time . nice design otherwise . appeared to be jam free .
 The coins are suppose to slide down shoots into the wrappers . Does n't happen . The majority of coins miss the wrapper and fall into the tray . It 's a constant reloading and there 's no counting possible . I ca n't believe such a bad product would even be made !
 You will not be happy if you purchase this item , I makes mistakes , it gets clogged
 I had to removed money to be sure the correct about was in the paper container . As filling the paper container some of the coins would flip out
 I received the Coin Sorter this afternoon . As soon as I turned it on I learned that it does not work . THE MOTOR WAS DEFECTIVE . IT DID NOT TURN-ON , FOR EVEN ONE LOUSY SECOND!I consider it a total waste of my somewhat liited time to order a product and anxiously wait for it to come - only to learn that the manufacturer does not even test their products before shipping to customers.Now I have to waste more time looking for one that actually has a motor that works , order it , wait for it , and just hope and pray that the product does what it is suppose to do.Sometimes , shopping on the internet can be a major hassle . This is the second time this month -LRB- january 2009 -RRB- that I received a product that does not work - BOTH TIMES FROM AMAZON.COM .
 I purchased this item -LRB- I thought -RRB- through Amazon.com , but I found out after wanting to give a review of Royal Sovereign Company , that it was only the payment that was processed though Amazon , not the actual item.Cons - Things that are not stated up front before purchasing the item :1 . You have to have the pre-made round coin wrappers as the flat ones just do n't fit and cause problems when in the sorting process .2 . The machine does n't stop with the actual monies that is suppose to fill the coin wrapper . It goes into the coin tray and because it does n't count , you have to count the coins .3 . The nickel slot takes one more nickel over the actual plastic tube size to make the actual $ 2.00 that is to be placed in the coin wrapper.I actually counted the coins and marked with a black marker at the point that the correct amount was to be filled . This helps , but the nickel tube is not made to hold the correct amount of $ 2.00 . While rolling the coins , I notice the machine bogging down.In checking the return policy this is what is stated : WarrantyOffice Products
 I purchased this coin sorter after reading the reviews on here . I have appx $ 400 is change that I wanted to sort and place into coin wrappers as this models main purpose is . I was very disappointed that after only putting through $ 10 in quarters -LRB- $ 2 at a time -RRB- , the motor seized up and it stopped working . It is very cheap in it 's build quality and I will not buy another one . I will seek out another brand and move on . I hope this review helps others looking at this model!Pros
 The unit seems very cheaply made for 60.00 . It sounds like it 's going to break as soon as it starts sorting and does n't seem to handle very many coins at once . The coins got stuck a lot , went into wrong places , and worst of all did n't put the correct amounts in the slots . I will be returning it and hope to find a better one . The nice part is that it is not battery operated which is what I am looking for .
 Purchased this item for my daughter to put her housekeys on . Wanted something she would like so she would be more likely to take care of it . When it was received it was put together a little backward , meaning that it would not straighten out with the decorative side showing . The key clasp was also broken so I had to get my own to fix it .
 Received black color which is not appealing to look at . Although price is very economical , I would not order again if not given an option to select color . The other colors looked nice , too bad that 's not what they sent .
 I got the two most bland colors available -LRB- black & gold -RRB- . They do n't have sequins on both sides of the lanyard so they look tacky . And you can see glue under the sequins which is not appealing to me . Will not be ordering again .
 I thought I 'd save some time and money buying a notebook online instead of heading to the campus bookstore . Bad idea . Without being able to see the product before purchase , I had no way of knowing how cheap it was.The pages are not perforated , but sometimes they rip out easily because the edge is cut too close to the spiral binding . The binding also works its way out of the pages because there is nothing at the ends to keep it in place . The notebook is also floppy , so it needs to be resting on a flat surface in order to turn the pages.Next time I need a notebook , I 'm spending more money , and examining it in person first .
 This is not a good notebook AT ALL . The pages are very soft . Even worse , the covers are also soft . The spiral binding is not done right and it always messes up the bottom of the pages -LRB- you 'll know what I mean when you use it -RRB- . I tried to treat the notebooks like they were eggs to keep the bindings from destroying the bottom of the pages , but it always does no matter what . I bought a bunch when it was on sale , and was stuck using it for 1.5-2 years since I did not want to throw all of it away . It was a bad experience.This is a bad product . I recommend buying the Staples version of the 1-subject ruled notebook . It is much cheaper and better than Mead .
 So , if you buy them from late July to mid-September , you can get them with very little work for around 20-25 cents -LRB- I paid 17 cents each around August 12th this year -RRB- * . They work fine for school purposes and the amount of time they need to survive for school purposes . The low review is because these notebooks HERE are no better and no worse , but they simply cost too much for what they are . I would n't be taking the time to note this if they were even 40 or 50 cents here , but they are n't . * Have to add , because better/more careful shoppers will know this
 The note books were a great price however the back and front covery are very flimsy an tear easily , would not recommend for school projects .
 Paper is cheap and the blue lines are very feint . Staples comparable notebook is superior in both respects . Do n't buy this .
 the notebook has poor quality , cheap thin paper . it 's not worth $ 2.51 . How stupid I am .
 Be careful withy this . The picture shows 6 notebooks but if you read the data provideded you receive only receive one notebook . You 'll get a much better deal at Office Depot
 I ordered two notebooks and received one and a half . The half book has no front cover and is missing half the pages . The other notebook has ceases in half the books . Thin paper . Granted it might be cheaper but you get much better deal at other retail with back-to-school promotions .
 I have ordered this product for over 25 years and never had a problem . Swingline gave the manufacturing of this product to China . Now the finger pads are about 1/2 the size they are supposed to be . I have small fingers , but not that small ! Instead of pulling the bad product , they just keep shipping it and tell you to try back , maybe the old stock will be gone.This is very frustrating . I have n't found anything to replace this product . I work in the plumbing industry and one of the first things I learned - DO NOT LICK YOUR FINGER TO TURN PAGES !! You never know where that paper has been.HELP !
 What is a size 11 finger tip ?? There was no explanation what this meant . They are tiny ! They do n't even fit my wife who is under 5 feet tall ! The shipping cost is not worth sending them back . Perhaps some day an accountant Hobbit will come calling and I will give them to him .
 Was expecting a lot more from brand name items . Boxes were dented and bent . Fingertips crammed in boxes . Fingertips locked like factory seconds . One was cut on top edge . Will use , but wo n't buy these here , again .
 The material used to make these grips has changed drastically . I 've used these for years and previously they were thicker and fit larger . Now these thinner products are extremely tight and hard to get on and off . Raise the price a little more , and keep the same quality of material !!!
 This is more a review about the shipping policy . It cleary states that this product is shipped APO/FPO . However , when I went to checkout I was told this product does not ship to my address . So if you are APO/FPO looking for fasteners , do not buy from this store .
 The fasteners are as promised - - except I was shorted 3 of them . At over eighteen dollars for a box , I decided to count to make sure I received all 100 as promised . Sure enough , there were only 97 in the box . Hoping Amazon will send a refund ... we 'll see .
 Ink ran out after 10 min of use in all 4 pens that I bought from Amazon less than a month ago . I hate it when Amazon does this to other products as well , -LRB- printing books on inferior paper -RRB- and puts up a charade that it 's selling authentic items for less . Really disappointed as you can tell.The pens themselves are good quality but even if the ink did n't run out ... I do n't see what all the excitement is about . Other Uniball pens and Pilot G2s are so much better than these pens . Because of an excellent build quality they feel heavy after a while .
 This pen is supposed to draw a bold line yet the line it draws is thin and weak . What is 1.0 mm supposed to mean anyway ? The Gel Impact with the 1.0 mm point produces a thicker line that is closer to 1.0 mm width than this pen . The Vision Elite 0.8 mm draws a thicker , darker line than the 1.0 mm Jetstream .
 I ordered two of these to put on the wall for a rotating display of my son 's school artwork . We have these things up at work and I like them a lot . Amazon shipped them really quickly -- thanks , Amazon -- and I got them in maybe two days . Anyway , my complaint is the quality . I was shocked that they were in a big flat UPS box , rattling around . One was packaged with the hanging hardware and instructions -LRB- thought the package looked like it had been in someone 's garage for 10 years -RRB- . The other one , however , was unpackaged , like it had been ripped from someone 's wall and shoved in the box . No hanging hardware , no instructions . The top edge was scuffed clean of the matt finish and also had black markings on it . I am completely bewildered how anyone could have tossed that one into the box and think that I would be stupid enough to accept it as new . No way to hang it ? Really ! To Amazon 's credit , they emailed me a return shipping label the day after I wrote to complain , so I sent it back to Amazon the next day ... hoping I will get my money credited back to me ASAP . I 'm just so disappointed because I really wanted to get my son 's art hung before his birthday party and because I just do n't get the logic of the whole thing . I 've been an Amazon customer for years and have never had such shoddy materials shipped to me under the guise of `` new product . '' Boo , hiss .
 I bought the 970CM model less than a year ago , and when it died I replaced it with another Fellowes shredder . The one I bought was the W11C and less than two days later it does not shred even one page . I did not feed anymore than six normal pages and it jammed after 15 minutes of use . After the jam , it would not shred more than two pages . On the second day it would not shred any . This is a waste of money .
 It generally works fine . But when you want to shred more than 6 pages -LRB- the stated limit is 11 -RRB- , or have a few thick pages with your normal pages to shred - watch out ! The cutter will get stuck and then get overheat . You will then spend a few hours just trying to pull out the papers ... I think a compulsory design for all shredders should be that whatever paper you can put throught the opening in 1 go , the shredder should be able to shred it . Period.I just smashed mine . The time I spent pulling the papesr out and getting the shredder to work is much more than simply tearing the papers by hand .
 The reviews that say you are limited to about 5-6 sheets are correct . 11 sheets will totally bog down this machine . It is a light duty machine , and needs to cool down after a couple of minutes of shredding.Out of curiousity from the first review , I just tried to shred a CD . No way . It did destroy the CD -LRB- and probably the shredder -RRB- , but it only chmoped down about one inch into the CD before jamming . Barely got it out in the backwards mode .
 I needed a shredder to take care of some of the junk mail accumulating in my office . So , after shopping around for a good shredder , I purchased the w11c at a local home improvement store . I was sold on the `` 11 page '' claim.Ha ! Fresh out of the box , it could BARELY shred 5 or 6 pages ... and even then it sounded like it was dying . Heaven forbid I try to shred one of those credit card offers with the flimsy , fake credit card enclosed -- instant jam.Long story short
 Recovery Commander 2 as advertised said that it can boot up any non booting hard drive that uses windows.Meaning boot off the disk and there you go . Wrong ... You have to install it first . How can I install it , if I ca n't boot up the machine ? I was mislead . They would not take it back either because it came from a third party so amazon was n't involved but did the brokering of the deal . Anybody what a my copy .
 I had problems with my hard disk on one computer . I downloaded this software on another computer so I could make a rescue disk to boot the first computer . I also paid $ 10 to have a disk sent to me . I downloaded and installed on computer # 2 , but could not open the program , I got an error message telling me I did n't have administrator priveleges . Yes , I did . I tried uninstalling and reinstalling several times , same problem . Of course , there is no telephone number to call for support , you have to email . Well , I emailed six days ago , and again 3 days ago , and again yesterday . I have had NO response whatsoever.I would try to get my money back , but their website states that they will gladly refund your money if you can PROVE the software is no longer on your computer and if you can PROVE you will never try to use it again . How in the world do you prove something like that ? Obviously that 's their way of saying Tough Luck ! Stay away from this company , is all I can say ; I wish I had , now I 'm out $ 50 and stuck with a program I ca n't even open .
 As a college student who is used to cheap ball point pens , I thought I 'd try something different this spring with the UniBall Vision Elite . I really love the blue/black color , and the pens do write beautifully . However , I was hoping that , for the price , they 'd last longer . I bought a pack of four pens , and each one has lasted me less than 2 weeks before running dry , roughly 30 or 40 pages of writing , using the front side of the paper only because the ink tends to bleed through a little . I wo n't be buying these again .
 The documentation provided with the phones is not sufficient . Experienced difficulty connecting to Skype and have had to spend many hours over many days communicating with product support via email .
 This phone worked marginally well untl the battery would not charge . There is NO replacement available . Try finding one on the web . Just download Skype on your smart phone . Skype works great w their smart phone app and do n't waste your money on this obsolete paper weight
 DO NOT PURCHASE SKYPE COMPATIBLE PHONES ANYMORE . THE RECENT CHANGES MADE BY SKYPE MAKE THEM IMPOSSIBLE TO OPERATE . DO N'T THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY . TAKE A LOOK AT THE RESPONSE I GOT FROM THEM BECAUSE MY 150,00 EURO PHONE IS NOW OBSOLETE
 I ordered this phone through Amazon Marketplace and a store called IE Store . Do not buy this item from them!If you do , be aware that you will not be able to recharge the phone since they do n't include the base charger -LRB- even though the picture shows it and says the item is new -RRB- . If you are trying to add an extension to your existing Netgear SPH200D phone system you will need the base unit to keep the phone functional . I do n't know why they send you a `` power adapter '' since the phone does not have this type of connection . The power adapter only plugs in to the base charger , which they do n't send.I bought this phone to replace an existing phone whose display screen got cloudy , so it will work for me , since I already have the charger base.The phone itself is great , but is useless with the base charger .
 I purchased this several years ago so I could use Skype for my home phone service . Back when I purchased it , the technology was just too primitive and I wound up throwing it away and getting phone service from my cable supplier . It was hard to use , some of which might be my fault , I admit.IMO , the technologies have just run by this item .
 i got 2 phones and they dont work.very very bad . please dont ever buy it . intead buy linksys
 it was well packed in bubblewrap when i got it , but middle part was broken.wasn ' t worth the price but i had a charity event and was desperate so accepted it .
 I purchased this chair approximately 6 months ago and use it every day . I sit in the chair , on average , between 70 and 80 hours per week . I use a computer all day for work , mostly typing . Granted , that could be considered heavy use , but for the price I paid I would have expected it to hold up much better -LRB- I was hoping for 1-1/2 to 2 years -RRB- . It is unstable - wobbles from side to side - the casters do not roll freely , and the padding in the seat broke down after 2-3 months . I have tightened the bolts several times and it keeps wobbling . The chair I bought at a local retailer for $ 99 held up much better and much longer than this one . I do not recommend it , nor would I purchase another item from this manufacturer .
 After owning it for 5 months , I have concluded that it is an uncomfortable chair . The leather itselffeels like it 's good quality -LRB- though I 'm no leather expert -RRB- , but is n't about the leather , it ` sabout this : The spine of the chair does not swivel back-and-forth independently of of the seat . Yes , you canlean back-and-forth the spine & seat simultaneously -LRB- because they are directly attached toeach other -RRB- , but not the spine alone.This is a problem because , without the ability to independently lean back the spine -LRB- a capabilityfound in most chairs of this price range -RRB- , the chair always feels like it 's pushing you off inthe forward direction . You literally feel like the chair is kicking you off ... and you cannotcomfortably lean the spine backwards to counteract this force -LRB- there is no mechanism to do this -RRB- . So I thought
 I purchased this to use as a mouse & presentation device . The laser pointer worked for all of 10 minutes , then no more . As a mouse it has some problems . I did n't want a mouse that I had to use on a surface . The roller-ball works great , but the left and right mouse buttons are above the ball and when transitioning from the ball to the buttons it 's very difficult not to move the cursor . The mouse left/right buttons should be located below the ball . Other than these issues it 's okay .
 This multimedia wireless presenter is everything you need to control your presentations . It has the laser pointer , volume control , etc. . Price was super affordable . Works wonderfully initially but after several months of use , it has gone south with it not working with my projector or computer at all . I do n't know what went wrong but you definitely do not want to buy this product .
 This remote presenter only worked once on my computer and since then it has stopped working . I have change the batteries , tried it in a different computer , reread the directions , etc , to no avail .
 I did a bad choice in shopping this laser pointer ! I had to buy another one from Logitech ...
 There was no converter as advertised , as in `` comes with '' . It said `` comes with an optional converter . '' That seem self-contradictory , but `` comes with '' does not . So where is it ?
 I purchased this pen and for the price I would say it is pretty disappointing . It feels cheaply constructed is a made of plastic and stainless steel . I purchased the Sanford Parker IM Stick Black Barrel/Ink Medium Point Roller Ball Pen for fifteen dollars and it has a better construction than this pen and it was cheaper .
 The Parker Latitude Fine Writing Medium Point Rollerball in Stainless Steel is a travesty and an insult to the concept of `` fine writing instrument . '' It appears cheap and makes a revolting impression . A repugnant instrument that feels awkward and clumsy in the hand , it is an absolute horror that Parker has resorted to this kind of outright thievery . In doing so , Parker has driven its most loyal following to superior brands for their fine writing needs . What a sad day it is when such a distinguished name with so wonderful a history becomes a joke among collectors and those who truly appreciate the heritage of Parker and its contribution to fine writing . Alas , that does indeed appear to be only history now and nothing but a wistful memory of something once so sublime .
 It was difficult to install the blade , and probably I will not purchase a new blade or this item again .
 1 . On or about January 13 , 2010 I located an AT&T ; E5640 telephone on Amazon 's site that was being offered for sale by a seller called `` 101 Phones Inc. `` 2 . I clicked on the link for 101 Phones and ordered an AT&T ; E5640 telephone from that company for $ 39.99.3 . On January 14 , 2010 I received the telephone loosely wrapped in brown paper in a brown shipping box without a manufacturer 's box .4 . When I tried to use the phone , the microphone on the handset failed to function .5 . Consequently , I shipped the defective phone back in the shipping box it originally arrived in to 101 Phones and requested a full refund of my $ 39.99 . Shipping the defective phone back to 101 Phones cost me $ 5.70.6 . I subsequently received a credit from 101 Phones in the amount of $ 17.99 . They refused to refund the full $ 39.99 , claiming that the returned phone did not have it original manufacturers box and that they were entitled to deduct a $ 10 `` missing box fee '' and another $ 10 in `` return fees . `` 6 . So , for a phone that did not work , I ended up paying a total of $ 27.70 !!!!!! 7 . This is completely outrageous .8 . Amazon should no longer allow such an unscrupulous seller to list products for sale on its website . I have done business with Amazon for many years and , up to this point , have always had confidence in the sellers Amazon has allowed to appear on it website -- not any more .
 ... No fooling , we have one of these and it works most of the time ... it went down for a while , the help line told us how to clean the contacts -LRB- of new equipment ? -RRB- , oh , and we bought one of those extra units for an extension . Since we bought it , it has rarely worked or worked right in 3 or 4 years . It has been unplugged for years - I wasted a lot of money on that piece of junk . We got counseled on how to fix that one , too , and it failed ... A T & T , in my mind , used to be a respectable name for a company that did telephone service and sold good merchandise . I will not buy any more equipment from them ever - their equipment is sub-standard and stinks . And if A T & T ever cares to call me and make it right , call 703-303-2209 - I wo n't hold my breath , though ... THE BOTTOM LINE IS THIS
 We purchased this phone/answerer and an expansion handset and returned them because it did not work well and we were disappointed . The answering machine sounded very poor with a tinny sound that distorted the voices . The speaker on the base is small and the voices sound un-natural . Our recorded outgoing announcement sounded weak and cheap . The phone had an echo periodically which the callers on the other end of the line did not hear but was annoying to us using the phone . The only positive was the speaker phone on the handset which did sound good . I would not recommend this phone/answerer to anyone .
 I bought this notebook to record my findings for a project that I am working on . When I received the item , some of the bindings were torn and the notebook was not sturdy . I have had to duck tape my notebook together to salvage it . All I do is keep it in my back pack ... I for sure wont be buying it again
 I work in a science lab and a new admin bought these instead of our normal National Brand notebooks . The TOPS notebooks are awful . The pages started falling out from the first moment we opened the notebooks . Do n't bother with these notebooks .
 Will I ever learn . Speaker so low I could not hear anyone hardly . Did n't matter cause they could not hear me at all . Did n't matter cause it dropped your call anyway . Move along to Panasonic more money but well again you get what you pay for .
 I ordered this stamp and received a CHEAP generic line dater stamp , NOT the product listed . On top of that it is not even the same brand . I am in the process of requesting a return , but this is definitely a waste of time and money to have to be returning a STAMP that was under 10 dollars .
 I thought the speech tools would be very helpful . The problem is that the unit , when it arrived was not working properly . It keep locking up and not being able to display the dictionary . The company sent me a replacement and the replacemnt unit keep reseting itself and losing all of my saved items , so the hours of speech and phrases it learned it lost . Their tech suport said the unit needed to be fully charged . I explained that the unit was using AC power at the time of the failure . I tried everthing to get it to wrk as per the manufactures instructions and it still is not working correctly . It randomly resets itself still . I did try to exchange the device for a different unit or get a refund , but the company policy is 7 days from the time of receipt of the original order . So in the end I have a $ 400.00 unit with what I consider to have very unstable circutry . I did take the unit on our trip and it did work although I did n't invest the time in trying to save anythig . I think my money would have be better spent if I would have bought software for my PDA instead of buying this item . I would not recomend this unit for purchase , unless you like to be fustrated .
 This phone looks awesome . It 's exactly what I want on my desk when I need to make a call . Too bad it does n't work as a phone after the warranty period . Developed a loud buzzing sound on the line that was audible to both parties . Hooked old phone back up and it went away , so it was n't the line . Looks nice over on my shelf , but that 's not what I bought it for .
 I bought this stand for my macbook pro because it was advertised to work well with one , and that 's what 's pictured in their marketing material . I 'm dismayed that it did n't work out ... This notebook stand shipped well and appeared slick and sturdy out of the box . It 's plenty heavy and it does give you a sense of security that it will never buckle nor budge under the weight of a seventeen inch macbook pro . In fact , out of the box it looked and felt quite impressive.However upon use , there are a number of problems with this stand . Bad problems.For one , this stand will scratch your $ 2500 + macbook -LRB- mine was about $ 3500 -RRB- ... It 's hard to explain so bear with me . There is a rubberized T shaped bar that 's supposed to prevent the notebook from slipping down the incline . This T-bar is n't welded to the baseplate , it 's * screwed * -LRB- was there a pun there ? -RRB- . In fact there are * two * screws that hold the T-bar in place . The problem is these screws are on the inside of the T-bar facing your notebook . Now , there was an attempt at beveling such that the screws lay flat so they do n't jut out and scratch your PC , but no dice , there was n't enough beveling ! The end result is your laptop will never touch the rubberized T-bar at all but will rather rest on those two jutting screws and of course ... get scratched ! And ? There 's worse . Those two philips screws were stripped and burred by a laborer who does n't know how to use a screwdriver ! My $ 3500 laptop was resting on a series of burs -LRB- ding ! -RRB- rather than that rubberized T-bar ! The darned thing scratch up my $ 3500 notebook!There are other design problems as well ... That T-bar that does n't do anything ? It actually does . It prevents you from opening a shut computer . That 's because you ca n't press that elongated open-button on your macbook anymore because the T is in the way ! Nice design ! But there 's more . That same T-bar also blocks your CD slot ! Imagine you forgetting you have a CD in your your machine and you eject it ... boing!A few other things you should be aware of ... This stand swivels . The slightest touch will send your laptop spinning . And by virtue of the design , it can spin right into your brand new aluminum keyboard -LRB- ding ! -RRB- if you do n't have ample distance between your stand and your keyboard . Personally , I like my keyboard really close to the laptop so the laptop is closer to me . In fact I like my keyboard somewhat underneath my laptop . You ca n't do that with this design . I ended up wedging my l bluetooth keyboard into the stand so it would n't spin and so my machine was closer . The downside to that ? Aluminum against steel . Ding!Obviously , I do n't recommend this stand ! Beware ... Cheers !
 This is a cheaply made pen that performs poorly . In fact , it clogs up so easily you will spend more time cleaning it than you will writing with it .
 To attach this to your fridge , you have to attach the magnets to the back of the board . Unfortunately , the magnets stick very poorly , and after 10 or 20 minutes , the board falls down , leaving the magnets behind . I tried pressing them down overnight , but that did n't help . Now have to go find some epoxy to stick them on.Update
 These labels are not clear , they may work on white paper but for cream and light colors they do n't work .
 These should be called Avery Not-So-Easy Peel Opaque Address labels . I bought them for DIY wedding invitations . I had purchased custom return address labels that were completely clear and easy peel and great from another online source . Then I purchased these and the labels did n't seem to match with the return address labels because they are more translucent than clear . Also the ink was really smeary coming through the laser printer . I had to run through a whole bunch of sheets before getting it right . And on top of that , the Avery program in word to make the labels makes it hard to put more than three lines in any square . I do n't think I 'll use them again .
 I almost never write negative reviews , so you know this has to be bad if I 'm here giving it only 1 star . The reason is , these labels do n't work with my printer . I have an Epson Artisan 50 , and because of the design of the paper feed , the fact that the ink does n't dry makes everything become blurred once it comes out if the printer . I tried several printer settings -LRB- and I 'm a Digital Artist , so if there was a way to make this work , I would have found it -RRB- , all resulted in blurry addresses that no mail carrier would be able to read . I can open the printer , and see that the printer puts the ink down nicely as it prints , but when it comes out , it 's blurred so badly , this product is worthless to me . I will be getting some regular labels now.Although it 's true , these labels are n't exactly clear -LRB- more like a frosty see through -RRB- , I thought they would look nicer than the regular white ones for my Save the Date cards . If I could actually read the text , they would look nice ... but since there 's no real way to know before hand if these will work with your printer , you might want to go with a regular label to save your money and time .
 I was very disappointed by this phone . I 've bought AT&T phones before & liked them , but this one stinks.Most importantly , the ring detect on the phone is n't nearly sensitive enough . The phone does n't ring on incomming calls to my house . I was told that the wires in my house were probably too long -- yet 2 other phones -LRB- from Sony & Siemens -RRB- work just fine . Additionally , the menu structure just is n't intuitive . There are too many keystrokes for most simple operations , and adding a phone directory is incredibly frustrating . The directory is n't even alphabetized -- the phone prompts you for the numerical ` slots ' in the directory for the number you want -- stupid design.The only thing that saved this phone from a single star was the nice physical design . The phone does feel well-built and comfortble in your hand.Bottom Line - It does n't ring & it 's too hard to use .
 I have never had a problem with an AT&T phone before , but the problems with this phone are endless . I had 3 of them , thinking I just had a bad one each time . The phone works great for a while then just stops ringing for no apparent reason . Once this starts , you can no longer get any response from any of the keys .
 That 's the problem . I 've missed countless calls . I 'm going to have to return this phone . Choose another !
 I bought this phone because I wanted a voice-mail indicator , because it was attractive , and because so many other phones ' ringers are shrill , piercing or just unpleasant , and this phone offered a choice of four different ringing sounds for all calls.I was pleased with this phone 's ringers.Unfortunately , when answering a call , the phone omits the first three to five seconds of what I say while the handset scans around for the base unit ! My callers hear dead silence while I stand there waiting for my handset to activate.The voice quality is somewhat poorer than the Vtech 900-MHz analog phone that I owned previously . And in my tiny efficiency apartment , the AT&T phone 's signal fades if I step behind a wall -LRB- closet or vestibule -RRB- . The voice mail indicator light is too dim to be seen in anything but a low-light setting.Finally , the phone 's menu options are a bit limited -- the volume control is not very flexible , the Caller ID memory buffer can not be cleared.Overall the phone is functional , but a big disappointment considering the AT&T brand name . The long delay in answering a call is intolerable -- after just a month or two , I 'm back at Amazon looking for another phone .
 These phones seem to have a problem where the ringer fails intermittently , even when on the base!If you feel compelled to buy this lousy phone , be sure you have an answering machine !
 Last night after almost 1 year of frustration I took out a big hammer and set about to destroy this phone . It fails just often enough to drive me crazy !! I have missed important calls , been unable to make a call at important times , and spent an incredible amount of time fussing with it to get it working . In case you 're stuck with one of these , I found that `` rebooting '' it by unplugging the base helps ...
 Best thing about this phone is its appearance -- really cute compact design . Apart from that ... . the ringing is weird , just as described by reviewers before me ; there 's a phone directory but it organises numbers numerically , ie # 1 , # 2 etc , instead of alphabetically . How are you meant to remember that Aunt Lucille is # 16 and Cousin Gary is # 9 ? Also , I found that its range was n't great , not as good as phones I 've had in the past . I hope AT&T reads all these reviews and does something with the complaints , but keeps the size and design of this phone .
 I purchased this phone about 9 months ago and have been very dissatisfied from the beginning . I will list the pros and cons of this phone.Pro 's - 1 . Compact design is very ergonomic . 2 . Large easy to read display.Con 's 1 . Long pause between the time you hit talk and you hear a dial tone or the person on the other line .2 . Tone sounds are very loud ! This becomes very annoying .3 . The menu options are extremely confusing . The phone has many great customizable options , yet they are to complicated to make them very functional .4 . Many problems even getting a dial tone or answering calls . From day one sometimes the phone will say it is out of range even when I am within inches of the base . This becomes very annoying when trying to answer a phone call and I cant . I ended up having to buy a corded phone to place right next to the ATT 900mhz so that I could be sure to answer it .5 . The Page function only pages the phone with one quick short beep . This makes this function almost useless . You need two people to make this work , one person to continue pressing page and the other to search for it.Conclusion-Obviously my problems with the out of range message are a manufacturing defect . Maybe others have better luck . Yet , all other problems I find with the phone came standard . I think my next phone will be a Panasonic
 Do not buy this phone at all . The only reason to have a phone is to pick up call , or to make calls . Many times this phone can not find a `` suitable '' channel to use for calls , so the owner is left unable to either make calls or pick up calls . A waste of money and a stain on the otherwise good AT&T name .
 Phone would be awesome if it had better sound quality . It was easy to set up and use and was very practical . However this item has horrible sound quality from the incoming callers and average outgoing sound from the conference side . That 's all there really is to say , mostly becasue that 's the most import or only quality this item has .
 Nice heavy duty steel construction , compact footprint . Would have been highly rated by me if it had been shipped professionally ; no packing material at all was used ... arrived with light single box intact but all vertical dividers are bent and look distorted/repaired even after straightening . Should have been boxed using some packing material by MMF/Amazon .
 The item was great . However , as one can see , the item is about 4 x 2 inches . It was shipped in a box 2 feet x 1 foot and I paid the postage . It was absolutely wasteful and ridiculous . It could have been sent in a padded envelope and been much more conservative .
 i had to return this item because it requires access to power line in addition to telco line . This was not mentioned in the item description .
 My phone came without a battery . When I contacted Heartland customer service , they told me I had to buy the battery from the manufacturer -LRB- GE -RRB- because it is not their policy to ship parts . In addition , the customer service person named Krystal told me that I should not be ordering products from an internet site . So , I would not order this product or anything else from Heartland .
 Although the phone is pretty , it 's unpractical . It does n't stayed charged long and it 's shape is like holding a brick to your face . The buttons ca n't keep up with fast dialing and it can really get on your nerves when you 're putting the number in and you find out no call is going out because the phone ca n't catch up . I recently sent in a price I found for fifteen dollars and free shipping on this phone and they 're asking ninety-nine for it at time of this review . I 'd be hard pressed to pay the 15 , to be truthful . I have to give it some credit , I 've owned it for a year and it 's still functioning , but at hour intervals at a time . Nice as a whatever phone , but not for the price . Keep looking .
 At first this phone seemed like a great idea , and I even chose to go with one that was a little more pricey so I thought I could be guaranteed quality . Unfortunately this did n't happen . During Skype out calls , the phone was constantly cutting in and out , echoing and dropping the calls . After three attempts at using it -LRB- instead of my inbuilt laptop microphone and speakers -RRB- , I gave up and returned it to the company . Thankfully the company were great to deal with and gave me a full refund . I would not generalise this to the use of the phone for calling skype users as I only tried to use it on skype out .
 This phone is overpriced at anything except free . I bought a Uniden product because of other wonderful experiences I have had with them . This product is a definite exception . The phone quality is alright , but I find myself frequently asking people to repeat themselves because the loudest volume still is not very clear . The worst `` feature '' though is remote answering machine access . I can not check messages when calling from a cell phone and I can check messages about 2 out of 10 tries when calling from another land line . I wish I had bought another phone . See also reviews for this model number but without the dash between EXAI and 978 .
 You will get a product different than advertised.No Mikes , No MIKE JACKS and no remote control which you can see in the Amazon page.Amazon will tell you that Metroline provided the adds and it 's their fault . Metroline will tell you that it is Amazon 's fault as they put the adds without confirming with Metroline.The product you will be getting is a `` like new '' 500D version . This does not support Mikes or remote control even if you wanted to add them.The 500D I have got from Metroline was in good shape .
 I telecommute and I 've been looking for a headset compatible speakerphone that would work well in my environment . I needed a speakerphone capable of full-duplex operation to make it possible to barge into conference calls . I bought the Soundpoint Pro , but I 'm somewhat disappointed for the following reasons : - volume range on speakerphone is too limited -LRB- I have to use a headset to `` tune in '' quiet speakers -RRB- . - the speed dial mechanism is cumbersome - scroll through a list and then press `` speed dial '' rather than pressing a programmed button . - the sound quality is rather bassy - the number sequence programming is too short . I ca n't program enough digits to get one button access to voice mail -LRB- need 25 digits including pauses -RRB- - no `` new call '' light - no display light - not enough lines in CID displayI 'll probably return it .
 This product is no where close to the quality that I expected from the Sound Stations in my office . First , the highest level speaker volume is way too low -LRB- I have had better volume from phone line powered speakerphones -RRB- . Second , the speed dial design is terrible -LRB- see other reviews , but my reasons include that you can only store an 8 character description for each number and dialing any stored number is a 3 step process -RRB- . For the price , the Panasonic TMC98 is a better choice .
 I bought this phone because of the great quality of the Polycom office speakerphones . What a disappointment it has proven to be : - Speakerphone functions are poor . Incoming sound is very good , but the mic picks up less well than $ 40 Panasonic speakerphones . - Odd controls are difficult to get used to - switching between calls is awkward , and you 'll lose or mistakenly conference calls until you figure out control sequence that are simpler on other phone brands . - LCD display is one of the worst thought out I 've ever seen . Incoming and outgoing numbers are shown for a few seconds , then the display shows `` SoundPoint Pro '' instead . Polycom sacrificed function here to show its brand , even though the brand is written all over the phone anyway ! - Cabling is unnecessarily complex and ugly.It would be bad enough if the phone were competitively priced , but there is no reason to pay the Polycom premium for this product .
 The speaker phone is clear but the maximum volume is too low.Our phone stopped working after 13 months . Polycom offered to sell us a rebuilt one for the same price as a new one . Such a deal.Obviously we are not happy .
 I bought the SoundPoint wih high hopes , but ended up having to send it back because the ring from line 2 `` bled '' into line 1 . Pros
 Suddenly , after 16 months of use , the phone just stopped working . Neither the handset nor the speaker phone works and the LCD display has gone blank -LRB- but the LEDs light-up -RRB- . I called the customer support line and they recognized the problem . But they will not replace or fix the phone without charging me ... since the one-year warranty period ran out four months ago . Obviously I am not going to pay ... for a refurbised phone , especially since I was never really happy with it . Its duplex feature never quite worked well and the mic was not sensitive enough and the speaker volume never went high enough . Overall , the quality of Polycom 's home products are drastically inferior to its office products .
 I enjoyed the Polycom speaker phone for about 1 year . The unit looked good , and the speakerphone was decent - but not ` awe inspiring ' by any stretch . It certainly does n't measure up to the conference phones I use at work , also from Polycom -LRB- why I decided on that brand in the first place -RRB- . So - after spending 200 + , I ended up with a phone that lasted a year . It no longer disconnects the phone line , and I have to pull the phone jack in order for the phone to disconnect.For what it 's worth , I will just spend $ 40 to replace it & get the same features . If it lasts a year , that 's okay .
 The sound quality of the speaker was fantastic . But when I started using it on calls everybody agreed that my voice sounded tinny and wanted me to pick up the receiver . It 's pretty embarrassing when you tell clients that you 're using a state-of-the art speaker phone and they tell you to pick up the receiver because you 're hard to understand . After one day the microphone stopped working altogether . This is not what I was expecting from the Polycom name . Do n't bother buying this phone .
 I was entering a speed dial number , had to refer to the manual . I had already entered the number and played the letter game to get the name in , back to the manual to figure out what `` set priority tag '' means , okay , back to the phone ... NOT ... the phone decided to time-out my programming an erase everthing . This pretty much sums up this phone.Note that the phone is WARM . They have changed something from the prior versions so that when you pick up the handset the mouthpiece section that rests against your chin is actually warm to the touch , and you get a nice `` warm plastic smell '' . Tech support says , `` yea , mine is hot , too . '' Note that my previous phones were NOT hot.This is clearly not Polycom 's core strenth .
 First of all , this phone has no support for the phone company 's voice mail system . The user interface is terrible , you have to push 3 buttons to speeddial , and it is even more difficult to program it . Call history is also very awkward to use . Granted , the quality of the speaker phone is better , but not that much better . The RCA jack is very convenient for recording conversations . The phone is bulky The plastic is cheaply made . The price does n't live up to the cost .
 I have one . The only reason why I am looking for a different phone now is because the volume is too low . Just like some of the other reviewers , I have the control on 5 -LRB- highest -RRB- and I still need more volume .
 The terrible reseller never shipped or even communicated they were not going to ship , cut this clown off !
 Anyone who purchases an Avaya product should get their head examined . They have all kinds of technical issues and the customer support is nonexistent . Save yourself a whole lot of frustration and just buy Cisco . Their products may still only be so-so but at least you can find someone to fix the problems .
 I have yet to receive this product which I ordered on January 24 . The company contacted me initially to let me know there would be a delay but I should have received it by now ! Have n't heard a thing since January 27th . I 'm not happy with the way this is being handled .
 I did not purchase this through Amazon ; it was through Back to Basics Toys . It was a Christmas gift for our 7 year old son . Granted the age on this toy is 5 + , but our son is interested in regular pool , so we figured it would be neat to get this so he could get the idea of what it was all about . Yes , it 's a fun game ... if you can get through it without any pieces falling off and/or breaking ! Just received our replacement Skittle Pool in the mail today and , already , it is broken . It truly is a piece of garbage as far as quality goes . It 's all plastic ... the `` A '' frames -LRB- two are included -RRB- are warped , making for total inaccuracy when `` shooting '' the cue ball . The plastic piece that sticks up out of the swivel arm -LRB- which a stationery cue ball sort of gets inserted on -RRB- snapped off ~ one of the reasons we needed a replacement game ... and then one snapped off the replacement !! For the price , I would think they could invest a little bit more money and make this game a bit more sturdy .
 Table under felt is plastic , not wood and therefore not very flat . This is mitigated by the fact that the balls do n't have to travel far , but obviously a flat surface is the most important quality aspect of this game.The swivel `` aimers '' are not constructed with precision . One is very tight and sticky , which is very annoying , and the other loose , which is less annoying.Still my 4yo is having decent fun and probably improving his coordination .
 This is a nice game , but not very child friendly . It is difficult to put together and difficult to make shots . Adults might very well enjoy . I had also sent one to my son when he was deployed to Iraq . There was some enjoyment there . Overall I would not recommend this game .
 This item is poorly constructed . Never buy this ever ! It might look like fun but the poor quality just stinks . JUNK ! I think this is a rip-off . The pendulum is fun looking but offers poor control .
 This product sold in retail stores contains a starter printer cartrige . The product you sell does not and to buy one it cost more than the printer . I returned it . On a positive note the return process was quite easy except for the packaging materials which cost me $ 15 because I damahed the origional materials opening the shipment .
 OMG ... They are charging 3 times what this book costs NEW . . The price for this book is so much cheaper in a TEACHERS STORE ...
 Overall , the structure is sturdy and functions well . However , as others have reported , the shelf is too weak and bends .
 The file arrived in a box that fell apart when we began opening it . There is a lower shelf . It arrived severely bent . This is a very thin-walled item . That 's good if you have to move it around , because it is light , but not so good that it bends and distorts so easily . The lid works fine .
 Very unhappy with the seemingly poor quality , unnecessary complicated voice mail setup , volume control , etc. , etc. . Returned it and bought a Panasonic -- a mfr with whom I 've been very satisfied in the past -- instead . So far I 'm very happy with the Panasonic .
 very poor quality construction , cheap pot-metal frame , chipped painted plywood top.just use a shoebox , it 'll look about the same .
 I agree with Steven Sacks who also reviewed this item . Maybe I got the same one he returned , because it was missing two screws and was very shoddily put together as if the person who assembled it was drunk or on drugs . How on earth anyone would want such a piece of junk is beyond me . It is nothing like the Apple products I own , and putting my $ 1700 apple monitor on this piece of junk would be like placing it on top of a fly-covered turd . I am returning it today for a refund . This is the worse item I have ever ordered on Amazon and I can not stress strongly enough that you should avoid it at all costs or you will be sorry .
 I ordered a pair of these monitor stands and I could n't be less satisfied . First off , like the other reviews say , they look nice in the photos , but in reality they 're shoddy and poorly built . One of the stands was missing two of the screws holding the white plastic to the silver frame.However , the worst part about these is that they 're not even remotely close to level , nor are they uniform in height . I have two monitors and I literally had to put a stack of about 30 sheets of paper under each side -LRB- 60 total -RRB- of one to make the second stand match the height of the first stand , and then I had to shim one side of it by folding two pieces of paper 5 times and putting the under the right side of the two metal pieces . The other one had to have two pieces of paper folded 4 times under one side to get it level . Now I have a bunch of paper on my desk which does n't exactly look nice , which is what these stands were supposed to deliver.These stands may look nice from a distance , but the white plastic is not flush with the metal , they 're not level , they 're not uniform in height , there is no craftsmanship here and they 're unquestionably not worthy of being compared to Apple products , a company that actually takes pride in their work.I give this product a well deserved one star . If I could give it zero stars , I would . An unfortunate waste of time and money .
 This item is extremely poor quality . It serves its purpose and looks good from a distance but when you get up close it does n't live up to its price . I had to send the first one back since it was put together so poorly . The styling may look Applesque but the materials and construction could n't be any less `` Cupertino '' .
 I got this stand for my monitor because it looks great in the photos.Unfortunately once I got it out of the box , it was immediately evident that the quality was not up to par . First off , the stand does not sit level and it wobbles . It also feels like it was slapped together with no care given to making any of the parts line up . The white top was crooked , and the metal legs do n't mount flush . I feel like if they gave a little more effort and care into this product , it would be a great item . It 's just disappointing how poorly constructed it all was . I really wanted to love this stand , but I ended up just finding it acceptable . For the price , it functions and raises my monitor . It looks fine as long as you do n't check too closely . All in all , it does the job , which is why I 'm giving this item a 2 star instead of just a one.Next time , I 'd pass .
 I assumed this binder would be great for all the women I 've been collecting and would now be able to keep them in one place , right at my fingertips . So could someone please tell me why the heck this binder came pre-filled with MEN ???? I 'm as easy-going as the next time , but I 'm really not into men . And to top everything off , half of them are old guys who apparently do n't speak English . I really need some instructions on replacing this with a proper binder , and a translator . The one little Asian guy keeps whopping me up side the head with his cane and it really hurts ! This will seriously ruin my Saturday night plans unless Amazon or Avery gives me some assistance !
 Title claims it is a non-stick binder , but after cramming it with women , I found that many of the women did in fact stick to the binder and were not able to get out in time to go home and cook dinner . I 'll be looking elsewhere .
 Who has n't opened a looseleaf binder by the rings and not by the lever ? The mechanism should accommodate that , but because I tried to open this binder by the center ring , it is ruined , with a gap of more than an eighth of an inch which wo n't bend back despite all my efforts . It may still be useable if used to hold stiff cardboard reference materials , but thin sheet protectors need to be able to slide over all three rings.I am therefore disappointed with this binder .
 Initially I was very happy with this product . I bought this for my 11 year old son for school . It is very easy to open and shut the rings and the binder itself was nice and sturdy . However , only after 1 month of school , the bottom ring does not shut and the middle one now has a small gap . My son has to carefully flip each folder and notebook in the binder , which like most 11 year old boys , patience is a little difficult . Therefore , folders and papers are starting to get ripped . My son is careful with his property , he has not abused the binder . I will have to buy another binder and I am only one month into the school year . Very disappointed !
 I do n't know if I received a defective unit or if it is standard practice at Avery to provide shoddy packaging for their products . Lets just say , I think they forgot to put breathing holes in the shrink wrap . I will never . Never . Forget that smell.Avoid at all costs .
 This binder was ok for one or two women , but I could n't get it full without the arms and legs sticking out . If you want a whole binder full of women , you will be better off getting the `` Case-it Large Capacity 3-Inch Zipper Binder . '' You can fill it with women and the zipper keeps everything neatly inside . Walking around with a messy binder is just unprofessional .
 I use this binder for school to keep my papers organized and it is thrown in my backpack everyday . The binder is durable and sturdy but with one big problem . The rings develop gaps unlike what the description says . I do not open the rings by prying the rings open i use the opener tab . I thought i got a bad one so i bought another one only for the same problem to develop . I never had this problem with the durable line of binders the same company sells . I just think the overall quality is not worth the high price .
 Then again , she is a woman - like I even listen to them . One additional feature such as soundproofing would have been a nice touch . Other than that , it 's basic and travels well to the cayman islands .
 I got this binder for my wife , but she has been having a hard time washing the dishes and taking care of the kids when she is in it . I would n't mind so much , but her complaints are distracting me while I check the size of my pensions . I 'm going to try the flexible colored binders next .
 I received a navy 2 '' binder but it was not the one shown in the description . Completely different brand and not the heavy-duty one that was advertised . Luckily Amazon customer service was very helpful and let me return it .
 Do not buy if you intend to use heavily - in class , etc. - cover easily separates from spine . Mine is now duct-taped together .
 Grey ? Black ? White ? Navy Blue ? WTF?This binder is rated `` one star '' for color selection . I 'll reconsider it 's score once it 's offered in appropriately gendered-colors such as
 These are $ 1 a bag at the hair store . Unless the price is including shipping before checkout , if not , then wow that 's a lot for the rubberbands .
 Good calculator , but the user guide is a large one sheet fan-folded monster , nearly useless . Casio should redo this and issue an apology .
 I am truly sorry to have to give this nearly wonderful calculator a poor review , but after falling in love with everything it can do -LRB- I 'm an engineering student/nerd -RRB- , I was absolutely horrified when I learned what it ca n't do ; that is , it does n't have the ability to store even one previous calculation in memory when it is turned off . ALL OF YOUR DATA/CALCULATION HISTORY IS LOST EACH AND EVERY TIME THE CALCULATOR IS TURNED OFF . Upon becoming aware of this shortcoming I felt a deep sense of sorrow , because this could have been a fantastic calculator .
 Being relatively new to scientific calculators the instruction manual is quite important ... . well guess what , despite the warnings from others that this manual is almost unreadable I took a chance and purchased this calculator and lo and behold it 's true , could n't read the thing . Whipping out the magnifier and doing my best goober-impression with a blanket sized manual , I managed to read some before realizing how ridiculous this was . Finding the manual and appendix on-line I proceeded to try and print it but it 's the same thing , same size . Between the OS X printer driver , Adobe Reader print selections -LRB- all a tangled mess -RRB- and the small size after two hours of trying to print a larger `` typed manual '' using duplex printing , much wasted ink and paper , I gave up and decided to returned it . The state of printing a simple B&W PDF manual in 2007 is deplorable , why ca n't they get something fundamental like this right . If you are counting on the `` manual '' to help , forget it , unraveling this huge single sheet of paper in class is a joke , if you know ` calculators ' by all means , have at it .
 Klutziest calculator I 've ever owned . For example entering `` 22 '' , '' / '' , `` 7 '' , '' = '' by default produces a display result `` 22/7 '' . Well , I hardly need a calculator to know that 22 divided by 7 is `` 22/7 '' . Another example
 First problem is that it does not simplify fractions.A serious bug is when merely adding decimal -LRB- floating point -RRB- numbers , for some reason it converts the result into a fraction . For example 2.5 + 3.9 becomes 32/5 instead of 6.4 .
 Try to find unknows for 2 simple equation give on `` aX + bY = c '' format , typing < MODE > - > < 5 > - > < 1 > and inserting :1 X + 2Y = 82X + 4Y = 16 -LRB- Solution
 I 've cleared it , set the mode to `` math '' and when I add 2.2 + 2.2 I get 22/5 instead of 4.4 . Am I missing something here ?
 They do n't deliver the righ items . I will give 1 out of 5 as a rate . Ii I could , I would give them 0 out of 5
 I have had nothing but trouble with these phones . They are too small , the sound quality is poor -LRB- when they work -RRB- , and they rarely work . I bought one set from Staples which quit working after about 2 days so the company sent me a replacement set which never worked . I am done with these phones , I am sending the replacements back and taking the originals back to Staples for my money back . I also aquired another cordless phone from American Telecom which has extreamly poor audio quality . It seems to me that American Telecom sells cheap junky phones and tries to make money on the prepaid long distance feature that comes on the phones . Do n't bother unless you are in desperate need of a headache .
 To the best of my knowledge , I 've never written an Amazon.com review . But this phone has been so horrible , that I feel I 've got to try to protect people from ever getting mixed up with this company.The picture shown does not look exactly like the phones that I have , but everything else seems the same . In any case , just being the same company would be enough for me to say RUN -- do n't walk , away from this company.I guess I should be thankful that they work at all , considering the other two reviews here . But here is an extremely partial list of the failings I 've been annoyed with : - Lets say the phone rings . Two people in different parts of the house try to grab it . I grab it , I say `` Hello '' , and just as the caller starts to say who it is that is calling -LRB- `` Hey , this is Joe ! '' -RRB- , someone else in the house grabs the phone . This stupid system puts a 2 second tone on the line , blocking out what the caller says . I suppose it is to stop people from eavesdropping , I do n't know , but the tone blocks out all communication , and I have to start the conversation over , confusing everyone . I did n't ask for , and do n't need an `` anti-eavesdropping '' phone . Do n't help me with some feature that is n't needed . - The answering machine does not allow you to interrupt any of the voice prompts while you are listening to the message . You hit `` play '' , and it goes through telling you the date and time and everything , and you ca n't just forward-arrow to start listening to the messages . = The answering machine regularly cuts people off in the middle of their message and hangs up . No rhyme or reason to it . There is plenty of space left , etc. - The addressbook is different for each phone . This could be a plus if , for example , you have a phone for a telephone active family members who each want their own directory , but for our family , where we are very close and we all call the same people , it is a pain to have to try to keep each handset updated . Adding a new number ? Multiply the operation by 4 . - The icons on the display are EXTREMELY small . Yes , I know that I have the old 40 + year old eyes , but seriously , the icons are about 1-2mm in size . Very difficult to see . - Several functions , such as turning off the ringer on a handset , muting a call , signal strength -LRB- ? -RRB- , etc. are on buttons that if you hold them down just a second too long , it activates the function . The only indication that you 've done it is the tiny icon that you ca n't see . So my wife will occasionally bring a phone to me complaining that it does n't work . I 've got to break out the granny glasses and try to figure out what got activated accidentally.I truly could go on and on . It absolutely chagrins me that I regularly encounter new annoyances with this phone . You name the feature , and they 've found a way to screw up on a telephone . But the `` all too helpful '' two-second BEE-BOO-BEE-BOO tone mentioned at the top is the most annoying . It is especially annoying when you 're on an important phone call , and someone picks up an extension , inadvertently . Without the silly tone , you 'll know real quick that someone was using the phone when you pick it up , and you 'll hang up , no harm , no foul . But this stupid phone has got to make a big issue of it , and it helps no one.I ca n't warn you more strongly against this phone . An alternative ? Well , I have less strong feelings about this . I 'm still looking for a replacement , myself , but my parents have a VTech set that is similar but without any of the problems . You might consider that .
 THESE ARE THE WORST PHONES EVER !!!! THE SOUND IS HORRIBLE AND ONCE YOU HOOK THEM UP YOU CAN RECIEVE CALLS BUT YOU CA N'T MAKE THEM , IT KEEPS A DIAL TONE EVEN AFTER YOU DIAL AND IT GETS YOU NO WHERE . THE CALLER ID DOES NOT PICK UP CALLS WORTH ANYTHING . AND LED SCREEN DISPLAYS NEW ICONS EVEN AFTER YOU HAVE GONE THROUGH IT . AND THE BATTERY LIFE IS NOT THAT GREAT AT ALL . THESE ARE JUST WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME ,
 My American Telecom Pay 'N' Talk 4-pack telephones stopped being able to dial out after about 11 months . Although they were still under warranty , the company refused to replace or repair them . They sent one email reply telling me to try replacing the battery . That did n't work , and they have n't replied to my emails since then . They also are not reachable by telephone OR EVEN BY MAIL . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy American Telecom phones .
 over a period of 14 months american telecom has replaced my phone system four times . ra218 and ra2364 . the longest lasting went for 60 day before crashing , always the base unit goes bad.buyer beware
 These are NOT for overhead projectors - they are STRICTLY permanent markers . They do NOT erase -LRB- as an overhead projection marker should -RRB- . They do NOT wipe off -LRB- as an overhead projection marker should -RRB- . They are NOT wet erase -LRB- as an overhead projection marker should be -RRB- . These should NOT say ` Overhead Projection Markers ' - they are STRICTLY permanent markers . Not happy with this purchase - I could have bought regular permanent markers at a big box store if this is what I was looking for .
 I purchased this phone via Amazon , but when it finally arrived , I found that a dial tone could be heard on both the speakerphone as well as the handset , however , the phone would not dial out ! The buttons did nothing when pressed . None of the other features worked either . Very disappointed that something so simple would not work properly right out of the box . Buyer beware !
 I do n't like these as much as other brands I 've used.If anyone 's going to order based on the former reviews where they received 20 lifters , no more . Now you only get two , or one pair . So you can get a pair of a better designed brand in a office products store for about $ 2.50 or almost 50 % less than the price of these . Not a good buy .
 this is the worst fax machine I 've ever had . The paper gets jammed and you have to put the pages once at the time . The quality of the printed page is really bad .
 Bought this fax couple of months ago online.Already used 3 rolls of film though I do n't receive many faxes . Film is actually very similar to carbon paper and print quality is poor too.When I fax multiple pages , keep jamming.Other Panasonic fax I used over 7years was really good and that 's why I bought this one to my worst disappointment .
 Be aware , there is a problem in my machine and may happen to the machine that you are going to buy . The fax I received is too light and some smaller letters are not legible . Generally speaking , the print out quality is poor . I called Panasonic and they agreed to send me a replacement . Tell you what , the replacement one is even worse than my original one . That was a re-fabricated one . I called again and they said they could send me another one -- but I had to turn my original one in first . They said this is the `` advance replacement program '' about . Why I can not keep the better one -LRB- better of two bad ones -RRB- in order to have one more try ? So I decided to call it quit . I have to live with it . Basically Panasonic is a good brand but not this time .
 I purchased this Panasonic fax/answering machine as I have another in a vacation home . The other is cordless this is corded . The difference with this corded model is the sound quality on the answering machine is awful - both my husband and I have to listen many times to figure out the message . Also , I 've noticed that you have to put one page in at a time to fax anything .
 Panasonic KX-FP145 Slim-Design Fax Machine with Answering SystemItem was purchased new and has continued to extract ALL pages ... not one at a time . Contact with the factor indicates that there is no adjustment . I have to sit and feed one document at a time into the fax . The factory suggested that I return it ... but having purchased it online , I had no receipt.William P. Hill
 A replacement for a previous Panasonic that served me well but this machine is an imposter . The quality of a received fax is very poor and difficult to read . After a few days it would not send a fax at all , the document would stop while transmitting and the readout would state `` document jammed '' . It has been sent to a Panasonic service center at a cost of $ 16 and it will be interesting to see how long it takes for its return.Caveat emptor.I shipped to Panasonic service center in Ft.Worth , Tx . on January 3 . I finally got it back today , March 19 . Wow !! What dynamite service !!!!
 The picture that is in the ad clearly shows one purple and one blue tag -- while clear , they were tinted . However , what I received was a group of key tags that had no tint on them at all . Very disappointed . Had the picture been representative of what I received , I would not have ordered them . I wanted ones of different colors as I was supplementing an existing method of organizing keys where I work .
 The new phones did n't work properly -LRB- fading out while talking -RRB- . Then I returned the old V-tech phones by mistake . Of course , shipping was paid . I ca n't afford to go without my phones , as I work out of my home and often counsel over the phone . So I purchased three more phones from a dependable online source . I emailed Zinbo to see if they could at least reimburse me after they send my old phones back to me and I 'll return their phones . Again , I will have to pay for shipping . But it looks like I just lost out on this one . Below is my email to Zinbo . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 VTech seems to be doing a good job on a technical level . But their support is abysmal . I was encouraged by the flyer in their instruction packet that states , `` NEED HELP ? Our representatives are here to help you with any questions concerning the operation of this product , available accessories , or any other related issues . Call Toll Free
 I purchased this phone after seeing that it was the top rated model by Consumer Reports . Though quite happy with the phone 's initial performance , the problem comes in that it prematurely decides to stop performing . I ordered a replacement handset after one -LRB- of the two -RRB- that came with my system died after approx 9 mos . Oddly enough , the replacement handset I ordered was dead on arrival . I sent it back for a refund and decided enough was enough - I switched to a different phone model/manufacturer .
 This phone has been nothing but a total dud . It 's that simple.Our first one died and my wife loved the ring tones enoughto want to me to buy another one , which I did with the greathesitation due to the fact that the first one had issues , i.e : the audio would cut in and out , and a strange delay effectwould randomly occur during conversations.But I figured my particular phone was probably just a lemonand that if I got a new one it would work fine . Wrong ! Afterhooking up and using the new phone -LRB- identical model -RRB- , we soondiscovered that it had the exact same problems as the first.My advise ? There 's a thousand and one phones to choosefrom out there ... do n't make this one of them !
 I 've had several problems these phones -LRB- I have one main base unit and two accesssory handsets -RRB- . First , the general layout of the buttons could use some improvement . For example , when you try to cradle it between your head and shoulder , it 's almost impossible not to hit the mute button . Second , and much worse , the phones do n't always connect to the base when you try to answer an incoming call . I 've reprogrammed the handsets to the base 4 times now , and still the same thing happens -- the phone rings , I try to answer it , it beeps and the screen says `` unable to connect '' . Good thing I have caller ID , so I can call these people back ! Third and most annoying is the customer service department . If they know of a way to fix this problem I 'll never be able to find it as all I can get are pre-recorded messages . I even tried to e-mail their tech-support and got a pre-fab reply that did n't even relate to the problem I was having . Ca n't say that I 'd recomend this phone to anyone .
 product does not last -- is easily broken.Good idea , poor execution.Would not purchase additional -- and certainly would NOT recommend .
 I was excited to get these because I like bright colors , and because I keep a family whiteboard calendar that I like to color code -LRB- do n't judge , I 'm fussy -RRB- . Unfortunately , they are a disappointment on a number of levels.They SMUDGE
 Wow ... not happy with these at all ! Especially given the fact that some of the colors were already dried up ! Not worth the hassle in returning them ... but I just expected better .
 We have a white board that the kids play with and I thought these markers might be good because they each have their own eraser ... no more fighting over the eraser . But these markers seems harder to erase than other we 've used and the erasers do n't cut it . Two fell off the first day we used them and one is flaking into bits .
 I purchased these to go with my dry erase calendar . I thought they were great because they 're magnetic and they have erasers on top . Unfortunately , the quality reflects the price here because when I write with them , I can barely see the ink . It is really faint and watered down . I would NOT recommend these OR buy them again .
 I liked the selection of colors and the fact that they are magnetic . But after a while the ink or liquid of the marker runs out and it does n't work like it used to anymore . The only marker that is still working is the green one .
 I previously gave the markers four stars , but after using them for a longer amount of time , I 'm giving them one star . Like I said in my previous review , the colors are too light , and they are also pretty tiny . If you keep your board on the refrigerator like I do , then the markers will fall off if you shut the door . The blue one fell off one day , and the magnet broke off . What REALLY made me mad and why I 'm giving this a one-star rating is that it permanently stained my board . I 've tried using the erasers , I 've tried using water and scrubbing at it with a paper towel , but the marker stains just wo n't come off ! I 'm very upset . Now , I have to buy a new dry erase board !
 i was disappointed with these pens . the pigment in the marker seems pretty weak so it is n't easy to read on the white board . why would they include yellow on a white board ? i ca n't see that at all . i like the magnet on the cap in theory , but practically the markers are small so you have to squish the eraser to make the cap snap back onto the marker . i am a mom with three school-age children and a full schedule to manage so i was looking for markers to help me organize all the events in a color-coordinated way . these markers did not help me accomplish this .
 The purple marker was the same exact color as the blue one . I was n't too happy with that , but otherwise the markers were great
 Erasers pop out often , the markers themselves have a habit of popping open at random -LRB- very temperamental caps -RRB- and drying out when you 're not looking . These markers are way too fragile , and by the second week of owning them I found that half of the erasers were missing and the other ones I had in a little baggy by the markers themselves.Will never buy dry erase markers from this company again .
 The purple one lost it 's magnet the very first day . With normal use , they ran out quickly . I 'd stick with the standard before buying these again .
 i bought things with many other office equipment and honestly I should had gone to wallmart . ! the ink barely shows up.unsatisfied . the cost was the same as office stores in town .
 I could have gotton better at dollar store . Ink is weak and pens are low quality . The eraser ends are sure to fall off when you recieve them . You 're better off going to Target and getting a name brand set for the same price .
 I bought a white board that came with one of these markers and I thought it was ingenious but when I purchased this pack from Amazon , the markers were very poor quality . Though I have no complaints about the handy eraser or magnet function , writing with the markers was a useless venture . The brand-new markers wrote like very well-worn dry-erase markers even when pressing down firmly .
 All the pens in this pack are very dull . I have a previous pen , and the black is vibrant and black . These colors are dull and seem watered down .
 The markers we received did n't work , and seemed to be old -LRB- some sort of dust all over them -RRB- . Not sure where they came from , but they were dried out even after we tried rotating them upside down overnight and wetting the tips . Price for a similar -LRB- appears identical -RRB- item from Board Dudes at Target was lower , so just replaced them there and requested refund from Amazon -LRB- which they as always honored . -RRB- Glad we bought it from Amazon rather than having to worry about a return somewhere else .
 I prefer Quartet dry-erase markers . When I needed something smaller and functional for my cubicle , I thought these would be perfect . I was pleased by the size , the magnet on the cap as well as a matching mini eraser . However , their functionality leaves a lot to be desired . The magnets are rather weak . They either fall of their own accord or a light brush of the hand knocks them off , and the rest often follow suit . The eraser is flimsy and pops out easily.Only redeeming value
 I use dry erase markers all the time and I like the skinny , multi-color packs . But this brand or this pack was way to light it was hard to see . I would n't recommend them .
 One star for being such a nice small size . & for the great , vibrant colors.BUT ... they did n't come off the wipe board . So for dry erase pens , they DONT erase.When I tried to erase with the included black foam eraser on each pen tip & then with paper towel , the color spread & stained the board.Then using cleanser , it made no change ... ; -LRB- So sorry about it too , they are the perfect size for my son & his travel wipe board kit -LRB- the pens that came with it , of course dried up -RRB- .
 I bought these not expecting much . I did expect all to write . Out of 6 half did . I use the black , red and blue mainly - those have ink . It 's still annoying . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered these because , well , I like color , and I was also ordering another dry erase board for my refrigerator after my last one quit staying glued to the magnets.These look like a good deal - I got them fairly cheap here on amazon , and there are different colors . I thought I could be creative and have nice colorful grocery lists.Except that at least three of my markers were dried out without me ever using them . The black was sort of watery -LRB- it did work , but not well -RRB- . The purple turned watery and then lost all color . And the magnets are n't quite good enough to hold a single marker . If the pens were n't dried out , and had some sort of life , this would be fine - keeping them in the pack and sticking the pack on the fridge worked . They stayed on the fridge . But no , there 's no point in having them on the fridge if they do n't work at all.Next time I will just deal with fatter markers or fewer colors and buy markers from a different brand .
 I was pretty disappointed with these dry erase markers . First , when taking them out of the plastic bag they were housed in - I grabbed two by the eraser at the top and the erases came off ! They were n't attached to the cap at all - simply placed inside the came , meaning the erasers will soon be lost.Secondly - the magnets did n't stick very well on some of the markers . Meaning - they would n't stay attached to my dry erase board . So basically - the two best selling points of the markers did n't work well at all.The markers themselves worked well enough - they draw in a thin line which is great for us as my kids do a lot of school work on our dry erase board . The marker makes a line more similar to a pen you might use , so this would be great for a personal lap dry erase board or again - practicing school work on a dry erase board.The markers are small - probably 3/4 the length of the more common dry erase markers.But , the cheapness of the magnets and the erasers not being properly attached would keep me from purchasing or recommending these markers .
 I purchased two sets . One for my dry erase boards at home and one . For a big calendar at work . These markers are VERY light on my home white plastic and grey plastic boards . They are fine on the work hard heavy board . So your luck may vary .
 Have great markers for my dry erase Calendar white board . But , only had the Big eraser . Needed handy small erasers to erase small writing on day-to-day written details ... So ! for $ 3.66 -LRB- Free Shipping !!?? -RRB- I got what I wanted AND the fact that they have magnets was a bonus for me.If you are looking for vibrant color for everyday writing ? ... PASS !!! , 'cause like other reviewers have written , they are extremely dull and my green one is about dried out !!! and the top appeared to have been on there securely !!!
 I thought this was great because it had the cover , but after using it for a few minutes it was clear this is junk . The keys stick because the openings are not engineered properly . It truly is the worst handheld I have ever bought .
 I loved the features that this phone offered , you could upload photos -LRB- not that I ended up doing it -RRB- or music to create your own ringtone . However , I would end up on the phone talking to myself at least a few times a week ! If you are on the phone longer than 30 minutes the person you WERE talking to can no longer hear you , which sent you searching for the other handset ! You could still hear them.So after about 3 months of this problem my friends and family already knew , if I did n't respond to them it was n't because I was n't paying attention!The battery began to die sooner and sooner around the 1 year mark as well .
 I 've had the phone a little over a year . Ever so often , if you talk for more than 30 minutes the caller can no longer hear you speaking . You can hear the person on the other end . When you hang up , the battery is dead . If you sent upright on a table but set it down a little too hard the battery knocks loose and the phone is dead . The battery then shows zero charge even if there was a full charge before it blacked out . All and all , it 's a very difficult phone .
 This is a very cheap feeling , and costing , basic telephone . It does not appear to support a basic older style telephone headset that does work with other telephones without issues . This appears to be the case on multiple KX-TS500B 's as no one in our company has been able to get the headsets to work yet with this model , though they all have them working with other desk phones .
 This is a Poor Quality , tinny sounding , junk phone - but if you need one with a cord , it 'll do in a pinch .
 I recently purchased a refurbished VTech i5857 5.8 GHz DSS Expandable Cordless Phone with Dual Keypads and Color LCD Handset from the amazon seller named ZINBO.The seller 's comments on the item was `` This item is refurbished in A + + + + + working condition '' . I was also pleased to see all the prior positive feedbacks for this seller but least did i know that something else was lying in store for me.I recieved the equipment after 1 week I placed the order.Now to describe the condition of the phone it would be more easy to point out the flaws rather than the plus points .1 stly the the phone looks very old & it seems as if it has been quiet badly used by it 's prior owner . What i mean to say is that the paint on several parts of the handset including the dial digits has gone completely & it also has lot of dents & chip marks on it .2 ndly the battery life of the handset runs out very fast . So that means you have to charge the handset every day , then what is the point of calling it as a cordless phone if you have to leave the handset in its cradle for most of the time .3 rdly the handset volume button found on its side does not work .4 thly the shipment did n't include the instruction manual of the phone.So i have no reference to check upon if i come across any problem using the phoneI really wanted to return this item but even the return policy of the seller is no good.Finally i would say that my hard earned money has totally gone waste & i have learned my lesson -LRB- though in a hard way -RRB- that i would never blindfoldly trust all the postive feedbacks of a seller .
 i have no problems with this phone when it works but the durability/reliability is an issue . i bought 3 additional phones and 2 out of the three were out of commission within a few months .
 This is a beautiful looking phone , but , despite what the specs say , it is not compatible with hearing aids using a T-coil . It produces that loud hum that one can not hear through .
 This phone is flat out defective . I give this phone a -5 star if possible.The phone does not work .1 . The handset and base station has a difficulty remembering each other . I have to constantly enter the base station 's id code on the handset .2 . The handset dies after dialing . I charged the battery overnight and it just has some serious bugs .3 . The base station is an energy hog . Consumes 21.7 watts per hour -- multiply that by a year . Devices like these should not consume this much energy .4 . This phone looks good in picture . But the construction and feel of the product is very cheap.I 'm returning this phone today . I could have given this one star if it actually worked .
 I ordered this pencil as I collect mechanical pencils . This pencil is an auto advance one . Which works ok . Although this is not a well made pencil . The eraser does not have a cap . The body looks cheap plastic . the sleeve is made of plastic and not metal . Well , enough said about it . You get what you pay for.If you really want a good auto advance pencil then check out the original ones from Faber-Castell . they made first pencil of this kind .
 The i5853 is ok . The appearance is excellent not too many phones look this cool . BUT ... There are what I consider to be three major problems , four if you count the customer service .1 . The caller ID stores the numbers like a cell phone without the number ' 1 ' to call long distance , so if you find the number in the caller ID and want to call back at the touch of button , that will not happen , you must dial the whole number manually to include the ' 1 ' .2 . The reception seems good , but there is a definite echo in the headset and can be quite annoying , a little surprising that they would design a major aspect of the phone operation like that ... there are many complaints posted on the internet about this .2 . One of the best features is that a spare set of rechargeable batteries can be placed in the base set and will power the phone for a while if the power goes out or used as replacements for a handset . This feature seems to work , but you must use and buy at additional cost the Vtech batteries even though the manual says any NiMH at 1.2 v . If you put anything but Vtech batteries in the base set the unit gives you a warning that you placed alkaline batteries in even if you did n't which makes a light on the base flash VERY VERY bright and non-stop , which is really disturbing if you use in a bedroom . The batteries from Vtech are NiMH , 1.2 v , 1400mah . I could not find 1400mah and put 2200mah in , maybe the phone can tell the difference ? The batteries do work , but again , they give a warning and the annoying flashing light.I called the customer service/tech line to resolve the battery issue 4 times over 2 weeks . All can say about that is I hope English is not your only language and you can handle dealing with rude idiots that have no clue about why they are working there or their own products . They do however seem to know how to lie quite well when they do attempt to communicate . I can not state enough how HORRENDOUS the customer service at Vtech is . I am trying to be nice about this , but I would have liked to express this in expletives . Anyway if you get lucky and can find at working phone for cheap -LRB- $ 50.00 or under -RRB- then maybe , but never again for me . I took a chance on Vtech and lost . Good luck to anyone buying anything from Vtech .
 Let me start by saying that this unit is OK . The problems have been covered in the other reviews . -LRB- Although the person who said it works on 2.4 ghz and interferes with wireless networks is wrong , it runs entirely on 5.8 ghz according to the specifications . And I have n't noticed any interference with my wireless network at home . -LRB- If you have an 802.11 b/g network at home , go with a 5.8 ghz phone -RRB- As someone else said , the charging light blinks when it should n't . I have NiHM batteries installed , and the manual says it `` Flashes quickly when Alkaline batteries are detected in the spare battery drawer . `` Well , it detects them wrong . Probably a scam to get you to buy their own overpriced batteries . Sad , because this was a major selling point of this unit.But the worse problem
 I 'd gone through about 8 phones before finding v-tech generally to be the best and most logical . I had the 2461 system which I adored , but after 4 yrs , had to replace , so I upgraded to the 5866 . This is a comparison between the 2 . While loaded with silly features like a choice of ugly images , The unit is flashy , ugly and cumbersome . The 2461 neslted comfortably in the hand . The range is about the same , even though it is a 5.8 g . The photo is deceptive , because the angle makes the phone look slim . The max volume is too low . The speakerphone max volume is useless with any ambient noise . Clarity is only slightly worse than the 2461 . The handsets are not wall mountable , which the 2461 's were . For the search through the phonebook for #s you have to press the advance key separately for each `` next '' , which on the 2461 you just keep the key pressed . I hate it , and will try and find another of my beloved 2461s . Both phones keep the date and OGM through power outages , with the spare battery installed . This is an important feature if you have `` spotty '' elect service , which I 've only found on V-Techs , and is not mentioned in any phone specs . Both also do not display the incoming phone # , even though I have caller ID , and the #s are in my phone book .
 I purchased this phone at Sam 's Club about 1 year ago for full retail price at the time . I hate it . The sound quality is really poor . It constantly tells me that I am using the wrong batteries even though they are the factory batteries that came with the unit . There is no option to turn the ringer off on the base - so if you select a personalized ring tone you hear the ring tone AND the base ringtone -LRB- which can not be changed or turned off -RRB- . The outgoing message for the answering machine can not be turned off or muted either , so everytime we receive a call we all have to listen to my outgoing message , and it will slowly drive you nuts . The buttons are awkward and pretty cheap and cheesy . I 'm going back to a motorola as soon as I can justify spending another $ 100 + bucks on a phone . Another downer , we 've tried carrying the phone across the street when we are visiting our neighbors outside -LRB- maybe 40ft away -RRB- and there is no reception , 5.8 GHzs my @ % % . It 's a piece ...
 There are two different versions of this system . One is terrific and one is the worst telephone system I have ever owned . The terrific system is model E5655 , purchased from Hammacher Schlemmer , and the dreadful system is model E5965C , which is the model sold here on Amazon.The model sold by Hammacher Schlemmer is about half the size and bulk of the model sold here . As others have written , the model sold here , even a well-charged phone , repeatedly goes dead in the middle of conversations . I own both the system and the accessory phone , and both are dreadful . In the Hammacher Schlmmer version , the phone is perfect .
 Others have written about this phone not holding the charge , and I agree ! I ca n't tell you how many times a call has gone dead in the middle of a conversation , with no warning , no low battery message . I 've only had the phone since November . There is not a quick , convenient way to redail numbers -- you have to choose from a list of options , 1-plus number , or the area code without the 1 , or no 1 and no area code . No easy way to speed dial . Range is disappointing . I 'm looking for a new phone . Back to Uniden or Panasonic .
 This one looked so good , so I went to Circuit City yesterday to take a look . Right on the box , it brags about using 5.8 GHz AND 2.4 GHz to provide the best performance . Seems that all the so-called 5.8 GHz devices built by V-tech , including those V-tech builds for other companies like AT&T , are dual band . Beware , if you are worried about interference to your computer wireless network .
 I would like to `` focus my comments on the product '' , however , it STILL has not arrived , 4 weeks after the order was placed , for which I paid $ 11.47 shipping to expedite the order !
 I already own the E252 system with 4 handsets , and it works fine . However , the the power supply for the 2 additional handsets that I bought , do not work . I can not recharge the phones without using one of my old chargers . It is ridiculous that such a thing can happen with a big company like AT&T .
 I actually find the sound quality and range pretty good , but I think the system is designed poorly . I ca n't tell you how many times I have been on the phone and wanted to scroll through my caller ID to get a number for someone I was talking to . No dice , it wo n't do that . There are a number of issues like that . I ca n't program it to prefer line 2 to make calls . You may think this is a not a big deal , except I do n't like to reveal the line 1 number to my clients via there caller ID . So there went my private line.Also the belt clip is worthless and after what seemed like hours on the customer support line they want to charge me $ 5.00 to replace it even though the phone is still under warranty . I 'll try a different brand next time .
 Do n't bother buying this shredder . There are teeth in the mechanism that are used for shredding the paper . Some of the teeth in the one I own sparated from the drive mechanism and are freely rolling rather than being driven when power is applied . The bottom-line is that in these `` bad '' locations , the paper is not being pulled through the shredder and that forces it to move laterally in the drive / shredding mechanism until there are teeth that can grab and shred the paper . I got about 3-months of useful service out of it . If you want a serious shredder , this model is n't it . That 'll teach me to buy it on sale . : - -LRB-
 This phone cuts off callers . It finally happened to me when I was leaving a message for my wife and it cut me off and said , `` Invalid code . '' Quite often , the first three to five seconds of a message are recorded at too low of a volume to understand , and then it comes up to normal . Who was that calling ? A high tech feature like a redial button would have been nicer than the putzy two-handed menu button and line-pickup procedure . The off button on the handset does anything but turn it off . You can only remove the batteries . Sometimes the handset goes insane when in the cradle and you have to yank the batteries . Save your money .
 The phones are great when they work . We have a new business and needed intercom with handsets . It the base has a bad hair day the system wo n't work . If it is working , it works great . We have spent lots of time getting the lines and etc. to work and about ready to give up -LRB- like right not when I started looking for a new system -RRB- and all of a sudden it starts working again . If it works , do n't touch it .
 Sound quality is poor more than about 20 ' away . I had to the move the base to the center of the house -LRB- rather than the kitchen where we wanted it -RRB- to get it to work at all . I had to return a unit . Now I 'm stuck with it sort of working but with clicky-popy sound . Do n't buy this system .
 They sent the wrong unit , refunded some money , and now line 2 has stopped working , after I invested in the handsets for this one . Bummer .
 The unit cuts off callers mid-sentence . No reason known , although it is usually the same caller which makes it even more annoying .
 I have now had 2 of these phones in two months and each time the answering machine stops working and wo n't record a message . With this most recent one the person will start talking and the recording to ask for the security code starts and cuts off the message . Not worth the money at all . I hear Panasonic has come out with a good 2-line phone . This is a waste of time and money .
 I purchased this system -LRB- base and to cordless units -RRB- through an Amazon.com retailer and the cordless phones both consistently have a very loud clicking noise all of the time . I even have the signal strength option enabled and I continue to have this problem . It is so annoying to both my callers and I that I do not even use the cordless units any longer . I attempted to get support on the unit and had no success . The system was purchased new , so I paid a premium price . What a waste of money ! I would not recommend this system to anyone .
 Positives ? Handsets easy to use and full-featured . Handset switches lines easily and can access all functions . The speakerphone is pretty good according to people on the other end of the call , although they can tell it is a speakerphone.Negatives ? It is getting returned for two reasons
 It was mildly reassuring to read that many other customers also experienced a recurring malfunction with this phone 's answering system , cutting off callers mid-mssg . But how did ATT screw up a product this badly ? They should recall it . In addition , the number of steps required to switch between lines is laughable and impractical . I hate this phone and want my old Panasonic 2-line corded phone back . But they do n't make it anymore !
 As others have noted , the answering machine cuts off roughly a third of income messages , prompting the caller to enter a security code . Also , the battery on the handset died after less than a year . When I try to charge it , it seems to reset itself and beep loudly every few seconds . I would not buy this product again.I just ordered a Panasonic KX-TG6502B to replace this unit .
 We had to return this phone because the answering function worked on line 2 but not line 1
 - I woke up one morning to find my two cordless units with message `` Searching for Base '' - On the base unit , I hit the DEREGISTER ALL option - The display unit of the answering base shows the following message : E 2562M51 S51 FDXIMay 15 , 200214:12:06 All keys are totally dysfunctional . I tried plugging into a different location after 5 minute gaps and all other options.CUSTOMER SERVICE RESPONSE : They asked me to try plugging the answering machine base into other locations around the house after removing batteries from the cordless units.Unfortunately I barely ran out of warranty to take advantage of the warranty replacement process.Please advise if there is a fix for this.I obviously misspent $ 199 + $ 75 for the second cordless unit .
 I 've had exactly the same problems as some of the other reviewers . The E2562 cuts off about a third of the callers who try to leave messages . When the first model did this , I called AT&T ; and they swapped out my unit for another 2562 model . It ALSO cut off my callers . So they offered me the previous model , the 2462 . I 've still got both of them sitting on my desk not knowing what to do , because the 2462 -- you guessed it -- cuts off my callers in mid-sentence . And by this time , I 'm far beyond the return time for the unit . The only thing AT&T ; can offer me is a cordless model that is only one line . I need the corded base -LRB- to do interviews -RRB- and of course the two lines for my business.Also after the third unit , the 2462 , failed , the company had the nerve to say the problem must be in my phone line ! Now that I read these other reviews , I ca n't believe I almost bought that.My other complaints mirror others noted here -- you ca n't switch lines with the handset off the base . You have to remember to do it before you pick up . The sound quality of the answering machine is poor . And here 's another annoyance that probably would n't bother most people . I need to have voice mail through my phone company for my business line -LRB- I do long interviews on the phone and do n't want my callers to get a busy signal -RRB- . So I turned off the answering system on Line 2 . But when you do that , the on-off button on the phone BLINKS -- drives me crazy ! I have to put a sticker over it.Don ' t buy this phone . If you get a working answering machine with it , you 'll be lucky . Look into other options . And to AT&T ; -- this phone system is far too expensive to be continuing to sell a system on the market that is as bad as this one is.It only gets 2 stars instead of one because it 's a sleek-looking phone . And the handset expansions work .
 I purchased this phone with high hopes of it being able to handle both personal and business lines well , and in a discreet way . The fact is , the electronic features of this product are brilliantly thought out and the phone system functions with a high degree of intuition . It also has a quality `` feel '' . The problem is , the voice quality -LRB- ultimately the bottom line -RRB- is poor -LRB- people complained -RRB- and the sound reproduction of the answering machine is simply dreadful - for me it was unacceptable.Another problem , is that the two base units for the cordless handsets -LRB- not the handsets , themselves -RRB- that I got with this phone -LRB- I purchased an additional one -RRB- interfered with the VHF reception on my TV to the point of rendering it non watchable . As long as one of the base units was plugged into a wall receptacle somewhere in the house , it produced tremendous visual and auditory interference on the TV across the VHF spectrum -LRB- I use an antenna for off-air viewing -RRB- that made it impossible to view ANY programming . Unplug the base units from the wall -LRB- again , I 'm not speaking about handset use -RRB- and the problem stopped immediately ! Go figure!This promising product needs further refinement to be viable . I returned mine for a refund .
 This phone is just terrrible . The answering machine sounds like someone with marbles in their mouth . A $ 19 answering machine sounds better . What 's worse than that is that inexplicably callers get cut off in the middle of their message . Also you can be assured that if line two rings while line 1 is taking a message the answering machine cuts off . Switching lines or using the built in address book is totally non-intuitive . It reminds me of the original calculators using reverse polish notation . -LRB- no slur intended -RRB- Normally , when one wants to make a call , we pick up the receiver and dial right ? With this phone you must select your line , scroll through the address book to find the number you wish to call , go through the menu system and only then pick up the handset and it auto-dials . I could go on and on but lets just leave it at JUST TERRIBLE .
 I actually find the sound quality and range pretty good , but I think the system is designed poorly . I ca n't tell you how many times I have been on the phone and wanted to scroll through my caller ID to get a number for someone I was talking to . No dice , it wo n't do that . There are a number of issues like that . I ca n't program it to prefer line 2 to make calls . You may think this is a not a big deal , except I do n't like to reveal the line 1 number to my clients via there caller ID . So there went my private line.Also the belt clip is worthless and after what seemed like hours on the customer support line they want to charge me $ 5.00 to replace it even though the phone is still under warranty . I 'll try a different brand next time .
 We tested Model 2462 , two different bases , cut off messages . They sent us this upgraded model , E2562 . Switching lines is very difficult at the base , however , not a problem that ca n't be worked around . But , when line one is placed on hold to answer line two , line one is disconnected . Not acceptable ! Especially in a business environment . Too bad , because the voice quality is great . So far only one day of lost messages -LRB- hopefully a fluke -RRB- .
 That 's right , ANOTHER review that the answering machine hangs up in mid-call . Some days it 's fine , most days it 's not . This is the SECOND unit I 've tried ; BOTH units began exhibiting this problem after a month or so of service . It seems the problem begins as soon as you throw the packages away ... Additionally ; - the handsets do n't easily register button presses , which makes dialing many digits difficult . - the ink labels on the chrome buttons have worn off -LRB- one of them being `` OFF '' ! -RRB- . - line 1/line 2 selection on the base unit is not intuitive . This `` feature '' does n't add any special function and is counter-intuitive . - the power button blinks constantly , reminding you that ... wait ! It does n't remind you of ANYTHING . - the handset units ca n't initiate a voice page to the base without someone at the base to pick it up.Customer support
 Bought it for my new retail store and hate it almost as much as my customers who try to leave messages and just get cut off . It may have cost me sales , who knows.One of the cordless handsets has a battery that is defective.It is also common to think you have keyed in a whole telephone number only to find after a while of waiting to hear a ringtone that the key pad did n't register one of the buttons you pressed . We now spend time very deliberatley pressing the numbers to avoid wasting even more time.The only reason I have n't changed it yet is that I work so many hours I have had no time . When I do buy a new one I intend to destroy this model with a mallet , or by rolling over it with my truck . I feel I need revenge and satisfaction . Terrible product .
 Before I bought this phone , I had a 7-year-old Toshiba 2.4 GHz phone and a 7-year-old Panasonic digital answering machine . I had to replace the phone because it interfered with our wireless network , and I figured I 'd get a new answering machine at the same time - 7 years later , the technology must be better , I reasoned.Not so . The sound quality on this phone OK , but worse than on my old phone . And the sound quality of the answering machine is unacceptaby muffled . But those are the first of several big disappointments . The phone has nearly no sidetone , meaning you do n't hear yourself speaking in the earpiece . This makes every call uncomfortable . When the phone is on the base station ringing and you pick it up , it does n't get `` picked up '' - you have to press a button . Likewise , hanging it up does n't hang it up . When you press the button to talk , there 's a 1-second delay before the caller can hear you , so you end up saying hello twice . Oh , let 's see . The `` wallpaper '' backgrounds are insanely amateurish . No matter how badly you draw , you draw better than the Michelangelos who made this thing . Next
 Phone did not work . Charged battery as instructed and phone would turn on mommentarily . Then it would not power on again . Took battery out and reinserted it ant it turned on again and then when out . Tried new batteries and it did the same thing . Did not want to fool with trying to get another one so we sent it back . All default settings for this phone were all in Spanish !!!! Had to go through and change these . What happened to ENGLISH ???
 I purchased the base station plus 4 extensions . Unfortunately , my roommate installed it and threw away all the boxes before I came back home . Essentially , two of the extensions had so much static that you can not even connect to the base station no matter how close you are to it -LRB- they say they are `` searching '' . One had a bad static problem where you can not hear the person at the other end of the line , and the other two headsets varied depending on how far from the base station you were . It is not clear to me whether it is a signal strenth issue , a channel interference issue , a bad headset , or a bad base . Either way , the troubleshooting guide makes no mention of a proper diagnosis of the problem -LRB- and of course , no proper solution -RRB- and AT&T tech support has n't claimed that they heard of this problem before . I normally like Panasonic phones and I 've tried V-Tech , to my disappointment . I thought I 'd try an American design but I guess I just threw away some money .
 Purchased this from Amazon some time ago . It is a piece of junk . Loves batteries . It is in the trash.Don ' t waste your money on this product or Brand . Panasonic is much better in every way .
 I bought these dividers , a very large amount of them for a business . They are marketed as reuseable . They DO NOT sell the labels seperately . Nor do they make labels close to the same size . So , when you buy these thinking you can reuse them , be prepared to not be able to get new labels once the 2 pages that they give you with the pack of 5 sets runs out . Had I known this , I would never have purchased all of these dividers . At almost $ 40.00 for a pack of 5 sets , what a waste . I was told by a rep at Avery that in order to get more labels , you need to buy more dividers ! No thanks .
 I 've ordered these bag before no problem . Everything was in bundles making it easy to count and store . This time it came in a giant box with all the bags loose floating around . How am I going to store this huge box . Also how do I know if I have the proper amount of bags . This order sucks .
 We have never liked these phones ... there has not been good reception , an annoying beeping that can only be heard by the person you are talking to . And now the buttons are almost unoperable - CAN NOT use the phones for automated calls because it is too hard to push the buttons .
 In less than six months , the buttons were SO difficult to push that we can not call any phone numbers that require punching in an account number or something of the like . BOTH phones do this!The main phone -LRB- the one with the base that has the answering machine unit -RRB- no longer charges either phone . I used to have to play with it for a while to get it to start charging , but now it just does n't charge at all , so we have to use the little base to charge both phones . However , in the last two days , we 've noticed that the little base is beginning to do it as well.The battery sucks !!! Within two or three hours , it is dead and we have to charge it again for two or three hours.PLEASE do not waste your money on this HORRID phone ! These are the only phones we have at present , so we 're stuck with it until we have the money to buy a proper phone . Do n't put yourself into this situation . We assumed since it was such an expensive phone and that it was AT&T ; , that it would be a great phone . Nope . No such luck !
 Battery now lasts maybe an hour off the charger , buttons stick making it difficult to dial out -LRB- not to mention frustrating -RRB- , and there are `` clicks '' for no reason when I 'm talking so the other person on the line continually asks , `` Is that your other line ? '' AGH ! Avoid at all costs ! My boyfriend loves his Panasonic phones , so I 'm going with the best-rated Consumer Reports Panasonic . It 's awful to get a bad phone - just move on ! -LRB- And my dad is an engineer and picky about electronics - so I know all the `` tricks '' to take care of phones and extend battery life ... -RRB-
 This phone has been good for me for several years , and it is certainly less ugly than most phones seem to be these days , but the buttons have started to go on mine , and I am about to ditch it for something better . Either they are totally impossible to press or they press twice , making it extremely difficult to dial or even answer this phone . Really , it 's an unacceptable situation , and AT&T should be ashamed about this .
 Buttons stick and am currently shopping for new phones to replace . Do not buy !
 Hey - I purchased this for my 71 year old Mom , and it 's just terrible . I do not know which importer now has the AT&T ; license to make phones after the Southwestern Bell purchase of it 's former Mother - i.e. Ma Bell AT&T ; but this thing rates below the cheapie Conairs of the past . I am sure she did not keep the packing material or the reciept , so we are going to eat this one and move on to something better . If this is a VTECH phone -LRB- used to have the rights to the AT&T ; brand -RRB- then shame on you guys.Can you tell I used to be in this industry ? Get your act together guys , get the QC manager down to the plant in China .
 Bought to replace a Panasonic kxtc911 , this phone feels cheap . It 's smaller , lighter and flimsier than the 3 year old unit it replaced . It is for my 91 year old mother , and she 's had problems adjusting to it because the buttons are smaller and the button id 's harder to read . There is an annoying delay in the speaker as the volume cranks up at two distinctly different levels ... softer when first turned on and then normal . Otherwise , it performs ok . I 'm not sure that mail order is always the best way to go ... if it was from a big box store , it would have gone right back , but because it has to be wrapped and shipped back , she 'll live with it . Besides , Mom 's nowhere near as fussy as I am .
 Terrible experience with this phone
 About 4 years ago , I replaced my old Panasonic cordless phone with a new one . IT worked okay , not the best clarity -LRB- but that might have something to do with Verizon in NYC -RRB- . Well about 2 years ago , the display on one handset starting going in and out . It rendered the phone directory useless . About 9 months ago , the display on both handsets stopped working - blank screen.When I called the customer service number for Panasonic , the customer service rep informed me that there was nothing that Panasonic could or would do other than sell me another phone system , a replacement handset -LRB- for $ 79.00 -RRB- or replacement battery -LRB- for $ 19.99 -RRB- . Better yet , she suggested that I mail -LRB- at my expense -RRB- the handsets to one of their repair centers -LRB- and they could bill me -RRB- . Neither of these solutions were guaranteed fixes for the lack of display . The customer service rep offered to provide me a small discount if I purchased another Panasonic phone . The discount was from a full list price?By the way , the batttery life for a Panasonic Battery is only 12 to 18 months - something to think about when buying a Panasonic cordless phone . You will have to factor in new batteries or handsets.Question - why would I waste more good after bad ? I think a better option would be to purchase a NON-Panasonic cordless phone from Amazon .
 I bought this one several years ago , the battery life , the features , ease of use , portability and sound quality are all very good . But the biggest flaw was that Panasonic cordless phones will always die after 2 or 3 years , once the warranty is running out . This has been my 4th Panasonic cordless phone , all my other Panasonic phones were running into the same problems and so is this one
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS SELLER . -LRB- THIS HAS BECOME A SCHEME WITH ONLINE SELLERS -RRB- DO NOT BELIEVE , WHEN THEY SAY PRODUCTS ARE NEW !!! PRODUCTS LISTED AS NEW , ARE NOT ! ARE NOT AS ADVERTISED . THEY ARRIVE IN WRONG BOX WRAPPED IN NEWSPAPERS . THEY ARE NASTY , THEY HAVE CANDY BARS STUFFED IN SPEAKERS , PHONES HAD ELECTRICAL SHORTS , BROKEN , MISSING PARTS , AND THEN WHEN YOU GET IT HOME AND WHEN YOU DISCOVER THIS , THEN YOU WILL HAVE TO PAY YOUR `` OWN POSTAGE '' TO RETURN THESE PRODUCTS . 3 MONTHS LATER AND AFTER MANY , MANY EMAILS , APPEALS LETTERS , FILING COMPLAINTS -- YOU MIGHT GET YOUR MONEY BACK , MINUS YOUR $ $ $ IN SHIPPING COST AND A HEADACHE . NOT WORTH IT ! TAKE YOUR MONEY AND BUY FROM SOMEONE , WHO HAS A REPUTABLE RETURN POLICY AND THEY PAY THE POSTAGE ...
 I bought a Panasonic product trusting that it would be a quality phone . There were a lot of phones that cost a lot less but I wanted a really good one . What I got was a piece of junk . I have had the item two months and already both units have a problem . First I contacted Amazon and they ca n't help after 30 days . Then I contacted Panasonic and they wo n't give me a new item but will try and repair it after they make me jump through numerous hoops . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ITEM !
 Knowing I would be starting to work from home soon and needing a new cordless phone , I bought this with high hopes about the good reviews . I 've been using it the past week as my primary office phone , and I 'm really disappointed.It sits right on my desk , so the handset usually sits in the cradle . However , I take part in plenty of long conference calls . I thought it was a fluke when the battery charge lasted about an hour after the first few long calls . But it seems to be a consistent problem.I tried putting the handset on the cradle once during a call when I got the low battery warning . The call was cut off . Very bad design . If you 're going to offer weak battery life , you should have some option for those of us who use headsets to continue the call when we 're required to recharge the bad battery.Which leads to my second complaint ... if you have phone with a a weak battery , you should have a headset port on the base unit as well as on the phone . That way , I 'd be able to use my base unit as a fully functioning desk unit . No such luck.So if I 'm on a very long conference call , taking notes while speaking -LRB- not wanting the others to hear my typing on the speakerphone -RRB- , I am completely out of luck with this bad phone . It 's probably too late to return it.I too am annoyed by the `` missed call '' indicator showing even when I did n't miss the call . * Update March 2008 * This phone does n't play well with my wireless network . It started out OK , next to the router in my kitchen . But then the speakerphone stopped working and the handset had a loud crackling noise on the line , making it useless . Still , I decided to test it in another room . I moved it there and it works OK now . Of course , this is the guest room , fairly inconvenient.In the meantime , I 've moved an old cordless phone to the kitchen for the time being . It works fine next to the router , as before . I 'd replaced it because the buttons do n't work that well anymore . Now I 'm in the market again for a -LRB- cheaper -RRB- cordless with caller ID and a speakerphone . Sigh .
 I bought this phone in May 2007 after much research . Panasonic looked to be the winner in terms of range , call quality etc. . Lots of cool features including the ability to upload pictures and associate to stored tele # 's -LRB- great for kids to know when the grandparents call -RRB- . After living with it for a bit though , we struggled with standby battery life . This phone needs to be recharged after a couple hours worth of use -LRB- expect to recharge daily as the color LCD is a power hog -RRB- . Plus , you ca n't power down the LCD if it 's in the cradle -LRB- good for an extra night light I suppose -RRB- . Consider carefully why you need color LCD , as the old displays work fine and run for days versus this phone . Biggest gripe was that the base unit buttons -LRB- key pad , speaker phone button , etc. -RRB- all stopped working after 3 months , making the base unit useless for my home office needs . Sent off to Panasonic 's return center and was shipped out a refurb 2 weeks later , only to have that base die the same death as the first after another couple months . Handsets still work , but the base unit keypad and buttons are totally dead , just as before . Panasonic 's response ? `` We 're sure the next unit you get will work fine . '' Yeah , right ! 3rd time the charm ?
 We got a replacement phone , but it does the same thing ... just cuts out in the middle of a call . The camera we purchased with it -LRB- the reason we got it -RRB- works ok , but I would never buy them again .
 We had a previous version of this Panasonic phone and it worked more simply and more effectively . I did n't like this phone the minute I opened it . It is much more complicated to use than the previous version . The keys are too small . The coating/paint has worn off the `` talk '' and `` off '' buttons . The menus are not as easy to use . The CID buttons and phonebook are the most commonly used features on this phone and have the smallest keys . The joystick used to control these features and now controls rarely used items . The phone volume is quite low and now attracts much interference from other wireless devices . There are no channels to change . It does say it has a boost and voice enhancer - neither does anything to affect the quality of the phone voice . I did program the face with a picture of where each phone belongs for the kids . And I programmed the phones so I could use them as intercoms for remote rooms . But , overall I have to say it is poorly designed for the most basic use . As you can see I still do n't like this phone .
 Lack of clarity sound with unacceptable distorted noise . No backlit on Answer or End call key which is also unacceptable . I have VTech I5871 and because the handset is too long ... much further than where my mouth is , therefore , my friend barely can hear me well . So I look for another phone and found this . When first hooked up this phone - first dissapointment ... . no backlit on Answer or End call key . Now at the dial tone , I can hear annoying noise behind dial tone . So I unplug the phone cord from the phone , and see if it is still there . Unfortunately , the noise is still there . I immediately switch back to VTech i5871 , without phone cord plug in ... all I hear is dead silence ... I plugged the phone cord back in , I can hear dial tone clearly without ANY distorted noise - now that 's what I call clarity . I had Panasonic phone before and they were pretty good . But this one is just a big disappointment .
 I bought this phone and for a few months it worked great ! Then in March , 2007 the hand set just did not work anymore . The painting on the buttons started comioing off , fading away and we hardly used it . The handset looked like crud . I called cutomer service . Reception was horrible as I was talking overseas -LRB- like every othe company -RRB- . I am irritated with Panasonic 's warranty policy which states that the customer has to flip the bill for shipping to a service center to get it looked at and possibly replaced . I think this is unfair business practices and I will make sure to seek out companies who stand by their products and their mistakes . No more Panasonic for me for now . I have wrote this as an email to their customer service . I will be interested on how they respond if at all .
 My previous Panasonic cordless lasted ten years without any problems . This 776 unit was purchased new and the base went dead after one month of use . Panasonic only offered to replace with a `` re-manufactured '' unit .
 I purchased this phone from Amazon in June . I just sent it in to the Panasonic service center this week , because it had become unusable . It 's been replaced by another phone , so it probably wo n't go back into service after it 's been repaired.Problems we had : * All buttons on the base unit stopped working after about 3 months . We kept using the phone , since we could play back messages from the handset . * After about 6 months , caller ID stopped working . Handsets would no longer display or announce the incoming caller . * At about the same time as the caller ID failed , we would sometimes see incoming calls cut off after a single ring . Callers complained that they heard a `` fax machine noise '' and were disconnected.At that point we had no choice but to buy another phone and send this one in for repair.Other annoyances : * After any call , ALL handsets displayed `` missed call '' - including the handset that answered the call . This is an annoying bug in the phone 's software , though I could n't get Panasonic to confess to that . * The GIGARANGE utility included with the phone -LRB- used to load pictures and ringtones onto the handsets -RRB- installs in `` start when Windows starts '' mode , which means that if you have Windows XP in `` switch user '' mode , the second user gets a complaint that GIGARANGE ca n't start . * The phone * may * have caused interference with my 802.11 g home network . I ca n't say for sure , but our laptop would occaisionally drop its connection to the wireless network , and that has n't happened since I packed up the phone last week.So enough complaints . Things I liked : * Large , clear display * Talking caller ID is great , though it does have the limitations noted in other reviews -LRB- it will announce the name as provided by the phone company , even if the number is in the phone 's address book and has another name assigned -RRB- * The ability to load pictures and ringtones is nice , but not as compelling as I expected it to be * Voice quality was good , though I must say that I 've had better . The Uniden DECT phone we bought to replace this phone has excellent clarity.Overall I would n't buy this again , and the experience has lowered my opinion of Panasonic phones .
 Panasonic actually emailed me to let me know that there is a way to do what I was complaining about , albeit a bit buried in a menu . So yes , if it were possible I would remake this as four stars . You can assign ringtones like your cell phone so you will always know if it 's a friend calling from across the room . You can choose not to screen calls -LRB- the silent mode I was looking for -RRB- and turn the ringer off to watch movies in peace , yet still be able to see if there 's a call that you want to take , since you are able to ascribe colors to friends in the address book -LRB- the LED on the phone glows one color for incoming choose another for friends -RRB- for the least intrusive phone possible.The only niggling complaint I can think of is that there is no way to have a friend or two override the other ring settings , and that the handset is n't designed the be held between shoulder and face -LRB- it slips -RRB- That and it would be nice if it had bluetooth . But I am ashamed that it took me about a year of ownership to get that it 's near to perfect . Geesh , and I work in the internets!I do n't know about you , but sometimes I want to be able to get messages , but not have to listen to them as they are being left . Like if I am watching a movie , taking a nap or even just don ; t feel like being disturbed . The brain-trust at Panasonic , unlike every other manufacturer on Earth does not take this into account , You can turn the ringer off and you can turn the volume down somewhat but you can not turn it off meaning that you can either shut the machine off completely or just suffer through those six AM messages from Jo Blo 's Carpet Cleaning Company.Too bad , 'cause there are a lot of admirable features on this
 I purchased the KX-TG5776S Panasonic cordless answering system with the full color LCD handset to upgrade our cordless phones and add the video camera -LRB- Panasonic KX-TGA573S -RRB- The phone and all the other bells and whistles are neat , however the video monitor / camera has some serious usability issues which forced me to return the entire system.The phone system fails to meet basic monitoring requirements :1 -RRB- The camera does not function in low light areas . There is no IR light on the camera to assist in low light situations . Disappointing because most video baby monitors have this included .2 -RRB- The handset turns off after 10 minutes of monitoring another room . Even my old phone system it replaced could monitor other handsets endlessly .3 -RRB- You can not monitor / view the camera when the handset is charging in the cradle . Even if you could change the 10 minute timeout , you can not monitor when the handset is charging.The phone system itself is good , the video camera / monitor is a neat idea , however all features have appeared to have been rushed to market bypassing any usability studies.Recommendation
 I bought this phone and two additional handsets in August , 2006 . I was immediately unimpressed with the signal quality -- crackling static on the line , and an intermittent odd clicking noise on two of the handsets . After putting in a line filter , and exchanging one of the handsets , the problem is still only partially resolved -- line crackling is still always present , but reduced . The clicking noise remains on only one handset.Worse , after a few weeks , the phones began treating each incoming call as a `` missed call '' whether the call was picked up or not . Does n't sound like a big deal , but the phone is in your face regarding the `` missed call '' and requires you to acknowledge it by pressing at least two buttons to clear the screen . This is a part of the caller ID feature set and apparently ca n't be turned off . Customer assistance is worse than useless . I spent maybe 6-8 hours total on multiple occasions on the phone with them . No resolution . Now they want me to send the base unit and the three handsets with the original boxes and receipts back to them , while they look it over for `` 7 to 10 days '' . Gim me a break.My experience with the phone -- adequate , but many bugs . All bets off if you need customer service .
 This phone has n't worked correctly from the beginning . None of the features functioned like they supposed to according to the manual
 Got ripped off on a refund through Amazon . Paid $ 45 for a cordless phone and had to add $ 10 to ship it back . Out of the $ 55 I had into this , I received a $ 32 return !! The add I clicked on to buy the phone was misleading ... it did NOT say the phone was an extension only and would not work without a base unit !! I will not be using Amazon or ANYonline ever again !!
 This is probably the seventh or eighth Panasonic phone system that I 've bought . It 's also probably the last . They have stopped including the mounting for wall mounts and the belt clips in the box . Furthermore , when you call for them they expect you to pay an arm and a leg for them PLUS shipping & handling . What Nerve ! Oh , the phone works but you do n't want to have more than one 5.8 in the same house . They give eachother static.I hope this helps .
 The main phone stunk , bet this does too . Too bad , Panasonic was my go to brand for over 10 years .
 LCD screen is marginally readable . Sound quality is average . Unit clock resets itself to midnight , December 31 , everytime I hang up the phone . Batteries tend to pop out of holder . The cord between the base unit and the handset has special plugs that are slightly narrower then standard plugs , so to replace this cord , one must purchase a Panasonic manufactured cord , not a generic . Called Panasonic to get a replacement phone and they said I had to pay for shipping and that the replacement phone , although new , would come in a box that was marked `` Remanufactured Unit '' . Considering the poor quality of the phone I purchased , I did not fully believe their tech rep who I talked to .
 I did not heed earlier reviews regarding the battery power problem with this phone . I should have . In 2 months I have replaced the batteries 3 times ; this last time they only lasted a few days ! Panasonic customer service actually had the nerve to suggest I replace them again with Panasonic brand batteries -LRB- instead of the new Duracell Alkaline AAs I used -RRB- . Now I have to package it up with the incvoice , the reason for return on a separate page , go and post it at my expense and wait for them to send me a refurbished replacement . Is it so difficult to simply make a telephone that does what it 's supposed to do ? Another inexcusable annoyance is that , as a wall phone , it attaches only in 1 place , which causes it to swing if you move/walk while using the handset . Do n't buy it !
 Do not buy this phone . I bought this phone in April . By the end of June , the rocker button -LRB- up-down-left-right -RRB- did n't work and the time display would resent to 000 when you tried to review calls . There was no way to clear/fix the display and I was outside of the return window to send it back . By the end of July , none of the buttons worked . I would give this product no stars if this tool would let me .
 We bought 2 of these for our office and BOTH of them after working fine for a few months now have non-functioning LCD panels , which means the caller-ID feature is useless . Changing the batteries does not help . -LRB- We tried this twice , with different batches of batteries . -RRB- Apparently we can return the phones and get back refurbished phones after several weeks but since our office ca n't be without phones , we 'll just have to scrap these and get something else . I would not judge this product so harshly if this was just a random defect , but it seems to be a common problem judging by the number of similar complaints . There 's no excuse for continuing to sell a faulty product . If you need caller ID you might want to consider another product .
 Need to hold my mouth VERY CLOSE to the headset when speaking . If not , the other party often has difficulty hearing me . This also becomes unsanitary . DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 What a bad experience . I received this phone as a gift . The redial and caller id functions did not work . Panasonic told me to mail the phone to them for replacement . I paid $ 10 to do so ; I asked for a reimbursement and got no response . Got a new phone from them . The redial worked for 5 minutes and now does not work . No caller id . I give up . The most basic functions -- calling , volume , receiving calls -- work fine .
 I bought two phones for my home after reading reviews and phone product details . No place on the web -LRB- including panasonic web site -RRB- , phone details talk about requiring 3-AA batteries that I found after receiving the phone . New batteries die in less than a month . Replace batteries , same problem . Display is not lighted and hard to read . I would say panasonic should have provided AC adapter or low consumption battery product . I would stay away from this phone if caller id and speaker functions important to you .
 The speaker phone and caller ID only work when you have batteries in it . It takes 3 AA batteries and they last a few weeks at the most , and that is with light use . There is no way to plug in an adapter either . The sound with the handset is okay , but the speaker phone is not very good . I do not recommend this phone .
 I bought the Panasonic KX-TS600W phone as a replacement for a similar , but 20 + year old speakerphone -LRB- without Caller ID -RRB- . I figured it would be nice to have the Caller ID function built in . Well , I should have read the reviews first . The device does not have a port to connect a `` wall wart '' power supply , and runs off 3 `` AA '' batteries . Not only does the caller ID display run off the batteries , but you also can not enter the `` speakerphone '' mode without batteries . But while the instructions claim you get 6 months of battery life , in practice I get 3 weeks or so at best with good Alkaline-type batteries . Since I am an experienced electronics technician , I was able to make a measurement of the current draw upon the batteries
 The caller ID etc. works only when batteries are installed . Fresh batteries are drained in about a week . I gave up replacing the batteries because it 's so wasteful . My opinion of Panasonic really diminished when I discovered how poorly engineered this phone is.Consider this an OK basic phone with NO caller ID or other display functions .
 The one serious issue I have with this phone is that when using the headset jack , a few seconds after you hang up , it emits a dial tone burst through the headset . This may actually be loud enough to be painful , depending on your ears , your headset , and the volume settings of the phone and the headset -LRB- if it has a volume setting -RRB- . But regardless of whether it hurts , it is annoying . I am going to try to replace this phone with a Plantronics T10 due to this problem . Obviously I do n't know whether this problem is just with my unit or is present in some or all other units . One other reviewer -LRB- under a different listing of the same product but in back -RRB- has reported a problem that sounds the same .
 This is a light weight low cost shredder that stopped working 6 months after I purchased it despite very light use . The shredder now works only one way not both ways hence you can shred provided you are inserting paper from below and want it to move upwards as its being shredded . Needless to say becomes useless at this point .
 The description of the envelope states the envelope is 9.8 X 9 . It is in fact 7.25 X8 . It is the correct size to hold a CD but not the size indicated . I had to return the item as it was too small . The material seems good and plastically -LRB- would be water resistent -RRB- but , the air pockets are not too deep . It will provide some cushioning but not a lot of protection if you are mailing heavy items .
 They require 3rd party vaidation and then start charging you other fees ... . used to be a good product . . now it stinks ...
 Versacheck sounds like a great idea but unless the checks are printed with special magnetic ink , they are hard to use . Stores and banks often will not accept them because their check readers can not read them if magnetic ink is not used . Versacheck sells printers and magnetic ink . The printers are cheap but the ink is very expensive . Moreover , the ink cartridges have a short life and Versacheck will not replace them if they are defective . i had two new black cartridges and neither worked but Versacheck would not replace them.All in all it appears that you save money by printing your own checks rather than having Intuit or another printing company print them for you . But in the long run , it costs more to print your own checks than have your checks prepared by a 3d party .
 I bought this software for about $ 30 . Here is what you do n't find out until later
 I bought this product because I needed checks for my business . What they do n't tell you is you need to purchase their additional software and their specialize ink -LRB- all separate additional costs -RRB- . It takes more time and hassle and also cost more money than purchasing checks from your bank.I do not recommend this product .
 Due to the Incomplete and Inaccurate description provided by G4 this product is NOT worth buying . Beware of buying from G4 with their incomplete description of what the product actually is ...
 I bought this with two expansion handsets 6 months ago . The `` on '' button stopped working -LRB- ca n't answer or call out -RRB- . Swapped it with another handset and the 1 does n't work on that . Two down , now the last one wo n't answer or pick up either . Three phones , none work . Am shipping to Motorola at my expense for repair .
 Pros
 I am a Motorola employee who purchased this phone via the employee purchase plan . Conveniently after the warranty expired , the phone was defective . The numbers on the phone keypad stopped functioning . Do not purchase this phone or any other Motorola cordless products due to their very poor quality .
 I bought the Motorola MD400 series phone because it has more features than any other cordless , including telling you when the line is in use -LRB- even by another brand phone -RRB- . But , as I 've read elsewhere , the battery life is abismal . Within an hour of talk time , you can run the batteries down , compared to about 5 hours with Panasonic . After the first phone call , the battery level drops a notch!Not a fluke . I exchanged this phone three times ! But the battery life was the same . So I called Motorola who sent me a new battery , agreeing that the life is too short -LRB- obviously , this person never tested their own product -RRB- . Same result . Poor battery life AND there is a constant static noise in the background -- more than the average cordless . Furthermore , the Motorola almost seems to compress the audio so that the end of some words fades out making it difficult to understand the caller . I 'VE READ ALL THREE OF THESE ISSUES ELSEWHERE by other would-have-been customers.Great features , but lousy quality . This last exchange is going back for good .
 I really like the design of this phone and the features it offers . I found it easy to configure and use . You can put 4 AAA batteries in the base station to keep it going through a power failure . However , the audio quality on both the answering machine and the handset is terrible . Messages that are left are barely intelligible . If the person you 're talking to is speaking LOUDLY , then audio quality is acceptable , although there is some static . If the other person is n't loud , though , it requires a lot of concentration to listen to them.No doubt part of my problem is that I also have a wireless LAN , which shares the 2.4 GHz frequency . If my laptop is on and communicating with the wireless LAN , the phone becomes unusable , even though the phone base station and the LAN base station are at opposite ends of the house * and * on different floors!I 've been a long time fan of Motorola products , but this is one that I 'm going to be returning .
 The phone is great except for the battery life . It is very clear , and the hands free option is wonderful . I really like the ability to add additional handsets so you do not need a phone jack in every room . Well , it 's been a month and my additional handset does not even stay charged for 24hrs . This is without talking on the phone . If you talk on the phone , good luck running to your second handset . I guess this is why they added the feature to transfer your call to another handset . Trust me , you will need it . I had never had a cordless phone that has such a short battery life . It 's such a shame because everything else about the phone is great . Too bad I ALWAYS have to place the phone back on the charger after a phone call or risk the phone turning off due to the short battery life .
 1 . Horrible voice quality . Lots of static and poor sound differentiation .2 . Answering machine will randomly stay on , preventing further incoming calls . Motorola 's solution -- unplug power for 10 minutes each time this happens -LRB- 4 times a week on average -RRB- . Thanks guys .3 . Battery life is between 1 and 2 hours ! Terrible .4 . At least it looks cool .
 I bought this phone due to the ability to conference other wireless phones by using the intercom feature . That works great!Now , for the bad points . The numbers on the phone become unresponsive and are very difficult to press . Also , the battery life is terrible . In addition , the answering machine has several quirks that are annoying . You ca n't delete a message until the voice stops introducing the message . In addition , the volume is either way too high or too low with a given setting .
 I live in Austin , Texas , want to support Motorola as much as possible . Have been pleased with Motorola Star Tac - dropped many times , still works fine . The MD481 is the worst phone I have ever had - worse than the '93 Sony that I was trying to replace . If you love to say it a lot , and your favorite word is `` WHAT '' , you will love this phone . Maybe it 's my computer - who cares because I have one desk . Both computer and phone must call it home . Thank goodness for the 30 day warranty . This puppy is going back to the pound ! I love Motorola and will try the 5.8 GHZ MD681 .
 I live in Austin , Texas , want to support Motorola as much as possible . Have been pleased with Motorola Star Tac - dropped many times , still works fine . The MD480 is the worst phone I have ever had - worse than the '93 Sony that I was trying to replace . If you love to say it a lot , and your favorite word is `` WHAT '' , you will love this phone . Thank goodness for the 30 day warranty . This puppy is going back to the pound !
 First of all , thank you so much to all of the reviewers for their honest comment about this product . The phone looks really cool and I almost bought it , until finally i decided what others have to say about this product . After reviewing the comments , I absolutely change my mind not to buy this phone . I would rather go with non fancy looking phone but a working one . Thank you for saving my money , and the hassle that I might have to face with this phone .
 Had this phone for 17 hours and returned it for a refund . Sound quality -LRB- e.g. greeting msg , incoming msg , etc. -RRB- is nonexistent . The absolute worst ever ... period .
 I 've had this phone for 6 months . The reception and features are great . It would be nice if you did n't need to program info on both the phone and base separatlty though . The biggest problems are that the shape of the phone hurts your ear after a few seconds of use and the battery life is horrable . My old corless AT&T from 1992 lasts me a week off the hook . This one lasts 1-2 days . So much for technology ! My 1992 AT&T is still in perfect working order . We 'll see about this one .
 I have been using the base unit together with 3 handsets for two months now , and have to report that I am very dissatified with these phones , especially considering the high cost and Motorola name.The phones themselves are very well built , no complaints on the quality of construction.But the sound quality is TERRIBLE - even worse than the Siemens Gigaset that I had before and also did n't like very much.It must cyle thru the frequencies while you are talking , because every 2 minutes the sound quality will get even worse than normal for about 10 seconds making conversation useless in that time.And even when it does work , it sounds terrible , and is annoyingly LOW in volume - I got tired of having to ask the caller `` What ? '' every other sentance , and this with the volume turned up to max.Also the answering machine recording quality is TERRIBLE - I could not even identify the voice of my freinds leaving me a message , let alone understand what they were saying.The phone does have a lot of interesting features , but those do n't make up for the low quality of basic telephone functionality.Also one other warning
 I purchased this phone because it had ALL the features I wanted , especially the base speaker phone and how you could set different ringing volumes on each of the handsets different based on the time of day . But the problems of this phone definitely outweigh its features . The handset speaker quality is sketchy - there 's always a lot of static . I usually ca n't hear up to half of the answering machine messages due to poor quality , even with the volume turned all up . And its impossible to tell if there are old messages saved -LRB- so if your roommate already listened to them , and there 's a new one for you , you have no way to know -RRB- . When retrieving messages remotely , I usually have to call back 3 times before the pass code is accepted -LRB- I think due to the same answering machine volume issue -RRB- . I 'm generally sorry I purchased this set .
 I have a separate ATT 900 MHz phone and Casio digital answering machine . Since separate digital answering machines are so hard to come by -LRB- mine is a used eBay purchase because Casio stopped making the model -RRB- , I decided to try a combo unit when my phone started acting up . I purchased the MD481 at BestBuy for ... . It looks nice and the box said all the right things . However I never even got to the point of fully charging the battery because of what I think are fatal flaws in its design . First there is no toll saver . You will have to call , wait 4 rings , enter your code just to find out there are no new messages . Sad but true . The worst flaw I found was that the caller ID info does n't display while you are listening to voice messages . Hello ! It is n't rocket science to tie the caller ID info to the message so you can see the name and number when you are listening to the message . For this reason alone I boxed it up and will be returning it . Lastly , and do n't quote me on this , I do n't think you can hear someone leaving a message while they are leaving it -- like when you are screening calls or just do n't make it to the phone in time . So if they are yelling `` Hey pick up the phone ! '' you wo n't be able to hear it until after they hang up and you replay the message . Also it appears you have to set the date/time and ring tones separately for the handset and the base . Why ca n't they talk to each other ? I expect more from a ... phone and I expect more from Motorola .
 If you have DSL on your line -LRB- even with the filters -RRB- I had an annoying buzz on the phone . The handset is not comfortable to hold against your ear for long conversations . Additional handsets do not share the phonebook . Another big dissapointment from Motorola . You ca n't beat Panasonic or Sony the line clarity .
 This contemporary looking phone has great features , just like a cell phone , i.e. choose your favorite numbers from a phone book directory -LRB- just like the Nokia Cell Phones -RRB- ; backlit display and buttons -LRB- cool looking orange -RRB- ; speakerphone on the handset ; distinguished ring for numbers you saved in the phonebook ... BUT
 This phone has great options , however the buttons cease to work after a little while and the battery duration is terrible . Looks can be deceiving and Motorola is ZERO help . I will not be purchasing a Motorola product again .
 I bought the base unit at one of the larger chains and decided to expand with a separate handset from Amazon . The phones felt good in my hand ; the smaller antennas and the Motorola name were a plus . BIG disappointment . First off , the sound quality was terrible . I found myself having to ask the caller to repeat what they were saying since the last parts of their sentences would fade off in a brief scratchy fizzle . It was weird . I thought it might be in the handset . Well , to my surprise , I received my first recorded message and the recording -LRB- base unit speaker -RRB- would `` fizzle '' as well . Then my expansion handset arrived from Amazon . You must register each handset with the base unit . The written directions were telling me to do things I could n't find on the phone ! Plus , the screen was missing text . `` Am I going NUTS ? '' I asked myself . I called the Motorola helpline . A very helpful fellow told me the directions were misprinted . He told me to disconnect everything and remove batteries & replace everything in order to reset the computer in the phones . He said the sound would be better by doing this and I would be able to register my other handset . I followed his advice and still nothing improved . I called Motorola again and a nice lady listened to my woes . She suggested I return both units and start over with new Motorolas . So I followed her directions ALMOST.I returned them and got a refund .
 The handset is no longer usable - the buttons simply do n't connect any more - there does n't seem to be any way to get a replacement handset ! Still , I got two years out of my purchase which is long than some of the other reviewers .
 Great phone at first and then about a year later the buttons slowly started getting harder to press until they just no longer worked . I also had to replace the battery several times . I bought a replacement handset and that one went bad too . These phones are junk . Do not buy it .
 This phone feels solid -LRB- if not too heavy -RRB- and has some nice features . However , the price/performance ratio makes other phones much more attractive.PROs : - good , solid feel-one-year warranty-nice display-good reception-really nice sounding speaker/speakerphoneCONs : - had many people complain that I was not sounding clear-may be too heavy for some-didn ' t fit well to my ear-orange/red backlight is * way * too Star Trek for me !
 I have 3 of these phones . I 've had keypad issues on 2 of the 3 . I was checking online to see if Motorola issued a recall on these . If not they should . I will be contacting them ...
 My issue with this phone is the keypad failure . If I needed to dial 911 I would n't be able since the # 1 no longer works . Initially , we really liked the phone , which has great features , so we recommended it to my brother-in-law . Within six months of purchase , he mentioned how his # 1 was n't working . We told him our phone still worked great , but before long we , too , began experiencing problems with the keypad . My brother-in-law has already replaced his MD451 and we will have to , soon , since now the # 1 and # 3 are n't working .
 I bought this phone October 2003 and now I have to replace it only 14 months later . The Off/Cancel button on the keypad no longer works and I ca n't hang up the phone unless I put it in the cradle . The warranty only lasts a year.I was very happy with the phone until the Off button stopped working . It did not interfere with my wireless network . The built-in speakerphone was a great feature and I will only buy phones that have speakerphones now.Call me crazy , but I 'm replacing it with another Motorola , the 5.8 GHz MD751 . Staying with Motorola means I do n't have to learn a new interface and I do n't have to change my habits . Hopefully they made the keypad more durable .
 I 'm a real electronics fan and thought I had done my homework on this phone . The buttons began to fail within 6 months and several have failed completely now after about 8 months . The phone is now worthless , as the numbers dialed most frequently -LRB- those that use our area code -RRB- do n't work . Call 911 , this phone needs medical attention ... but if you own a motorola phone , you 'll need to use your cell phone to place the call !
 yes the battery life is n't great , but what really blows is the keypad - The off and on buttons have failed after 6 months - I can only answer / or call out by pressing the handsfree button on and off , and can only hang up by replacing the handset in the charger . And now the 2 button is failing ... . poor , poor engineering . I thought mine was an anomaly , until I read other online reviews with similar problems .
 The keypad on this phone stopped working after two years , making it impossible to answer the phone or dial numbers , causing arguments with my spouse for my poor investment choice . In disgust , I have resorted to using a $ 14 corded phone for home use -LRB- it works -RRB- and otherwise use my cell . Motorola will not be getting any more of my business - ever !
 Very poor battery life . . does n't last for even an hour from day one . After couple of months it wo n't ring at certian times . . Pros.Good LooksCons.Every thing else
 We bought this phone a year ago and the buttons on both handsets are failing . I have another seven-year-old phone -LRB- not Motorola -RRB- whose buttons work just fine . Does Motorola not know how to make robust buttons ? Based on the other reviewers who had problems with the buttons on this product I would consider it a lemon .
 I purchased this phone plus an additional handset a few years ago at Best Buy . Worked fine for awhile but then the ON button started getting flaky on one handset and then on the other . Eventually the ON buttons on both handsets stopped working altogether but by that time it was out of warranty . I tore the handsets apart multiple times to clean up the black disc on the back of the keypad membrane with a pencil eraser . This fixed the problem but only temporarily . Very odd , all the buttons on both handsets are fine except the ON buttons . Another issue is the one handset battery has always been bad from the time I purchased the phone , fully charged it only gave me about 20 mins of talking time before going dead . I was never really happy with the volume on this phone either , even turned up to max you could barely hear the person you were talking to sometimes . Overall this product has been a lot of aggravation and a waste of $ 100 . I 'll never purchase another Motorola product ever again .
 I really loved this phone until the keypad started failing after one year of use . It was very disapointing . Based on the other reviews I will definately be contacting Motorola .
 I have had 3 of these handsets for 20 months , and the keypads have failed on all three units.Secondarily , I have never found a comfortable position that makes good contact with my ear .
 I loved this phone until we had the same keypad problems everyone is talking about . Keys 1-3 have quit working . A co-worker who has the same phone has called Motorola and they are replacing his because of this problem .
 The product was great at first . Sure going by the battery gauge the phone has a short talk time but still lasts more then an hour after saying the battery is empty . So loved it then.But after half a year the keypad is hard to get working -LRB- takes many presses for the button to work -RRB- and the phone has these weird bugs . Some times when a call comes it it does n't ring with the phone in the charger so it definatly has power and with it out . Some times in the middle of a phone call the phone acts like the phone was hung up and starts ringing like a new phone call is coming in . Only its the same person I was just talking to and no one hung up from what they could tell .
 When shopping for phones I usually have pretty good luck . This phone appealed to me in the store so I bought it along with an additional handset . It was easy to set up , that 's about where its pluses ended . The reception was horrible . The person I was talking to kept fading in and out , and I was right next to the base . Next , the battery life is probably the worst of any cordless phone I 've seen since they first came out , and I let it charge for 20 hours before its first use , so I know it was fully charged . I took it back already , Best Buy was very quick to take it back and give a full refund . Avoid this phone , as others have stated , its worthless . I would give it less than 1 star if Amazon allowed it .
 I ca n't even begin to explain all of the issues with this phone . Battery life is less than one hour , the base no longer works afer 3 weeks , the keypad no longer works . What more can I say ? Why is it that Motorola would have the gall to put this crap on the market . I feel so taken advantage of and will NEVER buy anything associated with Motorola again !
 We bought this cordless phone 8 weeks ago at Circuit City . The base failed yesterday . Motorola 's only solution is to have you ship it to them -LRB- you pay for shipping - and you deal with having to buy another phone in the meantime , or go w/o -RRB- . Here 's a plug for OfficeMax though - I had initially thought my husband had bought the phone there , and when I called them about it , they said just bring it on in and they would replace it immediately . Circuit City , however , sucks royally . I was on hold for 30 minutes -LRB- on my cell phone , of course -RRB- , waiting for the manager , as the adolescent sales rep who initially spoke with me was mentally challenged by the concept of a replacement phone . Finally after a long wait -LRB- and being hung up on once -RRB- , the manager told me that I could bring the phone in for replacement.Final words ? I 'll never buy a Motorola phone again . I hope I can deter a few of you also .
 We have -LRB- had -RRB- two of these phones -LRB- purchased at different times and stores -RRB- -- and along with the range and battery life issues mentioned in other reviews , now the keypads on both units have failed . Since the phones are only 3 months old , they are still under warranty -- but save yourself the hassle and frustration and buy a different phone .
 I actually went to the effort of creating an Amazon account in order to review this product in the hope that eventually this will get back to a motorola product design person . I used to think of motorola products as well engineered but badly designed - witness the lousy button layout of the predecessor to this phone . However , this phone gets the design right but totally fails in the engineering department ! I have actually exchanged this 3 times , unable to believe that motorola would put together a product with a battery life of at best 1 hour talk time and maybe one day off the base and a consistently faulty keypad . The keypad is smallish change , but I did n't buy a cordless phone in order to keep it sitting on the base all day , and after using three of these phones at a max 20 foot range from the base station I know it 's not just the one phone ! Shame on you , motorola-you could n't possibly have shipped these things without knowing about this problem . Do n't waste your money on this thing !
 I had this phone for about 6 weeks and the base failed . So frustrating for a $ $ $ phone ! We could not make calls and it caused our other phones not to work until we identified the problem . On top of this they made me pay for shipping ... . And THEN the new phone had the same problem about six weeks later . DO NOT buy this phone . Shame on MOtorola for sending out this faulty product . It was obvious the rep knew there was big problems with this phone .
 I have had this phone for 6 weeks and will be returning it today . The additional handset suddenly stopped showing the caller i.d. . The only solution from Motorola is to exchange it . The phones also have a very short battery life . I have had the phone clipped to my belt for 3 hours and have spoken on it for only 10 minutes and it is already down to 1 bar out of a possible 3 . The range and the clarity of the calls are good although I have had to turn the volume up to high in order to hear most callers .
 Machine has a fatal flaw.The first one I bought did not work at all , and I replaced it.The second one was fine for about a month , then began cutting out messages when I accessed them remotely . Yet messages were there when I came home . Great , got to come home to get a message!ATT was very responsive and sent me a new machine . Worked great for three weeks . Hit the dust -- same flaw re remote access -- this week.ATT is sending me the 1722 . Have no idea whether it too is defective . Let 's hope not . Wish we were back in the good old days when Lucent not VTech made ATT machines.Only good thing I can say is that ATT does respond to calls.Do not bother to buy this machine . For $ 20 the hassle and lack of a working machine it is not worth it . Three strikes ...
 I had one of the earlier AT&T digital models , which worked fine for about five years . Then it failed , and I bought the new model . The good thing about the AT&T models is that they use flash memory , so messages wo n't be lost if there is a loss of power . But the new model seems to be flawed . At the end of a message , after a caller hangs up , the machine records dead air for about thirty seconds before it resets . I returned the machine and got a second one , which did the same thing . The second one is also going back to the store .
 I owned this unit for a few weeks before I realized it was not recording all incoming messages . I followed the troubleshooting guide and found the problem - messages will not be saved if the caller speaks too softly . I left myself a few ` test ' messages and basically you have to shout in order to guarantee the message is saved . Rather than asking callers to shout at the machine I 'm going to buy a different one .
 First . . it does n't have a battery backupSecond , if you pick up while it 's answering , it does n't disconnect and you ca n't turn it off until the greeting is complete . That 's enough for me . It 's 3 weeks old and headed for the trash after I get a new one .
 While it will retain messages , it wo n't reset it self after a power failure . So if the power goes out even for a minute , it wo n't record , untill you reset it .
 Can not even understand my own outgoing message - sounds like talking through a blanket . Tried rerecording 25 times to no avail .
 I bought this answering machine because it looks good but I am very disappointed with the clarity of the recorded messages it is the first digital answering machine and it might be the same with all others but I used to have till now the one that records on tape and it is not to compare
 I bought this for my Dad in Rhode Island . It was delivered quickly and the set up was easy . However , it does not answer calls originated from outside Rhode Island . It picks up and then disconnects . I confirmed this by trying to call from Virginia -LRB- where I live -RRB- , and on trips to Maine and Massachusetts with both land-line and cell phones . The user guide did not address this issue so I went on the AT&T Customer Support web-site and asked if this was a malfunction with the machine , or a known problem
 As usual I jumped into buying something without reading the fine print or these reviews!I thought I was getting a label maker that was easy , that could `` read '' the cd and list the songs automatically , after I pick the style . It does n't . I have to manually type the tracks and information . Also , it is not adapatable to any other paper than their own memorex.No thanks .
 The labels are sticky on one side , and printable on the other , but that 's about all this product has going for it . The software is a nightmare . The print previews only vaguely represent the finished product , and the program frequently and randomly alters your image . I wound up using the labels , but creating the documents in MS publisher . what a shame .
 This software was a total waste of money . It would randomly move the images I had imported , fail to save when told to do so , and bring my computer to a snail 's pace . I have over a gigabyte of memory and this program would not work at all . Do n't waste your money on this .
 First of all , despite the claim that it works with MacIntosh , it definately does not . There is a template that you can use in Mac with Word , Claris , and other photoshop software , but there are no instructions as to how . Once you think you have it figured out -LRB- on the page -RRB- it does n't print the same as pictured . The technial support people have no idea how to make it work with Mac , and will probably tell you it is a problem with your printer drivers . In any case , they have no idea how to direct you through the process of using the Word template for MacIntosh . Do n't waste your money . -LRB- I gave it one star only because no stars is not an option . -RRB-
 The main reason I bought this kit was for the label applicator , the software was secondary . Good thing that I did n't care about how good the software would be , because the software for this is , in a word , deplorable.It does n't have support for ANY other label sheets other than the memorex brand , which leaves you stuck with their labels . Its got some nice features in the software , but their poorly implemented . For instance , it can automatically resize an image to fit a CD/DVD , but if you 've rotated it before that , the rotation is lost . It has a lot of minor quirks like that , and they add up to an annoyance to use this.If you get this product , find a better labelling program to go with the label sheets and the applicator .
 I have the older , larger version of this product . However , it uses the same software . The labels are great and the spring device that is used to apply the labels is great , but the software is awful . There is no direct Macintosh program ; rather there are templates . They were written for old versions of software and really do n't work right . The Windows side includes an actual Print Shop-style program which works awfully . If you do get this , make your own template on AppleWorks or PowerPoint .
 The software is hard to use . For example , when browsing styles initially , you only see a small thumbnail , which makes it very hard to pick a style from . I also had problems getting a centered label . I used quite a few sheets of the labels trying to `` calibrate '' the printing , only to realize it prints it in a different location every time . This may be just an issue with my printer -LRB- HP Deskjet 5440 -RRB- , but it is off by up to 1/2 the label most prints . Also , the small tags in the center make the labels look unprofessional .
 They totally misrepresent this product . It does not work with Macs . I feel cheated and lied to by Memorex , shame on you .
 This thing is horrible . The software `` installed '' , but does n't run . It locks up my computer ... ca n't do anything until I go to the task manager and close out the `` not responding '' program . Tech support is USELESS !! My system meets all of the requirements , but they have no clue what 's wrong . They just say `` your computer does n't work for some reason '' . I KNEW THAT ALREADY !!! Duh ! STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT . I promise to NEVER buy another Memorex product for as long as I live . Their product sucks and their customer service/tech support sucks . In this economy , how many customers can you afford to alienate ?
 The software for this product is not user friendly . I spent some time `` calibrating '' my printer and the result was perfect ... on regular printer paper . However , when you printed on their label paper , the result was way off from the template . I , finally , gave up trying to coordinate my printer with their paper and threw the whole thing out .
 This item is clearly the biggest waste of money I 've ever committed , and that 's saying a lot ... The images are not big enough to really see what you 're buying . The keyboard is difficult to use , for me at least . Nowhere did it say whether the Hebrew text would be vowelled , and it is not -- I suppose it 's my fault for not figuring out that if it were , they 'd say so .
 1 -RRB- The sound from this machine is not very audible -LRB- ie . it is pretty soft , even with the volume on high -RRB- .2 -RRB- The pronunciation of Portuguese is a joke . For example one of the most commonly used verbs in Portuguese `` fazer '' , is butchered by the verbal announcer . `` Fazer '' is just one of many mispronounced words . The machine 's bad pronunciation has nothing to do with it being programmed in Continental Portuguese , Brazilian Portuguese or regional accents , it is just plain wrong in many cases . Etaco , you need to do a complete makeover on this one ... 3 -RRB- I do n't want to drop this machine , it appears fragile .4 -RRB- A lot of money for a little bit of product .
 I bought ER586HT English/Russian from Ectaco and it was inoperable out of the box . Some buttons did not work at all . The store only had 7 days return policy so I had to bring it to the Ectaco store in Queens , NY . I was told they would call me within 2 weeks . It took me 5 weeks and multiple calls to get a replacement which ... had the same problem . Now it has been 3 weeks again , no word from Ectaco.Summary
 I purchased an Italian-English dictionary from this company . The dictionary ... was actually mediocre in functionality , but more importantly for the purposes of this review , it was faulty . After having bought and tried new batteries on three separate occasions and spending hours trying to get it to work , I wrote to the company . I explained my situation , and asked them for a solution . The experience thereafter was terrible - I was shuffled from one person to the next , to the next , and was finally and ultimately referred to the person I initally contacted ! She ignored my communications , and simply referred me to a person I had communicated with before . In the end , the faulty dictionary sits on my desk at home . Beware ! This company deserves to go out of business . Do NOT purchase their products , keep your money , and avoid a bad experience .
 These do not seem to be of the same quality of the Sharpies that I have bought individually or in packs of 3 . Some of the colors mark OK but a lot of the lighter colors do not mark well at all , almost like they are empty . I usually use these to mark CDs and DVDs but I think I am only going to be able to use half of these or less for the purpose I bought them for .
 Purchased in March 2005 , Bought a new computer Dec 2005 , Install Disk had gotten damaged , -LRB- My Fault -RRB- Tried for 3 hoursto download from Brother Website , not happening , Network times out . Gave up , Did a search for the Intelli Fax 1840C on the Brother website , No longer listed , No longer supported , under no circumstance Buy Anything from Brother ,
 I have a Brother 1840C fax machine . I did n't need the color capability when I bought it , never used it and I still do n't . But every day the machine `` cleans '' itself , using a little of the color inks . And when any cartridge is empty , the entire machine stops working . You have to buy new color cartidges even if you never use them , because the machine makes sure they 're used up over a few months . I bought this machine because I thought the consumables would be appropriate . Now I 'm off to the supply store to buy Cyan and Magenta just so I can print out a black and white fax . Grr !!!!
 I bought this machine for a client , and from the 2nd day , it would n't stop jamming . Virtually every 2nd page , it jammed . I bought different multi-purpose paper for it to no avail . I traded it in for a Sharp for the same price and have no problems now . Avoid THIS particular fax machine like the plague .
 a defective machine that failed to fun ction al all-the company gave me directions to pursue that we 're impossible to follow - the only bright part ofthis deal is that Amazon took back the machine without conflict ot hesitation - full postage paid and full refund.Additionaally the machine itself was `` tinny '' , insubstattial and cheap appearing.I bought a Canon for about thr dsme price at Best Buy-worked beautifully fron the get go-and appears a well designed and substantial machine - has some substance to it , Thanks Amazon for trying but I would advise you to drop the line , D Macdonald
 The Machine works well.But if you have money to burn for ink , this is your machine . It will not fuction unless all of the ink cartriges are full . Example ; say you are printing a black & white document only , if your yellow or blue is out , you will not be able print anything.This ink is not cheap at all . The three colors will run you about $ 40 . The black ink will run you $ 25 . Do you really want to pay $ 65 every three months on ink when you can buy a brand new HP 640 for $ 59 ? Until Brother can improve the ink system , LEAVE THIS ITEM ON THE SHELF !
 I just again gave it a yellow cartridge although I 've only printed black , because it wants one , and it wants another one . The one I removed I only put in last week , and it sure looks full of ink to me . This is ridiculous and I have spent a lot of money - more than the fax machine is worth - on COLOR ink when I am only receiving black and white faxes . It just wo n't print when it THINKS it needs more color ink ! I am ready to throw it out - right now I ca n't get it to print without going out and buying more yellow cartridges to `` try '' them out , because it refuses to recognize this one as having ink.And by the way , I could n't find any help on the Brother site . It seems that this machine is no longer in their pull-down list . I did , however , find many unhappy reviews on the web with others having the same problems .
 I bought this translator a week ago . It work for one week . One day I tried to turn it on and I could n't . I changed batteries and I also but a scotch tape on the batteries to prevent them from touching the metal cover . Again I saw no results . The only thing I hear a long beep but I can not see anything . Contrast does not help either . It is a pity because this translator is very good . I do not want to return it but it seems that I have no choice . I hope someone can give me a tip how to solve this problem soon .
 The product did n't work it all ... which I discovered after about 30 minutes of trying to get the batteries in place . I 'm sending it back .
 In general the definitions are better from Italian to English . The unit had the potential for being terrific . I have used a Casio Boss for years , with very few battery replacements . The Ectaco goes dead before you can use it . The games could really help with vocabulary , but the words used are usless . Had very little success in dealing with the company - most of them seem to be native Russian speakers and communicating was difficult . In the end I have a dead , worthless piece of electronics .
 I have the battery probelm , too . I am going to try scotch tape now . Actually this is my second one , as the first one did n't work at all from the begining . I think ... should stop selling the products from Ectaco . Another thing is that the reaction of key bourd is very slow . Overall , I feel like the technology of this company is about 40 yrs behind . It 's pity that franklin or seiko do n't have italian dictionary with decent amount of vocaburary.As for the content , I wish it had the idiom search for Italian . This seems to be made for the italians learning english basically .
 The first one did n't work from the start and I returned it to Amazon.Com . The second one drained the batteries in a matter of days . I returned that one ... The replacement had the same problems . The fourth one worked a little better . I kept replacing the batteries every month or two . I just replaced all three batteries and it does n't work at all . It is not worth all the hassle . The product has some serious design flaws . It should be taken off the market until the problems are corrected .
 I bought this product in advance of a trip to Italy . The first thing I noticed was that the contrast on the screen was very poor -LRB- even with the contrast control all the way up -RRB- . I decided to keep the product for my trip during which the screen stopped working all together . New batteries did not help . I mailed the translator back to the company as instructed , and that was the last I heard from them . That was about six months ago . This company and its product are not to be trusted .
 I purchased this Italian-English dictionary from this company . The dictionary was actually mediocre in functionality , but more importantly for the purposes of this review , it was faulty . After having bought and tried new batteries on three separate occasions and spending hours trying to get it to work , I wrote to the company . I explained my situation , and asked them for a solution . The experience thereafter was terrible - I was shuffled from one person to the next , to the next , and was finally and ultimately referred to the person I initally contacted ! She ignored my communications , and simply referred me to a person I had communicated with before . In the end , the faulty dictionary sits on my desk at home . Beware ! This company deserves to go out of business . Do NOT purchase their products , avoid having your money stolen , and avoid a bad experience .
 This fax has the following draw backs :1 -RRB- Poor Overseas mode . I 've tried 10 different fax numbers in the following countries
 We wanted an all-in-one machine that does fax and has answering system , and this was one of the few in the market . Should n't have bothered . Reasons
 Compared to others , this looked like a really good fax machine , features , price , etc. . It had decent reviews.However , I have now had 2 units sent to me with the same problem-the phone on-hook/off-hook mechanism is defective.Perhaps this machine doesnt survive shipping well ... On the plus side , Amazon has been helpful , I am now returningthis 2nd unit .
 I found that the retractable Sharpie markers dry out very quickly . It 's nice to be able to open and close the pen with just a click , but air still gets to the pen tip , rendering it useless .
 The designers of this phone obviously were n't thinking of how a 2-line phone system actually gets used.Cons : * Corded base unit always picks up line 1 , no matter if someone else is already using it . Even if line 2 is ringing , it STILL picks up line 1 . Useless . * Cordless handsets do not pick up the ringing line when lifted off the charger base . I have yet to own a cordless phone -LRB- single line or multi-line -RRB- that ca n't handle this small task . At least the cordless units hang up the line when putting them back in the charger base . * Call volume is neither `` sticky '' nor stable on the cordless handsets . The volume you set will eventually revert to the previous volume setting , or else change to a different setting altogether . * No customer service . Calling the customer support phone number included in BIG NUMBERS on a separate yellow sheet so you are sure to see it gets you ... nowhere . The automated support system does n't even recognize the model number number of the phone , and you ca n't talk to a live person.Pros : * Never got that far . After discovering the call volume problem , I packed these useless things up and took them back .
 This phone is , simply put , a disaster . One of the worst designed , most poorly thought out products I have ever had the displeasure to own . I actually look forward to it breaking so I can just throw it away.I was told -- and like a sap , I believed it -- that I needed a 5.8 ghz phone so it would n't interfere with the wireless router for the computer . There were few options in the 5.8 field ... so I bought this.God , how I hate it . Here 's why.Nothing is intuitive . Let 's say someone calls you and and you want to call them right back -- which I need to do several times a day . When you just hit the button to see the list of recent calls -LRB- called CID , for whatever reason -RRB- , it dials the 10-digit last number WITHOUT THE ' 1 ' FIRST.SO ... THE CALL CAN NOT GO THROUGH . EVER.THANKS AT&T ; ! You can find a `` dialing option '' by scrolling through the commands , and then when you find it , you can find the option you want ... and it 's the very last one
 Do n't buy this phone . It 's the worst piece of garbage that I have bought on line . It has the worst sound , cord and cordless , that I have ever heard on a phone . The cordless has no range , it is constantly losing a signal . It seems to sound ok on the other end of a call .
 I bought this phone on the fact that it was a new phone . When I opened the package it was obvious this phone had been previously used . The components were all desheveled . And the mailbox buttons had obvious wear on them from a prior owner . It seems that some point in time this phone was purchased and returned , and the box put back on the shelf without any inspection , and then re-sold to me as a new phone . This was my first bad experience with a purchase from Amazon . Although the phone is operable , I am not happy that I purchased a phone that was not new .
 Two years ago , I bought this phone system with 4 additional handsets . I have some minor complaints on features , but overall the system suits the needs of my home-based business . For a while , I was very satisfied , but then just a little more than a year after I made the purchase , the handsets started to lose contact with the base , often in mid-call . I bought third-party batteries once to save $ $ , but they did n't resolve the problem so I sprung for the AT&T ; batteries . Same problem . This system was way too expensive to have to replace so soon . It 's a shame - once upon a time , the AT&T ; brand guaranteed an excellent product , but next time I 'll look for another brand.ADDENDUM , OCTOBER 2011
 Sound quality is good & the portable unit works great but the base unit is so user unfriendly it is not worth owning . I 'm going to end up putting the base in the basement , so I can still use the cordless unit , and putting my old two-line at & t back in my office .
 Have to return this phone even though I love the features and look . The quality of the outgoing message on the answering system is horrible . I need a more professional sounding greeting . Speakerphone sound is also weak . All this may be ok for regular home use but not for a home office or business use where sound quality matters .
 The remote handset died after 3 years . The speakerphone and microphone function is very good and the unit is simple to operate.This phone was great for conference calls.I was unable to find any replacement handsets.The angle of the screen is not adjustable and that can be annoying at times .
 I 've used this as my home office phone for the last three years . I have very basic requirements . I do n't need a lot of features , I just need the phone to be reliable and have good range on the cordless handset . This has neither . According to my co-workers , my voice cuts in and out every so often and sometimes drops altogether . Very embarrassing , especially when it happened on my very first call with my new boss . I initially thought it was my phone provider , but I do n't have any problems when I use the cheapo Panasonic cordless we have as our home phone . The second problem is the range of the cordless handset . I ca n't get it to work at a range of more than 20 feet or so , whereas the cheapo home phone works fine 150 ' feet away in the neighbor 's yard.Just got off another conference call in which my presentation was messed up due to my voice cutting out , so I had to switch to the home phone and redo the first five minutes . Not happy . : - -LRB-
 We had this phone for less than 2 years , and finally replaced it . We had the same issue as another reviewer - the handsets were constantly losing contact with the base in the middle of a call . This began happening with one handset less than a year after purchase -LRB- we had 3 cordless handsets -RRB- . Then it began happening with the other two over the last few months . We also had several people tell us they could n't hear us at all over the phone . The answering system was awful - messages were often very garbled . Admittedly , some features were easier to use than the newer Panasonic phone system we just purchased -LRB- which seems pretty complicated just to get to caller ID or redial -RRB- . The AT&T was definitely more intuitive . However , another reviewer who did not like the ATT&T phone commented on the inability to use the caller ID feature to dial a long distance call without going through a menu of 9 buttons . This is true - the problem is that it does not dial the `` 1 '' . This is very irritating , as I always have to write the number down so I can dial it -LRB- it disappears from the screen when you start to dial -RRB- . For the high price , we expected much more life out of this phone system . We have sworn off AT&T for this reason .
 I was very disappointed when I received this product and feel that I have been taken advantage of by this seller . This item is not as pictured ; arrived open in the box and is made of extremely flimsy material . The `` calendar '' was 2 sheets of notepaper inside a plastic screen holder .
 This machine has made me start a personal boycott against Brother . In 5 months , it has been replaced twice -LRB- aka 3 broken machines -RRB- with each machine getting phone tech support . It has cost the small office I work for about $ 400 in man-hours , I should have just bought a new fax for that price.The problem ?
 I purchased this machine in February 2006 as a replacement unit . From the beginning , I never got the colors to print correctly . -LRB- I did try following the instructions of the manual , and of the customer service reps , changing ink cartridges , some that I bought , others that were sent by Brother 's customer service reps , plugging and unplugging , changing the paper , etc. . Too many hours , no satisfactory results -RRB- . To solve the problem , I bought an Epson color printer/copier . I thought that at least I could use the other features i.e. phone and answering machine.The answering machine cuts off the messages and I have never been able to retrieve the messages remote.The little that gets stored is impossible to understand because at playback the sound is so poor that many words are lost -LRB- it 's the same effect as if you 'd be using a cell phone and there is a bad signal , although it 's not a bad signal , is a bad recording/playback component -RRB- . The speaker phone is also bad , I tried to use it to speak with the customer service rep and it was impossible to make sense of what he was saying because words got lost ... The replacement unit they sent got the colors correct , but the answering machine does not work and the speaker phone also drops the words although not as bad as the first machine.Stay away from this product.Since their customer service reps do not help , you have to make a decision quickly
 Do n't buy this machine . The ink jet printer is not a good quality . I do n't know why Amazon still sell this . I 'm just looking for another printer , just for one year .
 So frustrating that this unit will not fax out without all of the color cartridges in perfect working order . I never use the color ink , yet have to replace them in order to send a fax . I swore the last time I bought a brother that I would not do it again . Unfortunately , it was my only choice at a local store . Only thing nice is that the cartridges are still readily available .
 This machine is a total piece of crap ! I will never buy another Brother product . I just tried to fax one sheet of paper to a vendor and I 've already spent an hour on it . First I tried to fax and the machine came back with a communications error and I could n't proceed with anything . So I unplugged it to reset it . Then when it comes on it spends 10 minutes cleaning itself which it does by wasting a ton of ink . Then because it wasted so much ink , now my black ink is out ... AND IT WO N'T FAX !!???!! NOW I REPLACE THE BLACK INK AND I 'M GETTING MESSAGES ABOUT OTHER INK CARTRIDGES !!!! SO I REPLACE ANOTHER ONE !!!! THEN I FINALLY GET THE INK MESSAGES OFF AND WHEN I TRY TO FAX IT SUCKS THE PAPER HALFWAY IN AND THEN GARBLES IT UP AND IT JAMS !!!!!!! SO I TRY TO FAX AGAIN ... THIS TIME I THINK IT FAXED , BUT HAVE TO WAIT ANOTHER 5 MINUTES FOR IT TO CLEAN ITSELF AGAIN AND USE MORE INK BEFORE I CAN FIND THE STATUS . WHEN THE STATUS FINALLY COMES OUT IT TELLS ME I HAVE A POOR LINE CONDITION , BUT ITS THE SAME LINE I USE FOR MY PHONE AND THAT 'S FINE . SO NOW I SWITCH CORDS AND TRY TO FAX AGAIN , BUT THE PAPER INPUT IS DESIGNED POORLY AND THE PAPER DOES N'T GET PICKED UP BUT EVIDENTLY THIS MACHINE DOES N'T CARE SO IT EVIDENTLY FAXES NOTHING ... SO I TRY AGAIN ... THIS TIME IT SEEMS TO HAVE FAXED , BUT I GET NO STATUS ... SO I TRY AGAIN ... NOW IT 'S NOT GIVING ME A STATUS AGAIN ... WHEN DID THIS SETTING SPONTANEOUSLY CHANGE ?? NOW I HAVE TO PRINT OUT A FAX JOURNAL ... OMG IT ACTUALLY WENT THROUGH ... AN HOUR AND $ 30 IN INK LATER . I WANT TO THROW THIS THING THROUGH BROTHER 'S WINDOW . IT WASTES WAY TOO MUCH INK CLEANING , DOES N'T PICK UP PAPER PROPERLY AND JUST GENERALLY SUCKS .
 After four months of use , it suddenly went crazy.When I installed a new ink cartridge after it ran out of ink , it keeps stating `` NO CARTRIDGE '' and stopped functioning.I had my friends checked it , and still not working -- keeps flashing the stupid `` NO CARTRIDGE '' . What a waste of money.I will never buy anything from BROTHER.And by the way , the message center of the machine is also crappy .
 I 'm a superman fan and I bought this keychain thinking it was a reasonably sized chique silver-ish Superman 3D keychain ... Turns out it is really huge , making it harder to fit the keys into my pants ... Also , it 's not anywhere as shiny as it is in the photo . Finally , the silver shade is a lot darker and dimmer than the one the image suggests .
 Bought this thinking it was for packing . It stretches too much to be used for that purpose . It is almost impossible to cut because it keeps stretching while you are trying to cut it . Definitely does not cut on a regular tape dispenser and the dispenser that comes with the tape leaves a ragged edge after the tape has finished stretching . Even scissors have trouble getting a clean cut . Unless you know of some special purpose that you need this for - do n't waste your money .
 I had a different brand of this item that was very good but of course , they stopped making them . I found these online . They are sturdy , but do not stay closed . The loop comes loose & everything falls out . Not happy with this product . I would not buy these again .
 After breaking my other clipboard , a generic plastic one , I decided to look for clipboards that had a bit more strength and would n't shatter if dropped on the floor . This one is made from acrylic , which is a type of plastic that 's more shatter resistant than other types . It does n't look like there are many clipboards made with this material , which is a pity . Now , I do n't know how it really compares with regular plastic , since I have n't tried dropping it yet . It feels the same as a regular plastic clipboard , so I 'm wondering if there will be any real difference . I 'll send an update if I ever do end up dropping this one on the floor or something.Mine came with no scratches on it . It looks really nice . You can see through it . It has attractive black plastic grippers on the binder . And the rulers down the left and right sides are nice to have , but I doubt I 'll use that feature.The worst thing about this clipboard is the fact that it has a raised circle about the size of a dime or a penny right at the top on the writing surface itself , just below the middle of the binder . So it extends a little less than a half an inch into the top margin of whatever you 're writing on . It also has a dot that 's right in the middle of the circle that rises about 2 millimeters above the surface of the clipboard ! So if you put a piece of paper in it and begin writing at the very top of the paper , you will find that your writing is disturbed by this rough indentation , and you could even puncture the paper at this point . Mind you , most people do n't write at the very top of whatever they 're writing on , so maybe it 's not a big deal most of the time.This circle is due to the way they manufactured it
 Does n't work well with Quick Books checks as the `` pay to order '' information shows through the window . Do not recommend for Quick Books use .
 I have had these for about 3 months and the back pocket broke today for no good reason . I had labels in there , but nothing too heavy in my opinion . These could be sturdier .
 I would have given this keyboard a higher review if it was not defective . My work bought this one at OfficeMax . The mouse pads ' lowest point was at least 3/4 '' above the keyboard tray . I should have realized something was wrong , but after a couple of days it really started to hurt my mouse arm . Be careful ! If you got a defective tray , return it . I called them and they said it could not be fixed and to return it . It appears the hardware to attach the mouse pads is wrong . The online description on the Kensington site says the mouse pads can adjust above and BELOW the keyboard tray . If yours does n't , send it back before you hurt yourself.Otherwise , the adjustability of the tray itself was not that bad . I 've had better and I 've had much worse . There is not much knee clearance below the tray and I kept hitting my knees .
 This Platform is terrible . It is absolute overkill as far as technology ... much too large and heavy . The installation instructions are pathetic . The color code operation is unintelligible . The worst part is that the clamp operation is downright dangerous . Release the clamp and it snaps down with industrial strength so hard it could break your fingers or maybe worse . I 'd call this the Jaws of Death design ... with no instructions about how to operate it safely . I did n't buy it from Amazon . I bought it elsewhere from an outfit that has a pathetic return policy -LRB- big mistake -RRB- . I 'd rather throw it away that deal with it .
 The one I got is different from what we see on Kensington website ! Even the model number is the same , but what the clip video shown on Kensington website is different ! Please make sure if this is the right one you want !
 Because of the reviews i decided against this product . Because of the reviews i decided against this product . Because of the reviews i decided against this product . Because of the reviews i decided against this product .
 I ordered what I thought to be a keyboard holder , but all I received was the mounting bracket for a tray which is not included . When contacting Amazon , I was told I was correct but I was sent another bracket without the tray for the keyboard . I returned both items for credit .
 This `` mousepad '' was nothing more than a thin piece of plastic . It does n't cling to the desk , but slips around all over the place as you are trying to use the mouse . Although we wanted a small mousepad , it needs to be another inch in each direction to fit the mouse properly so you do n't keep falling off the pad .
 My wife and I both use laptops on wood-surfaced lap desks . We both currently use traditional mouse pads which function fine , but take up too much space . I ordered two of these for us , and although the size is perfect , they do n't stick to the wood surface , and instead slide around as we try to move the mouse.They might work on another surface , but for us they were useless .
 I purchased the item for my 13 year old nephew . I was disappointed in the quality of the mouse pad . The online picture looked very colorful and unusual , but it was not even close to what I expected .
 It is a small piece of thin plastic ... totally useless to me . The colors were cool so if you need something REALLY thin and cool looking -- then you might like this .
 The canon matte photo paper produces much better looking photos , and usually costs less . The only positive I can say about this brand is that it is much easier to tell which side to print on than Canon .
 You 'd think Kodak paper would work in a new Kodak copier ! The Kodak copier itself is FANTASTIC with the better quality papers . But this plain photo paper always gets stuck in the printer . When you feel the page , it 's all sticky . I called Kodak 's customer service . He said , `` Feel the page . Is it sticky ? Then that 's the problem . '' Yeah , right . I already knew that . He hinted that it was a bad batch . Maybe yes , maybe no . But it seems from Reviews that I 'm not the first person to have this problem .
 It 's not thick enough like regular photo prints you would get from a store . I would recommend spending some more money and getting good paper if you really want quality photographs .
 I was expecting a paper that had a really * really * light satin finish , some sort of surfacing , anyway . All I got was a pack of overpriced cardstock . The only thing going for this paper is that the blacks really print out * black * and that it dries fast . I was expecting more , though , from a pack that calls itself photo paper .
 ... like hp brochure paper they have gone to `` quick drying '' for their `` lower-end '' more affordable paper . Whatever it is that they do to the paper to make it dry quickly must cause the severe color shift & lack of image clarity that I am experiencing . I now have 200 sheets of useless paper for my epson M300 , epson artisan 700 , and canon ip3600 . It CLEARLY states on the package that the paper is compatible with epson , canon , HP , lexmark -- perhaps they think that the consumer can not tell the difference between good true color and garbage ! I have tried every trick-in-the-book with photoshop to try to make acceptable prints but it 's just not happening.Just a few years ago I was purchasing good gloss kodak paper at a very affordable price with wonderful results -- and it was the `` low-end '' stuff too ! Why this change ?
 I own a cannon photo printer and this paper suck 's with this printer , I may work well wit kodak printer but not with cannon .
 This product is good at all , it is very thick . I do n't recommend to buy this item.The print quality is also not good .
 This product was not worth purchasing . The pictures to not come out very clear because it is a low gloss grade paper , if you want good pictures spend a little more , it 's well worth it in one run . Otherwise this is pretty much just good for school presentations where photo quality is not that big of a concern .
 I purchased this paper in the 25 pack as an experiment for my HP D110 printer . The results for portraits is too much red hue . Regardless of how much I remove the red in photoshop I still get a red hue on skin tone.I can not give this 1 star because I do not know if the D110 combined with this paper is a good or bad combination . Currently however , this paper did not work well with this printer.Printing on plain non-photo paper the results were better.Your mileage may vary depending on your printer .
 The paper bleeds the ink , and you end up with mud . The other person who in their review said it is worse than plain paper is 100 % correct . Ignore anybody who says they got decent results , because the would n't know decent results ... I just got off the phone with a Kodak Customer Care Supervisor . He kept blathering on about a `` compatibility issue '' . I kept explaining that the packaaging states `` compatible with ALL inkjet printers '' . I told him this is not a `` compatibility issue '' but rather a CREDIBILITY issue . They are knowingly marketing garbage , saying it can do something that it ca n't . ... like Snake Oil . I asked if he would send me a package of `` Kodak Picture Paper '' to make up for my wasted money . He said no . I said `` so you 're telling me tough luck '' He said , `` Uh-huh `` I do n't like to deal with corporate attitudes like that , so now I wo n't buy the `` Kodak Picture Paper '' either .
 Both of Kodak 's `` 3-star '' glossy and matte finish photo paper is just not up to par with any canon paper . The final product leaves way more reddish tint on faces that has to be corrected . The thin paper just does n't say `` quality '' .
 I had been using Kodak film and paper for over 40 years , and now am truly saddened by what has happened to what was an American institution . I saw the end of film , evidently before Kodak did . But I still believed that their paper would be top quality as it has been for the 60 years -LRB- yes , 60 -RRB- that I used Kodak paper . I do n't know why , but in comparing Kodak to HP Premium Plus Photo Paper , HP gets 4.5 stars and Kodak 2 . With Kodak , I 've had some bleeding problems and , few though they may be , an 8x10 uses a lot of ink - expensive ink - and to toss a photo because of bleeding or fading or crinkling is just too expensive and disappointing for me.It 's not all about money , but it it 's certainly the major factor . Still , when used on an Epson or HP printer , Kodak paper just does n't live up to the claims of the company . While I have had to let others dry for a day -LRB- to be safe -RRB- so they wo n't stick to frames or other photos , Kodak seems to need even more time.I 've had some fading which just should not be . But perhaps the worst problem is slippage and ultimate crinkling or printing off-center . I have not used this on a Kodak printer . The only Kodak printer I purchased did not work , and I returned it and bought a Canon . Now that that has broken after 3 years , I 'll be looking at Canon and Epson , but not Kodak and not HP . Much as I like HP 's paper , their ink is even more expensive than others.My new life goal at this point is to have a printer break just as I 've used up all the ink that I have for it . Since I 'll have HP paper , THAT is the only thing I do n't have to worry about .
 If you are looking for a nice glossy , thick sheet of inkjet paper this is not the one . It is about half the thickness of the other quality inkjet photo papers . This is more like a glossy presentation paper then what a glossy photo paper is supposed to be . Nice bright white with the kodak logo all over the back . The glossiness is more akin to a satin paper rather then other glossy papers . So if you want a satin gloss presentation paper this is good stuff but for glossy photo paper it is well below average , go get some Kirkland glossy photo paper , get quality prints on quality paper for a reasonable price .
 I have an HP all-in-one . This paper was AWFUL ! I tried printing a picture on plain paper , with this , and with HP 's ` good ' quality paper . Guess which came in LAST ... plain paper was better than this stuff . The difference btwn this and HP 's paper was very obvious .
 I wish I was able to read these reviews before I purchased this . I got this from our Navy Exchange store , I dont have any other option coz it was the only 8.5 x11 size left on the shelf . I was surprised how thin it is , Ive used it with my HP all in one printer , I was sad of the outcome , it doesnt look glossy at all but just plain matte . When I started glossing/glazing the pictures for my crafts , I could see it starting to disintegrate , the material was really flimsy . So I decided I would just use it for my other project since I dont want it to go to waste , but when I printed the whole page , black backgound and white fonts , I was horrified with the results !!!! The words came out blurred and most of it you cant barely read it at all ! So I tried printing it again using my hp 4x6 photo paper and the results were brilliant . I thought for a while there that it was my printer that is messed up . I really dont recommend this product at all ! A real waste of money .
 I ordered Kodak photo paper , as you described on your web site ... it was supposed to be glossy finish , and it is not . It is a matte finish , and I really do n't like it , but what could I do ? Spent good money , now I have to hunt elsewhere for the correct product .
 Plain and simple , this Kodak Photo Paper is junk ! Everything I printed on it came out with a pink/reddish tint . Many of you will say `` It 's probably your settings yadda yadda yadda '' . That would be a good thought if I had n't done the simplest type of troubleshooting possible.I printed a photo on the Kodak paper and then I printed the exact same photo on Canon paper without changing any settings . I then did it again starting with the Canon paper and doing the Kodak paper afterwards . Final result ? Both kodak prints matched each other , tinted pink . Both Canon prints matched each other also , but the color was true to life.I will be returning it for a refund . Sadly though , I ca n't be refunded for the amount of ink that was wasted . I would have rated this paper at 0 or even negative stars if possible . Seriously , this is Kodak ! They 've been around since 1888 ! They 've also screwed up big time with this . Enough so , that I wo n't even try other grades of it . Sticking with Canon paper , at least until they decide to make garbage too , which is inevitable .
 I bought this item thinking it would be a medium quality photo paper . I do n't know why Kodak even makes it ; the print quality is poor , and the paper is way too thin . I will never make this mistake again !
 The quality is decent on the paper , but it is very thin . It is not bad , if you are careful in handling it .
 On the packing it says `` This KODAK Paper can be used in any conusumer inkjet printer '' . True ! It does n't say it will produce good results . The output is dark and bluish on my HP printer . It looks dirty and dull ! Maybe there is some printer out there it suits ! Not recommended !
 what a waste of money ! i just bought this for the 8x10 photos i wanted to print but the paper is so aweful . It is so dull . Canon photo plus glossy II is just like a photo from a store would be printed on , but this is so dull and darkens the photo too . I wish i didnt waste my money on this product . No way would i ever give it more than 1 star !
 I just learned my lesson by trying to save a couple dollars and buying this paper instead of my usual ... it is very cheap and the colors are really muted and poor quality when printing on it . The paper is so thin that when you print on it , the pictures fold . I 'm using it in an Epson Artisan printer that normally prints very pretty , colorful pictures .
 That will teach me to try to save a few dollars ! This paper is really bad . The pictures look like they 'd been printed on regular printer paper . And I 'm using a Kodak printer as well ! Do n't waste your money on this . I 'm hoping to get a refund from Amazon .
 I bought this for my HP Photosmart C5280 All-In-Printer . Big mistake . Despite the claim on the cover that the paper `` Works with HP '' the quality was terrible whatever settings I tried . If you own a printer like mine do n't bother with this .
 I purchased this tray at Amazon . I can not imagine who designed this tray or why anyone tries to sell it.My first day was indicative of things to come . I pushed the tray back under the desk and the tray and the keyboard fell on the floor . A rubber bumper designed to stop the tray broke -LRB- or at least fell out -RRB- . I slid the tray back in the holder . The next time , I tried to turn the tray out of the way and the same thing happened . Another rubber bumper fell to the floor.The tray is not wide enough for a standard keyboard and a mouse pad . Therefore , the makers attach a mouse pad that hangs down from the tray . Unfortunately , it has to be separately pulled out and pushed back . After a little while , it tilted so much that the mouse regularly fell to the floor . Finally , it fell to the floor.I gave up . My return for credit period had expired but I sent it back to Amazon to get it out of my house.I bought the 3M tray and have had no trouble .
 I give this tray 2.5 stars out of 5 . I 'm not rounding up because of the difficulty of installation and the mouse tray is too low for me.I 've assembled quite a few do-it-yourself furniture and I 've found that some brands are better than others in terms of quality and instructions . Apparently , Fellowes falls into the poor instructions category . I 've had great furniture instructions that were mostly pictures and labeled parts . I 've had bad instructions with lots of words and was still incomplete in telling you how to assemble the darn thing . This simple keyboard tray falls into the last category . Not many parts . But omitted to tell you fairly important things.I had great difficulty assembling this keyboard tray because the instructions did not tell you which way things were supposed to be facing -LRB- horizontal , vertical , face up , face down -RRB- so I had to redo the installation all the way through . It also was not clear that certain holes also needed to be drilled at the beginning.Now that the tray is assembled , realized the mouse pad is too low for me . I can not remove the spacer that lowers the mouse pad because the washer/bolt is closed on one end , so I ca n't make the space shorter.I do n't mind the keyboard tray part , although it 's nothing to look at
 Bought this phone based on Consumer Reports . However , when trying to set it up , whenever I plugged it in , an extremely loud buzzing sound came out . Adjusting the speaker volume had no effect . Evidently some kind of short circuit in the product . Poor quality control . Now need to go through a cumbersome return process -LRB- I was installing it more than 30 days after buying it -RRB- .
 From the description , these labels seemed perfect for our needs . Unfortunately , when we actually printed the labels and placed them on the envelopes the one thing that was clear was that the labels were anything but . They do not disappear on contact ; in fact , they stand out . They could almost have a sign on them saying , `` Look ! Labels ! '' Just in case I am not being clear , let me put it this way
 The poly is way to thin , The mil . thickness is about half of other poly bags I have ordered online . The flap where the glue , -LRB- adhesive -RRB- is , the sealing strip is about 1/3 the height of other sealing strips . The flap does seem to stay sealed , but a bit more adhesive would be much more secure . All in all , I guess the bags are still pretty indestructible , but a thicker mil . poly would be more beneficial .
 I do n't know how I ended up being sent complete junk . I even went to my previous orders to buy the exact same thing to make sure I got the same quality I have purchased in the past . The mailers I received were so thin I did n't expect my item to make it safely to the post office let alone across the country . The flap tore on one as I was putting an item in it -LRB- a small lightweight item -RRB- . The seal is very thin as opposed to the nice wide seal I have seen on my previous orders . I do n't know if the seller is trying to save money by sending an inferior item or what , but I will not be purchasing this item from the same seller again -LRB- Value Mailers -RRB- . I was very disappointed and do n't think the mailers are even worth using .
 The seller I previously bought these from on Amazon does n't sell them anymore . This time I bought from Propackagingsupply and I received completely different polymailers than I was expecting . The size is right but they 're really thin -- the edge of a small cardboard box ripped a hole right through the mailer as I -LRB- gently -RRB- packed it up . I had to double up the polymailers so what I was mailing did n't rip through the mailer , effectively meaning I was only able to mail 50 items , not 100 , since I used two mailers per package . If you are mailing something soft like clothes these will probably work , but ANYTHING with even a soft edge and I can not recommend these at all .
 I was sorta surprised when I received the poly mailers in the mail today . After looking them over -LRB- this is the first time I 've bought this product -RRB- I was thoroughly disappointed . As another reviewer said , these are extremely thin -LRB- about as thick as a ziploc bag , with probably about the same protection -RRB- and are extremely flimsy . I generally use bubble mailers , and in comparison this product is CRAP . The only upside is that it `` seems '' -LRB- using that word very loosely -RRB- like they are waterproof ... I guess I get what I pay for out of this product , having only spent about $ 10 for 100 mailers . I wo n't be buying these mailers again .
 Poly Envelopes should be a very simple purchase . There is very little this item needs to do .1 -RRB- An envelope should open up easily in order to place the item you are mailing inside . These envelopes are vacummed sealed from the factory . You must place your hand inside the envelope in order to stretch them out so that you can open them up so that the item you are shipping may be placed inside . In addition the inside of the envelope is not smooth . The inside almost has traction like the bottom of a tennis shoe so that it grips the item you trying to slide it inside .2 -RRB- An envelope should be strong enough so that it does not tear and can carry its contents to its destination . These envelopes are thin and tear easily .3 -RRB- Finally a self adhesive envelope should have enough glue so that it can be sealed on its own . The glue on these envelopes do not make a seal . You need to tape over the envelope so that you items will not fall out during transit.Do not buy these envelopes unless you absolutely have to . I would suggest you increase your budget so that you can afford a better quality envelope . I will not purchase these again the quality is terrible . I have returned the items I did not use up .
 I had a different expectation than what I received but I think my visual of this product was incorrect and I just will not purchase them again .
 BAGS ARE BELOW STANDARD . WHEN YOU ENTER LIGHT WEIGHT ITEM THEY FALL APART AT SEAMS . I WOULD NOT ORDER AGAIN .
 I tried to mail a t-shirt to a friend in one of these bags . the bag ripped badly enough that an empty bag was delivered . also , writing directly on the bag does n't work - it smears regardless of the type of pen/marker used . i now have 99 more useless envelopes !
 I remember these being a better quality . They 're a great price but the description is not very accurate . These are very difficult to use for shipping . The bags are stuck together inside so you have to work your hand into the bag to separate the sides before you can slip your item inside and the sides do n't separate very easily so the bag looks all worked over by the time you have it ready to place your item inside.The sticky strip is great ... once it 's sealed , it 's not going to come unglued ! But I 've had a few bags tear just from when I was removing the strip from the adhesive . The bags are pretty thin ! Though I would trust them with a light weight item for domestic shipping , I would not trust them if I had a heavy item to ship , nor would I use them for my international shipping . I do n't know if they would withstand the wear very well .
 I purchased these poly mailers from the seller FantasyBuy . The mailers arrived overnight -LRB- since I paid for overnight -RRB- and packaging was fine , no problem . When I first looked at the mailers I realized they were different , but I thought they looked pretty cool . The insides were black instead of the gray color they usually are . The outside of the mailers were gray , but had a different ` feel ' to them . The big problem came when trying to stuff them . They are lightly sealed shut from top to bottom , and you have to work something into them to get them to open up so you can slide something in . This created a huge problem when trying to stuff things quickly since I process dozens of orders a day . If you go too fast they tear quite easily . I really HATE these mailers , but since I only ordered 100 and needed them asap , I kept them and endured the agony.The other mailers I have purchased on this listing -LRB- from other sellers -RRB- just open right up without sticking . Due to this issue I will not order from FantasyBuy again .
 I was disappointed with these flimsy unsensational strips . I was envisioning something more sturdy - something I could n't have made myself with a pair of scissors and some stiff paper . Definitely a waste of money . I should have given more thought to exactly what I was buying .
 I received the product -LRB- Avery 8471 Inkjet White Business Cards in about 7 days and what appeared to be in good to new condition . Upon opening the box , which still had the original seal , the products were warped , damp and musty ... . I used three sheets and had to print one sheet at a time and due to the warp , the cards did not go thru the printer as they should have . I did notify the seller and have not heard any word as of yet ... . I will not buy from the seller again and I have learned a lesson ... if you want new or near new ... buy newJ T
 This item was listed as being able to buy it , but when I ordered it , it was out of stock .
 Wanted a mount for our monitor so we could raise it up out of the way while desk was being used for other things . this mount does raise the monitor , but is not easily adjusted without removing a few bolts . It is even limited to four positions , only achievable by totally removing the arm and with a fair amount of difficulty , re-inserting the mount bolts in the base , while holding the monitor with one hand . Also the arm is a little ugly when viewed from the front , with a big bolt clearly visible.I know it was only thirty bucks , but the info should have a better description of how the mechanism adjusts .
 This unit does not have any counter resistance so you have to screw it in a fixed position to keep it from falling . You get what to pay for .
 I have always had good things to say about all the products I have ordered from Amazon . However , I can not believe that this small pack of paper cost 6.88 . I guess I misunderstood the advertisement when it said 20-lb . I really thought that was how much was being shipped to me . I thought it was a bargain for that much paper . I will not order this product from Amazon again .
 I received my pens in a week but only one . I thought by the picture and the way it is set up it was 2 pens it is not it is ONE , this is deceptive .
 I must have misread the description of this item . It works well as a regular stopwatch . However
 OMG - This is the worst ! We love Learning Resources products , but NOT this one!I wanted a simple stopwatch for my kids to use to time themselves at various things -LRB- schoolwork , outside time , reading time , etc -RRB- This is NOT the one . The directions included were printed in a font size of about 2 . Microscopic to read . I 'm a college graduate -LRB- 6 year professional degree -RRB- and it was impossible for me to figure out how to set , re-set , or anything else that I had planned to use it for.We ended up going with the red Learning Resources one -LRB- which is perfect - STOP & START -RRB- . The yellow one is outta here !
 Coming from Learning Resources , you 'd think it would have been designed for typical classroom uses ... like setting a countdown timer for multiplication quizzes for example . But is is n't . Really , it 's OK as a watch , but it 's kind of awkward to use . For example , if you are timing something ... a student activity , and you need to check the clock time as well , you have to scroll through all of the functions before you get back to the event timer.It 's a fair product for the price , and durable enough -LRB- I 've had mine for 5 years now -RRB- , but it just does n't do what I want it to do ... not that I have found any alternatives mind you.Edited on 11/20/11 to add
 The stopwatch is nice for kids . I bought it for my five year old son and he really likes it . Unfortunately it must be old stock as it ships with a dead battery . So if you plan on buying , plan on replacing the battery out of the box .
 Length :
 I know the item title says assorted colors , but I was hoping it would still be transparent at the very least . The rulers in the picture are the transparent , flat , flexible kind , whereas the one i just got is raised with a groove down the middle and not meant to be flexible . In fact , the plastic seems very hard , shiny , and cheap . Granted , the ruler was only 60 cents total , but I would have liked to receive what I thought I was buying .
 The markings do n't extend to the edge of the ruler , which means you ca n't measure anything accurately without guessing where the lines extend to . what a waste !
 Everything about this phone is good , except the battery life . From the very beginning the phone would go dead after 5 or 6 hours off the charger , even with no use . Now , several months later , they 're only good for a couple of 5 minute calls before I have to switch phones . Customer service is useless -- they acted as though their faulty product was my fault .
 We have owned this product for about two years and already had to purchase new -LRB- expensive -RRB- batteries for the handsets because they would no longer take a charge . Now the new batteries no longer hold enough charge for the speakerphone to function - if you press the speakerphone button , the battery life immediately goes to zero and the phone dies -LRB- and you lose the call -RRB- . From the beginning , these phones would die if you left them off the charger overnight.The design is very slick and appealing , but we found that the features were clumsy and disappointing . You ca n't convert a caller ID number to a phone book entry because it does n't include the `` 1 '' . Phonebook entries on the two handsets are independent and ca n't be transferred . There is no headset jack.Overall I would not recommend this phone . We bought it at a discount at BJ 's , and for our replacement set I 'm paying more attention to customer reviews and will probably go with the Panasonic KX-TG9344T .
 Have had this phone less than 2 yrs , deleting messages almost impossible , button does not work to delete , skip , repeat or stop . Answering machine still runs and shows a message taken when no message is left . Would prefer a phone that answers when taken off charger instead of having to push the button to talk . Would not purchase this phone again .
 Band was advertised as fitting 45 + gallon cans . The product actually is good up to 30 gallon containers and is labeled as such . A lousy way to make a sale !
 1 of the drawers on the desk was broken . When it was constructed the wood split . I tried going through the manufacturer to get it replaced , and they sent the wrong color , and also the drawers were in broken even worse !! The workmanship was horrible ! buy the desk if you are just looking for something that you do n't care if it may fall apart ...
 Paper looks great blank . It 's been a few months and I 'm still waiting for the ink to dry ... seriously . Everything I 've printed with this paper still smears badly .
 I purchased this product to get a feel for distance and speed for an endurance horse I 'm training . Sure wasted my money on this . Within 2 hours of receiving the product the face fell off . I found that it would not retain the correct date either . I also found that if you do n't stay completely out in open spaces -LRB- no trees -RRB- it does not work . I did n't expect spectacular results but I sure thought for $ 150 it would work as well as a $ 10 watch . It does n't . Do n't waste your money .
 It was to be a Mickey but instead got a Minnie and this was for a boy . OH Well .
 This is a mediocre cash box . The dollar clips like to pop out at inconvenient times . Although it is not difficult to put them back in , when your trying to exchange monies this can get annoying . Also the carrying handle is centered on the top of the box , which is fine when empty , but when change is in it the balance is off . The change falls causing added aggravation .
 I 've had a favorite pen for four years and I thought that they had stopped producing it . So when I saw them on amazon I was really excited . What I got , however , was a completely different pen . It was the ` new generation ' of the atlantis and writes really poorly . The box and pen LOOK completely different , and had been squished and both ends were open . The pens themselves did n't write and were coated with dust . What ... even ? I called them today and they said they were sorry and that they 'd send a replacement , which should arrive tomorrow . Fingers crossed ? I 'm fairly confident that they 're just going to send the exact same messed up pens .
 I know I love these pens . They 're the perfect size , shape , and the ink comes out smoothly and does n't blot.But when I bought replacements from amazon , they sent me the new kind -LRB- not the kind pictured -RRB- which while similar in size and shape with just a gray grip instead of black , is of much poorer quality . The new kind with gray grip does not write as smoothly and leaves blot marks on my papers.I wish I could find someone really selling the original .
 I ordered these pens based off of the item that was pictured . I LOVE the pens that are depicted -LRB- they are a previous `` model '' . The rubber grip was offered much more padding . -RRB- The model that they sent offer essentially no padding , and needless to say , I am thoroughly disappointed .
 The item that I purchased was not the item that was pictured or I was under the impression that I was purchasing .
 We bought a few boxes of the Bic Atlantis 1.2 pens for our office . They put small globs of ink on the page that smear frequently . It 's especially bad for those of us who print . The more strokes you make picking up and putting it back down on the paper , the worse the globbing gets . I do n't like the way the cap fits on the end of the pen when you 're writing , either . -LRB- Small thing , I know . -RRB- They have a rubberized grip that is comfortable to write with , and they write fairly smoothly . But , the globbing is a deal-breaker .
 I based my purchase of these pencils on the price and good reviews . But after using them , I do n't know whether I 'm more baffled by the fatal flaw in their design or by the prevalence of good reviews . As some have pointed out , the lead tends to break . Uh ... yeah ! This is because the pencil extends the lead 1.7 mm each time you push the button for more lead . Since you need to do this when the lead is down to about 0.3 mm beyond the tip , you start writing with at least 2.0 mm lead exposed . Unless you press very softly , the lead will break . Why they were designed it to extend the lead this far I have no idea . But an otherwise well-designed , attractive , comfortable pencil is almost unusable because of it .
 Lead broke easily . the line was dark and smudgy and did n't erase well -LRB- you could still see the pigment on the paper -RRB- with the eraser on the pencil . It just was n't what I was looking for in a .5 mm mechanical pencil . I had another one before that worked great . -LRB- I ca n't remember the brand and model now though -RRB-
 This product is very cheaply built . It did not work from the first time I tried it . Product is very small you can not hardly see the letters or numbers when trying to enter , Sent Back
 This was supposed to organize and save my time . It takes more time to input information than any similar device I have ever used . Just threw ten bucks out in to the street ! Mike Reagan
 When I ordered this Rolodex organizer from Amazon , I thought it would be a larger organizer . The picture did n't have a size which should be on page with product and when I received it , it was so small in the palm of my hand and hard to put information in . It was n't exactly what I was looking for . I would like an electronic organizer where I can put name , full address along with phone number with email , etc. . This item is too small and hard to handle . This is the first item I have ordered from Amazon that was a disappointment
 In my openion this product is a peice of junk . I trashed mine after two days of trying to figure out how to use it sinse the directions were so incomplete .
 I read the product manual and it seems that it is not worth the trouble . I suggest that if you plan on purchasing this product , read the manual you can download on this site FIRST .
 When I got it a password was set . I do n't know the password.I ca n't use it !!! Why would there be a password when it was advertised as ` new ' . What a waste of money !!!!
 Returned this product because it came with a serial connector to connect to a computer . Franklin Electronics advised me that they did not have a USB connector for this product . Serial connections on computers were elimated a few years back . Definately not reconmended
 This `` Organizer '' simply does n't works . Yes - you can enter the Names and Numbers - BUT you CAN NOT see them.In Place of it you see all letters from A to Z , but you CAN NOT fetch your Phone Numbers - so it is equal like you never entered them . My Husband was so happy when we received this `` Organizer '' - so how deep he was disappointed when we realized that we can not use it and our Purchase was simply the FRAUD .
 This item was defective from the moment I opened the package . It did not work at all following directions that came with it . I tried to install the software that came with it , hoping I could sync information to it , but I find out that the software is several years old and outdated . It was not worth it to send it back to Ace Photo Digital since they deduct for an opened package , also I have to purchase a mailer , postal fees and endure a long drive to the post office . I am very disappointed with Amazon for not being on top of the suppliers to insure that the products they sell are up to date .
 I had for some time a Seiko speaking dictionary , but it suddenly died out and i tried this Franklin thing.Huge disappointment ! The screen is bad , pronunciation is bad , and it lacks some major features.One is incremental search
 If you really need it for one year or 6 month , it is ok to have . But if you are planning to use for longer time , forget it!firt of all it is too expensive for what it does -LRB- Ipd is only $ 99 it does more ... -RRB- Second speaking of words is crab ... forget it!Third display is hard to see and not well lit!Fourth not customer freindlly -LRB- ease of use -RRB- Finally , if the battery is dead then it is gone forever !! you will lose eveything !!! Do n't buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I do n't recommend you to buy or even read about what people said.so do n't waste your money .
 My order was cancelled without my notice and just an email was sent saying that my order has been cancelled . Will NEVER do business again .
 This item worked great except after 2 years the on/off button does not work anymore . The add-on slot for accessories , say encyclopedia-4th edition , is useless . The encyclopedia is slow to load . Looking to by another talking dictionary but will not consider Franklin !
 The product has good features and suits for my growing kids . However , the hinge of the protective cover is very flimsy . It 'd been broken before the package was opened . Franklin said they do n't have that spare part ! The retailer suggested me to refund , but my kids want to keep it . Franklin advised to send me a protective holder instead of its original style cover . I saw their document -LRB- description with photo -RRB- . I accepted . Surprisingly , I received an old/used holder with different style and it does n't fit -LRB- slightly smaller -RRB- my new device !! This is my third Franklin products I 've bought . I was very shocked by what I was treated .
 This dictionary is mediocre at best and a bitter disappointment for endurance of product . Major shortcomings are
 This review pertains to Model SCD-1870A , ISBN
 Although the product description says on amazon.com it is `` Accurate Pronunciation '' , the speaking of a word is not clear or even it is not accurate at all . For example , the pronunciation of `` quantitate '' is wrong . It is misleading . English is my second language . I am very disappointed about the dictionary because I wish I could use the speaking function to improve my pronunciation . Otherwise , I might have a much cheaper one without the speaking function . I think the product defective . I am asking for full refund .
 I bought this dictionary for my daughter approximately 14 months ago , and it completely stopped working now . For a product costing this much , you would expect a longer life span .
 This product is incredible . What ? 200,000 words ? It also pronounces the word for you . And ... you can hold up to I think 40 words in your own person dictionary - that 's what I liked best . Although I 'll admit , for a product that houses 200,000 defined and articulated words , can we do a little better than 40 ? You 'd be surprised how fast that number is reached . Then it 's a pain to delete them . But overall a good product . People like playing with it too , it has games , and all that jazz that people really do enjoy playing with . I , however , am fed up with the product , after it broke for not once , but the second time . Granted I kept it in my bookbag -LRB- just graduated - penn state - holler -RRB- but the fact is I was n't slamming my bookbag around . And even if I was , what 's the big deal ? It does n't have a scratch on it , and bam . The first one broke after my sister was playing a game . The store said I pryed it open , I 'm like `` uh , not really . '' The second one just broke straight up , for no apparent reason . I 'm giving it a 1 star because this product lacks bad reviews and I want the brevety of my complaint to be felt on the stars . PS . Subscribe to dictionary.com 's word-of-the-day ; it 's really cool . Although make sure you read the word every time they e-mail it to you , otherwise you 'll end up with tons of words in your inbox and get sick of it . In that case , delete all the words , and start over . I 've moved on to a dictionary with a mere 130,000 words in it . It acts as a bookmark as well . It 's a Zelco Bookmark Dictionary II . We 'll see . Stay tuned ...
 Its sound quality is very poor and unclear . Ten years ago , I bought another speaking English dictionary -LRB- model
 I used Franklin old version of e-dictionaries for many years and I WAS really satisfied . Then my e-dictionary broke and I bought this NEW ! model.Very funny , very slow , somtimes you can nap ... and poor in words . Just type the word `` London '' and you can NOT find any definition that `` London is the Capital of England '' ... overall it is not as previous Franklin company products . I comment Japanese or other brand e-dictionaries that are cheaper and more efficient .
 The screen display is aweful . The background is not lit , and it is just hard to focus on the display . I do not know about this review talking about expensive and cheap models displays . I have got the expensive model , and the display is so bad that it just does not make sense to release such a unit .
 Unlike some higher end Casio calculators this one has a readable screen - sort of - at least it has acceptable contrast . However , the icons look cheap -LRB- low resolution -RRB- . The unit is very , very solid . It can survey a lot of abuse , dropping , etc. -LRB- see below -RRB- It does not come with a printed manual and the extremely basic printed get started manual is almost worthless . It is sometimes counterintuitive to use as navigation is inconsistent . I got stuck in a menu and could n't get out of it . I let a friend look at it and she did n't progress either . Eventually we figured it out . -LRB- what we figured out was that it was a pain - bad human factors , to say the very least . -RRB- Unfortunately , it has blinking cursors and as soon as I got to that point I had fairly bad seizures . My friend was there and I had to have her go away as I am just trying to maintain through the pain in my head . -LRB- these are complex/simple partial seizures which feel like a shock through my brain or getting hit with a rubber mallet . Once is enough , several were way too many.I was unwilling -LRB- and very afraid -RRB- to experiment since I got clobbered immediately . She wanted to play with it but I did n't even want to be tempted to use it again so I stripped everything useful and threw the calculator in the garbage on the curb.There is NO excuse for products to be inaccessible in this manner -LRB- or any other manner -RRB- . Calculators are necessary for students and they should n't be exposed to this type of product . -LRB- BTW , Texas Instruments calculators are hopeless , too . I have a box of them that I can use due to blinking . I contacted TI about the lack of accessibility and , of course , never got a meaningful response -RRB- If we assume that one or two persons in ten thousand have problems -LRB- epilepsy 1 or 2 in 100 and photosensitive epilepsy 1-5 per 100 -RRB- , we are talking about many thousands of people that will have problems . -LRB- This whole area of expertise is very obscure , unless you have a spectacular seizure that can be clearly associated with a particular stimulus , doctors are going to miss this problem . I know , I told doctors many , many years ago about fluorescent lights and video display terminals and I still ca n't get help or accessibility . NOW WITH EVERYTHING BLINKING THE PROBLEM IS 100 TIMES WORSE -RRB- Maybe you are next ? Green is not just a color , it is a philosophy . Blinking is not green.My friend -LRB- who helps me with my disabilities -RRB- said I probably should n't even buy anything more since I have problems with 100 % of modern electronic equipment . She is probably right . Digital cameras are particularly offensive . I purchased a Fuji camera and , again , I could n't use it . Big bucks down the drain . I have one of the small Casio EX-V8 digital cameras and the jury is still out on it . An inferior camera compared to Nikon -LRB- very inaccessible -RRB- or Canon -LRB- inaccessible -RRB- digital cameras.Accessibility is the LAW and so is accommodation . I assume the problem is that all of these companies outsource their software to unqualified -LRB- from a point of accessibility and , maybe , human factors -RRB- programmers . Their cheapness costs us money.That 's trickle down economics - the profits rise to the top and the rest of us get disabled .
 This dictionary is not very sophisticated , but I can live with that . However it lost a line of pixels within the first few months of use , and now has lost three lines making it almost unreadable ! It is not more than a year or so old . Buy another brand !
 I was very disappointed with this dictionary . I have just come back from Asia , where extremely elegant , sophisticated and versatile electronic dictionaries set a high standard . It 's common to find high resolution backlit touch screens and multiple languages , as well as context-sensitive glosses on words and expressions . Sound is a common feature , as well . My new Franklin electronic dictionary sports none of the above . To start with , it looks cheap and flimsy , like a child 's toy , and does not function as advertised . The dictionary seems to have only one text size , too large -LRB- the instructions claim there are three , but choosing a different size does not change the display -RRB- and communicates only in capital letters . Despite packaging graphics that show both upper and lower case letters , input and output are uniformly upper case , making it hard to distinguish the French accent marks . There is a `` maj '' key which is supposed to make it possible to type in capitals or lower case , but it does n't work . I do n't know whether I have a defective unit or whether the specifications have changed , but it is going back !
 This certainly does n't replace a full service dictionary but could have been valuable when you do n't have the space for the paper ... my BFQ-450 died after 2 months . Customer Service provided a fax number option for warranty coverage . I 'm fortunate enough to have a fax machine and that number has been busy continuously for over 14 hours . I should have been provided with an `` RMA '' number per terms of the warranty to return the defective product-not a fax number that 's off the hook!After a day of total frustration , they did reply to an e-mail and committed to send a replacement device .
 If you really want a French dictionary device -LRB- en lieu d'un dictionnaire en papier -RRB- this is not it . Missing a lot of words and some definitions incorrect . I have a program on my laptop -LRB- Collins -RRB- which is much better . Look for other options .
 I bought these gloves after my hand started to hurt from using the computer for extensive periods of time . I quite a bit disapointed after recieving them . I would definatly say that they are not worth $ 16 . They are very flimsy and remind me of something that i would find on a rack in a 99 cent store . . I have been using them on the computer and i will say that they are better than nothing , but i am still searching for a good pair of gloves to use on the computer , and i do n't think that these will last very long . .
 I recieved a damaged CD storage cabinet . SpinKeeper told me to contact them if product was damaged , and not UPS.I tried from 12pm to 5pm to contact this company , but I never received a call back . The message that was on they 're machine was that customer service was busy and that they would call back promptly . They have been busy since 12pm . It 's 630pm now and I have not recieved a call yet.Highly dissatisfied with company !
 LONG DISTANCE FUNCTION DOES NOT WORK . SAYS IT COMES LOADED WITH MINUTES . wHEN YOU PRESS GREEN BUTTON AND DIAL IT SAYS YOU HAVE NO LONG DISTANCE SERVICE . wHEN YOU CALL THEY DO NOTHING . THE AUDIO IS INAUDIBLE . YOU CA N'T RETURN IT . IT IS AN UTTER AND COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY AND A PIECE OF JUNK
 During the winter it is hard to find things to do and this puzzle was very nice and arrived in record time . It was packaged well and the price was ok .
 I wasnt that into this tape . I used it for its intended purpose . But i noticed it doesnt stick that well . Sure its `` ez '' start but i just would have rather had something else . Im trying another packing tape by duck brand & we will see how that does
 I gave it 1 star because 0 stars is not an option . We tried to use this labeler in a small datacenter due to the economical price . Big mistake.Jambs , tape sticks to unit inside , tape will get off center and curl , cartridges are wasted when it jambs , the black backing breaks or feeds out and twists up.Avoid it . Dymo should be embarassed for their name to be on it . / RB
 I do n't use this labeler often and for the variety of labels offered . Being in the telecom business we use star * and pound # for dialing . This stupid printer does not offer # even in the extended choices menu . Tech support has no upgrade , fix or trade-in . My buddy bought these a year ago and has found removing labeling back very hard . No help from Dymo.I find that certain sizes of labels get stuck as they feed ; lovely.I 'll buy another brand next time . These handhelds have been out long enough to have corrected these problems and oversights.Bye Bye Dymo .
 In addition to the annoying delay when you dial numbers , when you put someone on hold with this phone , and then take the call on another phone and then you hang up , the VT4121 does n't release the line . You need to go to the VT4121 , and pick up and then hang up the line . VTech support says this is normal , and they tried to tell me that all phones behave this way !
 I had high hopes for this product but between the fact that you can not adjust the ringer volume separately for each line and the annoying delay on tones when you dial a number , it is n't going to me much use to me unless I find a location where I can hear the appropriate bells ringing from another phone and do n't ever have to dial out .
 Loved the design and how it worked while it lasted . It started freezing up about a year after we bought it and would not ring or keep time . It would work for about 20 minutes after we unpluged it and pluged it back in , but then it would freeze on a certain time and act like it was working when it was not .
 This was advertised as a new item . It is definitely not a new phone . The receiver has a scratch in it and it was repackaged . I paid a lot for the item - probably 3x retail as I was replacing the phone for someone who really liked the one they had before it went defective . It 's disappointing to pay that much and not have it be brand new .
 Workable envelopes , however some of the clasps were misaligned , requiring the flap to be refolded .
 Workable envelopes , however some of the clasps were misaligned , requiring the flap to be refolded .
 The phone is almost unusable . The volume , even on highest level , is too low to hear . The clock is not lit so that it can be seem with out fumbling for a small button at night .
 This phone is worthless . The phone does not have a back light , so you can not read the incoming phone number , or dial in the dark . The clock is on an angle that you have to stand over it to see the time . Frequently I can not answer a call , or dial a number , as the `` Talk '' button does not work to answer the call and or open the line to call a phone number . Do n't buy it . Unfortuantely my 30 day return limit is past , so I am just out of the money and will now have to go buy a new phone !!!
 Nice looking phone , but what a pain to configure in an Asterisk environment . I 've configured Polycom and Cisco 7960 Phones so I have some experience with tftp and editing all the config files . These Cisco 7970 phones come preloaded with SCCP and not SIP firmware . That is the first hassle , which requires purchasing a Cisco SmartNet service contract -LRB- $ 10.99 -RRB- from CDW . You then have to wait at least 5 business days for Cisco to approve the service contract before you can even get the firmware . I will never purchase this phone ever again -- it is n't worth it . Too many other good options out there to have to go through this nightmare .
 The item was previously used but offered as if it were new . To set it up has been a big problem as it is password blocked so new firmware must be downloaded but the version managed by the phone is old so the one available it Cisco right now is not useful . I have not been able set the phone to use it as it should have brought at least the passwords stablished by the previous user/administrator
 This chair is one of the most uncomfortable chairs I 've ever sat in . Even though it says it has a 17 '' deep seat that is deceptive . The back pushes you too far forward , making it feel as if you are being pushed off the chair seat . The contour of the seat gives no support to your thighs . Four members of my family , of varying sizes , all complain about how uncomfortable it is . My back actually hurts after sitting on it for 15 min . The only positive thing I can say about the chair is that the wheels move the chair around very well . My daughter loves scooting around the kitchen on it for fun . Unless you plan on using it as a scooter chair do n't waste you money .
 The color was not red , but a light pink . The lead was hard and scratchy . I could neot even see the lines unless I used heavy pressure .
 This lead is very soft . If you push out more than a millimeter , it breaks . I find I can not use this lead without feeling the metal of the pencil scraping the paper . If you advance it any further , the lead breaks.Very disappointing product .
 The idea is nice but the lead does n't write dark enough nor does it erase easily .
 This chair is one of the most uncomfortable chairs I 've ever sat in . Even though it says it has a 17 '' deep seat that is deceptive . The back pushes you too far forward , making it feel as if you are being pushed off the chair seat . The contour of the seat gives no support to your thighs . Four members of my family , of varying sizes , all complain about how uncomfortable it is . My back actually hurts after sitting on it for 15 min . The only positive thing I can say about the chair is that the wheels move the chair around very well . My daughter loves scooting around the kitchen on it for fun . Unless you plan on using it as a scooter chair do n't waste you money .
 If you saw this on a rack in a five & dime ; store , you would n't pay more than $ 3 or $ 4 for it.That said , is is not cheap plastic junk -- it 's all metal , except the flip-out ` hangers ' and rubber feet . It could possibly hold a 20 x 27 board - maybe even bigger - as long as the ceiling fan 's off . It 's actually 133/4 '' standing , 91/2 '' between the legs.There 's not much to it , but maybe that 's what you want for travel & table-top presentation .
 The item you get is soo not worth the price . They were what they are advertised to be except that the amount you actually get is underwhelming to say the least .
 `` What did you say '' and `` I ca n't hear you '' are phrases you will learn to use alot with this phone .
 I just purchased my third one of these . The first was stolen , and the second one broke inexplicably and was n't covered under their warranty . The great thing about this dictionary is that it had , i repeat HAD , such a wide variety of words . Now , since it is no longer Larousse but Merriam-Webster , it has absolutely NO slang . None !!! In other words , it does n't have crap !! I 'm not even talking swear words -LRB- which the old one had plenty of -RRB- , but it does n't even have silly words like fart or barf . This may sound ridiculous , but these are words are part of the average persons vocabulary.I thought about returning mine , but there 's really nothing better out there that I know of . And I 'm studying Spanish lit , so it 's kind of a necessity . It 's fast and has a lot more words than your average Spanish-English dictionary .
 I took this on one trip and I tried to pack it safely but the screen on the unit still somehow got broken . The cover is pretty flimsy so my theory is that the entire cover pressed into the screen causing it to break . For a travel piece of equipment to have the most vulnerable part of the unit so weakly protected is really bad design . I did n't own it long enough to evaluate it 's usage . Sorry .
 So far , this has been a disappointment . Shipped promptly , but the item was not the DBE 1440 with the LaRousse Dictionary , as the ad specified , it 's the Merriam-Webster Dictionary.Here 's the catch
 I ca n't believe that Franklin and Merriam-Webster has made up to 44,000 programming errors in this new version of their DBE-1440 translator and I REALLY ca n't believe how the nineteen previous morons reviewing this product failed to find these errors within moments of opening the box ! In a nutshell , the - s / - es ending for EVERY SINGLE third person singular present tense verb in every English translation has been left off ! Let 's see now ... There are roughly about 22,000 Spanish verbs . Say you type in hablar -LRB- to talk -RRB- and press the conjugate button . Upon arriving at the present tense , just scroll down to the third person and check out the two translations ... he talk/she talk . Embarrassing , huh ? Figured out how I got my `` up to 44,000 errors '' yet ? Kind of reminiscent of the infamous failed Mars probe `` oversight '' if you ask me ! If this were an automobile , we would be talking big-time recall but I have a feeling Franklin is just hoping that everybody that buys one of these will be as blind -LRB- or forgiving -RRB- as the aforementioned nineteen `` tards '' who did ` nt catch it in their reviews .
 I have never written a product review but I felt very compelled to do so after buying and using this product that had received such high marks . This product does not even contain the most basic words that a middle school student would come across in their daliy work and I a very certain that this would be of no use to a college student . I read the review of this product that the university english professor had posted highly endorsing this product . This will be of absolutely no use to any college unless they are looking up words like `` house , car , people , ect . '' This machine will not give definitions for many of the basic words that it can spell such as `` compell . '' There are some good spell checks but this is not one of them .
 Got this model about two years ago . It was the only choice at the time that could pronounce words . It worked OK , the vocabulary was limited ; probably OK for spanish intermediate level at the most . It was plagued with poor design though . really bad battery door design resulting in intermittent operation . Hard to use volume control . unreliable connecter in the back for inserting other books , poor contrast made it difficult to read , and my son at one point adjusted it to minimum while playing with it and the display totaly disappeared . Took lot of blind hit and trial to get to the settings menu to get it back . pls designers leave the minimum contrast adjustment at a level that can still be seen . About two years of use the top half of the display stopped working.It has been replaced by a better model that is thin and smaller . Get that instead .
 There 's no other product out in the market -LSB- that i 've found -RSB- that has both the reputable and quality Franklin Electronics has for a Spanish/English dictionary device . While this product certainly is n't the worst , it 's also definitely not the best - and I have it because there 's nothing else out there to satisfy my needs.Because it is a speaking dictionary , we all know the `` computer voice '' is the best we can get . And that is exactly the voice you hear when you press `` SAY '' . it 's 75 % understandable , but who knows the real sound because I understand Spanish in the first place -LSB- that 's why I bought it -RSB- . The first major criticism is the design of the product - instead of it 's current rounded look , I would rather have a tilted/slanted look because that 's the way most viewers use it -LSB- on a flat surface -RSB- . The most comfortable viewing angle is 15 % , but this product is at almost a flat angle so that whenever you type or read the first line , it 's blocked by a shadow from the top on the LCD.Also , while the buttons are rubberized for easy feel , they should be bigger -LSB- seeing how there is so much space inbetween each button -RSB- and raised higher , thus making it easier to push . The location of the keys are standard , okay for learning.I wish there was a Spanish/English phrase compatibility function where you are able to type in short phrases like `` How are you '' or `` Where is the telephone '' instead of just one word definitions . This would make the device so much better ! I do n't think the conjugations of phrasing the sentences really matter so long as you get the gist of the phrase meaning.Overall , I would only buy this if you really need something handy -LSB- that speaks -RSB- for going on business trips or such . There is no need to buy it if you are a student and just need definitions , get the cheaper version for half the price .
 I have been using Franklin translators for a few years . This new model has great software and is very attractive , but has serious design flaws . The buttons are too small and hard to push . Entering words is slower on this model than on the older , uglier , yet better designs . The screen design is severly flawed . The first line -LRB- which is the most important -RRB- is very hard to see unless there is light directly on it . It always seems to be hidden by the shadow of the case . VERY frustrating . The four keys to the left of the screen are way to small and way to hard to push . The `` lang '' key is used often , and it is very frustrating to have to push so hard to make it work.If you 're looking for a translator for merely occasional use , this would be okay . But for anyone that wants a useful tool , you will find the BES-1840 to be terribly frustrating to use.It 's sad that Franklin decided to go for looks over functionality . It could have been an amazing product . Look for older models if you can still find them , and hope that Franklin solves some of these design problems in their next model or an upgrade .
 I had great hopes for this machine . Immediately I noticed that the first line of the entry always seemed to be in a dark shadow and I had to try tipping the unit to get light into the inner screen to make it readable . It too often does n't have the words -- even many very common ones in its database . The voice is extremely fuzzy when you try the audio pronunciation feature . It only has a few forms of many of the the words I am seeking . If this unit really has 250,000 words -- as they tell us -- then they should create a new one with a couple of million
 i started out really liking this translator , but one I carried it in my bag for about 2 days the plastic screen started cracking eventually the whole thing and off and now it is almost useless if i want to carry it around . I would highly suggest getting a translator with a flip screen so the screen can not be damaged and you will not have to buy another one like I have to .
 This item is $ 42.99 at a local electronics store . Amazon 's price is much better , but the product has shortcomings , so I returned it . It has a primitive screen and it lacks many useful phrases . It claims to have over 210,000 words and phrases , but it is not clear whether that is the number of words in any single language -LRB- which is the really relevant number -RRB- , or whether it counts all the other languages ' translations -LRB- in which case it multiplies the relevant number times the number of languages it offers -RRB- . It also uses `` button '' batteries that I found to be expensive to replace . Other reviewers said they found other translators that are `` 1,000 times better '' than this one . I would like to know which ones people have found to be better than this one , why they are better , how much they cost , and where they can be found . I am specifically looking for English/French in any available units .
 I thought the Franklin was an OK translator . I also bought another translator from another store and I thought that one was 1000 times better . It had many more words and features and was much easier to use .
 I found a translator that is 10,000 times better then this one . I have returned this translator to Amazon
 The electronic device is very nice , but I was looking for Persian electronic dictionaries .
 Product appeared to be well used or abused . Batteries ran down very quickly . Was very careful with sticky on/off button . No instructions . Not previous owners fault . Using my own German/English bookman , could not figure out how to use it . Again
 I read through the reviews and noticed the one from Montreal in which the user identified a problem . She found the module program for French-English was not as good as the built in one . So I 'm wondering if the Franklin MWD-1440 Dictionary and Thesaurus with Bookman II has better software than I would get if I bought the dictionary add-on for the DBE 1440 Spanish-English translator I own ?
 I got this bookman in August . I hoped it would cut back on my hamework . It did for a while . I had it for 2 months in a package . I finally opened the bookman , and used it for about 2 or 3 months , and soon the screen cracked . I wanted to turn it in because of the warenty , but they said it would cost $ 30 to replace the screen ! THe system was still under warenty ! other than this little / huge flaw , it is a good machine .
 We bought a MWD-1440 with a bookman card in december 1999 . The same failure occured after the 3 replacements
 I must say that after all the great reviews I was a little let down by the Franklin Electronic Dictionary.I bought it so that I could read in bed and check out all those new words without having to lug around my very heavy dictionary.Of the first 20 or so words I keyed in approximately 12 were not in there.Since then this has been quite a regular pattern.I found the games either too simple or that they too often used proper names . So it is back to the book for this boy until a better version is offered.Perhaps electronics are n't taking over the world after all !
 I bought this as a gift for Christmas thinking it would be useful . It would be if it would work . The first one I bought worked for maybe and hour then stopped . I tried the troubleshooting , which did not help . I exchanged it and the second one did n't work from the beginning . I would have to press a key many times before it would show on the screen . Then nothing showed up and I could not even turn it on or off . For such a well-known company , their customer service has much room for improvement .
 I bought this item a year ago . It is a very handy dictionary . Excellent idea , however its prroly designed . Keys get stuck , I kept a pin just to free the key . After two months it just died . I discovered a problem with battery case . It 's a weird design . I suggest you wait for their better designed product . Check out their newer model FRA SCD1870 -LRB- Franklin Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Speaking Dictionary -RRB- It has a larger screen and hopefully better designed keys .
 I have been using different electronic dictionaries , but I am deeply sorry to against some or most of the positive comments here about this product
 My dad bought me this dictionary for my schoolwork last year . I did n't know how he paid then . But I totally freaked out when saw its price . This does NOT worth $ 75 ! The screen is very small , and I always pressed the 2 letters at a time because the button were SO TINY ! It 's about a size of my pinky 's nail ! also it is BIG . It 's not good for caring around . If you really need a electronic dictionary , i recommend Franklin MWD-1440 Dictionary . It might look kinda small and lame but it knows how to do its thing ! I say it 's way better than this one .
 I bought a similar product 15 years ago . The voice was much natural and pleasent to listen . Last year , I bought a new one , the voice is so electronic makes me sick . I called Franklin , `` Shame on you at today 's high tech era '' . No more in my life . ever , never again .
 this item is hard to see , upper line is partially hidden . do you have something larger and easier to read ?
 ... said that the Franklin 1840 had over 274,00 `` comprehensive and contemporary '' definitions . When I received the machine the Franklin paperwork that came with it said that the 1840 had 120,000 definitions . I verified that it was the 1840 . Here 's a couple of words that I could n't find
 I must have received one of the defective item : - -LRB- I purchased this for my niece as a gift and was with her when she opened it and started using it , the letters on the keypad kept getting stuck , even without putting pressure on them , which ofcourse affected the fuction of the machine.Returned for refund .
 I could not believe such low quality and bulky design of the dictionary when I received it . I bought it for my kid to check definition and pronunciation . It did not work well from day 1 . Keys were stuck all time and turn off every moment when you have slight motion or shaking . I fixed the battery cover to solve part of the problem . After 9 months , it died finally.This is a piece of junk . Do not waste your money and time on it.On the other hand , shopping on Amazon is always super .
 I ordered this item because my father has one that he had bought over 20 years ago and which is still going strong today - I think it still has the original batteries in it ! So I thought I 'd get a new Franklin electronic dictionary with the `` speaking '' feature . Like always with Amazon , the ordering and shipping processes were a breeze , my new dictionary arrived promptly and I was eager to put it through its paces . I was extremely disappointed with my purchase . First , the `` speaking '' feature is an absolute joke , with every word sounding like incomprehensible gibberish . The buttons are small and awkward to operate , and finally the unit just plain quit working after a few minutes . The unit promptly went back into its box and shipped back to Amazon for an immediate refund , so at least no money was lost in the transaction . But what happened to Franklin in the intervening 20 years to cause this precipitous drop in product quality ? Outsourcing ? Whatever it is , I can not recommend this product to anyone . Amazon , on the other hand , shines as always .
 Initially I thought this would be an advance machine with greater speed than the previous Frankling dictionary that I had . Boy was I wrong ... . The speed is agonizingly slow and looking up a word especially if you 're not sure about the spelling , takes forever . In addition , the unit is much bigger than the previous Franklin 's and the buttons do not have a good feel when pressed . And on top of that , the pronounciation needs to be improved greatly . Overall , I feel that Franklin should have done better considering the high price tag of this unit .
 When it comes to the English language , the most important aspect is the pronunciation . This is where I focus now . In general , the pronunciation of this unit is not too bad , but there are words that are mispronounced ; for example , the word `` spank '' is pronounced as `` stank '' - this is unacceptable . Another area of concern is that the pronouncer in this unit uses `` monophthong '' , so much so that in certain words diphthongs are minimized to an extent that it is inaudible . This report comes from the first critical examination . There are six more critical examinations . At this point , I would not suggest anyone to buy this product .
 I purchased this product for my hearing impaired , adult student who is reading at a first grade level . Because the student has no one at home to help him practice , he might be able to type in a word that is troublesome and be told what it is . However , the speaker is in the back of this device and when the volume is turned up , the speech is garbled and full of static . Speaker on the front would be a great improvement .
 The conference phone ordered from the Price Pros may or may not have been functional . Either way , it was not the right item for the system we had in our small business office , so we returned it . First it took the Price Pros forever to give us an RMA # , then it took forever to get credit . Perhaps this all could have been avoided had they posted an accurate description for the item on Amazon .
 Assembly was difficult because one part arrived bent and was difficult to bend back into its original shape.The storage would be much more useful if the width were increased by .5 inches because you ca n't put a manilla folder in flat though it will take normal 8.5 by 11 inch paper.In the end , this product did not meet my needs .
 This product has BioPro 's first technology . Not that is will not work but I would suggest that one look at alternatives . The new product on the street both via Multiline Marketing and direct merchandising is scalar energy . Scalar Energy looks like the science of tomorrow and gets away from the SRT and MRT so to speak technology . Google Scalar Energy and read the science not the MLM 's advertising . The BarronReport from 2001 and any article you can get about Nikole Tesla , the discover of Scalar Energy . A Scalar Energy pendant will emit longitudinal energy 1.75 feet out from the body . I would recommend this first and the fon chip after .
 I ordered black ink pens and they sent me red ink pens . Thanks a lot guys . On a positive note , the useless red pens got here pretty quickly .
 The description for this product is wrong -- the seller sent only individual pencils , not a box of a dozen which the listing implies . I wanted five boxes and got only 5 individual pencils . The seller has n't responded to my feedback nor have they changed the product description .
 We are currently using the Avery 4021 Avery 4021 Dot matrix printer white addressing labels , 3 x 15/16 , 4 across , 20000/box , but are experiencing a lot of paper jams on our IBM 6400 printer . The paper that the labels are mounted on appears to be extremely light and the feeding tractors rip it very easily , causing paper jams , wasted labels , and multiple reprints to get what we need . The tractor margin also seems a bit wider than the last box that we had . We have been using these same labels for several years and this box is really giving us problems.I have been trying to use less tension , but then the print quality seems to be less , too.We have had the printer checked by a qualified technician , but no easy solution to this problem has been found .
 Amazon could make it a little clearer that the binding on this notebook is * not * sewn but glued .
 Somewhat naively , I ordered this product believing that I was purchasing a `` 6 pack '' of note books , as is clearly indicated in the add . I received , however , only one . Moreover , when one factors in the cost of the postage , which is almost as much as the item itself , this turns out to be far from a good value buy . Indeed , one is far better off buying one from a local stationers if you can locate one that sells such notebooks.Why is it so difficult to purchase simple , reasonably priced , quality note books that are designed for adult academic use ? The market is flooded with overpriced executive , designer nonsense , on the one hand , and dreadful Disney type stuff for school children on the other !
 I need a guest book for a busy visitor 's center where tourists come , so they can enter their names , addresses -LRB- home town -RRB- and leave comments about the facility.This book is for a business to record visitors ' license plates , who they 're visiting at the company , time in and time out . The description on this item was '' Columns for Date , Name , Address , Time , Remarks . Holds more than 1,500 entries . White ledger paper . 112 pages , 14 lines per page . '' There is no column for remarks.Completely misleading . It was the exact book I did not want , now have wasted a week of time , and must go through the hassle of returning it .
 If I had had an opportunity to view the pages up close I would have known that it was n't what I wanted . The WilsonJones S490 Visitor Register is what I was looking for and found .
 We 'll give the unit two stars instead of one , since when it does work , it works well , with nice print-outs . But in a span of two + years , its has needed its drum replaced three times . And has once needed the main system/circuit board replaced . We 'd purchased this back when it cost about $ 125 more than it does now . And the parts have not been quickly available from some vendors . We should have bought the heavier-duty Brother 4750 which we use in another office , and has been flawless .
 The fax machine as Brother manufactures them are really good machines but the seller from which this particular machine was purchased is most decidedly guilty of false advertising as it was advertised as being in very good condition & refurbished . In actuality of the 4 paper trays , 2 top 2 bottom , 3 were missing and the 4th was broken and missing the broken parts . It faxes and copies OK but some of the electronic functions are not acurate , having just installed a new toner cartridge it still reads change drum soon , indicating it is low on toner . I would highly recommend Brother IntelliFAX but , in the same light , highly recommend not buying from the seller this machine came from . In the past I have always had good reviews of items purchased through Amazon.com but it is inevitable that there will be a rotten apple in the bunch in regards to the people who seek to sell via Amazon.com , surely Amazon.com will weed out the rotten apple I bought from .
 This is not a bad machine , as far as sending and receiving faxes quickly and clearly . But we 've had the machine in our small office -LRB- one of 3 faxes in a 13-person law firm -RRB- for six months now , and we 've already spent as much in toner as we have on the machine itself . You 'll need a new toner cartridge ... every 2 months if you print 50 pages a day . At that same rate , you 'll also need a new toner drum ... every six-eight months . Outrageous .
 I bought this fax machine today and set in up according to instructions . I have a phone number set up with distinctive ring on a line I share between both voice and fax calls . Unfortunately , the fax will not answer the distinctive ring . It is the most common ring pattern and the programming is correct , but it still does n't work.When I called Brother 's Technical Support , they explained that distinctive ring will not work if the phone line is longer than the 4.5 foot cord they supplied . In fact they require that you use their phone cord . This seems bogus in view of the fact that my old Canon faxphone worked fine with distinctive ring for the last three years . When I hooked up the 2800 directly to my wall jack using their cord , it still did n't work . They had no explanation , so it is being returned tomorrow.This may be a great fax machine , but if a basic feature like distinctive ring does n't work , one has to wonder how the rest of the machine will hold up ?
 I 've had many fax machines and this one , when it worked , certainly was n't the worst of the bunch . Problem is , the auto document feed tray is cheesy . No matter how many times I smoothed , then fanned the paper , it would accept two to five sheets at a time . If I fed one at a time , this unit worked like a champ . Unfortunately , that can be said of most units . I 've had good Brother machines in the past , and probably will buy another , better , Brother fax . This one got me so frustrated I threw it out the back door . It 's still laying there , only there seems to be more pieces now .
 If you 're going to use this machine for light use , it probably is suitable . However , we receive about 50 fax pages per day , which to me is a moderate amount of pages . Within one year of purchasing this machine , we now find that the drum cartridge needs to be replaced . Not a biggie ??? Guess again ! A drum cartridge for this questionable quality machine costs $ 175.00 . Couple this cost with the fact that the hand set only works when the connecting cord is in certain positions ... and you 'll figure out why the future of my Brother PPF-2800 will be as a an anchor for my remote controlled sailboat .
 This product has the same model ID as what is sold in the stores . However , it is a different product . The bad is design is the same , but it has a thinner frame to it and definitely not as heavy duty . I was Dissappointed in how this was sold
 When this item arrived , it was not the Fellowes brand , it was some no name brand . Nonetheless , it does not provide any support for my back and does not even stay up on my office chair . Thankfully it was inexpensive so I do n't feel so bad that I bought this .
 This item sucks ... I tried my friend 's one -LRB- which she said was only $ 2 -RRB- and it was so comfortable . I saw this and thought it was the same product but its obviously not . I 'm very petite and only 105 lbs ... I can barely feel the support on my back . I would return it but its so cheap that there 's no point in going through the trouble . Do n't waste your time or money . I would give no stars if I could .
 This backwrest is not worth the $ $ . It threw my back out after two weeks !! Now I am paying for chiropractor visits . No wonder it was so cheap .
 This back rest does not stay in place on the chair . I spend half my day adjusting this thing as it slips all over the place . It is cheap and does not provide good support . The mesh gives too much so you sink into the chair back anyway . Spend a little extra and get one with better support .
 I have a desk job and needed something to give the small of my back some support . I spent about a half hour trying to get the support into a good position and have come to the conclusion that the material is simply too flexible to offer the kind of support I was hoping for . Perhaps it was the combination of chair and the back support , but this product was essentially useless to me .
 I was expecting this lumbar support to actually do what it says - support my lower back in my work chair . However , the material is flexible , so when you lean back on it , it goes back with you . Not very supportive ! I gave it to a co-worker , and she had to ball up her jacket and stick it between the chair and this back support for it to even remotely begin to help . You might as well save your money and find an old blanket to put behind you in your chair instead of buying this .
 Item almost did n't fit my chair in my office . It provides just a small amount of support when more was need and expected .
 I just got similiar one at dollar store for yes $ 1 !!! Also , saw at Target for $ 1 !!! Thought I would try the Good Karma thing and pass it along !!!
 This is a waist of money . I was hoping to have back support ... . But my back is still up against the chair .
 Easy to assemble , but table top was damaged -LRB- two chips about the size of a dime -RRB- . Supplier offered to pick up and replace , but considering the return hassle & intended use , I patched the chips & kept the item .
 I am a long-time Amazon customer and recently began searching for leathermouse pads as gifts for my employees and our clients . Found this item andjust want to share a note of caution with you : Bonded Leather , or `` Reconstituted Leather '' is not really a true leatherbut a man-made material composed of 60 % to 90 % leather fibers -LRB- often scrapfrom leather tanneries -RRB- . Bonded leather is not as durable as genuineleathers , and is recommended for use only if the product will be usedinfrequently . -LRB- data from WIKIPEDIA online -RRB- There are many true genuine leather mouse pads from other vendors and atbetter prices ! Amazon may also have some , keep searching , but rememberonly the words `` GENUINE LEATHER '' or equal terminology should appear inthe description .
 I bought this from a retail store thinking that a 9 '' trimmer would cut 9 '' construction paper . Wrong ... there is nothing on the box that indicates that it only cuts paper up to 8.5 '' wide so I went ahead and picked this one over the ones that said 8.5 '' . I guess I will need to get a 12 '' one for 9 '' paper and I 'm hoping to return this one to the craft store.For projects with paper 8.5 '' or less it works pretty well , although the blade at the very top was a little rough and took some force to bring the cutting blade down . It looked like there were some burrs on the blade but is not a design flaw , just a minor problem with this blade only .
 I used this trimmer for only a short time to trim about 25 standard 4x6 photos . After that I could not get the guillotine blade more than half way closed . After close inspection , I found that the metal edge attached to the base had been `` filed '' away by the slicer!Also , the little clear plastic guard that is supposed to hold your paper securely in place is very wobbly top-to-bottom as well as sideways . Very , very disappointed in this product .
 We already had what I thought was the same product as this one , but apparently they changed the way it is made from the one we bought 2 years ago . All of the shelves are plain cardboard like the one we already had but the way the shelves are held in place is the worst design that I have ever seen . It took 2 of us , who have over 50 years of equipment construction experience between us , way to long to assemble this product and most of the shelves are still uneven . The unit we bought before did not use metal clips that keep falling out while you are trying to put it together . They had to be held in with double stick tape to keep them from falling out and are very hard to keep in place while you are trying to assemble it . The unit is still usable for what our needs are , but I would not purchase this product again and would not recommend that anyone else ever buy this product .
 I 'm usually accepting of design and quality problems , depending on price , but the Safco 7121 Value Sorter brings both of these qualities to a new low . I put it together for someone in our office , and felt the need to review it to warn people.The shelves are cardboard . Not `` fiber board , '' unless cardboard falls into that distinction in your mind . It does n't for me . The plastic pieces that are put on the sides and ends of the shelves are flimsy and offer little strength to the shelves.I recommend this product as a definite `` avoid . ''
 Very disappointed with the storage compartments , they are made of cardboard and the specification when i ordered them were
 We bought this because it seemed like it was cheaper for the same product as other retailers . However , it took FOREVER to put together - SO many pieces , and the shelves within are cardboard , not metal . The whole thing itself needs to be anchored to the wall or it is not very sturdy .
 We bought 2 of these sorters for our sales office to organize all of our literature from the different supply companies we use . It was n't the cheapest option we found but we decided to go with this product due to all of the space it offered and the design . We would be able to secure it against the wall and it would be a convenient way for our salesmen to find what they need quickly . Upon ordering , it stated we 'd have to wait several weeks for it to be shipped . Although we were hoping to have it right away , we decided it would be okay to wait . It took about 3 weeks for the first sorter to arrive and another week for the 2nd to arrive although they were ordered together . The tracking for these packages were both off . I got an email prior to delivery of both packages to inform me that they tried to make the delivery but because no one was in the office , they would have to try again although when I checked , they were in different states and had inaccurate information about expected delivery dates . Upon getting the first sorter , we opened everything up to begin and ALL of the hardware was missing . I looked through the entire box and inside all of the metal shelves because many of the pieces were stored within them , I suppose for safe keeping . I called Safco immediately and although she was very nice , the woman I spoke to urged me to look again and call her back if the pieces were indeed missing . I called again once I double checked and spoke to someone else . She ordered me the screws and fasteners at no charge to our company.We received the 2nd sorter the following week and decided to inspect to make sure the hardware was included in this packaging . Once we found the pieces , we decided to put the sorter together so we could have atleast one up and operable . That 's when we discovered that the plastic trim strips that go on the front of the sorter to hide the cardboard were n't all there . Extremely frustrated after spending over $ 500 on these products , I again called Safco . I expressed my frustration to the customer service representative and after asking to have the additional pieces that were missing shipped overnight to our office , he informed me that the reason those pieces were missing was because they were on BACK ORDER ! I could n't understand why the would ship a product without all the pieces knowing that they did n't have everything they need . We would have been more than understanding if they would 've contacted us to let us know about the back order and that there would be a delay but the only contact we had with them was when I called them . He told me that they do n't have any control over what goes into the box because they get boxed up in Thailand . I asked to speak to a manager after going back and forth about what could be done . At first he refused and after pushing and pushing , he put me on hold and came back on the line a moment later to let me know that the supervisor was away from her desk . Finally we came to the conclusion that they would ship us overnight a whole new sorter so that we could get the parts we needed and toss out everything additional . After wasting enough of my time , I finally decided that if they would send out the new sorter and have it to us by the next day , I would just let it go . I could n't talk to him any longer . Although the package came the next day as promised , it was the wrong sorter . We decided to cut our losses and not contact these morons again . I hope you will think twice before purchasing this product !
 Never get to use it because it is too big . I thought I order the wrong size and did not find out until weeks later .
 We already had what I thought was the same product as this one , but apparently they changed the way it is made from the one we bought 2 years ago . All of the shelves are plain cardboard like the one we already had but the way the shelves are held in place is the worst design that I have ever seen . It took 2 of us , who have over 50 years of equipment construction experience between us , way to long to assemble this product and most of the shelves are still uneven . The unit we bought before did not use metal clips that keep falling out while you are trying to put it together . They had to be held in with double stick tape to keep them from falling out and are very hard to keep in place while you are trying to assemble it . The unit is still usable for what our needs are , but I would not purchase this product again and would not recommend that anyone else ever buy this product .
 I 'm usually accepting of design and quality problems , depending on price , but the Safco 7121 Value Sorter brings both of these qualities to a new low . I put it together for someone in our office , and felt the need to review it to warn people.The shelves are cardboard . Not `` fiber board , '' unless cardboard falls into that distinction in your mind . It does n't for me . The plastic pieces that are put on the sides and ends of the shelves are flimsy and offer little strength to the shelves.I recommend this product as a definite `` avoid . ''
 Very disappointed with the storage compartments , they are made of cardboard and the specification when i ordered them were
 We bought this because it seemed like it was cheaper for the same product as other retailers . However , it took FOREVER to put together - SO many pieces , and the shelves within are cardboard , not metal . The whole thing itself needs to be anchored to the wall or it is not very sturdy .
 We bought 2 of these sorters for our sales office to organize all of our literature from the different supply companies we use . It was n't the cheapest option we found but we decided to go with this product due to all of the space it offered and the design . We would be able to secure it against the wall and it would be a convenient way for our salesmen to find what they need quickly . Upon ordering , it stated we 'd have to wait several weeks for it to be shipped . Although we were hoping to have it right away , we decided it would be okay to wait . It took about 3 weeks for the first sorter to arrive and another week for the 2nd to arrive although they were ordered together . The tracking for these packages were both off . I got an email prior to delivery of both packages to inform me that they tried to make the delivery but because no one was in the office , they would have to try again although when I checked , they were in different states and had inaccurate information about expected delivery dates . Upon getting the first sorter , we opened everything up to begin and ALL of the hardware was missing . I looked through the entire box and inside all of the metal shelves because many of the pieces were stored within them , I suppose for safe keeping . I called Safco immediately and although she was very nice , the woman I spoke to urged me to look again and call her back if the pieces were indeed missing . I called again once I double checked and spoke to someone else . She ordered me the screws and fasteners at no charge to our company.We received the 2nd sorter the following week and decided to inspect to make sure the hardware was included in this packaging . Once we found the pieces , we decided to put the sorter together so we could have atleast one up and operable . That 's when we discovered that the plastic trim strips that go on the front of the sorter to hide the cardboard were n't all there . Extremely frustrated after spending over $ 500 on these products , I again called Safco . I expressed my frustration to the customer service representative and after asking to have the additional pieces that were missing shipped overnight to our office , he informed me that the reason those pieces were missing was because they were on BACK ORDER ! I could n't understand why the would ship a product without all the pieces knowing that they did n't have everything they need . We would have been more than understanding if they would 've contacted us to let us know about the back order and that there would be a delay but the only contact we had with them was when I called them . He told me that they do n't have any control over what goes into the box because they get boxed up in Thailand . I asked to speak to a manager after going back and forth about what could be done . At first he refused and after pushing and pushing , he put me on hold and came back on the line a moment later to let me know that the supervisor was away from her desk . Finally we came to the conclusion that they would ship us overnight a whole new sorter so that we could get the parts we needed and toss out everything additional . After wasting enough of my time , I finally decided that if they would send out the new sorter and have it to us by the next day , I would just let it go . I could n't talk to him any longer . Although the package came the next day as promised , it was the wrong sorter . We decided to cut our losses and not contact these morons again . I hope you will think twice before purchasing this product !
 Although the description of this tape says it fits my Dad 's typewriter , it does n't . Another scam in the WWW
 This was an OK camera way back when ... and I do mean WAY back , like 2003 . I 've had this for years , but if I turned it on more than once or twice a year , that would be about it ... until recently . I 'm a latecomer to Skype , but installed it and found that this Veo stingray webcam just wo n't work with it . Thought about updating the drivers but found that the one I have , from 2004 , is the most recent one available . Since I have a need to finally get into Skype , I will be buying a more recent model webcam .
 Got the Item very quickly . But not very pleased with the quility.Can ' t get a clear picture .
 If you do n't want to spend a lot of money , this is a good choice . It gets the job done and the built-in mic performs very well . On the downside , the image quality is only average at best , with a low refresh rate , and poor performance in low light .
 Has a nice look to it , but with Windows XP that 's pretty much all you get . I looked up the error message from installing the software and the site said the cam might not be getting enough power through the USB port , however , the camera heated up pretty well . So much to the point where I could smell it . Instead of tinkering with it further , back to the store it will go tomarrow .
 This camera sucks !!! Installation was very easy , just follow the directions . But , the image quality was horrible . It was very dark , very grainy . I could not adjust any of the settings because if I did I would get a garbage picture , and sometimes it would just freeze and stop capturing video all together.Get a Creative Labs NX Pro instead , its the same price and 1000x better .
 There is much better out there for the same money . The Creative NX pro for example . Webcam is very sensitive to lighting conditions , poor with showing correct colors and hard to stay in focus . Save your money .
 Sounds simple enough ... install the software , plug in the camera . Wrong . You name a problem you can have with your Windows system , this product finds it and pulls the trigger ... from ` Add Hardware ' loops to missing drivers , ... etc. . You name . It 's like installing a car accident . Stay away . You 've been warned .
 i have the veo advanced connect , it has worked one time , when i ` am on a web site everyone esle can see but i can not see any thing that is being shared they can see me but i can not see my self on the screen?can some one let me know what the problem is ????????
 I 've been using WebCams since 95 , and have gone through tons of Cams since the Connectix QuickCam 1.0 . That was a great little cam , and even the Color 2.0 rocked . After the USB hit the market and Logitech bought Connectix , they released the QuickCam VC . This was by far the worst camera I 'd ever used.Tonight , I picked up a Veo Advanced Connect at a steal -LRB- clearance at a local store -RRB- . It looks nice . But after plugging it in , I fail to understand how anyone could make a camera in this class which is actually WORSE than the QuickCam VC !! Even those pathetic little $ 8 Pen cams work better than this ! Plenty of light , and like everyone else ... RED . Having some experience with WebCams -LRB- CCD and CMOS cameras in general -RRB- , I 'm used to tweaking settings . The more I tweak with this , the worse it works . At a `` resonable '' level , the camera is too slow to pick up changes in expression , and if they actually turn their head , you wo n't see anything for several seconds.Now ... A lot of people might say that 's what they expect , as they 're used to lots of cams looking like this over a modem ... But I 'm running this by USB 2.0 at 320x200 , connecting over a LAN to another computer in the living room ! I should have PERFECT clarity!I can not stress enough how bad this thing is . In 60 watt lamp light , the best quality I can get is 1 second exposure at 1 frame per 3 seconds . This is so bad , I 'm actually looking forward to the sorry 10 frames per second on the five-year-old QuickCam VC.You can find HUNDREDS of cams better than this Veo trash , all in the same price range .
 This webcam does n't work with NetMeeting . You can see the video but you can not get audio . Their marketing materials approach -LSB- is bad -RSB- since they package NetMeeting on the installation CD to give the impression that the camera works with NetMeeting . The Advance Connect has a built in microphone , but Veo 's own technical support pages have the following sentence
 I was able to install it quickly and it `` worked '' OK.The problem was the picture . It had the worst looking picture I have ever seen on a webcam . I looked in the troubleshooting guide and it said nothing about picture quality . I played with all the settings and only made it worse ... Do n't make the same mistake I made !
 My husband bought this web cam for me for our anniversary . I was really excited to get it set up . I have had nothing but problems with the set up . All kind of error messages . I still have not been able to get it going . So I really do not know if it works very well or not since it wo n't install properly . I have never had any problems installing any products I have bought in the past . I am taking this back .
 Bought this one about seven days ago , looked pretty sturdy , good base and flatscreen support . All drivers worked without problems , was able to do some video chat with friends via yahoo and messenger ... HOWEVER , the video images it produces are VERY dark -LRB- even if you have a bright room -RRB- and very saturated in RED ... Sturdy design , BAD video images ... -LRB- i am sending it back . . -RRB-
 i bought this for my office and for a day room for children . It is too dark to see clearly or be of interest to children due to poor contrast
 I ordered my first one , and figured out how to link with my computer ; it was easy to use , and seemed to be perfect for my needs . Then I noticed a `` line '' of the diplay was missing , making it difficult to read . I reset it , then called the company . They immediately sent me a new one . A week or two later , the same thing happened to this one . I am not going to spend a lot of time entering info into a product that wo n't work . Also , the address book does not seem compatible with Excel or any other product , so the only record you will have of it is the one that comes with the software . I would rather have one that I could use for other purposes .
 I think that the Rolodex I received was a notch above a plastic piece of junk . It is clumsy to operate and if I had known this is what it consisted of , I would not have ordered it.Allen Baron
 dissapointed , picture showed item same as one being replaced.received item was not the pictured stapler .
 Not worth the money . Very thin and flimsy . The fasteners inside were barely attached . If any amount of stress were placed on fasteners , they would fall apart . Will send this back .
 After two months with this phone , I 'll be replacing it this week . We had a power outage today and our base unit no longer boots . I will say that we had a short period -LRB- 30 seconds -RRB- with low voltage ; however , this is the only device in my house that no longer works at all .
 There were 2 pens ordered
 Not much to say . This pen feels cheap when held . It is light and the material is VERY `` plasticy . '' Writes fine . The `` gold plated '' parts of the pen also seem cheap and gimmicky like the rest of the pen.Another note regarding the seller , the pen arrived with light abrasions and scratching on the cap . Clearly a used pen or the `` floor model . '' Not happy , but not worth the hassle of tracking them down and hounding them for my $ 30 . In sum , avoid this seller and avoid this pen .
 They are nice and bright but the glue that holds the folds together is sparse and/or defective . I have to add tape , stickers or more glue to keep the envelope 's contents from coming out .
 While the paper quality is reasonable for recycled material -LRB- it has the consistency of newsprint -RRB- , the pages are not properly perforated . It is impossible to cleanly remove sheets from these pads without tearing your notes . Unless you intend to leave the pages bound together , find another pad .
 I bought this pen from J&R ; and not only was it not very heavy , it lacked the lacquared look.I have had this pen for a few months and the gold ring on the top just broke off.I have had Waterman 's before and this pen from J&R ; is definitely a counterfit .
 I bought these before and they were great ! This time they were awful as the badges did not separate . I had to cut everyone with a scissor to get them apart . I do n't know if they changed the product or if I just got a lemon of a package .
 Normally I am very pleased with Avery products , but these did n't meet my expectations . I had to feed these sheets into my high-volume laser printer individually ; putting a stack of about 10 on the printer tray caused jams on two separate occasions.The labels stayed on a lot of fabrics and did n't curl too much but after a full day a lot of people had lost theirs . I had to press mine back onto my shirt several times during the day to prevent it from falling off . That said , these stayed on better than the OfficeMax labels I had tried previously . Might be time to invest in plastic badge hangers .
 I do n't know how they dare to call these paper thin sheets `` cards '' . They are no better than a sheet of printing paper . The word `` Card '' gave the impression that it would be something with more substance , like the Rolodex Cards , not these flimsy , card wannabes . However , when I contacted Avery , they were very apologetic and offered replacement . While they may have this one inferior product , I 've used other Avery products in the past and they were acceptable , some even good . Avery has EXCELLENT customer service and they appear to really care abt what customers think . Kudos to Avery !
 I purchased these because we have an older rolodex at work that requires cards this size . I was not interested in being able to print them from my computer . I found them to be very flimsy and I know that once I tore them apart & put them in the rolodex they would not hold up . I returned them .
 Bought at Office Max , tried Avery word 3.1 plug in did not work with Office 2007 , went to Avery website looking for tutorial no luck , returning to Office Max ! Beware , went to Avery website to research product , registered left negative feedback about product , there where no reviews at the time , next day there are 2 five star reviews but you cant read them and they never posted mine ! Shame on you Avery will steer clear of these products in the future !
 SIXTY SEVEN DOLLARS for a box of badges . After a couple years these cheap plastic badges were so shriveled and lumpy that they were an embarrassment to hand out to our guests ! Even with the card placed in , they would not uncurl ! They looked like I stored them in water ! I was so disgusted I wrote to Avery and they ignored my concerns . I guess I 'd have to pay hundreds to expect quality . Obsurd ! If you buy them , use them up right away , or better yet , stay away from them ! It 's a huge rip off !
 There are much more user friendly readers out there . For military go with the SCR331 .
 These name badges are junk . I love Avery products . The software templates are great and can be used in WORD to pull names from an excel file , and are extreemly flexible . You can for example make a column for first name in the excell spread sheet , and then in the avery template , make this 72 points , so their first name stands out . However , the hanging name badges are too thin , the corners break off , and the pre-pounched holes are not punched well . You feed a string through the holes that has a metal end on it and it is not easy to punch trough the plastic -LRB- via the pre-punched holes -RRB- . Once you get the string through the hole , you have to tie a couple knots so the string does not come back out -LRB- i.e. the metal piece does not work -RRB- . Avery should punch a smaller hole , and it should be better punched.I am in charge of registration for an upcoming conference for 300 people . I am just glad that I got the hanging name tags early to try them out , so that I can return these to the store and find some better ones . I do not want to tie 600 knots !
 First , the avery on line template does not come up when you put the number in their search engine.Second , after an hour creating a label , I kept getting messages that I needed three more things -LRB- different versions of Adobe , etc. -RRB- in order to print up the badge . I called Avery 's help line and they verified that fact -- and the fact that they did n't have this requirement on the planning sheet.When I downloaded what I thought I needed , then I could n't download the template . And Aavery wants to capture your e-mail and name to let you use their templates.Word and Pages wo n't work for this product.Soooooo -- I 've weasted hours on this project . Fair warning to all .
 The item came damaged and looked used , had to be returned . They were not usable at all so it was a pain in the hind end .
 These name badges are junk . I love Avery products . The software templates are great and can be used in WORD to pull names from an excel file , and are extreemly flexible . You can for example make a column for first name in the excell spread sheet , and then in the avery template , make this 72 points , so their first name stands out . However , the hanging name badges are too thin , the corners break off , and the pre-pounched holes are not punched well . You feed a string through the holes that has a metal end on it and it is not easy to punch trough the plastic -LRB- via the pre-punched holes -RRB- . Once you get the string through the hole , you have to tie a couple knots so the string does not come back out -LRB- i.e. the metal piece does not work -RRB- . Avery should punch a smaller hole , and it should be better punched.I am in charge of registration for an upcoming conference for 300 people . I am just glad that I got the hanging name tags early to try them out , so that I can return these to the store and find some better ones . I do not want to tie 600 knots!I looked at other hanging name tags that I had hanging in a closet from previous conferences I had been to , and I found most were of thicker plastic and many also had a clip on the back so they could be used for a hanging name tag or a clip on name tag . These are much more versitile and have no knots tied on the back , i.e. they work !
 Received old , yellowed labels in another language . Not as pictured here . Fortunately i am just planning to use them as labels for my homemade wine . If i needed them for any other purpose i would return them as they are NOT what i ordered.UPDATE
 Not sure if my particular seller was selling seconds or not , but I would be surprised if Avery would allow such lackadaisical quality control . Several of my sheets of dots were clearly on the end of the ink run and were faded or had only partial coloring on them .
 These are extremely thin and slick and would not recommend them to anyone . . A waste of money . .
 Well , it works withthe printed documents , works really well but it is too expensive fot its purpose
 Not nearly as efficient as I had hoped . This is an upgrade from my last electric pencil sharpener.As a band director , we always need a good supply of sharpened pencils . Unfortunately this Stanley does not make the grade - very slow to get a point on a new pencil , sometimes over a minute . Does not sharpen evenly around the entire circumference.Guess I 'll keep looking .
 Pros
 This thing blatantly forces you to waste tape . This is n't simply about an extensive margin , these boobs make you cut every label MANUALLY ! An entire INCH of tape is wasted with every label . You simply have to cut it off . With every label , it has a 1 inch leader , marked with a colon so you know where to cut with SCISSORS!Brother label machines are normally great , but this thing has to be the most disappointing product I have ever seen from Brother . I hope somebody launches a class-action over this because they do not disclose that you will waste an inch of tape with EVERY PRINTING.I got this cheap from -LSB- ... -RSB- , so once the cartridge that came with it runs out I 'll throw it in the toilet tank to help conserve water .
 How do you print file folder labels correctly ? the documentation does n't tell you . Customer service does n't answer . It probably is easy but who would know . If feel like stomping on the machine .
 this product is so bad that I have to write my first amazon review to warn you not to buy it.the worst of all , this labeler wastes tape by 2x and there is no way to adjust.moreover , it is extremely annoying that usually the printed label font size is not what you expect.just do n't buy it !
 Purchased this for the office crew and can not believe that any company sells a product like this without the ac power supply . Are you kidding me ? Is Brother so desperate for additional revenue streams that they do n't bump the price $ 5 and include the adapter ? I am sending them the 9 receipts for batteries that I have had to constantly replace in this unit and demanding a refund for those additional expenses.FAIL ! Shame on you Brother ! What a pathetic way to supply your customers with what they need !
 Do n't know if the labeler is good or not as it arrived and did not work . Tech and Office should wrap products in bubble wrap or somekind of cushion - this labeler was just thrown in a box and shipped UPS . Any company that has been around for 1 or 2 hours knows howboxes are handled by UPS.This company needs to hire someone who cares about their job and would package items the way that person would like to recieve theirs .
 Unlike other Brother models I 've used , this one insists on wasting a full inch of leader on every label -LRB- and the same on a trailer , unless you override that -RRB- . Even if you adjust the trailer length , it still puts the wasted leader on the front , then adds dots to tell you where to MANUALLY cut off the excess . NOT an acceptable solution.What 's worse , there 's no way to know this before you start to use it - even the instructions do n't directly state it , but only talk around the subject , so you waste a lot of labels trying to adjust the leader before figuring it out .
 This is not a user-friendly machine . We have to keep the instructions on hand all the time . No one in my office knows how to use it , and it wastes one inch of tape per label . I 've got a busy office of day traders and they 're standing around with scissors like kindergarten children cutting these labels down to fit their files . Its a waste of time , not to mention the over-priced label tape.I have a Brother PT-65 at home which I love , its so user friendly I do n't think I have picked up the instructions once . The labels cost 1/2 the price and it does n't waste as much . I recommend that one instead .
 On the 5th time using the machine , the tape got stuck real bad inside the machine . There was no way for us to get it out without damaging the unit . Since the machine was still under warranty , I called customer service and requested a replacement . Do you know what they said
 My old Brother typewriter was great , but for this labeler the ribbon malfunctioned right out of the box and Brother would not send me a replacement . I was very disheartened to find they would not back their product .
 I have older P-Touch machines at work so I 'm familiar with their products . I do n't like this because of the manual cutter and also the unit I received had a dim LCD display . Another issue was that I could n't get my 6 volt power adapter to work well on the machine . It would power all of the functions except for the printing . This unit required a 6-8 volt input -LRB- could n't find the current spec -RRB- and buying the recommended P-touch power adapter makes the overall price of the unit too expensive .
 What an incredible waste of money . As others say , the tape wastage is huge . Also , no adapter and to top it off I ca n't see the typing on the stupid screen . I have to get real close and in just the right light or I ca n't tell how it 's set or what it 's going to print . Back it goes !
 This item comes with many of the needed items missing . Read the description very carefully as the picture and descriptions are not in sync with each other . The picture shows three colors of tape . The product is supposed to ship per the desciption with only one &#34; sample &#34; tape . -LRB- I did n't even receive that one ! -RRB- The item can use an ac adapter , but per the description this is not included . You might have expected that this type of standard item was included , but it is not . Once you start buying all of the necessary items needed to make this product truly functional from a practical standpoint , it becomes a very costly purchase . Go to Costco and buy the label maker there . It 's a much better value in the long run .
 This product wastes as much tape as it uses to print each label . This is no exaggeration , this thing wastes like crazy . It 's almost funny that someone would design a product like this ; apparently Brother wants to get rich on tape sales - at our expense . I wo n't be buying any other Brother products after this experience .
 I 'm not even going to bother talking about the features on this thing . The fact that Brother has the nerve to sell a unit without including the proprietary AC adaptor is bad enough in itself to warrant 1 star . Buyer beware
 This thing is a real pain to use.They 've changed the `` Function key '' format from previous generations , which used to work similar to a standard laptop keyboard FN button.Press the function/code key , and each regular key had a corresponding FN `` blue line '' above it.No more.Now you must click the function key multiple times , to scroll through all the available functions . AND , to boot , the default function for `` clear all '' is to `` Clear the text and the for font '' , which will reset the font to the Largest size . Many more keystrokes , for what used to be simple.I 'd equate the key functionality , to the Microsoft Office 2007 upgrade , a slap in the face to users who were used to a product that worked.If you can still get your hands on a PT-1750 I would HIGHLY recommend that model over this . It leaves the user with something new to learn , and veers away from the established `` keyboard standard '' of combo keys for functions . It 's simply a bad call by the product designers.Looking at the photos of the other `` current '' newer Brother models , they `` appear '' in their product photos , to have this new `` function key '' layout .
 STAY AWAY FROM THESE UNIDEN PHONES ! WE PURCHASD THE TRU9380-3 -LRB- SAME SYSTEM BUT WITH 2 HANDSETS INSTEAD OF 1 -RRB- AND THEY ECHOED INTERMITTENTLY DURING USE - WHO WANTS TO HEAR YOUR OWN VOICE ECHOING BACK AT YOU ? BUT WORSE - WHEN WE MOVED THE PHONES TO DUST , THE TWO CHARGING UNITS PULLED THE FINISH OFF OUR GOOD FURNITURE ! WHEN WE CONTACTED UNIDEN THEY ASKED US TO SUBMIT PICTURES - WHICH WE EMAILED . THEN THEY ASKED FOR DETAILS AS TO WHAT CLEANING AGENTS WE HAD USED ON OUR FURNITURE - WE HAD USED NOTHING BUT A DUST CLOTH . THEN THEY ASKED US TO SEND THEM ESTIMATES AS TO THE COST OF REPAIRING THE FURNITURE - WHICH WE DID . THEN THEY ASKED US TO SEND BACK THE PHONES FOR ANALYSIS - WHICH WE DID . AFTER ALL THAT , THEY SENT US A LETTER STATING THAT IT WAS NOT THEIR FAULT THAT WE PLACED THE PHONES ON OUR FURNITURE . THEY REFUSED TO PAY FOR THE DAMAGE CAUSED BY THE PHONES OR EVEN REFUND OUR PURCHASE PRICE . THERE IS NO WARNING IN THE MANUAL ABOUT PLACING THE PHONES ON FURNITURE AND THE PHONES ARE NOT TOO ACCESSIBLE FROM THE FLOOR ! SO SAVE YOUR MONEY AND THE COST OF REPAIRING YOUR FURNITURE AND DO N'T BUY UNIDEN !
 I REALLY regret buying these . I gave it an extra star because it has a good eraser.BIC Mechanical Pencil with Metallic Color Barrels 0.7 mm 18ct , Black -LRB- MPLMP18-Blk -RRB- My reccomendation is in the link above .
 I purchased these early in the summer as a part of the upcoming school supplies . Shame on me for not checking that each pen had ink . Half of them had white tips -LRB- no ink -RRB- . By this time , I had thrown the boxes out . Check your order so you can return it if need be !
 Winsome Wood Step Stool , NaturalI wanted a stool that did not take up too much space in my small apartment . It arrived one day after I ordered it , so much that I wondered if it was shipped from the building next door . It was difficult to assembly , in fact , if it were not so difficult to remove the screws , I would pack it up and return it . It is still unassembled after several hours , taking up space that I do not have . My thumb , index and middle fingers are all swollen from screwing and unscrewing the parts ; together , then apart , then together again . I would have preferred to pay an extra $ 10 for the product , to cover the cost of factory assemlby , and pay the shipping for it to be shipped in a bigger box and have the use of the product straight from the box . People with arthritis or tendonitis in the hand SHOULD NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! I give it one star because the wood was as they described and the pieces are smooth and polished .
 Cheap piece of plastic . Useless as a mouse pad . I ca n't believe they 'd even dare call this thing a mouse pad -- it 's a slippery piece of laminate that 's as thin as a sheet of paper -LRB- or piece of laminate -RRB- . Complete WASTE of money ! If I could , it would get a Zero , but you can not post a review with a zero , so I had to give it 1 star .
 When I bought this mousepad I thought it was a Mouse PAD , not a piece of plastic . It was rather uncomfortable to use and little different from me just using my optical mouse on my table .
 This company really does n't have it together . The product was shipped months late , then was defected . After several attempts at getting a new , undamaged part -LRB- this took several more months -RRB- they claimed they could n't get one from the factory overseas . Then they supposedly reimbursed me without even informing me , but needless to say , I still have n't seen the credit . I really recommend NOT buying from Home Decorators .
 The phone works great from hotspots all overincluding internationally . The voice qualityis very good as long as there is good connectivityfrom the hotspot.But the phone has 2 major problems .1 -RRB- The keypad keys do n't work after the initial dialing.ie . You ca n't access your voicemail after dialing in .2 -RRB- The battery life is very short.This is bleeding edge product that does work , but has a major design flaw .
 This phone looks good and works well . It took me a while to get it on my wireless network at home . I had to upgrade the firmware on the phone to make it stable on the WiFi network . Once the phone was on the network , I was able to register it and use it to make and receive calls however , the voice quality was not good enough . I could hear fine when calling someone but he/she could n't hear me well enough saying that my voice was low eventhough I was talking louder than usual . I recommend you look elsewhere for a WiFi phone . The only other descent choices on the market are UStarcom and the Linksys WIP300 .
 Horroable ring tune!Very short battery life , 40 minutes talking at night and next morning battery dies!System crash every 2 days , needs to reboot!During taling phone getting very hot -LRB- after talking for 1 hour my ear feels like burning -RRB- After one week totally stoping working and become a piece of plastic JUNK !
 It does not support :1 . Call Transfer2 . Call on Hold3 . Call Parking4 . Checking voicemail
 I purchased this piece of equipment for an office to compliment a larger commercial Fellowes model . The machine worked well for the first year . However , like other reviewers , ours broke just outside the warranty . Upon speaking with the Fellowes representative , I was told that the equipment was fine but the problem was with the computer inside the shredder . I was also told that the PC part of the shredder did not have the same type of warranty as the blades . The PC is covered for one year ; the metal parts for seven . Additionally , they began phasing out this shredder a little while ago . The representative then said that as a result , they do not have any parts to repair this machine . I was offered one solution - purchase the new and improved model . I explained to the representative that had I known what they knew - the PC part of the equipment has a tendency to break thereby making the paper reverse out of the shredder -LRB- paper will not go in only out -RRB- , I would have never spent the money on this machine ! The representative just sat there in silence and eventually said , `` I 'm sorry you will just have to purchase another machine '' . While I generally like the quality of Fellowes machines , this situation has made me re-think my next purchase . I will have to replace the machine but will think twice before looking at another Fellowes model.I can not recommend this model because it will break down . It is just a matter of time , and not that much time !
 The shredder worked fine until cogs in the gear box stripped . Of course this happened six months after the one year warranty . I called Fellowes to see if I could purchase new gears but was told parts are unavailable .
 This may be a good unit for paper , but is NOT suitable for credit cards . I put one credit card into this unit and it only strip cut it -LRB- versus confetti -RRB- and my account number was still readable . This was not acceptable , so I returned the shredder . After further research , I ended up purchasing the Royal 1610X Confetti-Cut Continuous Form Shredder which pulverized my credit cards as well as paper into the same tiny unreadable confetti bits .
 The gear that links the powerful motor to its shredding teeth is made out of poor material ... yup , you guessed it , PLASTIC ! WHAT KIND OF DESIGN ENGINEERS DO THESE COMPANY HAVE ? And just as expected , in just a few months of service , the gears have worn out and this heavy duty machine has turned into a very expensive TRASH CAN with wheels .
 I 've been using this shredder for a year now and while I love the way it can turn any paper into dust , the fact that it can only handle a few pages at a time has been driving me crazy . First the good - it 's large , has a huge pull-out bin , and shreds paper into nothingness . The bad - this thing is a total baby when it comes to shredding more than 3-4 pieces of paper . I 've tried heavy and light paper and regardless , the sensor on this unit refuses to go over 5 pages most days . The box is completely misleading when it says 10-sheet and the majority of the time you can only send a few . I 've spent countless amount of time feeding and re-feeding the shredder.I really want to love this shredder but one year later I 'm sick of it . It 's a frustrating experience to be only able to send a few pages into what appears to be a heavy duty unit .
 Like another reviewer , I had this unit break just outside of the 1-year warranty , and this unit cost too much money to only last one year ! Most of the unit is built with very heavy duty metal parts and gears , but they 've got this one critical gear that is made of PLASTIC ! And of course they wo n't repair the unit or replace the gear , no matter how much I begged them to let me buy one , they just would n't sell one to me . I would have paid an arm and a leg to get this thing repaired so I would n't have to throw this huge machine into the landfill and pollute the planet , but the only solution they could offer me was to throw it out and buy another shredder .
 How this company stays in business I have no idea . I am now on my third Fellowes shredder in a few years . All three have acted up with minimal , and I mean 10 minutes once every few months minimal , usage . I keep stepping up thinking they get better with price , but they do not . This one constantly jams when shredding six or more printer-paper thick sheets . Unopened envelopes with a single sheet must be opened and the envelop portion discarded . It often spits paper back and sometimes takes three or four tries while holding the button to shred . I clean it regularly and oil as well , but it is no matter . Even the disposal can is poorly designed . It is such an odd shape and the edges so sharp that it tears the bag when trying to empty . I will never buy from this company again .
 I took me a while to find the cart I wanted for the garden furtilizer , chemicals , and tools . I thought this cart was the answer but I was very wrong.The item was received and very easy to put together . I stocked it with all my garden materials which were well within the weight limits posted.The cart was pushed up against a wall until my next few hours in the yard where I could pull it out and roll it around.This morning , I went out to the garage , and after owning this for two weeks , the cart was tipped on its side , and 3 wheels had broken off . Even thought I was well within weight limits , and the cart was upright the 3 wheels just snapped off , and of course , broke the `` plastic '' and can not be repaired.While this was supposed to be a rugged heavy duty cart . It certainly is not of the quality that I expected . For $ 100.00 , I expect much more out of a simple wheeled cart .
 We have purchased 2 of these carts and both have broken at the wheels . When the second one split exactly like the first , we had parts left over to repair it once , but now it had broken again and we have no spare parts . Do n't know what the weight limit is on the cart , but we were very conscientious not to overload the second one . It did n't help . All we used the cart for was to move office supplies .
 We had no more than about 50 lbs in the cart , it got pushed sideways and both wheels broke off on one side . Otherwise a nice light wt cart , but nothing like a rugged Rubbermaid which we have n't been able to damage regardless of load or abuse . Cost to repair the ATD cart is about $ 30 for a set of 4 bushings , and another $ 40 or so if one of the shelves was damaged as well .
 We had not had this a month and the plastic broke where it holds the wheel . Would not recommend it .
 The cart was somewhat difficult to put together , as the pieces did n't exactly fit together . I had to hammer the pieces to make them fit together . The cart worked great for the first two times I used it . The third time , with the load being within the weight limits , the front two wheels broke off . The plastic broke , so there is no way to fix it . I ca n't even replace the wheels because I am unable to remove the plastic that was connected to the wheels from the sockets on the cart . Overall , a big waste of the $ 100 + I spent on it .
 Fade in Frank Sinatra
 I bought this unit from other store -LRB- silver -RRB- . Amazon sells this unit with battery -LRB- I dont know exactly -RRB- , but the unit I bought was with AC adapter . Anyway , After using a few times , this was not working properly . Evenif I did n't load anything on the scale , the number is not `` 0 '' -LRB- I tired to set `` 0 '' but kept moving -RRB- . It keeps moving from -50 g to +50 g . This is not stable .
 Do n't waste your time buying from this seller ! I live in TN as stated on my order ... the item was shipped to someone in KY. . DBROTH is very disorganized ! After filing a claim through Amazon I was refunded but then a week later the scale arrived ! Go figure ! So , being the honest person I am , I called DBROTH to let them know . They kept me on hold on and off for over 20 minutes at my expense . They wanted ME to ship it back to them . My best advice is to avoid THIS seller if you want THAT scale .
 Did not work that well for me
 Amber light was blinking continuously so tried contacting joip customer service . Looks like there is no way I can reach them.Sent email at support@joip.com, but it bounced back . Called their 1-800 number which is just a recorded message.I reset the device a couple of times , but still the same amber blinking light.No other choice except returning it.very much disappointed .
 I dod n't like the sound quality for the landline . Never used it for internet line , because I already have Vonage -LRB- internet phone -RRB- . Finally I bought another Panasonic KX-TG1033S which sounds much better with landline.Otherwise , the system seemed fine .
 This phone has such promise as a dual mode phone , but ... BIG but ... IP battery life is less than 1 hourWhen I use the TEL , if I 'm on a call for more than 30 minutes , the handset reboots . This is unacceptable ... but if you use this phone for business , that 's really unacceptable.Today I was on a TEL call and the battery dropped to 1 bar and rebooted while I was presenting to a customer!Called Panasonic technical support . Apparently , there must be only 1 person who knows this product , because they are never available and never call me back .
 Ordered phones . Waited a month . Received notice that phones `` were out of stock '' and a credit card refund . So , never received phones . How do you rate that ?
 Cheap piece of plastic . Useless as a mouse pad . I ca n't believe they 'd even dare call this thing a mouse pad -- it 's a slippery piece of laminate that 's as thin as a sheet of paper -LRB- or piece of laminate -RRB- . Complete WASTE of money !
 I purchased this phone about 2 years ago and have not been happy with it . The sound is not clear and there is a lot of interference at my house and with other phones I do not have that problem . Also the batteries have not lasted . They do not charge anymore and I have tried all the tricks . I have always been happy with Panasonic products but not this one . Judt not good quality .
 I purchased a used cordless phone system that was advertised to be in complete working order except one headset was not working . When recieved the second headset also did not work ! Contacted the vendor but recieved no response . My suggestion is to steer clear ...
 I returned this item unused to Amazon . I did not notice in the item description that this phone set DOES NOT have an intercom function.The return was handled promptly by Amazon
 It is a nice acylic box but I was greatly disappointed . I intended to use it for my daughters wedding for cards , and therefore wanted a clear box , as pictured . What I got was black acylic . . no time to exchange .
 This product is poorly designed and manufactured . The sharp , unfinished edges represent a hazard . I do n't understand how anybody could put such a product on the market . It cost me a re-stocking charge to return the item , which I think is their major revenue stream .
 THIS PRODUCT IS A PHONY . IT HAS SEEMS THAT FALL APART . AND ITS REALLY HARD LEATHER . THE LEATHER WAS SO HARD I FOLDED IT AND IT CRAKED.AWFUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 the colors seem to have blended together making a blurry brick color pattern . also , the pattern sits crooked on the pad . the strands seem well made though .
 I bought this with misgivings because the last Uniden I bought has never worked -LRB- too much static to hear anyone ! -RRB- but since the previous phone was a cheap model I hoped for better with this one . NOT ! Even the base unit was filled with static even 20 feet from the base ! When I returned it , the clerk mentioned that her last uniden did not work either -- too much static and she could not even make calls with it , so she threw it away.Uniden used to be great , but not anymore .
 I wish reviews had been posted here before I bought mine . They were on super-clearance mark-down at a brick and mortar store so I should have known better.The worst reception of any cordless phone I have owned over the last 20 years . They ca n't reach rooms about 30 feet away , ON THE SAME FLOOR , with only SHEETROCK WALLS and no appliances as interference.Unless you live in a studio -LRB- in which case why would you need 3 handsets -RRB- these wo n't work for you .
 My prior 2.4 GHz Uniden phone worked great.None of the exensions on the new 5.8 Ghz set will work more than 30 feet from the base station.Yuck!I also bought this item on sale .
 Just bought this phone at target two weeks ago and when you walk out of a room it goes static . Across the house and it dropped a call . We are going to return it right now save your reciept .
 I bought this phone , actually DXA/5688 -3 from Target for about $ 70 . Tried it for a week and it 's going right back . Reception was terrible . It would get fuzzy not even 25 feet away . I should have known better . My last phone , a Panasonic was great . Replaced the battery 3x over 5 years . Figured it was time for an upgrade . I am going to return this one and go with the KX-TG1033 . I should have stuck with the Panasonic to begin with .
 This phone is a piece of garbage . The most important aspect of a phone is its clarity during conversations . This phone has loud persistent static even when near the base station that makes conversing on it irritating and unenjoyable . All the other features on this phone are moot considering the terrible static . I will be smashing the phone to pieces once I get my new Panasonic 6.0 DECT .
 The other reviewers are correct that the range is very poor with lots of static . Also , only one handset can be used at a time , which limits the usefulness of having multiple handsets . Calls can be transferred from one handset to another , but you can not use more than one handset at any time to talk.This phone was cheap for a reason , and it does a disservice to the Uniden name .
 It 's a fancy-looking , weak phone . So was the one we returned last week -LRB- different make/model -RRB- . Cordless phones are such a lose-lose situation
 For the price of this item , I was disappointed to find that the shelves were made out of cardboard . Not what I was expecting for the price .
 I ordered this sorter and it arrived in a little flat box . What the website does not tell you is that it comes completely unassembled and they send you about a dozen wooden pegs and a little tube of glue and a bunch of teeny tiny nails to hammer on the VERY flimsy cardboard backing . I decided to ship it back . It was n't worth my time and effort to go through this for such a piece of junk . I WILL say that the lady I spoke with at Amazon was VERY sweet and kind and treated me very nicely through the whole phone call , but Amazon needs to let folks know that this item needs a ton of assembly !
 It would have been more cost effective to purchase the all cardboard one sold at Staples .
 The shelf broke before we even had it assembled . The shelves are made of cardboard , not wood or even laminate . Very disapppointed . Do n't buy this one !
 I would not buy this item again , there is no screws to hold the shelf together only pegs that you have to glue in and it was the worse thing ever that I had to put together . . not happy with it at all . .
 Unfortunately , Amazon has still not updated their catalog on this item and my criticism is NOT directed at the vendor who was completely unaware of how this product was advertised on Amazon.com.The text description given is clearly about a Sharp EL344G , 8-digit calculator metric calculator . This model was the same as the one I previously had , is difficult to find and indeed , is now discontinued by Sharp Electronics . However , the photo image given on the page and the inventory held by the vast majority of market place vendors is the EL344RB , 10-digit calculator . This one replaced the now defunct EL344G . So no surprise when I received my package to find it was the 344RB as shown in the image - NOT as in the description.Agreed the difference is small , nevertheless , it IS a difference and the two look nothing alike . So basically I got something I really did n't want and now have to get an RA # to ship it back and try and get a refund.I have notified Amazon twice about this discrepancy but the ad is still there unaltered and misleading.Maybe this posting will spur them to correct the wording so other potential purchasers do n't buy a product that did not match the description . Even eBay has the same disparity in their listings , so you have to be detail-oriented to see/know the difference . It may not matter to some folks but may be a big deal to others . For me , I wanted an 8-digit not 10 and a slightly smaller one that more nearly matched the calculator I had . The EL344G was the one but I got the 344RB instead ...
 This calculator is a really nice size but that is about all . The calculator came with minimal directions that no one could figure out how to use it . Might be really good if it had a lot more directions . Would not recommend this to anyone .
 Bought this phone in January 2011 . Generally works well . Sound quality is good . Speaker phone is very good . You can use the handset , speaker , or headset.However ... 1 . When you pick up the handset to make a call , the phone selects a line that is not in use . Good . But when there is an incoming call and you pick up the handset , it does the same thing -- so you get a dial tone ! It should select the line that is ringing ! This is a BIG pain .2 . The memory for frequently called numbers is very limited .3 . When you play a message that was received by the answering system , the caller id information does not appear . Most phones show you the number while the message plays , and allow you to just pick up the handset to return the call . Not this phone .4 . When the power goes out , the phone forgets the time and date . -LRB- This is despite having a backup battery . -RRB- When the next call comes in , it picks up the time and date from the caller id . HOWEVER , it does not understand the YEAR , and defaults to 2006 . Thereafter , when it plays messages , it says the day of the week that the message was received -- but that day is wrong -- it 's from 2006 ! I 'm going back to Panasonic .
 Well - they sent me 100 bags . The wrong bags . The ones shipped to me we 're black on the inside and are stuck together -LRB- on the inside -RRB- . It takes a small army to get them open to use them . Plus the sticker tape is extremely weak and you can easily reopen and close without tearing the bag open - like you should have to .
 These mailers are said to be very strong and some of the best . They are so wrong these mailers are junk i might as well just ship thing in a grocery store bag . If you are sending boxes inside the bags then these are not for you .
 I was under the impression that this was a dozen non-repro blue pencils but I only received one . Pretty over-priced for the product considering most places sell the individual pencils for less than a buck . Disappointed with that part but they were good about shipping . I doubt I will order again
 I have to disagree with the other reviews . Maybe I had a bad batch but these pencils are so hard and so faint that they are utterly impractical . I had to press so hard that I ca n't tell if it 's the blue line I 'm seeing or just indentations in the paper from the point of the pencil . I might as well be using a sharp stick . Useless for sketching loose preliminary line for illustration.Going back to the harder-to-find Staedtler non-photo pencils , they may not be quite as invisible to a scanner but at least they 're visible to the human eye .
 Extremely disappointed with the seller . The seller advertises this product as `` 12 '' non-photo blue pencils . I received `` 1 '' in a box that holds 12 . I will not purchase from this seller again nor would I advise anyone else to . As for the product , have n't tried `` it '' yet but used something similar when I worked for the government years ago and `` they '' worked very well .
 the lead is so hard it 's virtually unusable . i wasted money on this product . wish i had read all the reviews .
 I wish I had read all the reviews before I bought these things . I ordered a dozen of them and had to just throw them out . The lead is so hard and dry/waxy that the lines it makes are barely visible unless you press so hard that you tear the paper . I 'd recommend Staedtler brand instead .
 These pencils are way too hard . You can barely see the line in the first place . I 'd looks somewhere else , maybe the Ticonderoga Carmine Red checking pencil .
 i was excited to get these because i did n't like how waxy normal NP blue pencils were -LRB- which would clog my pen -RRB- , but these things are like rocks . even if you make it as dark as you can , you can still barely see it . not real helpful if you want a loose sketch that you plan on tightening up later , because it 's such a chore to look at while you 're doing it . i 'm gon na keep looking for a better compromise .
 The Columbian Envelopes are not worth purchasing . Each envelope must be taped shut to avoid opening in the mail . This is the second time we purchased this product , we thought the poor quality adhesive was a fluke the first time , but unfortunately this second box has the same problems . It 's not worth returning the envelopes but I would n't recommend buying their products . Too bad we ca n't rate it with no stars .
 This stylus does not work on iPhones or iPads . It is just a hard plastic tip on a pen . I 'm sure it works on something , just not apple products . The size of the pen is too small for my hand and the cap does not stay on well , to make it longer and fit better .
 This unit arrived with a bad battery that would not charge . When I contacted GE , I was told the the battery is not included on the warranty and I would have to purchase one on my own . I emphasized that this was an item purchased two days before my call , to no avail . GE told me I could return the item to Amazon.Also , during the call the customer service person told me we had a bad connection . I told her I was using the second handset of the system I was calling about . All she said was `` Oh '' . The phone 's voice quality is poor , static is high , and the speaker phone worse than than any cell phone I have used . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 We 've used VTech , Uniden , and AT&T ; cordless phones in the past and have been satisfied . The GE Edge is truly awful . The two cordless phones had extremely poor reception ... we could barely hear calling in and out . The phone attached to the answering machine was the only good one but who wants to be tethered to the base?Terrible product . We replaced it with a Uniden set .
 This phone was a bad choice . We 've only had it a few months , and we 're already having problems with it . The handsets do n't transfer , so if you get a low battery beep in the middle of an important call , you 're going to have to hang up and call back with the other handset . Then the answering system started hiding messages ! Someone would leave a message , but it would n't show on the unit , and it would n't play until the next message came in . If it 's several days later , you may have missed an important message . Then , even though you know it must be there , you have no way to access the new message until a new message comes in . Who knows what will go wrong next ?! We ca n't take it back to the store , but we 're going to replace it anyway -- this phone is just too unreliable !
 I bought this phone just last week and I have to say I am very disappointed . I have had cordless phones for a while now and this is the first one that I have had that is getting so much static , even though the base is less that 50 feet away from the handsets . I have the base in my bedroom and when I use the handset in my dining room , there is so much static that I ca n't hear the person on the line . Also one of the handsets did not ring until I switched cradles . Then I have been seeing strange messages on the handsets like `` line in use '' even though the other phones are seated in their cradles and off . Also the ring on the handsets is very low and I could n't find any way -LRB- I read the manual -RRB- to raise the volume . Needless to say I am going to buy a different brand .
 I have only had the telephone for 1 yr and it 's no longer usable voice quality was always poor ans machine not loud enough to hear unless you are standing right next to it
 We bought this to replace an AT&T ; cordless system that suddenly died after eighteen months of light to moderate use . I was dubious about buying this phone , but my wife wanted one we could wall-mount in the kitchen.The bottom line
 This phone system is poor quality . Poor sound quality , poor tactile quality , and one receiver does n't work 2 months after purchase .
 This product did not meet very good standards . Fast shipping BUT the Ditigal displays on the two portable phones was not visible . One portable hand set phone had partial number reading the other portable hand set phone had no digital reading . In order to see who was calling you had to run to the base set . I contacted the seller but did not respond . I think these phones were new but they are a defective product .
 The main phone is fine but , the handsets are very bad because I ca n't see the names on the caller id.When the phone rings , I have to run to the main phone to see who 's calling and I hate that.I was going to send it back and request for a refund but I did n't do it . I would n't recommend this brand to anyone . Sorry .
 I was excited when the phone arrived and looked just as advertised . After allowing the handsets to charge for 16 hours , I tried using them . The caller ID display did not work at all and the sound quality of the handsets were horrible . I was very disappointed.I did return this purchase for a full refund.Panasonic KX-TG1062M DECT 6.0 Corded/Cordless Phone with Answering Machine , Metallic Gray , 2 Handsets
 The hand set is hard to hold and also difficult to replace on corded base because of it 's shape. , The screen is hard to read . Very awkward
 Had we read the previous reviews we may not have considered this phone system . Main corded phone had no dial tone , returned phone directly to manufacturer and they made us pay for returning the defective phone . Been 4 weeks so far and we have not gotten any replacement yet.Cannot rate the phone system itself since we have not been able to use it .
 I have been using Elmer 's products for years , and they have all been superb . Then I got this one , and I have changed my mind . I carefully followed the directions three times , and every time , my posters fell down instantly when I stopped holding them . I do n't know if I got a bad tube or if this product truly is no good . Fortunately , it works okay to paste things into my cookbook , so I did n't entirely waste the money , but I am still looking for a way to hang my new posters and am very displeased with the product .
 As soon as I opened the box , I knew something was amiss ... But I pressed on and took all the pieces out of the box , spilled the washers , wing nuts , screws , foam padding , steel and velcro -LRB- ? -RRB- on the table . I picked up the instructions and ... Step 1
 First off the screws would not fit in the areas they were supposed to go in . Secondly , box was not packaged , merely taped up on the sides and sent to me like that . Overall , I would never recommend this product to anyone or the person who sold it .
 I was greatly disappointed in this product . The wood is very thing , it bows when a laptop is placed on it . Might be good for writing , but not for laptop computing .
 I wanted to use this product for my wireless keyboard and mouse while sitting in the recliner.Incredibly , just the weight of the keyboard , a mousepad , and a mouse are enough to warp the board so the keyboard actually bounces as you type -LRB- because it is not touching the surface on all corners -RRB- . There is no comfortable way to use the mouse because of the sharp edges digging into your arm . In addition the cutouts for carrying the board around are in the worst possible place , taking away a lot -LRB- LOT ! -RRB- of useful space on the surface.I tried using this for a writing surface while sitting on a couch , and encountered exactly the same problems.This product is useless to me.With these modifications it would be very useful : * Thicker , so it does n't bend so easily . * Round off those sharp edges ! * Cut-out for carrying at TOP , not on BOTH SIDES .
 I bought this phone from a local merchant to replace the 2.4 ghz phone that I had before . I thought the 5.8 ghz would provide better reception , better distance , etc. . WRONG !! I mirror the thoughts of a previous reviewer ... this is the worst phone I have ever owned.Terrible static , unbelievably short range and poor quality throughout . The only redeeming feature is the easy to read screen , but there is no way that that offsets all the negatives . Avoid at all costs .
 One of the worst phones I have ever wasted money on . Lousy voice quality , unbearable static , and to ice the cake the phone died after only 3 mos . Invest a few more $ $ into something of better quality .
 We 've had this phone for 2 years . It was never a great phone , but was tolerable for most of that time , although we always had bad static noise when taking it to the kitchen only 30 feet away from the base . Recently , I do n't know what changed but there is bad static all the time no matter where we are . It just became unusable .
 well couldnt use the headset cause people said they couldnt here me on it plus made a real loud roaring noice had to get another headset for the phone this is the second phone i have bought of this kind the first one quit working awhile back wont be buying anymore of this type ...
 I had to order this phone twice . The first time the headset jack would not work . The second time , the phone itself would not ring . Finally got tired , and had to ask for a refund . Would have been a great price and unit if it had just worked .
 These colored pencils are not erasable , which was disappointing because that is why I bought them . The lead falls out easily calling their quality into question.If you want to be able to erase , do not buy these .
 The pencils were okay but the erasable part not so much . They do n't erase fully and leave some marks still on the paper . I would not purchase these .
 If you 're looking for an erasable pencil , this is n't what you want . Thought it would be a great idea to try out my new erasable pencils on a graph for an assignment . Needless to say , when I made my first mistake and tried to erase it , the color was still completely visible , perhaps only faded by 50 % . Very false advertising , especially when the box indicates that markings will be FULLY ERASED.Tried other colors -LRB- first scarlet red , then green , then pink , then white -RRB- . Could n't erase markings with either the built-in erasers or my stick eraser . The only one which I could n't see at all after erasing was white !
 These pencils absolutely suck , do n't buy them . I 'll choose crayola over these anyday !!!! They have weak leads that also break easily .
 Prismacolor 's Col-Erase Erasable Pencils -LRB- 12-count -RRB- box was my first or second favorite of the six or seven hard-lead colored-boxes of twelve I 've reviewed here at Amazon over the past couple of weeks . I recently gave it a ***** -LRB- five-star -RRB- rating , rare for me among these mass-prodced goods , for quality and attention to detail . Naturally , I immediately ordered ordered the `` 24-Color -LSB- their term -RSB- Pencil Set '' -LSB- I had planned to donate these later -RSB- . For this I paid in the `` low two figures '' -LRB- > $ 10 - -RRB- on the high side for a box of two-dozen mass-produced , grammar-school and older , colored pencils of this type.Here are the original colors from the 12-count box of these Prismacolor Col-Erase erasable pencils : BrownTerra CottaTuscan Red -LRB- brownish red -RRB- Vermillion -LRB- red/orange -RRB- Carmine RedBlueLight BlueGreenLight GreenYellowBlackPurple -LRB- thank you sootablet -RRB- And here are the remaining 12 colors that , added to the first dozen , are supposed to constitute the Prismacolor Col-Erase erasable color pencils -LRB- 24-Color Pencil Set -RRB- : WhiteLight PeachPinkVioletLight GrayIndigo BlueGrass GreenLavenderCanary YellowOrangeRoseScarlet Red -LRB- info from product box -RRB- . As you can see , it 's a little light on neutral shades by that 's far from my chief concern . Here 's what happened
 We got a box and the stapler was inside without any plastic bag whatsoever . When we took it out , it was stained like if it was used before . BEWARE of this merchant since they will send you a returned ITEM as a new ITEM for the price of a NEW ITEM . This is a sort of swindling ... I returned this and look somewhere else . Besides when I used the stapler you need to place the paper too far inside of the machine there is no way to graduate the distance of the staple and the edge of the page . I WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS MERCHANT AT ALL !!!
 The envelopes came all unglued so anything I would have put in them would have fallen out . The bottom seam and the seam that goes down the middle of the back of the envelopes were both unglued .
 I remember having one of these when they first came out . It was a nice mouse pad , with a nice , grippy back side that stuck to the desk well.These new one 's are horrible!The back of the pad has NO gripping power whatsoever . When you try to move the mouse on the pad the pad simply slides all over the desk . The grip between the mouse and the pad is far greater than the grip between the pad and the desk.Stay away . It 's quite useless .
 Does not work at all with the Apple Wireless Optical Mighty Mouse -LRB- I know , unbelievable that a mouse pad does not work , how hard is it ??? -RRB- . I returned it .
 The mouse pad does not look as nice as it does on the photo - it is actually rather dull and cheap-looking . I can not complain about performance as tracking is very good . However , and I ca n't believe no-one has mentioned this in earlier reviews , it smells absolutely horrid ! The smell is hard to describe - like new plastic , but also like musty towels and sweaty gym-shoes ! Totally gross ...
 The surface is fine , it 's the backing that 's a problem . It 's made out of some vinyl material that slides around on my desk . Not good .
 I gave this one away too . It was larger than what I needed , and was thin and unstable when using it .
 Too small . The pad glides all over the desk because of the completely ineffective ` grip ' on the bottom . There are much better options out there . Try the ones from Handspring . They rock - also cheaper . Do n't waste your time or money with this one .
 I bought this and on the first day was looking for some glue to keep it from sliding around on my formica desktop . When it slides the mouse pointer wo n't move reliably ; pretty much defeats the purpose of having a mouse pad . Even with the pad glued down -LRB- yes , I glued it down to my desk -RRB- I found it to be too small when using a large monitor .
 Cheap , poorly made magnets.Magnets fell off of plastic after a short time . They also didnt have a stong enough mangnet to hold thicker papers to my fridge .
 Bought this for my mother for Christmas . It is horrible . The lines are so dark that they do n't cover with the paint . Also , the numbers , colors and paint do n't make any sense . Purple snow ????? Please be cautious with this product . VERY CHEAP ... but for $ 6.00 ... you get what you pay for I guess .
 You can not tell from the pic , but this is really small and thin . It is not really functional as a notebook . It 's pretty small and thin . Be warned .
 This notebook , while very pretty , is not really functional . It is only about 4 x 5 inches . The pages inside are blank .
 I was disappointed in this note book , it was tiny and the cover was not printed clearly.I would save the $ 1.50 and go to the dollar store where you could get 3 for the same price .
 the word notebook is misleading because notebook means writing pad pages.the cover is beautiful , that 's the 2nd reason i bought it.i am not a art or doodle guy , so the so called notebook was useless to me.the binding was great and blank pages was great quality.great quality notebook for price , compared to problems with cheap notebooks .
 First , I want to state that these mailers are NOT the same quality as valuemailers or royalmailers . I have used thousands of them over the years , but when these mailers sold by Gigadollar are opened up , then the lining at the seam will tear . During the rainy season I need protection from the weather when mailing and a 1 inch tear near the opening seems very vulnerable to drips , snags and further rippage.Upon asking for a refund I was offered 2/3 refund when a prorated refund for the remainder of my purchase would have been 5/6 . Once I include the money I 'd pay for return shipping I 'd have to say that this is a no win offer for me.Secondly , these mailers reek of chemicals and plastic . The smell remained after days of airing and only now 3-4 weeks after my purchase has the smell subsided.Last , I 've never felt the need to press firmly on the closure to seal most poly mailers . However , these mailers are just sticky enough at the closure for a 100 % secure hold after pressing firmly . These mailers are not nearly as sticky as other mailers.I am very disappointed because the amazon listing says valuemailers which has sent me great poly mailers . So this is either brand stealing or Gigadollar is the seller where inferior poly valuemailers go to die .
 The Amazon description clearly shows a base station plus 3 remote handsets . This package does not come with 3 remote handsets . It comes with one base station with handset , and two remote handsets . I have contacted Amazon for help with this and will update this review after -LRB- hopeful -RRB- resolution .
 The phone comes with only two extra handsets where as the images depict 3 extra handsets apart from the handset for the base unit . I called up amazon and they were ready to refund me 25 % of the price because of a missing expansion handset.I needed a total of four handsets for my use . I am returning it back for a full refund .
 I thought I was purchasing 3 X 5 Post-It Note Pads with `` lines '' ... . I guess I should have known the definition of `` Original Pad '' ... Additionally I would have thought each pad would have been wrapped individually ... . but no ... . they were all just put in a shipping envelope loose ...
 I am responsible for a budget of around $ 300,000 per year in office products , so I have lots of experience with binders of all types . Avery 's 5 '' binders -LRB- which I 've purchased a few -RRB- - and other sizes they carry , in my opinion , are the worst binder construction of all manufacturers that I 've experienced . This is mostly the case with their larger capacity binders . I have had to replace too many as , after short time , the clasps do n't close or line up properly and sheet protectors get caught - it 's a mess and very aggravating -LRB- which is what prompted me to write this scathing review after being aggravated by yet another defective Avery large capacity binder -RRB- . Until they show that they care about the quality of the products they manufacture and sell for a hefty profit - and build a better quality binder , I will not purchase another Avery product - again , based on my own experiences with this product -LRB- had to add this so I 'm not accused of libel -RRB- .
 I am fairly disappointed in this purchase . The pen does not write well . The cartridge is easily clogged and the balance in my hand is odd . Would not recommend .
 It is usable , but it is not a Borderless Photo paper Plus . Something is wrong with the number -LRB- 7980A022 -RRB- . If You order this Photo Paper , it will come as a Regular Canon Photo Paper Plus , Glossy , but not Borderless .
 The individual charts are fairly clear , but overall the atlas is poorly designed for use in the field.First , the charts contain no adjacent chart information . Users who are looking for an object just beyond the edges of the chart they are on must make their way to the index , find the adjacent chart , and only then go to where they want to go . Remember , the user is in the dark with only a red flashlight and possibly an eyepiece in hand . There is no excuse for this shortcoming when even terrestrial atlases contain notes such as `` Continues on 14 '' at the edges of their charts.Second , the order of the charts is backwards . When I reach the right edge of a chart , my instinct is to continue right , i.e. turn to the next page . Likewise , at the left edge of a chart , my instincts lead me to the previous page . With this atlas , I reach the right edge of the chart and have to make the counterintuitive maneuver of reversing direction and turning to the previous page . The same with the left edge . In other words , the charts should be arranged in descending order of right ascension . Arranging charts in ascending order is a pointless custom which does not stand up to any practical examination.Furthermore , 6th magnitude is not deep enough for really intensive searching , since even the lowly 6x30 finder goes considerably deeper.The best overall atlas in this range is Levy 's Skywatching . But I would recommend skipping the 6th magnitude range altogether . Get the better designed magnitude 7.6 / 31,000-star Sky and Telescope Pocket Star Atlas instead and supplement it with Skywatching or Celestial sampler as an observer 's guide .
 I bought this model -LRB- refurbished -RRB- and it looks nothing like the picture here -- actually , it 's black and quite cool-looking . Too bad it does n't work as well as it looks . I thought the Uniden name would pretty much guarantee a quality product . What a rude surprise I got when I hooked up this baby.For one thing , the microphone is in a tiny little hole practically on the underside of the base . To get a decent , hiss-free recording , I actually had to lift up the base and bring the microphone to my lips to record my own greeting ! The sound quality of the messages left on the machine is very poor , lots of hiss and so low that you have to crank the volume up to 8 or 10 to make out what the callers are saying . This is digital?As for the handset , the echo of your own voice in your ear as you 're trying to carry on a conversation with a caller is extremely annoying . In short , this machine is poorly designed , badly engineered and of very low quality , and I will never , NEVER throw my money away on another Uniden product again .
 I am quite baffled at the reviews for the Aeron . We 've had them in our office for a few years now . Everyone was raving about how great they would be for their price . Now we have people sitting on folding metal chairs instead of their aerons because of the problems and discomfort they cause.The biggest flaw is the front edge of the chair part where your legs hang over . There is no padding . The edge is rock hard and after sitting in the chair for a couple hours , you can barely feel the back of your legs.The next design issue causes long term damage , and that seems to be the way the seat `` bowls '' . I am 29 and have bad hip pain while walking after prolonged sitting in the aeron . You can feel it as soon as you stand up , as your hips shift back into a normal position . Out of 80 employees at my work , the only person who `` loves '' the aeron is the manager that was in charge of ordering them . I think people are blinded by the fact that they wasted -LSB- ... -RSB- on a chair and force themselves to like it.It 's a fail . I have a -LSB- ... -RSB- leather office chair at home . . I can sit there for hours and relax with no joint or leg pain.Pros : - Lumbar pad -LRB- which I took off because it was annoying -RRB- - Mesh seat to avoid `` sw ` ass `` Cons : - Uncomfortable after more than 10 min - Bowl seat causes hip problems and ca n't stretch your legs - Hard edge under back of legs is like sitting on bleacher seats . - Arm rests on 70 % of the chairs in the office have come loose or fallen off .
 Plain and Simple , this chair is NON-Ergonomic . The last time I used mine , my upper and lower back seized up and I was in bed for 3 days . If you have any issues with your back , then forget about this chair and look into the Bodybilt chair by Ergogenesis.I have heard countless people on-line telling about how their Aeron chairs have broke and or have worn out their clothes . Do your research.I would give this chair 5 Stars for it 's styling . It is quite beautiful , and is easy to operate . Otherwise as far as I 'm concerned , it is useless . Shop around and try as many chairs out as you can if this is all you can afford , because there are chairs allot more comfortable and cheaper out there . Otherwise take a Bodybilt for a test ride for a few days , which lots of their sales Reps encourage , but make sure it is specked out properly for you or you will not enjoy it.Please do yourself a favour and do n't blindly read the other 5 Star ratings of this chair . I know that there is a bit of Stigma behind owning an Aeron , but there are chairs that are so much better out there .
 I requested an ergonomic chair from my company as I developed a back problem after sitting in their incredibly cheap , crummy default desk chairs . After quibbling over it for a week and requiring a doctor 's note , they provided me with an Aeron chair . It is reasonably comfortable , however after about two months the lumbar support ripped apart . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and 195 , not a weight that should be excessive for a well-designed chair . I requested , and got , a replacement lumbar support , assuming that the original one had been either defective or subject to too much wear and tear before it came to me . After two months , that one also ripped apart . The construction of the lumbar support is , frankly , cheap . Within a few weeks of getting the new lumbar support I noticed it began to tear at the sides . The chair without the lumbar support is virtually useless . It provides almost no support for your lower back at all , which is the whole point . Do n't waste your money on this company 's products .
 FYI , it would seem the basic chair does n't include the lumbar support despite the photo showing it .
 I loved my Herman Miller Aeron chair from the day I got it . After all , who does n't love anything colored carbon . I loved the mesh seat and back that molded to my body and let the stray breezes pass through . I loved the adjustable arms -- make that arm . For one day , as I leaned thoughtfully on one of the arms , it went slamming to the floor . The beautiful carbon-color metal had snapped in two like an ice cube on a griddle . The cost of replacing it started at $ 170 , plus labor . A few sheetmetal screws are now holding it in place . The other arm is intact , but refuses to stay where I put it . I have a now automatic way of pulling it up and tightening it as hard as I can , which usually gives me about 20 minutes of comfort before I have to adjust . To Herman 's credit , nothing else is broken . But I 'm waiting , and , meanwhile , eyeing those $ 79 padded leather chairs at OfficeMax , just in case.UPDATE
 I really expected this Organizer to hold letters or paper , but the only thing that fits in here are post-its . I will be returning it . I guess I should have looked at the measurements . I will be ordering something bigger . But other than that , it came within a few days and was packaged very well . If you are looking for some thing small this would be perfect .
 FYI , it would seem the basic chair does n't include the lumbar support despite the photo showing it .
 I loved my Herman Miller Aeron chair from the day I got it . After all , who does n't love anything colored carbon . I loved the mesh seat and back that molded to my body and let the stray breezes pass through . I loved the adjustable arms -- make that arm . For one day , as I leaned thoughtfully on one of the arms , it went slamming to the floor . The beautiful carbon-color metal had snapped in two like an ice cube on a griddle . The cost of replacing it started at $ 170 , plus labor . A few sheetmetal screws are now holding it in place . The other arm is intact , but refuses to stay where I put it . I have a now automatic way of pulling it up and tightening it as hard as I can , which usually gives me about 20 minutes of comfort before I have to adjust . To Herman 's credit , nothing else is broken . But I 'm waiting , and , meanwhile , eyeing those $ 79 padded leather chairs at OfficeMax , just in case.UPDATE
 Plain and Simple , this chair is NON-Ergonomic . The last time I used mine , my upper and lower back seized up and I was in bed for 3 days . If you have any issues with your back , then forget about this chair and look into the Bodybilt chair by Ergogenesis.I have heard countless people on-line telling about how their Aeron chairs have broke and or have worn out their clothes . Do your research.I would give this chair 5 Stars for it 's styling . It is quite beautiful , and is easy to operate . Otherwise as far as I 'm concerned , it is useless . Shop around and try as many chairs out as you can if this is all you can afford , because there are chairs allot more comfortable and cheaper out there . Otherwise take a Bodybilt for a test ride for a few days , which lots of their sales Reps encourage , but make sure it is specked out properly for you or you will not enjoy it.Please do yourself a favour and do n't blindly read the other 5 Star ratings of this chair . I know that there is a bit of Stigma behind owning an Aeron , but there are chairs that are so much better out there .
 I requested an ergonomic chair from my company as I developed a back problem after sitting in their incredibly cheap , crummy default desk chairs . After quibbling over it for a week and requiring a doctor 's note , they provided me with an Aeron chair . It is reasonably comfortable , however after about two months the lumbar support ripped apart . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and 195 , not a weight that should be excessive for a well-designed chair . I requested , and got , a replacement lumbar support , assuming that the original one had been either defective or subject to too much wear and tear before it came to me . After two months , that one also ripped apart . The construction of the lumbar support is , frankly , cheap . Within a few weeks of getting the new lumbar support I noticed it began to tear at the sides . The chair without the lumbar support is virtually useless . It provides almost no support for your lower back at all , which is the whole point . Do n't waste your money on this company 's products .
 I am quite baffled at the reviews for the Aeron . We 've had them in our office for a few years now . Everyone was raving about how great they would be for their price . Now we have people sitting on folding metal chairs instead of their aerons because of the problems and discomfort they cause.The biggest flaw is the front edge of the chair part where your legs hang over . There is no padding . The edge is rock hard and after sitting in the chair for a couple hours , you can barely feel the back of your legs.The next design issue causes long term damage , and that seems to be the way the seat `` bowls '' . I am 29 and have bad hip pain while walking after prolonged sitting in the aeron . You can feel it as soon as you stand up , as your hips shift back into a normal position . Out of 80 employees at my work , the only person who `` loves '' the aeron is the manager that was in charge of ordering them . I think people are blinded by the fact that they wasted -LSB- ... -RSB- on a chair and force themselves to like it.It 's a fail . I have a -LSB- ... -RSB- leather office chair at home . . I can sit there for hours and relax with no joint or leg pain.Pros : - Lumbar pad -LRB- which I took off because it was annoying -RRB- - Mesh seat to avoid `` sw ` ass `` Cons : - Uncomfortable after more than 10 min - Bowl seat causes hip problems and ca n't stretch your legs - Hard edge under back of legs is like sitting on bleacher seats . - Arm rests on 70 % of the chairs in the office have come loose or fallen off .
 Every buyer should be aware of the fact that what the image of the product shows is not what is actually delivered . I bought it thinking of a 3 pieces set according to the image shown . For my surprise AMAZOM only delivered one single piece referred to as STD 977115 . It is neither legal nor fair to use such strategy to grab the attention of potential buyers . Please be aware of such strategies and check the descriptions meticulously before ordering . The product itself is very good though !
 I have owned this shredder for about 6 months . While it is rated to handle 8 sheets of paper , putting more than 4 sheets in at once causes the motor to struggle and slow considerably . It is under-powered . The `` auto stop '' feature stopped working about 3 months ago , so it has to be turned off after each use . Emptying it is a pain because it leaves pieces of shredded paper dangling from the top - it always makes a mess.This morning I fed it 8 sheets of paper and it died . The paper is jammed in the cutters with no way to remove it , and the motor is locked up . -LRB- remember , this unit claims it can handle 8 sheets -RRB- . Unlike some other reviewers who have made Royal replace their units , I am throwing this away and getting a better quality shredder.You usually get what you pay for ...
 I bought the shredder on the Saturday and by Thursday it had completely stopped working , so it is promptly being returned and I shall choose a different product : The trouble started with the overload light coming on and the cutters stopping for no good reason - for example a single sheet of letter being shredded first thing in the morning . So I inspect for paper shreds and vacuum the underside of the cutting area . After several attempts the mechanism will once more take paper . A few times late the overload light comes on again ! Useless!Finally today the green power light no longer comes on.I advise you to steer clear of this shredder .
 We bought the Royal Crosscut shredder because we felt we needed the extra security of the crosscut . It does do a good job of destroying the sheets fed into it . However , after using the shredder a few months with little actual use , it stopped shutting off automatically . Upon checking the `` chewers '' , I found paper stuck to the rollers that do the cutting . I found one piece stuck in what must be the shuttoff switch , and after some work was able to removed the stuck piece . After a few more sheets , it again stopped shutting off . I do n't see any paper stuck this time.I would suggest looking for a different crosscut cutter if I were in the market .
 It keeps going on and off by itself . We have replaced it twice and still the same quality issue . Do not buy .
 This comes equiped with a feature that requires the bin to be properly in place before the unit will operate . Sounds good , right ? Only problem is the bin does not fit smoothly into place . From our first use , we had trouble getting the bin to line up with the safety switch and it never did seem to fit right . It seemed necessary to force the bin into place to get the on switch to make contact . Needless to say , after only 2 times of emptying the bin , the switch broke and the shredder would no longer even turn on . Target no longer carries Royal but traded me straight across for an Embassy brand which seems to have a much better design .
 I agree with other review . It broke down with 4sheets and I have no way to get it working again . $ $ tossed out . Royal VF800 not a 8page shredder and ROYAL knows it . Office Depot knows it , too .
 The cheap plastic internal gear broke right after the 1-year warranty expired . Save your money and buy other high quality products .
 I bought this for the 8 page capability and credit card shredder . From the start it had problems when shredding 8 pages at once . Ultimately I could only do 1 page at a time , and after less than 6 months it started making a loud sound and just stopped shredding . Avoid this product .
 I recommend against this shredder for families with children.After filling the hopper one time , about a month and a half , the automatic shutoff quit working . The Shredder must be shut off after each shredding . I suppose the shredder is okay if you do n't have children and do n't mind turning it off between uses.Now for the No Service . They are prompt to return your first call . This is good . Bad is the fact that I was told there were no service centers in the whole state , and would have to pack it up and pay shipping both ways . I can buy a fellowes shredder for the price of the shipping and have a new shredder that works safely and real service if I need it.Go for a walk tonight and hold your child 's hand firmly , they are little no longer all too soon.Sami
 This chair is extremely uncomfortable , I should know I have to sit in it all day at work . The arms can not be lowered sufficiently to be out of the way of the desk . Also it takes forever to tighten the arms at which point if you tighten the wrong way , it slips down . I have tried 2 different chairs and both seem to be lopsided where I feel as if I am leaning in my chair which can not be good for your back . Many people at work have the same complaints and many of us reallllly want new chairs . Save your money or buy a real executive chair .
 I purchased this for work back in March this year . After less than 5 months with usage maybe a few times a day , this Canon LS-100TS calculator is completely dead . Despite having solar power , leaving it on the windowsill for a day failed to get any response from it . I 'd send it back , but the cost involved both in postage and effort is more than this calculator is worth . I thought Canon was a reliable brand - one of the factors in my choosing this calculator - but apparently not in this case . Waste of money - choose something else .
 I 've used many calculators at work and they have all managed to last a fair amount of time . These survive 2-3 months before the buttons start failing and they need constant resetting . Resets work for a couple hours . Battery life is weak , solar does n't pull through in low light . The frame does not sufficiently protect the circuit board inside . I 've found the circuit board cracked from just being dropped . I have used over ten units of this model and these are not isolated issues .
 I bought this calculator in February , 2010 and when it suddenly decided not to work 4 months later I thought `` what a disappointment '' ! But then I noticed the reset button on the back . When I reset the calculator it worked just fine ! So now I take back all my ugly thoughts about Canon 's product and have my trust restored ! LOL The price is affordable and I do expect to get my money 's worth and more . Just remember the reset button on the back if you have a problem . UPDATE
 What a piece of crap . Just about a year and it is DEAD - as a doornail !! Wo n't start , or do anything . I have had other calcs that are FAR SUPERIOR to this PIECE OF CRAP !! Look at Texas Instruments , anywhere but Canon !
 I was looking to replace another calculator that is solar powered but I 've used it so long that the numbers have rubbed off . But this one is not what I was looking for , just the feel of it is not what I wanted . But for a basic calculator it will work fine for you .
 This chair is extremely uncomfortable , I should know I have to sit in it all day at work . The arms can not be lowered sufficiently to be out of the way of the desk . Also it takes forever to tighten the arms at which point if you tighten the wrong way , it slips down . I have tried 2 different chairs and both seem to be lopsided where I feel as if I am leaning in my chair which can not be good for your back . Many people at work have the same complaints and many of us reallllly want new chairs . Save your money or buy a real executive chair .
 I looked for the bright yellow post-it papers for my little art project . Bought a bright yellow pack from an art store and I really liked it . Then I found this one on Amazon . The canary color description and the picture here are deceiving . Looks much brighter here which is closer to the one I bought in store . I was disappointed when I got the package . They 're just your typical pale yellow post-it papers at the office . If you just look for that , it 's fine ... just know it 's not the bright canary color as the picture shows .
 This chair is extremely uncomfortable , I should know I have to sit in it all day at work . The arms can not be lowered sufficiently to be out of the way of the desk . Also it takes forever to tighten the arms at which point if you tighten the wrong way , it slips down . I have tried 2 different chairs and both seem to be lopsided where I feel as if I am leaning in my chair which can not be good for your back . Many people at work have the same complaints and many of us reallllly want new chairs . Save your money or buy a real executive chair .
 The size of this calculator is perfect . If it only worked well it would be great . I 'm a fast number puncher and found the buttons to be very unresponsive . That might be fine , except there 's no backspace button on the small keyboard , so if it does n't read a number you 're forced to restart all the way from the beginning . This is definitely not for someone that needs a consistently reliable and responsive device .
 Bought this after looking for a good sized hand/desk calculator and liking Sharp products in general . Very disappointed ... the item arrived with a dead battery and very weak solar function , will not function under ambient light . Back cover difficult to remove , battery will not remove easily either . Not worth the extra trouble , I 'll avoid this product in the future .
 I actually loved this calculator . The tilted screen , easy to press buttons and the small size was perfect for me . However after 14 months it just stopped working . That is when I realized that there is no way to take the back off and replace the battery . I can not see replacing a calculator every year . I am very disappointed and will not buy again .
 calculator was a lot smaller than what you had advertised.i am really disatisfied with this item.i do not know if i will purshase any thing else from amazon /
 I bought 3 of these thinking that the size would be adequate for a desk . It is n't . Though it works well , the size of the calculator is much smaller than what is alluded in the Amazon website . Yes , the dimensions were stated . But most calculators are larger ... not humongous , just larger . Would not recommend to a friend .
 Although the numbers display is `` large '' -LRB- relative to the size of the calculator , I did a `` large number calculator '' search on Google -RRB- , the body of the calculator is dissappointingly small . Easy to hit more than one key at a time . I suppose the dimensions were posted in the ad for the product , but I did n't see them . Otherwise , I probably would have moved on . Does do basic calculations , though . Semi-portable , can fit in a largish pocket .
 I searched for `` Large Button Calculator '' and this was the first hit . It was inexpensive so I did n't think too much about it and ordered it . I should 've checked the size first ! It is only about 4-5 inches wide/tall and the buttons are very small . If you need a larger calculator for vision or just because you like a larger desk calculator , there is nothing large about this thing ! It 's downright petite ! It 's fine if you wanted a tiny compact purse calculator or something , but it 's crummy for what I need it for , I 'll have to buy something else . I gave it two stars because the display is nice and clear , and the solar/battery backup is good and quick ... it 's just not what I thought I was getting , which is why I rated it lower .
 Perhaps I am an exception or victim to a manufacturing mistake but this calculator will not turn on . I tried leaving it in direct sunlight in case it needed an initial charge , still no dice . I am not bothering to return it since it was only $ 7.00 but feels like a big waste of $ $ .
 If a known blown up picture was supplied i would not of purschased this item . Picture of item is larger then the real item received . . but stuck with it now .
 this small calculator is highly overpriced . similar ones are available for half the price . i am sorry having purchased this item .
 I purchased this for my elderly Mother who has failing eyesight . I searched Amazon for large calculators and this looked good as description said 8.5 x 5 inches . The Calculator arrived and is actually about 3.5 x 4.5 which is too small for my intended purpose .
 If you are looking for an office-size calculator like I do , this product is NOT for you .
 I think this is nice , but I have yet to find the alkaline battery this requires . I have been to 2 stores and they did n't have the particular kind needed . So if you want to use it right away , do n't order it . But if you do n't mind driving around to find the battery it needs , then it is probably fine . I should have just driven to a store to get a calculator with a battery .
 I liked the calculator size , ease of use , etc. . Then I read the fine print that says not to attempt to change the battery yourself . You have to pay to send it or bring it to a Canon dealer to do it for you . I think the original price is plenty to pay for this calculator without having to pay extra every time you need to change a battery . I am requesting a refund . Buyers beware . Nowhere did I read on Amazon 's description about having this extra headache . I want a calculator to reduce my headaches , not add to them . I do n't want to have to worry about how long it will take to get the battery changed and therefore be without a calculator . It should n't be that hard to change a battery on a simple calculator . Just another way to make money for themselves . No thanks .
 I bought this because I do a lot of packing because I send a lot of care packages to my family between the ones that are in the military , overseas or out of state and because I sell things on eBay as well.I was looking for something that would make my life much easier when packing a box/parcel and would help me tape boxes much faster , well to say the least this definitely does not do that!I used it several times and tried my best to mess around with it so I can give it a chance but that did not change my opinion one bit , I was going to return it because it frustrated me so much but instead I threw it away which made me much happier.My first problem with this would be that probably because I have small delicate hands this thing was way to cumbersome and clunky for me to be able to manoeuvre around as smoothly and quick as I wanted/liked . My next issue would be the setting that you can &#34; tighten or loosen &#34; as much as you like/need the tape when packing something ... Politely put that is nonsense!It is either way too tight making it possible to even pull the tape and in some cases even ripping it or its way to loose and the tape just goes everywhere , there are bubbles instead of smooth lines , the lines are all over the place instead of a straight consistent line and the negative list here is endless.The balance of the head compared to the handle is way off making you excrete even more effort to keep it straight , pull , cut , etc. and making your wrist feel like it will pop out of place any moment.Another extremely annoying issue with this tape dispenser is the impossible task of actually cutting tape where you want/need it to . I would not consider this a safety feature for any age because from where I was standing it was more of a safety hazard and a threat rather than a convenient safe feature as they advertise it.The only cool thing about this tape dispenser is the shark design and grey color which makes it stand out from the rest of the standard ones.I would never recommend or buy this again !
 It 's cute , but it takes an extreme wrist movement to cut the tape and the balance of the head/handle is just awful . I have an older , less cute tape dispenser that seems to do the work for me . This is a disappointment , but not worth losing half the price of the item to ship it back . It 'll be in the next charity collection .
 I run a small home business where I sell vintage clothing . I prefer to ship in boxes rather than padded envelopes and hate wasting time fighting with tape and scissors . I thought this would be handy but it did not meet my needs . The gun when loaded with tape it very heavy -LRB- and huge ! -RRB- and if you try to use it on a standard , small , or non corrugated cardboard box you will just completely smash the box . This is great if you are moving or frequently packaging stuff in large , sturdy , corrugated , heavy boxes that can stand several pounds of pressure . But since I use smaller light weight boxes , I found myself still using scissors and this was reduced to a very expensive tape dispenser . I 'm back to square one ! Two stars because it can be useful for big heavy boxes but that is it .
 I have four of these handsets , and two of them have many buttons you have to really mash to get them to work . I would not recommend them . Perhaps latter versions have fixed this issue . If it were not for the bad buttons , this would be an excellent phone .
 Motorola E51 MD7151 review
 The first three reviews on this chair looked great so I picked one up for my daughter . There is no padding in the seat , the chair is flimsy , and the material is scratchy to the skin . We are both quite disappointed .
 It broke in 2 weeks , but it was pretty cheap , i guess it lasted longer then i payed for it .
 i got this as a gift for my friend at the job cause shes a big pats fan . she loves it doe ...
 I ordered two Patriot retractable badge holders and received two Patriot keychains . I have n't contacted the company yet due to time restrictions . Not sure how to proceed .
 I was hoping this phone would be better than my 2.4 GHZ Uniden.The 2.4 has a range of about 125ft . I can keep the non-base headset in the shop at 100 ft and it works fine.The 5588 starts hissing and popping at the back door -- one floor under the headset . I ca n't make it 1/3 the distance of the older model . BY the time I get to the shop the phone quits.So instead of ditching my old 2.4 , I 've maxed out the recharge ability of both 2.4 s . This is really irritating since the 2.4 kills my Wi-Fi connection and the 5.8 does not.Time to buy another phone set and since I ca n't count on Uniden , it will be a Panasonic . Both Unidens go into the garabge -LRB- after recycling the batteries -RRB- .
 I ca n't tell you how pentagon batteries are because I did n't receive pentagon batteries . The batteries I did receive we not packaged that well and some of the paint was peeling off a few of them a little.The batteries performed acceptably well .
 Some seals are have been flattened so I did n't get to use some of them . It 's hard to see the embossing on it . I did n't have time to exchange since I was doing the certificates for my daughter 's class graduation from elememtary school . I had to pick and chose the best ones on the pack . Thank goodness there are more seals than what I actually needed .
 are not very good quality at all . They both look and feel cheap . Do not purchase these seals . . I would check with Avery to see if they have a similar product . A little bit later . Last evening I wrote a letter and use one of these seals to seal and hold the envelope closed . Well , this morning I find the label has come off . Is it possible to rate an item with no stars .
 This phone was a complete disappointment . I was hoping , given the price , that it was a solid combination of style and effective speakerphone . I was wrong . While the handset sounds fine , and the phone certainly looks good on the desk , the speakerphone is COMPLETELY ineffectual . You can barely hear it on top volume . When you mute , the volume goes down further , rendering it useless . And , to make matters worse , its not only bad on the receiving side , its bad on the other side - continuous complaints that i 'm speaking through a tube . I have to use a headset with this phone because the speakerphone is so bad , and even then , the headset jack produces mediocre volume . I am not hearing impaired by the way . I am however actively shopping for a replacement phone and this one is going in the bin the moment the replacement arrives . Not sending it back , not contacting the manufacturer , just throwing it out . Unless my son and I elect to use it for target practice .
 Bought the Royal CC75 about a year ago . At that time it was $ 30 more than now.It shreds paper well enough , but it 's very prone to jams from about 3 pages on up . 7 sheets of rice paper , maybe.The sensor that detects the presence of paper is not very sensitive , so you have to poke the paper around the throat until it notices and starts its roar and clatter.Some reviewer back at the time I bought it said it was quiet . It 's not ; it 's vacuum-cleaner loud . I wonder if that other reviewer was using one of those cardboard box crushers you see on loading docks before this ... Yes , it 'll shred a credit card . From the sound it makes , you 're never quite sure if it 's going to finish , jam , or fly to pieces . It makes it , in the end . Very dramatic.After about a year , it simply stopped working . At first I felt cheated but then , I felt relieved.Not recommended .
 i bought this shredder about three years ago . We only use it about once a month to shred household bills , nothing too intense for this machine . It never worked great but like i said it was n't for industrial purposes . Well yesterday it shorted out -LRB- it was n't even on -RRB- and exploded in flames . Thank God we were home , within minutes my garage was fully engulfed with smoke and flames . We were able to put out the fire but we are left with smoke and damage and a horrible chemical smell because its plastic . i think we will stick to cut our bills with scissors ...
 Bought the Royal CC75 about a year ago . At that time it was $ 30 more than now.It shreds paper well enough , but it 's very prone to jams from about 3 pages on up . 7 sheets of rice paper , maybe.The sensor that detects the presence of paper is not very sensitive , so you have to poke the paper around the throat until it notices and starts its roar and clatter.Some reviewer back at the time I bought it said it was quiet . It 's not ; it 's vacuum-cleaner loud . I wonder if that other reviewer was using one of those cardboard box crushers you see on loading docks before this ... Yes , it 'll shred a credit card . From the sound it makes , you 're never quite sure if it 's going to finish , jam , or fly to pieces . It makes it , in the end . Very dramatic.After about a year , it simply stopped working . At first I felt cheated but then , I felt relieved.Not recommended .
 Maybe I just got a bad one ... but this darn thing broke with the FIRST piece of paper I put in it . I hope you get a better one than I did .
 This Royal Calculator was a bad purchase . It worked for about a month and went blank . I had n't dropped or misused the calculator it just died . It still looks like it 's brand new sitting in my kitchen draw .
 NOT VERY GOOD QUALITY cheap looking item is over priced would not recommend I would keep looking & pass on this one
 I bought this phone to replace a 2.4 ghz Motorola that the buttons were sticking on . The static starts when you get further than 15 feet away from the base unit - I used to be able to walk my dog in front of the house with my Motorola!I tried moving the base away from my PC as suggested -LRB- it 's a home office , how far can I move it ? -RRB-
 To make a long story short , these phones produce so much static you can not hear the person you are talking to and vice versa . I would not recommend these phones to anyone , friend or foe . I got ripped off along with the others that have reviewed this product . Bad , Bad and Bad ! Just save your money ! Awful ! I wish I could of given this product a negative 1 , it does not deserve a one star rating !
 from the manual : `` Make sure the other handset is not already in use . Two or more handsets can not be in talk at the same time `` Basically , if one person is already talking on HS1 and you want to use the second handset to join that conversation , it 's not possible . huge drawback for a multi-station phone , you can only TRANSFER the call , but you ca n't both be talking at the same time.Range is a huge issue too , about 10 feet away from the base in a house with no TV or anything plugged into the electricity , and there is strong static , just from the walls . . not recommended .
 These were n't too bad at first - and then , all of a sudden , the static . We 've tried everything - and we paid $ 50 or $ 60 for these , not $ 30 . Turns off with face , too . Every time I pick up the handset and hear the static , I get red faced . I 'm smashing these on the curb when the new Panasonic Dect 6.0 's arrive.Never again , Uniden !
 I thought this would be great to put on two separate floors of my house . One room does not have a phone connection and I thought this was the perfect solution ! HA ! I sit 3 feet away from the base that has a direct phone line connected and ca n't hear . On both phones , I get static when I walk out of the room that the base is in .
 I just received this phone and it is terrible . The sound of the person on the other line is muffled -LRB- I tried it with a variety of callers and it was poor quality in all cases -RRB- . Also , I proped the phone under my neck and it hung up the call . Got static going into the downstairs room . I will be returning this phone !
 After reading the first 2 reviews , I 've decided to return my DXAI 5688-2 to Wal-Mart . The other Uniden cordless phones I 've owned have been real workhorses . This model is not , for the reasons stated already . To repeat
 I got this phone from a friend . I thought it would be a nice upgrade to my existing eight year old GE phones . I was appalled at how poor the sound quality is . As just about everyone else has stated , the static gets unbearable once you are more that ten feet from the base unit . Pretty poor . I could use my GE phones outside a good 100 ' from the house with no problem . These phones are trash . I have never had Uniden before . I can only assume this model is representative of their entire product line ; as such I will never buy Uniden .
 This was to be a rushed order for printing pictures for the holidays . I ordered off the internet since no stores that I found in the area seemed to stock double sided picture paper . I purchased the paper and paid the extra $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ to have it shipped immediately , so I would receive it in 3 to 4 days . On the day I expected the paper to land on my doorstep I received an email saying it was being shipped that day . Needless to say , I paid $ 25 -LRB- 15 in shipping -RRB- for a few sheets of paper that never arrived on time so they were totally worthless to me . I wrote the company asking for an adjustment in the cost of the shipping but never received a response . If the ad would have been honest and more descriptive of the `` rush delivery '' , I never would have taken the chance . I was ripped off.bb
 I 've had the phone for quite some time -LRB- four years ? -RRB- and it is difficult now to get the buttons on the handset to operate . You have to apply a lot of pressure , and it frequently results in entering numbers twice . I inquired with Panasonic on replacement handsets , but they indicated they can only be repaired , which is quite costly . Customer Service is obviously outsourced to non-English speaking country where they were unable to provide much assistance - as they could n't even find the product with the model number . It could just be that my time is up with this item ... but I 've heard similar complaints . Otherwise ... not a bad item .
 I was extremely dissapointed with this phone , especially since Panasonic have -LRB- or had , as my opinion now stands -RRB- such a great reputation when it comes to cordless phones . I exchanged my first phone for a replacement and still had the same problem
 The talking caller ID only gives the name and not the number , so a call from someone you know -LRB- eg MOM back in Podunk -RRB- is just like the call from the magazine salesman -- `` out of area '' is all you hear . You ca n't program the caller id to recognize the number as `` MOM '' . Voice quality is marginal . So that people can hear your recorded greeting , you have to shout into the microphone , which is too directional . But on sale , it 's worth trying as perhaps a second phone on the line .
 A big disappointment for me . No where close to my old panasonic which lasted several years . Bad echo when talking , computer caller id which is totally incomprehensible , low volume . I have had it for 1 week but have decided to return it .
 This is our second Panasonic phone . They have both had multiple problems . After a year of constant problems our current phone -LRB- this model -RRB- has finally died -LRB- for no good reason -RRB- . We have had problems since day 1 - with the most common being 5-10 second gaps in reception about every 15 minutes of use . Minor but very iritating . You would think if they can make phones that get reception off a satelite that getting reliable reception on the couch would not be a major engineering hurdle . I would not buy another panasonic phone .
 I used to think that Panasonic products meant quality . However after buying this phone , I am very disappointed with the quality control at Panasonic . The unit looks okay but after I charged the battery and tried to set the base unit , the handset failed to communicate with the base . It kept giving the same error `` No link to base . Place on cradle and try again . '' again and again . The manual says to go near the base , raise the antenna etc. . I was trying the setup with both the units practically next to each other . Panasonic support was the worst . They could n't help at all and wanted to insist that the unit was fully functional and it seemed like I was doing something wrong . Since the unit was purchased more than 30 days ago , I had no option other than to scrap it and purchased a Uniden phone .
 I finally received this phone from amazon yesterday after waiting 11 days from order date . I found the box to look as if it were old and the phone itself was not wrapped as if it came directly from the factory . I believe it is a refurbished phone even though I paid for a new one . I paid $ 52.85 for this phone and tonight I see the same phone from amazon listed at $ 34.99 . What is wrong with this picture ?
 I ca n't recommend this phone . -LRB- 1 -RRB- There is a hissing noise in the ear piece . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Several people claimed my voice sounded muffled -LRB- as if I had my hands were cupped over the mouthpiece -RRB- . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The Talking Caller ID was nearly impossible to understand since the computer voice mispronounced virtually every name .
 This is the worst phone for the money I have ever owned . I agree with the earlier reviewer that the handset caller ID works only about 30 % of the time , and for the money , the features are not that great . I will never buy another Panasonic phone again.I also have the extra handset for this , which works poorly . Half the time , I pick it up and say , `` Hello , '' and it beeps and says , `` No connection to base . '' My friends are sick of me saying , `` Hold on , I 'm having a problem with my phone . '' I have a $ 10 model that works better . Defintely do n't buy this .
 My 5 yr old ATT tapeless answering machine -LRB- that costed $ 19 -RRB- was broken and I needed a speaker phone . And I thought this this phone would be a good choice , because it LOOKed nice and had a good brand-name . First , answering machine
 I bought this phone based on consumer report reviews and the corded phone works great but the battery in the cordless phone is terrible . The battery dies after 1 hour of conference call . Then it would take at least 8 hours to recharge again.I would not recommend this phone especially for business use .
 We decided to spend a little more money and go with a cordless phone that we could expand with . Along with this phone we purchase two additional handsets . What a big mistake . In less than a year , the LCD screen on two of the handsets does n't work -LRB- no caller ID , previous caller etc. -RRB- . The battery on the other handset does n't hold a charge or indicates that you 're out of range , get closer to the base . . when you 're standing right next to it.Needless to say we were very disappointed and are once again phone shopping .
 Good
 I purchased the base unit -LRB- which includes one handset -RRB- and two additional handsets . They worked okay for about a month or so , then the handset started inexplicably dying . Sometimes the screen went totally blank and you would lose the call or could n't dial . Othertimes the screen said that I was too far away from the base -LRB- even when I was literally right next to the base -RRB- . So I called customer service and they said that it sounded like I needed a new battery -LRB- after a MONTH ! -RRB- . I actually read the directions before using the phone and I was n't even putting the phones on the bases to recharge after every call so that the NI CD batteries would n't develop a memory -LRB- they do n't use the better Lithium Ion batteries that do not develop a memory -RRB- . So this made no sense . Anyway , I went ahead and bought the batteries -LRB- for all three handsets -RRB- and that did n't solve the problem at all . I then went ahead and purchased another handset . Again , no problems for a month and then the same issue . Customer service issued remanufactured phones -LRB- 4 handsets -RRB- and in about a month to 8 weeks all were exactly the same.I know I was n't doing anything wrong to cause this . I began searching the Internet and low and behold I am not alone . Apparently a law firm in New Jersey has already filed a class action law suit against Panasonic for the entire KX-TG and KX-TC cordless phone lines . Search `` panasonic cordless phone class action '' on google . It will be the first hit . As an attorney myself -LRB- not in any way affiliated with or even previously aware of the firm that has filed the suit -RRB- , I can tell you it takes a lot of consumer complaints before a law firm decides to invest its resources in a class action suit as they are very expensive and time consuming.So , I 've learned my lesson the hard way -LRB- although there was n't anything I could 've done differently at the time of purchase -RRB- . Hopefully , my experience and research into this can prevent you from having to deal with it in the future . Panasonic was unjustly enriched in distributing such a defective product and not having the corporate decency to at least recall it and replace it with a functioning line or refunding our hard earned dollars . Very disappointing and I certainly will not be purchasing the Panasonic brand again .
 The system is excellent regarding the quality of the calls and the features that it offers . On the contrary , the NiCad batteries do not last as advertised and quickly develop `` charge memory '' rendering the whole system useless . In my case , I bought the base and three extra handsets with dual line and answering system . This represents approximately a $ 500.00 investment on useless equipment due to a faulty battery.Panasonic should make a recall and replace all NiCad batteries free of charge . Do not buy this phone unless the battery issues have been solved .
 I 've had this for a year and after very light use , both handset batteries ca n't hold a charge and one of the cordless handset displays is dead . I 've had a number of Panasonic phones , and this was a real disappointment.The handset batteries are famous for lousy performance - get the Energizer replacement P511 battery right away . The poor performance starts fairly quickly , so save yourself from lost calls.Another unexplainable thing - only 2 of the 3 mailboxes can be protected with a password , the primary one -LRB- # 1 -RRB- cannot.All-in-all , a feature-laden mediocre to low quality phone .
 I purchased this phone 1 year ago this month . It was what I thought was the perfect solution . A corded phone with matching cordless phones , -LRB- my system came with 2 cordless phones -RRB- & it was expandable , plus I did n't need to have a phone jack to plug in the cordless phones , just an electrical outlet for the chargers . About 4 months after purchase , the `` Number 2 '' cordless phone would n't work . It would n't charge , I could n't answer the phone using this handset & it keeps saying I have to move closer to the base , even when I am sitting right next to it . Now it does n't work at all . The answering machine was okay & not to difficult to use , I also like the other features . I thought I would go back to the store where I purchased it & return it for another one just like it or send the bad handset in to be fixed , but after reading reviews from people who have had problems also , I am just going to return it for a different system .
 6 months ! That 's how long it lasted.The GOODThe phone is lovely , looks good and operated well . Nice features , built-in phone book was really convenient . The charge on the phone lasted a few days , no need to be constantly recharging it.I ESPECIALLY liked the VOICE MAIL LIGHT flashing when you have a voice mail message . Then with the press of 1 button the phone dials and accesses the voice mail account . A real JOY!Excellent range . All over house and outside . No interference with other equipment.Now the PROBLEMS : ECHO . . ECHO . . ECHO . . There was an echo with the voice enhancer . Turning off helped somewhat but then there was loss of clarity sometimes.BEEP ... BEEPand an infrequent beep while talking making one lose bits of conversation . . Auto frequency changes maybe?POWER LOSSThe power went off when I accidentally unplugged the phone thinking it was my shaver and the phone RESET AND NEVER WORKED AGAIN ! How ridiculous!I have another cordless , a Toshiba , I unplugged that to test and it continued to work after I plugged it back in . All the programmed memory buttons still retained their numbers.With the Panasonic , I tried resetting the phone but alas ... there are NO instructions on how to reset if the power is disconnected . The manual simply said replace handset on cradle and let charge for x hours . Still the thing would n't work . flashing lights and beeps ! Amazing!I would have returned the thing but decided that I would simply get another phone of a DIFFERENT brand that actually WORKS AFTER BEING UNPLUGGED.My new phone , a GE , has instructions on resetting the phone if accidentally unplugged or power outage . 6 months and it is still working , and no beeps ! Unfortunately it does n't have the voice mail light . I really liked that light!So , if you accidentally unplug your phone beware ... all may not be as it seems !
 I have an old analog Panasonic 2.4 Ghz and love it . So I did n't even think of buying another brand . This phone is terrible . She speakerphone does not work well , continually cutting in and out . The headset is even worse , the echo and digital warble are unbearable . Going to try a GE recomended from Consumer Reports .
 This phone is terrible . I was excited when I bought it because of the some of the reviews I read , but when I got it home , it was nothing but trouble . The sound is garbled and you can not hear the person on the other line . It cuts in and out like a cell phone would . I can not even talk to someone on this phone for more than a minute before massive amounts of static clog up the line and I have to switch phones.Please do yourself a favor and buy any other phone but this one . The Uniden is a little more expensive but much much better
 I have never left a negative review on Amazon before , but this is a terrible phone . Sound quality is miserable as it cuts in and out as described in other reviews . Also has echo and severe static at times . I 've had the phone for 5 months and the battery is already to the point where it only lasts 15 to 20 minutes after a full charge . This appears to be a problem with MANY of the panasonic phone models - just read the other reviews . Best advice is to just stay away from this brand altogether . I thought Panasonic was a quality brand ; however , they have proved me wrong . I will NEVER buy another Panasonic phone again . This has been a terrible experience - worst of all , I have come to learn from other reviews that this is typical of the brand and not just a fluke as I had originally thought .
 Folks say they `` can not hear me '' in business meetings.I need to return this.It does n't even have caller ID but that 's my bad I should have noticed that .
 I was unaware when I bought this phone that it required three small batteriesin order to operate , and that the batteries would need changing within a period of three months or less . Also , following the directions carefully , I was unable to program successfully the push-buttons that call selected numbers . I will not ever use this phone . It was a waste of money . -LRB- I bought it because this model has the feature that allows the use of a headphone . -RRB-
 I received this phone and thought it would work with our current phone system . It did not . Although the phone probably works fine , I requested to return the phone 3 times !!! I have not had a response as of yet . Poor customer service from this company !
 What product ? I have yet to receive my order !!!!! So my review has nothing to do with the product , but more about the service . It is awful . I am unable to speak with anyone in customer service at your company , the last items I ordered went to the wrong stored address TWICE . No one called to ask for another address , I have no idea if I have been credited for that order and still do no have the second one . You need customer service at Amazon . I do not recommend your company 's services .
 This started off being a great phone but the handset stopped working !! I have read reviews concerning the speaker phone going out but it still works ... wish the handset would work ...
 Years ago , I would have sworn by any Panasonic product , but the quality has gone downhill significantly . Have been using ATT speakerphones and the sound quality from the speaker is considerably better than this . Unfortunately , I can not return the phone or the headset that I purchased together , because I forgot that I ordered this and just found it sitting in the corner of the room ... I finally opened it up today and took it out of the box and was surprised at how light and cheap the plastic feels . I hooked it up , popped the batteries in , and the sound quality is absolutely horrific . Sounds as if they used cheap crinkly aluminum foil to make the speaker and sound is crackly . Unfortunately , it is going in the trash as it is not worth donating to Good Will .
 I wanted and got a light weight phone with a low profile , adjustable volume , mellow ringer , mute button , and speed dialing.I settled for a unit lacking an included headset and lacking caller id . However , I need a phone that works and this one does n't . A defective phone is probably a fluke but when this one came in , I trashed my dropped-once-too-often phone and I just ca n't take the chance .
 Product is no good . A lot of interference and disconnections . Do n't buy . I 'm sending mine back this week . Waste of money .
 The speakerphone is awful . Breaks up and is tinny . Not acceptable for my use so it 's going back . It 's a shame because otherwise this would be a winner .
 It was a nicely designed , simple to operate , speakerphone . I really wanted it to work , BUT :1 -RRB- every time I moved my hand toward the speaker -LRB- while it was in use -RRB- the speaker squealed , rather like hearing aid feedback and ,2 -RRB- the microphone pickup was weak - many people on the other end of the line asked us to speak louder so they could hear us.Amazon replaced it once and problem # 1 mostly disappeared , but problem # 2 remained.I returned to my antique ATT Model 854 four-line speakerphone -LRB- even though I use only one line -RRB- because the speaker is loud and the microphone is strong . I can HEAR AND BE HEARD via the speakerphone from two rooms away ! Its only drawback is that it requires 120 v power and would not work in a power outage .
 First of all , I had all kinds of headaches finding a headset for this device . The reason I bought this is because it has a headset jack and it is corded -LRB- rules for the kind of job I do -RRB- . However , it was impossible to find a headset that worked with it . Not even the ones from Panasonic worked . The issues varied from the device being incompatible with cordless headsets to the jack being too small for the corded ones - and even with an adapter , you can either only hear OR only speak from your headset , never do both . So , when I gave up on trying , after purchasing so many different headsets and adapters just to have to return them , I considered keeping the device as an extension , because it is fairly cheap . But then I realized it only runs on batteries , you ca n't get energy from an outlet or anything . That is kind of too much trouble for such a simple device . Having to replace or recharge batteries for this is just a waste of time . I finally decided to return it .
 120 days later the dialing function no longer works . Very poor quality construction . Too bad , this was a nice phone initially .
 I had to return it back . Buttons were not working and the sound was very low even when put on maximum . Same applies on the headset .
 the speaker phone function is why I purchased this . The speaker part worked fine but the other people could n't hear me . Not just barely but not at all ! Had to use it for a conference for work so had to put up with it the whole time .
 I 've used this phone for about a month , dislike it , and will return it . It has serious limitations , that probably all flow from the fact that it has no amplification , which is what gives it the ability to function without being plugged into your 110 AC , but you give up a lot for that feature . Limitations
 On the surface this phone seems to have a wealth of features for the price . The ones that attracted me were the speaker phone and the headset jack . While this phone works just fine if you are the only one around it has a major flaw and that is noise bleed . If you have another phone on the same line you can hear the other persons conversation through this phones speakers , albeit quietly you can hear it and what is worse is they can hear you ; and yes this is when the phone is hung up , regardless if the headset is plugged in or not . That reminds me another major flaw , if you have the headset on and the handset is in its rest position and your talking away , then someone else picks up a different phone and then hangs up because they realized the phone is in use , the process of them hanging up will cause your phone to disconnect as well . The way around this is to leave the handset off the hook . Oh and one more thing about the headset use , in order to hang up you cant just hang up the handset you have to also push the speaker phone button . Not sure about you , but I would stay clear of this phone ; as it is now I have to spend more money again to find a phone without these culprits . sheesh .
 unless you are very close to microphone and speak loudly party can not hear you well at all .
 Good sound on the speaker and the handset , a decent microphone , and quality construction earn this two stars , and that 's it.In fact , this phone is a relic , a piece of late 80 's hardware stubbornly hanging on in 2011 . It has no caller ID , three AA batteries are required to power the speaker , you have to hand write your stored contacts with eraseable ink , and the coiled cord connecting the hand-set to the base is too short -LRB- meaning you have to go out and buy a longer one if you have a typical desk -- otherwise you have to keep the base right at your elbow ! -RRB- The phone is too big for so few features , taking up too much real estate on the desk for no good reason.Those three AA batteries , according to the manual , must be replaced every six months ; however , I believe the other customers who say the batteries do n't last more than three months . That is ridiculous . You 'll be buying six to twelve or more batteries a year for the life of the phone.This phone is missing features and will be expensive to keep . I believe it has very limited appeal .
 I bought this phone because I work for a virtual call center . I thought because it had a jack for headphones and also a headphone button that it would be ideal . What I did n't realize is that it just is a terrible phone for many reasons . First , the phone amplifies your voice so you hear an echo on the line , which is really distracting when you are speaking witha customer . Second , I did n't see on the specifications that it runs on batteries , not a plug for the wall . In this day and age , every phone should have the option of getting electrity from a socket and not by batteries . I needed the phone to last 40 hours a week for work and it only lasted one 8-hour day . I eventually had to buy another phone because this one was worthless to me . Well , maybe not . If we ever have a hurricane and there is no power but there is a phone line -LRB- like that would happen -RRB- this phone may come in handy . If you are looking to buy this phone for business , save your money . It is n't worth it !
 We have only had this phone 5 months and it quit working . It caused all the phones in the house not to work until we unplugged this phone . We thought maybe it just needed new batteries . The batteries in it still showed good but changed them anyway . A week later I tried to use the phone and again there was no dial tone . Went immediately to unplug this phone and again other phones in the house fine again . We were later told by friends they had been trying to get a hold of us for days . Bad buy , very unreliable product .
 I must have gotten the bad one in the bunch . When using the speakerphone , I could hear just fine , but the person on the other end could not hear me . Same when using a headset . Since I bought it primarily for those two features , I ended up returning it and purchasing another Panasonic . Thanks to Amazon for the effortless return process .
 I bought this phone as a quick setup to my working from home job . It worked great for the first week no problems to speak of at all . Now I am in week two and the phone does n't register that I have hung up the handset so I am constantly getting an annoying beeping coming from it because it did n't hang up all the way . Because of this I could n't connect to the software I needed to in order to work . Just because you need a quick startup do n't buy a cheap phone like this . It backfired on me completely !
 My phone works OK until I use a headset , which is unfortunately why I bought it . Then it refuses to hang up completely . It hangs up , but then gets a dial tone even though I have pressed the headset button to disconnect . My old ATT phone worked much better .
 I use this phone for a call center at home . When I use my headset at work , people hear me fine . When I have to use the hand held phone receiver , people ca n't hear me at all . I would LOVE to return it and get another one , but I ca n't wait for a new one and I do n't know what the return policy is . Oh well .
 Upon first glance this phone looks great for work applications , but beware . This phone uses batteries instead of a outlet for its power . So , if your going to use it for work and you need the headset , you have to rely on the two AA batteries . And they dont last long believe me . If you have to have it for work , buy a phone that has a standard power supply .
 I got this machine purely for the speaker phone function
 I 've had this phone for a year . I use it to work from home , and some nights I am on this phone for 4 + hours straight as I am logged into a computer system . It was working fine for months , but now it seems to be reaching the end of its rope . After just ONE YEAR . Apparently , this phone is no longer able to function that long without disconnecting at some point during my call shift . Very frustrating . I 've tried contacting my carrier , replacing the cords , but no ... it 's the phone . This phone just is n't working that well anymore . If you 're looking for longevity and/or will be using this phone a lot for work purposes , LOOK ELSEWHERE .
 I have this phone in my home office . Maybe have a defective phone , but when I answer and the call is for someone else , and they pick up on another telephone in the house , this one will not hang up . So , I can still hear the conversation and Sometimes it will disconnect when I unplug it and then replug the phone line . Usually I end up having to just unplug the phone and plugging it back in when they hang up . No other phones have this problem , just this Panasonic . I have had the phone a little over a year and it started doing this about 8 months ago . It works fine when it is just me in the house and I like the headset plu . Otherwise it is an okay phone .
 If you do n't speak directly and loudly into the center of the mouthpiece , the person on the other end can barely hear you . Same thing happens on speakerphone . I have to yell into it to be heard . Everyone in our household is frustrated with this phone , do n't buy it .
 The phone was not user friendly . When installing , never got a dial tone after several tries . Still have not gotten it to work . Might return it soon .
 The Panasonic phone was purchased as I needed a hard-wired phone in case of a power failure . Its a rather primitive phone lacking caller id ; but after all , what do expect for $ 29 . It has a speaker phone and you can store 12 numbers . It has variable ring as well speaker phone volume control . If you do n't need caller id but want a hard-wired phone , for $ 29 this one will do fine .
 The phone did not work , made strange clicking noises . Big hassle to get it sent back ... better to buy from a store .
 The phone had the feature I needed for my work - the headset jack with the ability to switch back to handset when needed . Unfortunately after about three months , the sound quality went waaaay downhill and even switching to handset did n't help - the echo and horrible static remained . Plus sometimes the phone would `` pick up '' the line without me pressing the button - I would come up to the phone after not being near it for hours and hear a long `` beeeeeep '' through the headset.I contacted Panasonic and got a replacement phone , which they said had to be a refurbished one . The second phone had the exact same problem.I sent it back and -LRB- half a month after they received it -RRB- still am waiting for the replacement -LRB- after my very firm insisting they agreed to send a different model , alas , also refurbished -RRB- . I 'll most probably sell this phone and get another one instead . I do n't think I trust Panasonic anymore . Not with phones , at least .
 I got this phone to replace an AT&T phone that has a very poor speaker phone . Unfortunately this one is not much better . You have to yell when only three feet away from the phone for the other person to hear you . Also , the max volume on the specker phone is not all that loud . Why ca n't they make a speaker phone that works that does n't cost a hundred dollars ? The speaker phone on cell phone work better -LRB- much better -RRB- than this one . Maybe they have to plug into an electrical socket to get enough power . This one runs on three AA cells .
 It was a great phone but i really hated the fact that it ONLY used AA batteries . I would have preferred if it had a power cord as well .
 I bought this phone because of its usefulness in taking service calls on the phone with the headset . The price was good enough and it was basically all I needed it for . Well , the headset works well , but the phone is to utilize the speakerphone button when using the headset , it does it sporadically , and of course that wo n't work when taking calls over the phone . For the phone quality , it 's okay for using it for personal calls , but do n't expect it to work for business calls , you may be better off looking elsewhere .
 I bought it because of a prior experience with a panasonic phone . I loved it , had it for almost six years -LRB- which is n't bad for a 900 mghz -RRB- . This one looked good , the auto scan , speaker phone , nothing too fancy , but after 2 months reception is lousy , tried all suggestions , moved phone to every jack in my house , no improvement . Very disappointed .
 Awful awful sound quality , worse than the $ 20 Bell Northern phone with which I replaced it . Also the battery dies so fast that if you do n't check the phone every six hours it dies before you can notice the `` recharge '' indicator blinking . Just being away at work for 8 hours is all the chance it needs for the battery to die even if when you left for work the recharge indicator was n't lit . . Also the ring volume is very low , so if you happen to be watching a movie or listening to music when it rings it 's easy to miss .
 Well , we 've had pretty good luck with Panasonic cordless phones . Our first one was the best lasted for years clearest reception then we got a 900mhz one about a year and a half ago . The audio quality was n't as good as the older one that was n't even 900mhz , but it was acceptable . But recently the 900mhz has had problems . So we thought this would be a good simple choice , and should be better quality , and this one has the NimH battery so it should last longer -LRB- more charges -RRB- , those Ni-Cd ones get expensive.but NO , this thing is horrid , first the battery does n't last long at all , so much for that as a plus . But the audio quality was horrible , it 's like a bad cell phone , with drop outs and all kinds of digital garbling . It was useless . maybe someone in our area has a wireless router at the same frequency ??? I do n't know this was unusable . And yes , the microwave makes it even worse . Never had problems like this with any of our OLDER Panasonic phones but the new ones seem to be junk . It 's too bad , they are all so cheap now , but no one seems to make a quality one . Still looking .
 Thank you very much for your reviewsI have now fixed that E3 problem , do to reading all the reviews .
 This is a sleek looking phone with many good features . However , the PANASONIC BATTREIES are horrible . At first I could use my phone for about 45 minutes before the battery went dead . Adding to the frustration was that the battery indicator showed full capacity until the last minute when it showed that it needed recharging . After about a year the battery has gone even worse . I now get approximately 2 minutes talk time and 48 hours plus recharge time . In short - dont get this phone !!
 This was an okay phone , kind of annoying , but okay . The echo was very annoying for me , but the wife says it is okay and she does n't mind . Really the only reason we kept this phone was because of the talking caller ID for the kids . The 2.4 mhz interferes with my local wireless network which is also annoying . So anyway , the power has gone off , and the blasted phone flashed all the lights and says E3 ... which is n't documented in the manual , nor is any information about what an E3 is , is available from somewhere else like panasonic.com .
 What I would give for a cordless phone w / answering machine that functions as a basic phone ! This phone has an echo when even 2 feet from the base . It completely cuts out down the hall -LRB- 15 feet away -RRB- . People keep asking if I 'm on a cell phone . I really wanted to love this phone , but the basics just are n't there . Also , the digital answering machine quality is pathetic on the normal level an barely passable in the enhanced mode . Finally , why why why would Panasonic get rid of the one button quick dial feature they had for years . It now takes 5 button presses just to dial common numbers.Note I also tried the Uniden DCT 5285 and that also has a pronounced echo which makes it sound like you 're on a cell phone . I 've returned both of these phones and will keep looking .
 Many reviewers have stated the same problem with this phone . So if anyone has taken the time to read through the entire list of reviews . This too , will be no surprise.It 's been about 14 months after spending over $ 100 dollars on this phone , and I liked it up until I had to unplug it for a few minutes.Invariably , the infamous `` E3 '' error message appeared and it 's now a hundred dollars worth of fried electronics , blinking lights , and hunks of plastic.In this phone 's defense it was great up until the part where it melted . I liked the features and thought it was a nice phone.In closing , unless you think it 's okay to spend a hundred dollars on a new phone every year , I would n't bother with this one .
 The Panasonic KX-TG2248 2.4 GHz phone we bought just under a year ago now displays an `` E3 '' error , and it no longer works . Stay away from this product unless you enjoy throwing money down the drain .
 Woke up this morning and the phone is dead . All lights are flashing and E3 is displayed on the LCD . Power cycling , moving the phone , nothing `` normal '' seems to help . Panasonic support was worthless and therefore after about a year , this phone is trash.The phone also had a habit of fading out real bad as if there was interference , then would go completely silent , beep , and then come right back . Extremely annoying during a conversation when you loose 5-8 seconds worth and have to keep asking the person to repeat themselves.The phone also had no button to allow for manual channel rescans . So if you had static on the line , you had to live with it until the annoying fade-out came by and changed it .
 I had this phone for 8 months and was very happy with it untill I came home from work today to find it dead . The phone displaed the E3 message and all the lights were blinking . My wife told me the power flicked briefly and she wondered if that may have been the cause . I would have never belived it to be the case if I had n't read the previous couple of reviews on this phone . DO N'T buy this phone it 's not worth it !
 Poor Alexander Graham Bell would have been dissolved into skeletonhood if he had had to get Watson 's attention that fateful day in 1876 using a farging Panasonic KX-TG2248S . This piece of junk goes into cardiac crapshock on lesser voltage surges than you can generate by petting a longhaired cat or shuffling across a carpet in wool socks . They should have designated this telephonic turdbox the `` E3 '' because that seems to be the only number it can remember.I would recoomend this unit as a gift to annoying relatives , ex-spouses , or anyone else so long as you have no desire to speak to them . At the moment , this thing has been replaced by a 1934 Automatic Electric model 40 , which at least remains functional when there is a forecast of an electrical storm within 100 miles . That 's a lot more than I can say for the Panasonic , and the rest of what I 'd say is unprintable.I give this thing one star for having been packed in box sturdy enough to hold a couple of crushed beer cans .
 Unplugged the phone and moved it to another location , after 3 or 4 years of use . Got the E3 error . Panasonic confirmed that it 's a problem with the phone that ca n't be corrected by the user . They stood by their 1 year warrantee , despite the fact that it 's a built in design defect . Wanted to charge me $ 80 + tax and $ 10 shipping for a replacement or $ 95 for a repair .3 or 4 years is n't really that bad a lifespan , but I suspect that I would have had this problem a lot sooner if I moved the phone earlier . In any event I 'm buying another phone . In my experience cordless phone quality is terrible in general .
 I 've had this phone for about 3 years and the other day I decided to mount it on the wall to save some counter top space . Well , when I finished measuring and drilling the holes , I unplugged the unit to get it all mounted . Well , when I plugged it back in , the whole unit was blinking like the Las Vegas strip ! I could n't figure out why this was happening . I tried pressing every button , I even left it unplugged over night and in the morning , same thing . I looked on line at Panasonic 's site to find the manual and I could n't even located the product on their site . I 've tried some of the suggestions on from this site and still no luck . Calling Panasonic this very momemt . Stay tuned ...
 Well , you can add my name to the growing list of people who have experienced the now famous E3 error on their Panasonic phone . What is worse , when I call Panasonic , the only suggestion they give is to send it to a repair center and maybe they can fix it . After many questions to the rep , they finally admitted that they are aware of the problem but will do nothing to admit fault or issue a recall.This has tainted my opinion of Panasonic and I have since gone out and bought one of the new 5.8 GHz coreless phone from AT&T. ; In the future , I will read more reviews before I buy a new product . Goodbye Panasonic !
 The reviews above should speak for themselves.Yes - Yet another E3 error victim and this phone will soon be hitting the trash.At first it was a fairly cool looking phone . I even forgave the common -LRB- virtually every phone conversation -RRB- 5 second `` blank-outs '' / interruptions in transmission -LRB- followed by a `` beep '' -RRB- . But after only 1 year -LRB- and probably a bonus day -RRB- of use the thing died ... . Is it too much to ask for a phone that actually works?Do NOT waste your money - and read all of the above.Anyone who likes this phone is either a Panasonic employee or someone who has n't yet opened the box .
 I travel a lot so I am never home therefore this phone got very minimal use , it completely died aftr only one year with a small amount of use . No more panasonic Anything for me !
 I got this phone at costco , it stopped working after an year with error 3 and lights flashing.I have another Panasonic phone - a different model which is working fine , but no more Panasonic phones for me .
 I 'll start by saying that this phone worked great until it died -LRB- as long as the microwave was not on -RRB- I simpally unplugged the base unit and 2 minutes later plugged it back in and bingo . I 've got the famous E3 in the LCD and all of the base unit lights are flashing . Luckly I got this on clearance , new for $ 60 but I 'll never but another Panasonic phone again . As I am typing this and complaining out loud a co-worker of mine is telling me she had the same problem with a Panasonic phone !
 My only complain about this phone before today was that our old microwave seemed to interfere with the phone 's frequency . However today I 've found the phone completely dead with lights flashing and famous E3 error showing.I guess I should also blame this on a power problem since we 've had bad weather . But this is not an excuse . After reading all the reviews I doubt I 'll get another Panasonic phone to replace this one .
 After a brief power outage from a thunder storm , I also experienced an e3/lights blinking error . I unplugged the phone and plugged it back in several times to no avail . After doing this a couple of times unsuccessfully , I hit the `` STOP '' button on the base immediately after plugging it in -LRB- before it completed booting up to show the `` e3 message '' -RRB- and it reset itself and now works fine -LRB- or as well as it did prior to the e3 -RRB- . Try it before tossing yours in the garbage
 This phone SUCKS ! We spent a good $ 100 on this phone and all it does now is just display an E3 error message and all the lights blink . I suspect it has to do something with the circuits but I am not quite sure . Either way if you want your phone to last for a long time and be reliable , STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE ! Panasonic really screwed up this time and I would hope they do something about this because this seems to be quite a frequent problem .
 When I first got this unit two months ago I was impressed with the variety of useful features such as voice actuated caller ID and handset programming . However the unit has permanently crashed after a brief power outage , and now the unit lights flicker constantly while flashing an `` E3 '' error message . This problem was noted by another reviewer and is unacceptable in a new unit . Previously I had good luck with Panasonic answering machines but this is discouraging .
 Do not buy this Phone . Panasonic has poor customer service and they do not have any troubleshooting information on their website.I called support and they said they need to send the phone to their repair center and costs $ 90 plus . . which sucks ...
 Phone was working great for over a year - a VERY brief power outage later , phone dead with E3 error and a bunch of blinking lights ... Phone was plugged in power surge protector and wll other electronics still work fine ... checked the reviews here and surprised to find out I am just one of the many victims of this E3 error !!!
 I 've had this phone for a bit more than a year . For some unknown reason , the sound is horrible now . It 's just distorted ? Judging from the rest of unhappy owners , I wo n't even attempt customer service at Panasonic . I will however make a point of letting as many people as possible , know about their horrible products and customer service . Never again will I purchase Panasonic .
 I bought it 2 years ago for $ 100 from Costco and it died yesterday with the famous E3 error message , I call Panasonic , the only suggestion they give is to send it to a repair center which they said it will cost $ 80 , what a joke .
 Exactly after waranty expired . What a coincidence.I will spoil Panasonic , this is NOT FAIR for consummers.It is obvious that a recall should be on place for this Item.Consummers , do n't let manufacturers get away with this stuff.Shame on Panasonic . ** UPDATE ** I called Panasonic support and they offered a replacement -LRB- refurbished -RRB- even with the warranty expired for FREE !! . That totally change things , now I would give 5 stars to Panasonic and this telephone.Definitely , I would buy Panasonics phones again.Too bad I can change the rating .
 This phone was great up until it died . I really enjoyed the talking caller ID feature and the generally high quality of the system.I found this page while hunting for a solution to the apparently-infamous `` E3 '' error -- the LCD displays `` E3 '' while flashing the clock icon , and all of the LEDs repeatedly flash . I have no idea why this occurred . The unit was working perfectly , I unplugged it to move it to a new location in the house , and when I plugged it back in it was dead.What an expensive piece of junk .
 -LRB- Shaking head in disbelief -RRB- My phone died within a couple of months after spending well over $ 100 for it . I had the thing boxed up for quite some time , hoping to somehow , someway be able to get the thing serviced.Same deal - E3 error after disconnecting the power connection . If you are ignorant enough to be considering buying one of these phones after reading these reviews -LRB- if they 're still selling these pieces of trash -RRB- I would suggest you buying a battery backup power supply and hardwire it into the output AC contacts . A word of caution - be sure to turn off power to the UPS first . Too bad this information is only viewed by a few - Panasonic sure deserves the black eye .
 What a piece of junk . We 've had this phone for over a couple years now and have tolerated the phones annoying way of changing channels on it 's own , while you are talking !!! So you miss 4 or 5 seconds while the phone changes channels , thus you constantly have to ask people to restate what they just said . Then , just like many other on this board had said - if the power goes out this sucker is a gonner . E3 and flashing lights , that 's all I get after a brief power outage . And I have the surge protector in place for both my phone and my computer . My computer is fine . My phone ? FRIED ! If you have to give a gift to someone you do n't like , say for a family birthday - get them this phone ! For yourself , you 'd be better off with two tin cans and a string .
 When I first got the all the red flashing lights and `` E3 '' error , I thought it must be some sort of power surge . So I changed outlets and changed sets . To no avail . Then I inadventenly plugged in the ac adapter sideways and voila , problem fixed . However , few months later , problem returned . This is such a new phone , I hate to throw it out . So I 'm going to invest in a new ac adaptor 'cause I suspect it has something to do with the contacts . I 'll do that & let you guys know the outcome . I 've had a panasonic in the past that lasted a long time
 I know many people have stated this already but do not buy this phone ! The longest call I am able to have is 45 minutes and then it takes 24 hours to charge . It has done this since I bought it !
 I 'm so disappointed , what a waste of money . I bought this phone about 8 months ago and it is now dead with all the lights flashing and displaying an E3 . Do not buy this phone people , I personally am staying away from any Panasonic product from now on .
 The phone displays E 3 error code and all panel lights are blinking . The phone 's base unit is permanently dead only after a brief power outage . The phone power was protected by a large power surge protector . The phone is less than 1 year old .
 Did not receive clear connection . If you are on the phone and microwaving the phone has a lot of static . Talking caller ID does not pull up names out of phonebook and states unknown name even if it has already been entered in phone book .
 The battery life on this phone is horrible . I 've been through 2 batteries already . Worst phone I ever bought . Going to by a Uniden
 I see that I 'm not the only one to get that E3 message . I installed a new outlet in my apartment and turned off the power for 20 minutes . When I switched the circuit breaker on , the phone was absolutely useless . I 've had it for only a few months!It 's a piece of junk , and I too will never buy another Panasonic phone -LRB- or any other mass produced garbage from the electronic industry giants -RRB- .
 Thank you to everyone who helped seal the fact that this phone is dead after the E3 error . Funny thing is that I 've had the error a few times in the past 6 mos and I 've gotten it to reset every time . This time was the end though ... a power outage and now its dead . : - -LRB-
 This product runs out of ink incredibly fast . When I first got the pen as a gift I thought there was something wrong with those refills . I talked to Cross and they sent me replacement refills at no cost . Those ran out quickly also . i like the pen so much that I continue to use it even though the ink cartridges suck
 After only 4 days of writing for about 10 minutes a day one of the refills is dry . Save your money .
 This is the refill that Cross puts in its SelecTip pens and I have acquired a lot of them . My experience is the same with each pen , and it is not pretty.Skips . Smearing . Bleeding across the paper . A terrible experience.The Cross jumbo ballpoint refill is decent . This one is not .
 I have a Cross pen , and it USE to work great , when I originally bought it . However , ever since I got my first refill , it seems the pen would not flow quite as well after extensive use . I 'd have to leave it alone for a while before it would start flowing well again . Do n't know if it was the particular batch I got or what . I 've opened one package and after this refill , I 'll open another package . Hopefully , I just got a bad batch .
 This does not fit in my Cross pen . I have the sterling silver pen purchased in the late 1980s . The tip does not fit in properly to be exposed and thus I can not write with this refill . When comparing it to what I am replacing
 purchased a refurb . 2-line phone , but was not wired properly - the ` line 1/2 ' modular phone line port contained only 2 wires , not the 4 required to have 2-line use . unfortunately , I needed to use the phone immediately and had no time to wait for an exchange , so I used an adapter and plugged line 1 and line 2 in separately . it works fine , but I should n't have had to go to the electronics store to fix it .
 Written by Wandrwoman : UPDATE
 I was looking for a coreded phone that I could plug my standard headset into . I went to Staples to see which phones had this capability , and the Panasonic KX-TSC14B did , and at a reasonable price . Please note that I did not require a 2-line phone ; it seems that all phones with a headset jack -LRB- at least at Staples -RRB- were 2-line phones.I purchased the phone and was disappointed . For some reason it made my headset sound very hollow . As the previous reviewer noted , there is no mute button -- I guess I should have realized that sooner . The other annoying `` feature '' was if I had the headset plugged in , the calls were always routed to the headset ; even when I picked up the handset ! I could not figure out how to change this behavior.I returned the phone and started my search again . I found a company that makes great Home Office phones ... Aastra . I HIGHLY recommend their phones ... or at least the PT-470 which I wound up purchasing . They also make 2-line phones . Do a Google search for `` Aastra '' .
 Had this phone for a couple of weeks . This phone is simply the worst phone we have ever owned . The voice quality on the handset is as bad as it gets and the people at the other end complain that we MUST be on the speakerphone -LRB- When we are not -RRB- . This thing is going back .
 The audio on the receiver is really bad . The voice tone you hear is very harsh and it is difficult to hear the person speaking to you.Every adjustment I 've tried does n't help the problem . I often have to ask the person I 'm talking to , to repeat what they said . It seems that the person I am speaking to has no problem hearing me on his end.Talk about basics ... What good is a phone that has poor reception ? I do n't know yet whether or not the problem can be corrected with a replacement handset . Also I was not made aware that this telephone needs to be near an electrical outlet in order to function . V.S.Simon , Houston , Texas
 I bought this phone for its price/features relationship . Everything works well so far the only problem I have is that it does not keep the time right . There is always a 2 hours delay respect to my time zone . It is very strange , because it is always 2 hours exact , no matter what time I set , after about half a day it goes back 2 hour behind the time I set.I am using VoIP and it might be taken the hour from some server somewhere , but it bothers me that I can not adjust it . After calling technical support twice they proposed to replace the unit , but I had to send the defective unit first , which is not an option for me . I offer to leave my credit card as back up for them to send me a new unit , but they did not accepted.Other features are ok -LRB- voicemail indicator , call waiting , hold , etc -RRB- what I do not like also is the limit of digits I can store per memory position . I use a calling card to call abroad and I can not enter the 14 digits number of my card after the 1800 number . I am able to do it on my cell phone . I have not tried the second line feature yet , but I am hoping it works well.After careful consideration I decided to keep the phone -LRB- because the time offset is always constant -RRB- , but I would not buy this unit again nor recommended .
 we wanted a portable shredder we could easily store in the closet when not in use . This product meets that criteria but it is a slow shredder ; I wish it was more powerful .
 This was not the item described and would not work in my pencil . A full credit was issued to me and company response was good .
 I ordered this organizer as a Christmas gift for a scrapbooking friend of mine . I ordered the Pink one to go with other scrapbooking storage accessories I had purchased to go along with it , but I received a blue one instead . My friend liked the organizer . I did too , but I was disappointed I did n't get the color I had ordered .
 The more I use these GE phones the more I realize they just plain suck . I have three major complaints :1 . We have a long distance plan where we have to dial an 800 number then enter in the phone number we want to dial . The easy way we used to do it on our old phones is dial the 800 number then wait for the prompt , then go back on the caller ID list and hit dial , then it would dial the number for us . But nooo ... not on these phones , YOU CA N'T review your caller id while the phone is in the Talk mode . The buttons only alter the volume . LAME .2 . Both handsets ca n't be on at the same time . It 's one or the other .3 . There is no ringer volume to change , it 's either on or off . LAMEother than a little static in the far end of the house ... they work ok .
 I never write reviews , but I felt compelled to after paying for this piece of absolute junk -LRB- read
 This is no bargain . Very prone to static -LRB- even compared to my older sets -RRB- and terrible , terrible speakerphone -LRB- again inferior to 2 different older models that I have -RRB- . Very bad . You 've been warned . I 'm a computer guy and do n't really care , but felt compelled to at least put the warning out there .
 What happened to GE products these days ? Yet another junk product by GE . I bought two of these last month for $ 25.00 and I paid $ 24.00 too much ! They are total garbage ! May as well use soup cans and string . The sound quality is absolutely terrible , even set on high . Range is terrible , fading and static 40 feet from the base.My eight year old worn out Unidens are excellent compared to this junk.Only thing decent is the answering machine . Save your money , these are n't worth paying for shipping . Buy something tried and true that has good reviews .
 The phone itself is o.k. if G.E. happens to include all the parts in yours . The answering machine is low quality and cuts of the last few words . I called to get G.E. to send the missing part of the phone which was the belt clip . After being on hold and going through giving lots of information , they refused to help unless I mailed the phone back -LRB- which would leave me with no phone -RRB- . It 's pretty simple to mail me a belt clip but they would n't do it . They sugggested I drive to the nearest outlet -LRB- an hour away -RRB- and buy one . I regret ever buying this phone . The audio boost is just o.k. and is n't enough . I do love the Dect 6.00 technology . No interference and I can talk a long way from the base all the way over to my neighbor 's house . Next time I 'll buy a different brand and get the Dect 6.00
 This phone advertises that it is good for people with mild hearing loss . I hoped it would be good for someone wearing behind the ear hearing aids . Not so . I could not get the telecoil in my hearing aids to sync with the phone . And even with the volume set at maximum , I could not hear the voice at the other end of the line . I returned the phone and replaced it with Panasonic KX-TG9332 which is also DECT 6.0 . It is not especially recommended for the hearing impaired but I am able to use the telecoil on my hearing aids with the phone and the voice on the other end is clear . Also , the manual for the Panasonic is well written which is not the case for the GE.Reviews for phones seldom mention hearing aid users . I hope this will be helpful for those with hearing aids .
 I hate this phone and the people who made it . It simply quit working after two months . The store wo n't take it back and getting warranty help is literally impossible since the warranty is n't owned by the manufacturer - General Electric . That 's $ 60.00 down the drain . Shame on you G.E.
 I was drawn to this phone because of how it looked in the store . All numbers are visable when you are n't wearing reading glasses . After nearly a month of trying to figure out how to work with it , I am giving up and returning it . First problem is that you often have to dial the number several times before it makes the call . Worst problem , I could not get the answering machine message to kick in - ever . All calls went to my phone company voice mail which is more inconvenient than just pushing a message button the way I did on my last 3 answering machines . Then the phone would flash until I retrieved my voice mail from the phone company at least twice . Even after deleting the voice mail , the phone flashed . It was maddening . Too many bells and whisles , poor basic operation .
 Got this phone and a couple extra handsets . Within a few months ALL of the handsets have lines through them -LRB- pixels that wo n't light up -RRB- . Answering machine quality is very low , playbacks are always choppy and seems to cut off the end of messages -LRB- the latter being a common complaint -RRB- . When power is lost the answering machine looses track of time , and unlike almost every other answering machine out there , it will not set itself from the time received on caller-id , so you have to manually set the time every time the lights blink , or you get bad timestamps on the answering machine.Shall I keep going or just admit that this is another GE piece of junk that I should have known better than to buy in the first place .
 Got this for my technology-challenged uncle and had to take it back . No speed dialing - what is up with THAT !? The clerk at the store did n't believe me but he looked through the book too and had to agree he could n't find anything about that either .
 do n't buy this product , you will be very dissapointed in it . you can not understand the other party talking to you .
 I purchased this phone for my grandmother . It was exactly like her old one , big keys and large screen . It turns it is a piece of crap ! The LCD screen you can only partially read and the sound quality stinks . I just found out when I called my grandmother up to ask her about the phone . She is not using it cause another grandson , my cousin , went to walmart and got her a better quality phone for less . It is crappy quality like this that discourages online shopping .
 Good phone for someone who can hear . It says `` mild hearing loss '' and it has amplified booster . However , it disappoints me . Depending on who is on the other end of the phone , two-thirds of the voices are so hard to hear clearly that I find myself melding the phone into my ear . If the caller is on a headset or cell phone , forget it . Might as well use two tin cans on a string . I had to go back to my good ole corded phone which works just fine except I ca n't walk around with it unless I drag the 25 ft cord around . The `` audio boost '' button only boosts it a tiny bit - not enough , plus the ear piece/speaker is tiny too . If one is needing an `` amplified '' phone , better go for the free phones offered through ear doctors - they are the `` real thing '' . My hearing loss is `` mild '' but with this phone I feel like my hearing is non-existant .
 Looks like this would be a great phone if you can find the extra handset to go with it . I found a model number for the handsets but could n't find anyone selling them . Since I ca n't really use the phone with only one handset , I give GE a one star for getting the cart before the horse .
 This phone seemed like it would meet my needs for an affordable , simple phone with answering machine . I 've tried it for two weeks , and I 'm disappointed by the sound quality - I 've left messages that I later found out the other party could not hear , and I get requests to speak louder.Annoyingly , you can not switch between speaker and regular mode while talking . I 'm returning it to the store .
 My husband and I wanted to purchase a new phone since we were moving into a new home and had more space . This was our first expandable handset and it will be our last . We do n't know if it 's our phone that was built with a `` bug '' in it but the conversation is always full of static -LRB- and we have taken the proper precautions to house them away from other electronic devises -RRB- . 8 out of 10 times if you pick up the phone to dial out you wo n't have a dial tone and you will receive a message that says `` unavailable '' - you then have to wait 30-60 seconds to try again . This will also happen when you go to answer an incoming call . Since I operate a home-based business this is not an option for me so we are replacing these phones . Save yourself the hassle of `` you may get a good one , you may not '' and go for a simpler phone . The store we purchased them at was discontinuing them ... I wonder why .
 I liked the look and features on this phone-but it was made cheaply and never worked right for me . It would malfunction and not ring , just go straight to message . It disconnected when I was talking . Had to return it .
 I was disappointed with the quality of this paper . It is not heavy enough for the size of the prints and as a result warps when matted and framed . I would not recommend this product to anyone who is serious about displaying his or her photography .
 NOT A VERY GOOD TRANSACTION.The company shipped the wrong item , Then it took too long to receive a refund , I shipped back the goods paying myself for the shipping and when I got the refund , the amount was less than the amount charged .
 The scanner quit working after about 5 weeks . Wasted a week dealing with Wasp support . Finally returned to Wasp for warranty repair . 3 months later , after numerous phone calls , emails etc , it finally came back . It works , but I will not buy another Wasp product .
 I was admittedly rushing through last minute Christmas shopping , and I needed a quad ruled notebook for my son , who loves structural drawing . The notebook is nice enough , but in my rush I saw the picture of FIVE notebooks , and the price , and thought $ 9.42 was about right for 5 notebooks . But I was only buying ONE at that price ! When I went back and looked at the item on Amazon again , I guess it should be clear that I was only getting one , but they sure make it look like you 're getting a pack .
 The outfit that sold this paper did a crappy job of packaging and the corner of the ream was crushed on arrival making a third of the paper unusable . And it is worth mentioning that the `` 98 '' whiteness rating on this Hammermill product is way off . It has a yellow cast that makes it inferior to many others .
 It does n't work well at all with my optical mouse -LRB- Logitech MX900 -RRB- ; the cursor jumps around , and does n't move smoothly .
 This mouse pad is too thin . The advertised Product Dimensions are wrong and said that it 's 0.2 '' thick but it 's really 0.125 '' . I purposely bought this for the thickness so this is very disappointing.The other Product Dimensions are wrong too . Amazon says 9.5 x 8 but it 's really 9.125 x 7.875 . How does this happen ? Either they 're sending us a different product than the advertised one or they do n't know how to use a ruler . Either cause is bad.Update
 The Fellowes is pretty much a standard cheap mouse pad , with fabric-covered neoprene.Why did n't I like it ? We got two of these to go with some new mice we 'd bought recently , and out of the packaging both mouse pads smelled terrible . Acrid , chemical-like aroma which even weeks later is still noticeable . We tried leaving one out in the sun to see if it made a difference , but it did n't . I 'm not talking a mild annoying smell either . After working with the pad for a few hours , I began wondering why my eyes were watering -- and I 'd gotten the less smelly of the two.The other thing I did n't like about the pad was it was thicker than I would prefer . I ended up spending extra to get an XTrac Ripper oversized mouse pad instead and it 's da bomb . For my spouse , I gave her my old rug-patterned pad , which I bought at a retail computer store a couple years ago , and she likes it fine.I would n't buy this particular pad again , but if you need something cheap and nearly disposable , and you do n't mind the smell , I suppose it 'll do .
 a nice finish and does print out well , but thought it would be heavier for greeting card use . think it would be nice for printing photos , if you do n't have photo paper
 I received these Washington Huskies Mats for my car and one of them was torn so I contacted the company and asked them if they could send me one and I would send the torn one back . They e-mailed me back and apologized and said they did n't have any more of them . I feel they should have offered my a discount since of of them was torn . Oh well I wo n't be purchasing anything from them again .
 I like the functionality of the file folder but I had actually ordered it in black and was sent the color coded one . I do not like the colors , the colors do not match with each other and they do not match with anything in my office . It felt like too much of a hassle to send them back so I found someone else to use the extras . In black this would be a great product .
 If your Cross Century II has a yellow eraser it is a fake imitation and not an authentic Cross LT item . Cross uses a high quality blue eraser . There are other subtle differences between an authentic pen/pencil to these sold on Amazon but they are difficult to describe .
 I ordered this pen & pencil set on my birthday , which I was probably not unconscious of . A birthday present to myself.Bad choice . A clerk in a local stationer 's explained to me that Cross - formerly a reliable manufacturer & purveyor of fine writing instruments - had hit upon the idea of a single body for both pen & pencil - which presumably saves money in manufacturing - with only the insides different . A first disadvantage is that looking down at the two objects in my shirt pocket , a pen and a pencil , they are indistinguishable
 My other phone was getting old and I needed a replacement . I thought the idea of the extra handset was great . I bought the phone and set it up . I was not that pleased with the reception but lost the receipt so I figured I 'd keep using it . Well , the distance stunk , could n't get more than 20 feet away from the base and the static and crackle was horrible . Then the buttons on one handset would not work properly . I was down to one handset because the first one was junk . I will never buy another General Electric cordless phone as I feel like I threw away $ 80.00 ! I have since replaced this phone with a Vtech which is wonderful ! Difference of night and day ! Do n't buy this GE phone unless you want to waste your money !
 I purchased this phone in hopes of finding one that eliminates backround noise . Backround noise is terrible and it transmitts clear as a bell on my baby monitor . It is going back to the store , or in the garbage ! Terrible !
 I bought the set a year ago and the battery is already dead . I ca n't leave them out of the charger so whats the point of being cordless . GE really sunked it this time . Better sell this division because is hurting the image I had of the company . Do n't buy this product . If you have an excellent experience with a phone please comment so I can buy it .
 I bought this phone because Consumer Reports rated it `` excellent '' for voice quality . Not ! There was a lot of echo and a tinny quality , which changing channels only helped somewhat . I did n't have a problem with distance from the base , but I may have returned it too quickly to discover that .
 This phone crapped out on us after just a year or so . Caller ID stopped working , and it does n't ring when people call . Total waste of money .
 I received this phone set as a gift . After four months the audio on the first phone died out along with with keybad and then the recall button . The second phone soon followed suit two months later . What garbage . All from a company that builds airplane engines .
 I was surprised when the tube was delivered because it looked so nice and new and clean in your picture . Alas , the tube I received had been used at least twice . First by Amazon to ship it to me , and second by at least one other user who neglected to remove the previous bar codes but who did indeed remove what looked to be pieces of tape that were holding on the end caps , leaving me with a dirty , worn out tube with torn cardboard on both ends in the shape of shipping tape . It would have been nice to know that the tube you were selling me was used . If I did n't need it immediately , I would return it . I can only hope that it holds up to one more shipment . Very disappointed Amazon !
 Like said in other reviews , this arrived in a super bulky box and was dented , scratched , and torn . So not worth it , I want my money back !!!!
 The mailing tube arrived in a ridiculously large box that seemed extremely wasteful and unnecessary . In addition to that , the tube was completely tattered and dented on one side so the plastic cap could n't even be secured into the tube . I would have sent this back but , unfortunately , we needed this for something ASAP and had to make due with the damaged tube . I was very disappointed and would not recommend this product or vendor .
 Do n't ask it to do much because it wo n't respond . It you use it for more than a few minutes and feed it more than two pieces folded it will probably dig its heals in and then die like mine did .
 The minute it arrived it did n't work right . What a waste of money ! Do n't bother buying it !! If I could give it negative stars I would . One star only because I had to choose a star to rate it .
 the warming unit does not get very warm . you 'd be just as warm wearing some socks.the fabric is thin and flimsy-and does n't insulate much heat.cheap construction . poor design .
 I purchased a Partner B-3 for Thai from ECTACO . The first model arrived and did not work . The Partner is actually a Franklin EBookman which has to load a proprietary operating system from either the computer using a USB connection or from an MMC . The one I was sent would not load from the MMC . After spending 10 days working with their tech support person , I returned it for a new one . The new one arrived a week later . I tried to work with it , but found it totally unacceptable . The screen is very difficult to read , the documentation is non existent for the desktop module and very limited for the Partner itself , and if you want to run the music option , you have to remove the MMC and install a different one which disables the translation software . In addition , I tired loading 19 MP3 songs and it took over an hour . This was after spending several hours trying to figure out how to do it . They do not use the native MP3 file , but have to translate into some proprietary format so you have to load them through a desktop synchronization program . When loaded , all of the song titles were mixed in with the organizer options . They appeared just like additional organizer tools making it very difficult to find the organizer options . The sound quality for the music was marginal at best.While there may be work-rounds for some of the above problems , the lack of documentation makes it near impossible to find them . I also note that the eBookman by Franklin , which the Partner B-3 is based on , provides a reference book and help function for the eBookman AND the desktop . The ECTACO does not.Lastly , after I returned the 1st Partner , they sent me an e-mail offering a significant discount for the Partner B-3 . This is apparently unavailable for the one I just received putting me at a significant financial disadvantage.The bottom line is I was completely dissatisfied with this device and wanted to return it for a refund . They said since I was outside of the 7 day window -LRB- it expired while I was working with their tech support trying to get it to load the operating system off of the MMC -RRB- they would not refund my purchase price.Strongly recommend against this product . A real dog !
 I bought these to stick to my photo albums , and they all fell off by the next morning after sticking them on . I am very disappointed . Great concept , but they need to stick !
 This better be a teriffic self-delivering paper tube if it costs 63 bucks a piece . Otherwise , I think they are a bit over priced . If I were writing the ad for your company I 'd have told how many paper tubes a customer receives for the price .
 This product was advertised to be able to take to a conference , meeting and be able to record the speaker . I can not record anything unless my mouth is right up against the mic . Piece of crap and I paid over a hundred dollars . I sure feel like a sucker . I could have purchased a cheap recorder and got better results . Too much background noise , even when there was no other noise in the room . Good only as a personal microphone .
 I paid $ 250 for a voice recorder and could n't find the CD when I replaced my laptop . You 'd think Sony would offer a download or replacement through support - but NO . You have to BUY the software all over again . The $ 250 recorder is now useless because of their proprietary format , but I 'll be darned if they are getting another penny of my money , and they should n't get a penny of yours .
 got this as a gift to give at Christmas to my family.They were not very impressed.can ' t really write with this because it does n't have any support to the body of the pen .
 We thought this would be a great pen to use to fill out our poo log . Two times it worked and the ink is out what a peice of crap haha no pun terrible buy .
 This vendor was too inflexible to change shipping instructions and as a result the product was never received . Vendor then had the temerity to say the I returned the product . Not true - never received . I wanted it .
 Do not , under ANY circumstance , attempt to increase the ringer volume on the handsets . I have a six handset installation in my engineering offices and every single handset which we attempted to increase the ringer volume STOPPED RINGING ENTIRELY . This is a programming error on Panasonics part , because we changed the ringer volume setting exactly according to the instructions . Now we have a silent system . The only way to tell if a call is coming in is by watching to see if the light on the phones start blinking . Fine if we were the Deaf Institute of America , but not so good for a busy professional engineering office . Two Thumbs Down .
 Have had no issues with the base station , though I use it with Vonage , so I do n't use the base station 's voicemail feature . After about a year the sound quality on both handsets is dropping off badly , both in speaker mode and non-speaker mode . One handset is worse than the other .
 It 's overpriced for what it is -- a handset for a wireless phone -LRB- not a cell phone -RRB- , but Panasonic said no other manufacturer 's phone will work with my Panasonic base unit , and I needed an additional location . I do n't notice anything special about voice quality , build appears to be sturdy , it has a number of features , but comes with no instructions on what they are , let alone how to use them . At this price , it should have .
 We liked these phones because we could add extensions . But we sent the first set back because the caller ID did n't work with our digital service . On calling Panasonic we were assured the caller ID should work with digital service , so they sent us another set , reconditioned even though we had paid for new phones the first time . The caller ID still does n't work . I think we 'll have to go to a different brand . We have MUCH older phones that the caller ID works fine with the digital service .
 Spending extra money on a `` name brand '' phone with 3 wireless handsets and caller ID seemed like a `` smart move '' ... WRONG !! Problems began from the very start , even problems with PANASONIC CORPORATION keeping their word and replacing the units . First , the calller ID did not work very well on all of the phones - intermittent at best . This was a poor choice because we used the phones in our business , from the base unit to the office to the workshop -- we could hardly ever tell who was calling or who had called.Several calls to technical support gave help but nothing changed the problem . Then we received AUTHORIZATION WITH a customer reference number for a complete replacement of all phones ! The authorization was received within the 12 months warranty period . But ah-ah-ah . They did not receive the units within the 12 months warranty period , by the time we stopped trying to run the business long enough to buy replacement phones to use while they were being returned , locate packaging , pack and ship out by UPS . Panasonic Corporation received the phones but REFUSED to REPLACE THEM !!! but wanted $ 127.50 to repair them -LRB- HALF AGAIN THEIR ORIGINAL COST -RRB- ! Many frustrating callS to PANASONIC CORPORATION Customer Service ensued citing the authorization for replacement . This still ended in denial and refusal to help . More calls to supervisors ensued -LRB- after all a purchase of over $ 225 for phones should be worth something -RRB- . Still refusal to keep their word to replace the phones.Finally , another supervisor authorized the one time replacement of all three phones . She said she would email me a letter confirming this authorization -- ANd NEVER DID !! I faxed to her all the correspondence , model # 's , serial # 's , work orders as she requested . Some time later I get a refurbished base station with 2 of the phones but not the third phone .
 The phone did not work when received . Sent several e-mails to seller and I never received a responce . Had to send it back manufacturer for replacement .
 Panasonic downsized the regular 5.8 ghz phone , and the Battery is Smaller . Range is not as good as the larger 5.8 ghz but is ok sound is ok but not excellent . Big problem is that phone is too small and the keypad is more like a cellphone size.How did panasonic let this phone get to development?Not an Improvement . i am returning it and buying the older 5.8 Ghz Panasonic phone -LRB- the one with the external antenna -RRB- . I love panasonics , but sometimes More is More.Jacob
 This is probably the 4th or 5th wireless land line phone I 've had and probably the 3rd Panasonic . The sound on my end is the worst of ANY phone I have ever used . The people on the other end hear me fine but for me at this end -LRB- with one base station and 2 additional satellite units upstairs -RRB- it is an unclear , static-filled , painful experience that is NOT improved by increasing the volume or hitting the Booster feature . This is the first phone I 've had at the new highest frequency -LRB- 900 MHz or 3 GHz or whatever -RRB- so maybe it is that . The base unit is no better than the handsets and the handsets are no better if you are close to the base unit . I 'm seriously thinking of going back to my old phones but the LCD 's do n't work anymore so you ca n't make use of the Caller ID features ! I had to buy this phone since I need a 2-line wireless option and there were no others . Other features were fine but the speakers are so poor that I can not recommend this phone at all .
 I am quite disappointed with this phone . The device is advertised as GigaRange . Well , you would expect 60 feet to be with in that range . Actually , I expected I would be able to take the phone to my back yard or even to the street and still be able to communicate . When I had a problem in my garage and tried to Intercom with my wife at home -LRB- about 70 feet -RRB- the connection to the base station simply died . Previously I owned the Panasonic 2.4 G 4-line device -LRB- this one has 2 input lines -RRB- and it worked very well even as far as 180 feet . The KX6700 base station is located exactly where the 2.4 G base station used to be but the reception is very poor.Furthermore , I found the voice quality to be unacceptable . I can barely hear the called and all the handsets are set to maximum volume.Other than that , the device looks nice and has good features . Memory , answering machine , intercom , call transfer , etc. are all working nicely . Still , I would not recommend this set to anyone who has a standard sized home . If you have a smaller home with not too many wall , this phone should address your needs nicely .
 Phone stops ringing - absolutely no help from Panasonic 's tech support . Anything but this phone!Panasonic KX-TGA670B - Extra Handset for KX6700 Series -LRB- 2-LINE -RRB- - Black
 I ordered bookends with rubber on the bottom to create friction however the bookends I received had no such rubber as was advertised to me and which is why I ordered this particular bookend in the first place . Terrible .
 I read the reviews and the description for the black bookends , but picked the gray ones as it seemed to me that they was no difference between them , and I liked better that dark gray color that you see on the pictures.I received the bookends -LRB- very fast , I must say -RRB- last night and was disappointed at their color , for it is light gray , almost white.this morning when I put them on my bookshelf , surprise ! there is no padded base ! which , on my slippery shelf , does n't make the books stable at all , and this is a problem because the shelf is on the wall , over the door .
 Lots of static making conversing difficult . I had the phone company out here four times until we discovered it was the phone and not the line . You get what you pay for . Buy a more expensive phone -LRB- suggestions anyone ? -RRB- and hopefully it will be static-free .
 The phone works just fine , but I 've had it less than 6 months and it does n't want to hold a charge anymore . It gives warning beeps in less than 5 minutes after having charged all night . Now ... Do I buy a new battery for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks or just get a new phone ?
 I used this calculator sporadically for barely over a year . Several of the elements of the display went out and the case cracked . I have not encountered any of these problems with the Casio 115MS or a Ti-30X which I used for 7 years before I bought this one to replace it .
 I have had problems with this product , I have contacted Casio twice about it and still no responce . Poor customer service and tech support . I do n't think I would reccommend this product .
 It is not possible to get the label software to run without crashing under Windows XP SP2 ; wasted several hours trying to make it work . Downloaded the updates from Casio 's website but the application still would not start or would start and immediately crash . Had to install Windows 2000 under VMWare and finally I could get the software would run . However I was not able to print to the device -LRB- even though it had installed correctly -RRB- . To make matters worse , even in manual mode the cartridge ink ribbon jammed on the first try . Tried a different cartridge and it also jammed . Returned it for another and exactly the same issue occurred . This product is terrible ! I finally gave up and purchasedBrother PT-1950 Desktop 5-Line PC-Ready Labelerinstead .
 I have used this device for three years . It used to run great under Windows XP . I have now upgraded to Windows 7 64bit edition . This device does NOT work with a 64bit OS . I contacted Casio support and asked if there would be 64bit drivers . They stated there would not be and their `` solution '' was for me to install a 32bit OS and dual boot . Sorry , I 'm not going through the hassle for one device . All my other peripherals have 64bit drivers . This device should , too . I consider that answer Customer Disservice.UPDATE
 Ribbon jammed and tore the second time I used itAVOID !
 I read the other reviews and purchased this numbering machine based on those reviews , which except for 1 , were very positive . NO ONE , HOWEVER , MENTIONED THE INSTRUCTIONS that came with the machine . They are not specific enough . I searched the web for better instructions , but only found the same sheet that comes with the product . The line drawings of the machine are not detailed enough for me , and it took me a long time to figure out how to work the machine . Granted , I had never used a numbering machine before , but I am a reasonably intelligent person who would not have experienced such difficulty if better instructions had been included . The machine does work well once you figure it out !!
 I needed a numbering machine with the option of zeros appearing or disappearing at will . This machine has the option of depressing the zeros . But once you depress the zeros there 's no way to turn them back on . They remain depressed for good . There 's also no blank . So I contacted Sparco . My call has not been retuned since three days ago . I suppose they 're stuck with those zeros . This a useless piece of equipment heading for the trash bin in no time .
 Ordered a NEW cash drawer . The one I received was banged up , and had a difficult time getting key in and out of the lock . Definitely not in new condition .
 I bought these markers based on positive reviews of sharpie products , but received the worst quality markers I have ever known . I opened one of them . Right from the box it was very good . I labeled some black plastic items and then stored it tightly closed as advised on the carton -LRB- tip down -RRB- . I opened the same marker 2 weeks after the first 20 seconds of usage and could hardly write a single letter . I do n't know how many seconds would have the pen lasted on first usage.Now I am prepared and saved the second one for a single use .
 The idiots who designed this made it with no clip on the cap , which I need to carry it in my pocket.Probably designed in a third world country where they do n't have pockets in what few clothes they own.It does n't say where the product was actually made . About half of the package is in some foreign language , not English.Now I know not to buy Newell Rubbermaid products -LRB- who makes Sharpies -RRB- .
 With two of them , you would suppose that just maybe ... one would work if the other is used a bit and peters out . That is not the case . They really are pretty much a single usage item . The vivid color remains for a very short duration ... and it is virtually impossible to use them on anything but craft papers ... such as for a poster touch up . If you try to mark anything that is at all porous ... it goes dry . If you try to write on a hard surface , better get it correct fast , as it soon stops writing all together ... and no amount of shaking , or waiting for it to revive , will make the slightest difference . Once it has made its ' single line ... it is all done functioning . Not only are they extremely short lived , but the quality of the lines it writes , also decrease with time ... until there is a barely noticeable line at all . Not exactly a high quality product . Save your money . Generally I like my sharpies . . but hate these ... as they simply do not work at all well .
 I started using Packet8 recently and the call qualityis the absolute worst - there would be long hold ups , busy tones , etc. . I spoke to their tech support whotried to fix it but the did n't . I was recommended this service by my sister in a differentarea using different equipment , with the same lousy service.When I called to cancel the service , they charged me $ 60 to get rid of the service because I exceeded the 30-day return-limit . I pointed out that I tried to get the problem fixed with theirsupport and hence had passed the 30-day limit , but 2 different customer service reps could do nothing about it . When Itried asking for their supervisor , they basically said thesupervisor is busy and might or might not call me back.After several futile tries on different days with the same response each time , I basicallygot sick of it and just paid the $ 60 to get rid of this.Absolutely WORST customer service which you need becauseof VERY bad call quality makes this something you shouldstay CLEAR of .
 The D-link adapter uses up so much of my system 's resources that it causes calls to drop . It was very convenient to be able to call my parents using my cordless phone and walk around the house , but the quality and consistency is better when I just unplug the adapter and use my headset.Also , the adapter only `` sees '' Skype about 30 % of the time .
 This thing crashed my computer three times -LRB- blue screen of death -RRB- , not even worth returning or trying to get my money back . In the trash !
 Although I was able to get it to work for a couple days on my Windows XP SP2 system , I came in this morning and the adapter had no power . I unplugged it from my D-Link DUB-H7 7-port powered USB 2.0 Hub and plugged it back in the same port . Still no power.I realized that the power LED associated with that port on the hub was not lit where as all the other ports were lit showing they had power.So I tried plugging in the DPH-50U into another port on the hub . the power light on the DPH-50U went on for a split second and then went out . The power LED on my hub then went out too.So like an idiot , I plugged the DPH-50U into yet another port on my hub and the same thing happened . So now 3 ports on my HUB no longer have power because they were shorted out by the DPH-50U . I suspect it 's because the DPH-50U draws too much power ? But it was working 24-7 for a couple days.So I called D-Link and they said they ca n't issue an RMA for the DPH-50U unless I try plugging it directly into my computer . But I am afraid it will short out that port on my motherboard and ruin that too ! But their tech support said that they ca n't issue an RMA until I 've tried everything over the phone . I explained to them that I do n't want to risk killing my motherboard too and he said , `` I understand you don ; t want to risk it , but if you do n't do it , we ca n't issue an RMA . '' What ?!?! They want me to risk killing my motherboard just to see if it 's working?So to top it off , I called D-Link customer service and they said that since my D-Link hub is out of warranty , they wo n't fix it even though THEIR DPH-50U caused the malfunction . I can see their point that they are not responsible for any damage caused by their products , but they wo n't even repair an in-warranty item unless I risk damaging additional hardware which they are not responsible for . That sucks!I guess I am just SOL.Buyer beware ...
 Didnt read the reviews . I had an impulse buy . Hardware is okay . But as stated , the software is junk . Used several phones and you CAN NOT dial out using skype and a regular phone . Incoming skype phones dont ring regular phones . Why do I need this ?? Getting rid of my hard wired phone soon . Have a usb soft phone I got from wal-mart -LRB- 28 $ $ -RRB- . And for my other reviews about being a techno phobe ... I downgraded to winxp and would take win98se back anytime . Its musical chairs finding drivers for both os 's ; However , there share a common bond -- a bill gates piece of s@#t!!!!!
 It might have worked just great ... if I did n't have XP with Service Pack 3 . After searching the Skype forums -LRB- because D-Link 's call center is in India , and I could barely understand the rep -RRB- , I found out this only works with Service Pack 2 . If you have Vista , you might be OK.I 'm now searching for another adapter or will just get a USB phone .
 The D-Link telephone adapter DPH-50U is what I would classify as just OK . The first try at install did not work because I had Skype software already installed . I tried 3 times and sent D-Link support an email . . No reply whatsoever . Finally removed the Skype software and installed everything in the D-Link package and it sort of worked . Downloaded the new version of Skype and it worked a little better . Then downloaded the new driver from D-Link . Problem is that everytime the computer is rebooted for any reason the D-Link adapter will not connect to VOIP until the telephone line is disconnected and reconnected . Other solutions are alot more expensive and I can use my existing cordless telephones for Skype calls
 I bought this product a few days ago and had to return it . On my XP machine , it messed up my incoming calls as it drew too much power and my phone rang continuously . On Vista , the link with my phone got dropped and the call went back to the PC . I 've tried all the driver versions without any success . D-link support could n't help and suggested I return the product.Update
 Do not buy this adapter for use with XP Pro SP2 . The drivers go puff for no apparent reason and you must reinstall , a 10 minute process . Once installed the drivers periodically take 95 % + of the CPU , the only way to stop the CPU hemorrahge is to reboot-then guess what ? Time to reinstall the drivers !!! When the drivers are present and not taking all the CPU time it makes good calls . This product is cheap but not worth the hassle . And yes I used the latest drivers from DLINK . I am now stuck with this software on my PC , no way to remove it ; the uninstall utility does not work and Windows Add/Remove can not get rid of it . I purchased this item for a friend to use -LRB- as the local Help Desk Guy I try it out first -RRB- and installed on their XP Home PC and it works perfectly !
 After looking over reviews from other customers , I noticed a trend in what they were saying but failed to listen . Most of the reviews are pre-2008 and were from 2006 . I take it that was when the DPH-50U was launched . STILL TO THIS DAY THE DRIVERS ON THIS DEVICE ARE TERRIBLE !!!! I downloaded Skypemate with it , because I read that another user had it work for them . Not for me . The reason I purchased the product was to have the mobility to move about my home freely without being tied down in front of my computer screen . My webcam has n't dropped a call once , but I once again have to sit in front of the computer to use my VOIP . Do not buy this device . DO NOT !!!
 D-Link DPH-50U Skype USB Phone AdapterThis product has given nothing but trouble . The main problem is that it crashes in the middle of most calls that last longer than a few minutes . After downloading new software from the d-link web site the problem still persisted . When I contacted d-link I was told that the software had n't been updated to work with Windows XP SP3 and that I would have to remove it and reinstall SP2 . Furthermore , nothing on the d-link web site warned the potential buyer of this problem . Advice - do n't touch it with a ten foot pole .
 What an annoying piece of hardware ! The unit will hang up on people in mid conversation . There 's no predicting when this will happen . Sometimes I can talk for only a few minutes , other times it 's up to an hour . No tech support , no drivers -LRB- Skype has updated itself to 3.0 and still no new drivers -RRB- and the DPH-50U currently is n't supported under Vista . Think hard before spending your money on this one .
 This product does not support Macs ; if you are using one do not waste funds buying this .
 Useless to make phone calls and expect it does n't get you hung up ! Customer support is equally lousy . I will be returning this product today . Before returning I wanted to jot down how it turned out to be for me . Will update soon If I get a working product .
 This device is of very limited usefulness . Had to abandon installation and go to a different solution . Two main problems
 If you ever upgrade to a 64bit OS -LRB- Like Windows 7 -RRB- the DPH-50U will become useless . D-Link does not support 64bit and has no plans to support 64bit . Read more on their forum :[ ... -RSB-
 Nothing fancy to say here , it 's not as reliable of a device as it 's marketed as . I ordered it , I got it , I put it to use , and now it sits in a box with the rest of my unwanted toys . I use the Belkin desktop phone -LRB- F1PP010EN-SK -RRB- and could n't be happier . Grab the Belkin phone when you see it on sale for about $ 59 and you 'll do yourself a favor .
 FYI - this device only works with computers running Windows software . If you run Linux - well , move along ... nothing to see here ... I contacted D-Link about the drivers , and there are no plans to make Linux drivers for this equipment.Note
 Could not get this to work . D-link tech support hours are limited if you happen to work for a living and ca n't take 4 hours off to be on the phone and still not get your problems resolved . There are better adapters out there . I 'd avoid this one .
 I have had this item for a week and it is the most unreliable piece of garbage I have ever used . I have had to unplug it from my computer after every call and reinstall and set up or I could not make another call . I went to D-Link and installed the latest drivers , but this still has not fixed the issues . This unit is a wast of time and money .
 Software always indicated a failed connection , even when the device was connected . We had several power failures during the week we tried to use the thing , and it never re-connected by itself . I had to manually cycle the power each time . A great idea , but not yet ready for prime time .
 I purchased the product but could not make it work with Window 's Vista and Skype 4.0 . Driver is not compatible . Tried many different web sites for solutions but could not find anyone with a fix . Did n't want to wait 30 minutes on hold with supplier to try to resolve the problem . Product is sitting on my shelf unused where it will likely remain for some time . Wished I would n't have gone with the cheap solution ... sl
 Although this product works on Windows there are n't any drivers available for MAC OS X -LRB- my primary interest -RRB- so it is n't very useful to me .
 It does not work consistently on my ACER ONE computer . Most of the time it does not transmit sound . Hangs up and or spases out in the middle of the call if I have a land line connected when using Skype . Pretty much been a hassle and unusable 4 out of 5 calls .
 I picked up one of these units for work . I checked it out thouroughy and it seemed OK . I am a techie and have long work and personal issues with D-Link products . If they work , they work OK . If they do not work , you are on your own . Turns out that this unit is listed as `` compatible '' with all versions of Windows , including Vista . In reality , this is not true and it will not work with Windows 64 bit . I contacted D-Link tech support 3 times in early february via e-mail and phone -LRB- not in the manual , had to dig on the net -RRB- and they still have not responded . pay a little more $ $ and buy a slightly more expensive unit that has support .
 It works , and it 's pretty cool ... But I had a lot of trouble with driver crashing and frequent problems making a call out.I would not advise counting on this product for a reliable phone service.Unfortunately , I do n't have a recommendation for a better product .
 If I could give it ZERO stars I would have . This is the worst thing you could buy if you want to use Skype . Constant hang ups will frustrate you and cost you money Skype in the way of skype credit . Do n't buy this , it was one of the worst purchases I have made in years .
 I just bought one of these and when it works it works well . However , it keeps crashing the skype application after picking up the phone and hanging up while in VOIP mode . It seems that the USB driver is unstable and forcing the skype client to crash . I am currently using D-link driver version 1.16 and skype client version 2.5.0.146 .
 I wish Amazon would let you give zero stars ... I have been wrestling with this hideous mistake for a week now . Downloaded the `` current '' drivers from D-Link , etc. . I could get it to work , but it kept wonking out my Vista Business edition . Got the Blue Screen of Death twice and finally decided to uninstall it . But I CA N'T !!!!! The unsupported software from D-Link will not uninstall . Do n't buy this . Do n't buy this . Do n't buy this .
 All D-Link products are horrible , miserable hunks of junk . You should not buy this product or the rebranded version from US Robotics . It does not work with the latest versions of Skype . D-Link has not ever updated their buggy drivers . It causes Skype to crash very frequently . The sound quality is poor . To dial a number , you have to prepend your country code -LRB- 00 in US -RRB- even though Skype does n't require this . There 's something wrong with the ring tone , which sounds like it 's struggling to ring.Basically , do n't ever buy another D-Link product . The products are cheap because they are terrible .
 Let us cut to the chase ... Instruction & software cd = worthlessStated system requirements = vague & incompleteNever pay full price for this kind of item from a 3rd-tier vendor
 This product is horrible . It never worked from the start . One star is too good . It was constantly dropping calls , I had problems getting a call started . If you are looking at getting this I would not waste your money you will be disappointed !
 I 'm a network engineer by trade , so I have a 2003 server at home . Even with the recommended US robotics driver update that people have used , the software constantly crashes and the device stops working . It is not really spec 'd for 2003 use , so maybe it would work better on XP . But it did install without any errors , etc. . Skype voice quality is OK when it works . Not as good as a cell phone though . My goal of dropping my verizon line was not met .
 I purchased this Adapter for Skype , and it did n't work at all . I tried several different configurations , and still nothing . Sometimes you do get what you pay for .
 I followed the instructions on other posts and installed the newest drivers . It took a little time , but after installation everything worked great for 2 days . On the 3rd day it started dropping calls and on the 4th day it would n't even recognize skype . I spent hours trying to find the problem and concluded that the DPH-50U is cheap , low quality , and unreliable . I mailed it back the next day .3 / 15/2009
 You really need to pass on this one .1 -RRB- It was hard to get the drivers installed2 -RRB- It loses connection with Skype frequently , like if your computer goes into sleep mode3 -RRB- Started getting blue screen of death when I plugged it inKeep looking . Not even worth $ 10 .
 I had real problems with this phone adapter just installing it under Windows Vista Home Premium . Using the installation CD resulted in a `` blue screen '' , which I have n't seen since Windows ME.I had to download the Windows Vista driver from the DLink web site , and then , even though with the download came a set-up application , I had to manually install the driver for this item.After 1 week of usage , now the adapter makes the connected phone ring uncontrolled and unstoppable -LRB- only disconnecting the adapter gave me peace -RRB- . When doing that , the adapter starts buzzing and shivering.I had to return this item and will not get any DLink product anymore , as there is no -LRB- free -RRB- phone support at all .
 I bought this with lots of hope . It claims to do lots of things . But fails doing most . Software is very buggy . Call forwarding from Skype to PSTN does not work . Also the other way around never works . Only thing works on this is it can be used as a USB Skype adaptor for a regular phone . You do not need this to do that . Contacted customer support , they did not even responded . It 's just a brick for me right now .
 Although I am technically very proficient , I have been unable to get thisdevice to work with a valid driver . Several times it crashed more than one Windows XP machine I tried it on . Checked around the web , no solutions available.The manufacturer does not have clear instructions or a working driver at their website.Recommend D-Link remove this product offering or Amazon not have it available for sale until the manufacturer has solved this problem .
 Many products fail to list Vista as an operating system on which they 'll work , but they work on Vista nevertheless . This product does n't work on the Vista OS . I kept it anyway , because it was so cheap . It was n't worth the trouble to return .
 I folowed the installation instructions to the letter , but my Windows XP Found New Hardware wizard pop-up stated
 I was really excited as this adapter arrived only to realize that this does not have 64-bit drivers for either Vista or XP professional . Worst part is that it does not have 32-bit drivers for Windows 2003 as well and the computers at my place are 64-bit except a lone computer that is 32-bit is Win2003 . So this piece turned out to be absolutely useless . So before you buy , please check compatibility at http://support.dlink.com/products/view.asp?productid=DPH-50U . I had expected that at lease this basic compatibility information be put up by Amazon on their product description.The other bad part of this product is that it draws too much power from the USB port . It has a 500 mA current requirement from the USB port . So anywhere in the ad if its mentioned that you can talk from your laptop , that is too good to be true . It will drain off your laptop battery very quickly.Since this product never worked for me , I have nothing positive to write about it .
 A complete disaster of a product . No current support from DLink for this product and installation on XP SP3 was a nightmare . It does not work . It is no wonder many of the major online merchants do not stock it anymore -LRB- i think it will soon be a discontinued product -RRB- . I wasted my money on it . I am researching the similar ZOOM voip adaptor to replace the piece of useless plastic i just bought !
 This device does not work with 64-bit computers and D-Link has no plan to create a 64-bit driver .
 I read the other reviews and was annoyed to find that the one I ordered from Bestbuy -LRB- Sept. 2009 -RRB- was the first version of the hardware with the first version of the software . When plugged in , it never turned on . If you buy this and intent to use it on any modern computer , make sure it is NOT H/W version A1 before buying . Later versions of this might have worked , but this one never even lit up . Beware !
 I have just completed a grueling ordeal working my way up through D-Link tech support . When I finally reached the third-tier support level , I was informed that D-Link 's current driver will not work with Windows Vista SP2 . At the time of this review - August 2009 - that is the current version of Vista . Anyone buying a new Windows computer , or who keeps their Vista system up to date , should avoid this D-Link product . For others , be cautious because should you update or replace an older system in the future , you may find this device will no longer work for you . There is no indication or expectation from D-Link support that this will ever be corrected . Presume that when Windows 7 rolls out too , the device will also not work . From the current marketing and significant price decrease , I speculate that this could be an abandoned , near obsolete product.There is extensive online information showing a persistent history of driver problems throughout this product 's existence . One suggested workaround was to use a US Robotics driver for a comparable device . That advice was sound when only the Version 1.0 driver was available from D-Link , but there is a ver . 1.1 driver now that is later than the US Robotics one . While trying to get this to work , I did experiment with the US Robotics driver but had the same difficulties.If you choose to try this device with a non-Vista SP2 system , note that the product shipped with both an out-of-date installation guide , and the old driver . Do not use them . Go to the D-Link site and download the current driver and a PDF of the guide.The following is my observation of D-Link technical support gained from this experience , so if your only interest is a review of the device you need not read further.On the plus side , the initial call , which was toll-free , got me quickly to a tier one support person . After working through tier one and tier two support , I had to call back for tier three - what they call a `` Product Specialist '' - and that call was quickly answered as well . On the minus side , and this was enormous , this problem with Vista SP2 is known to D-Link , but they are apparently keeping it a secret . There is no mention of it on their website support , in support forums , nor in any documentation , yet after spending well over an hour with D-Link tech support , most of that with the tier one and two technicians , the tier three technician informed me immediately that their current driver will not work , and there is no expectation that there ever will be a driver . I asked why there is no mention of the fact that the device will not work with any current Windows Vista system , and he was unable to answer that.With the online research I performed prior to purchase and after I ran into problems , the time working with D-Link tech support , and with the personal troubleshooting with reinstalls and reboots , I spent in excess of five hours on this product , only to have D-Link inform me over an hour into the phone support process that it wo n't work , they know it wo n't work , and they do n't know if it will ever work . Of course , this information should have been readily - and even prominently - available on their website . Instead , their negligence - whether from incompetence , or contempt for the customer - caused me to waste a great deal of time , and endure further hassle with returning the product to Amazon , not to mention the cost to Amazon for the return shipping , and the return to D-Link . This is my second experience with D-Link equipment , and my second completely negative one . As a systems administrator I 've worked with a lot of networking gear , but D-Link 's consistent poor performance has insured that for me , they will never be an approved vendor .
 This sounded like an ideal product from the descriptions on Amazon.com and on D-Link 's website . The $ -LSB- ... -RSB- rebate made me take a flyer , even though a voice inside my head kept telling me `` if it sounds too good to be true it must be '' . The hardware seems reasonably well designed . Some reviewers have complained that the USB interface draws too much current , but none of the machines I tried it on had any trouble coping with it.The software , on the other hand , was pure junk ! The biggest problem is that there are no 64-bit drivers for the DPH-50U -LRB- and D-Link has explicitly declared in their users forum that they have no intent of ever supplying any -RRB- . There is nothing on their website or in the packaging to warn you of this limitation.The version on the 32-bit CD that came with it would crash after each and every call -LRB- and BSOD intermittently , even if you restarted it after each crash -RRB- . After trying the USRobotics 9620 software -LRB- which turns out to be compatible with the DPH-50U -RRB- , I was able to get it down to 2-3 crashes per day , but still I had to dedicate an entire 32-bit XP box to host the thing!There is no Linux support , either , so the idea of connecting the DPH-50U to your SmoothWall router or other dedicated Linux gateway and enjoying the benefits of QoS shaping is another impossible dream . Really , if D-Link has no intention of supporting this device they could at least make it possible for the ` Net community to do something useful with it . D-Link dropped more than a couple of notches in my personal estimation after my experience.My ultimate `` solution '' was to create a Virtual Appliance -LRB- running Windows XP SP3 -RRB- under VMware Server 2.0 on a 64-bit Windows Server 2003 R2 box . I used the D-Link software for 32-bit Windows Vista -LRB- beta version 1.16.09 DK13 -RRB- and access the DPH-50U using a virtual USB port.This configuration only seems to crash about once a day . Annoying but not impossible to live with , especially since I do n't have to dedicate a whole physical machine to the DPH-50U . I also successfully tried the same technique under VMware Workstation 6.5 and Sun 's xVM VirtualBox 3.0 . I was not able to run it under Hyper-V or VMware ESXi because there is no virtual USB support in these products.Bottom line , be prepared for lots of tinkering if you buy this adapter ...
 The unit basically works now and the call quality is good . The suppied SW crashed badly -LRB- w/Windows XP SP2 -RRB- but the latest version downloaded from Dlink 's support site is better . Skype removed Speed Dial from the latest version so there 's no way to access your contact list from the external handset . There 's also no way to access voicemail other than to go to the PC and play it
 There is no driver support for modern PC 's - DO NOT BUY . As a PC enthusiast I 've been using 64 bit operating systems for 6 yrs as they support more than 3gb of ram ... I was appalled to see this product not support that .
 No Vista 64 bit or Windows 7 support . 6 months of requests for Vista 64 bit drivers and no drivers or even possible dates . This device is a paperweight for me and D-Link does not care to offer the least bit of support .
 Length :
 After using this for a few days it seems to be a pos . When i restart my PC i have to unplug the device and stop the software to get it to work right . its annoying to dial a number , for a local number i have to dial
 I 've been using the D-link DPH-50U for several weeks now . When it works it 's great but there are often times where an error occurs and it has to shut down . I 've had to reinstall the software 3 times to `` fix '' the problem but it still malfunctions now and then . My calls get disconnected occasionally as well but this may be more of an issue with Skype than it is with the D-link . If I had the option I 'd probably return it .
 DO NOT buy this if you have a Vista 64 , Windows 7 64 or any 64-bit OS . Basically any computer manufactured in the last 2-3 years . D-Link stopped supporting this device and will not create drivers for any 64-bit OS . I have searched high and low and there is no way to get this to work on a modern computer . This was a great idea but was abandoned by the manufacture . I will not be buying any D-Link products in the future .
 D-Link Skype USB phone adapter software and hardware did not work . I struggled for several hours and then read deeper into other people 's hardships regarding their software . Lucky for me I also purchased the significantly cheaper USB Telbox from Amazon which is working just fine with my portable Panasonic phone system using Skypemate software -LRB- a free download -RRB- . Wake up D-Link and pay attention to the public - There are over 400 million Skype users out there .
 The driver provided in the package on CD crashed my computer . There was some sort of conflict with ALL of my printers . I had to uninstalled the D-Link and all of my printers , go get the latest driver for the D-Link and reinstall everything . Once I did all of that the D-Link worked okay.Bottom-line
 I tried for a few hours to get the D-Link software to work properly with their hardware , but could not get anything going that was stable for more than 30 minutes . The driver has many issues with Skype , including crashing , leaving stray D-Link processes in memory , locking up , losing contact with Skype , etc.The driver will randomly crash , sometimes if you just pick up the attached phone and set it back down a few times . It does n't take much . Also , the attached phone does not ring . I tried with two phones and even the most basic phone will not ring when a Skype call comes in.As for the forwarding feature , it is manual . There is no quick setting or time-based setting for auto-forwarding to say , a cell phone.Also , there are problems with D-Link 's USB implementation in that it draws an illegal amount of power from the USB bus . Their little box really should have a power brick as my Adaptec USB card tells me it is drawing more than 500mA -LRB- and the Adaptec does not allow it -RRB- . So I had to run it on a machine with really old USB ports that do not protect against power overdraw . Bad , bad , bad.The entire package feels like it was rushed to market without any real testing . I would wait for a few revisions on this one . Maybe in 6-12 months it will work better . That 's how it goes for a lot of D-Link products . For example , it took until the 1.6 BIOS for my D-Link gaming router to be `` solid '' . That was about 6 months . So unless you want to be an unpaid D-Link beta tester , I would pass on this thing for now . The idea is good , the implementation is not .
 I am using it for both Skype and landline calls with 3-handset Uniden station . Sound quality is very good , no echo . When it works it works quite well as Skype as well as landline.Below are the issues I ran in so far :1 . Utility crashes 100 % if called number gives out busy signal -LRB- US -RRB- .2 . Utility randomly crashes . I am yet to have a 24 hour period without restarting unit and skype .3 . Unit seems to be unable to tolerate even smallest power surges . I had power outage , that crashed unit and required unplugging/plugging back DESPITE the fact that computer is on UPS and never even blinked .4 . Does not want to work with dual-port 2.0 USB card when external HD connected to second port , although works just fine on ancient -LRB- circa 2001 -RRB- motherboard USB ports .5 . Does not work too well with latest Skype software -LRB- skype bugs maybe ?? -RRB- . Feels more `` stable '' when skype downgraded to version provided on CD . Downgrade did not rectify problems 1-4 listed above.Interesting toy , definitely not robust enough to be used as primary phone without backup landline or give to your grandma .
 DLINK does n't support vista 64 for this device . Also when making calls using your phone , you have to enter the country code -LRB- ex . 001 for US -RRB- and star -LRB- * -RRB- for voip . The device should be smart enough to detect that when there is no landline connected to it , it should always use VOIP .
 I 'm running Vista , and that was problem # 1 . The drivers that ship with it do n't work on Vista . Calling D-Link customer service is an exercise in anger management . Unbelievably complex menus to get to a technician . And they require you to give name , phone , email , address , before they will even begin to talk with you.The product still wo n't work after downloading updated drivers . It 's trying to engage , but it wo n't . An hour is too long to spend trying to set up a simple product like this . -LRB- That 's what I get for being cheap ! -RRB- Spend $ 10 or $ 20 more and get one that will work out of the box . That 's what I 'm going to go do now - buy a better one that gets better reviews .
 I was so excited to receive this product , I wanted a cheap replacement to make long distance calls , and I figured I could hook this device up , leave my computer on , and always have the ability to make a long distance call by simply picking up my phone.Boy was I wrong ... Installation was a mess , and mind you I am a computer programmer for a living , so I 'm very well acquainted with installing device drivers . The driver would install , but then I 'd get an error saying it could n't find my device . The `` mini-cd '' included with the package would n't even work in my CD-ROM , so I had to find drivers on the web . It took a lot of tinkering , but I finally got it working.Believe me , the device works , if you have just recently booted up your computer , and recently started skype . If you do anything out of the norm , like put your computer on standby , or hibernate it , the device and/or skype will stop working . Instead of simply being able to pick up your phone , you really end up having to reboot your computer to clear the `` bugs '' from the system . I tried everything I could to fix this problem , found programs to restart skype and this adapter every time I came back from standby , nothing ever seemed to work for too long.Bottom line , if you are fine being near your computer every time you make a call , by all means , buy it . However , if you are thinking you can set it up and forget it , you have another thing coming .
 This USB to RJ11 adapter worked for me , but would drop calls unexpectedly -- at random times - from a few minutes or after talking some time . I could NEVER get a response from D Link Tech support , so you are BEING WARNED -- take a look at this link
 I would not be surprised if D-Link even attempted to get their drivers certified , which they are not ... with Windows Vista
 Did not work at all work with my computer ! Gave it to a friend , and it worked all of 4 days before he started having trouble with dropped calls , echo , etc. . Would not recommend this product for any reason !
 Worst Product I 've ever purchased on here . Pain to setup . Did n't work at all . returning it .
 I probably should have read more than the ten reviews I did , but I was very disappointed with this device . Not only does it require a computer , but the computer must be on and signed-in to Skype to work . Basically , for Windows this adapter adds a new audio in and out device which can be used in Skype . I would not have purchased this if I had understood its limitations . I had no driver problems using Win XP and the latest driver from the web .
 If it were possible to give negative stars I would . I put disk in my computer and that was the last i have seen it run . The worst ! the worst ! the worst ! I f you want to buy a new computer and looking for a good way to make it crash then by all means this is your best bet
 The product did not work . I could not make calls with it and when answering calls the phone only functioned as a microphone but not as a speaker.ANT Online refused to take the item back since the original package is damaged -- how was I supposed to see if it works without opening it?To summarize - get something else from another vendor .
 I was very much on the fence about buying this product because of some of the reviews . But for $ 9.99 after rebate , I figured it was worth a try.I use Skype primarily for communicating with my out of state employer . I had a Logitech speakerphone that I used with Skype , but I really wanted to be able to use my wireless phones in the house so I did n't have to be at the computer during our entire conversations , and I did n't want to spend more than $ 40 for a solution at the moment.I did n't have any problems installing the drivers on Vista Ultimate -LRB- just download the latest drivers from the website and follow the instructions -RRB- . I 'm also NOT having any issues with the program crashing or hogging memory like others reported.I use a VoIP provider -LRB- similar to Vonage -RRB- as my primary phone service because it 's always been better than my Skype service , and I was happy that this device works with it just like it 's a regular phone service . This device has no problems so far with my VoIP service or the Skype service on Vista 32-bit . This product was a great deal!EDIT
 After extensive research , this device is NOT compatible with Windows Vista 64 . There are Vista 32 drivers on the vendor 's website , however I can not get that to work with Vista 64 .
 This Skype adaptor does n't work on any 64 bit PC -LRB- XP or Vista -RRB- . You do n't discover this until you try to instal the drivers.D-Link have been aware of this for some time , but have done nothing about it - the very least they could have done is put a label on the packaging .
 The actual product is great , but the software is n't quite compatible with Windows XP . My computer crashes if I leave the software running and the computer tries to hibernate . After one month of use , it keeps saying it has had an error and has to close while I 'm on Skype with it . Perhaps it is better with Vista as there seems to be a newer driver to install for that.My BIG complaint though is that D-Link is not honoring the -LSB- ... -RSB- . I got a card in the mail saying I had not included the UPC code . I have copies of the form I sent , and the UPC code is clearly pasted onto that sheet and I had written in huge letters `` Original UPC Code '' and pointed to the sticker . I 've called the 1-800 number twice and each time I go to hold and after 5-7 minutes , there is a click , and then it goes straight to a dial-tone . This is also the 2nd time I 've had the same problem with D-Link but the first time I was younger and dumber and did n't make copies , so thought it was somehow an honest mistake on their end or mine . -LRB- As the upc was clearly cut out of my box , I did think it was them , but could n't prove it . -RRB- I 've done some searches online , and it seems D = Link has a reputation for not honoring -LSB- ... -RSB- . I 'm filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau .
 I only paid $ 20 for this product , but it has many shortcomings . The biggest shortcoming being it drops call frequently.Pros : Installation was simple . Install the drivers , plug up the hardware , and Skype immediately recognizes the device for use . You can call out and receive calls using an ordinary land line phone as advertised.Cons : Experience dropped calls usually within 5 minutes of call . No drivers for Windows Vista 64 . The indicator lights are really bright , too bright.I recommend spending more money on a better product . I bought the Zoom 5900 and I have n't dropped a call yet . Plus the Zoom product has Vista drivers.A problem not related to hardware , but more likely Skype itself is that after the computer sits for a while incoming calls ca n't be received . I 've disabled sleep and lower power modes . I have n't tried disabling the screen saver yet , but this occurred with both the Zoom and Dlink products . I 'm sure I 'll figure it out but this is something that this type of product may exhibit . Since it 's replacing my land line I thought it was worth a mention .
 I use Skype a lot to communicate with colleagues overseas . I like to wander while I talk , and the headset I have is only good for 30 feet or so.I thought this might be ideal , but I never got to find out.There are NO 64 bit drivers available . I spent a lot of time looking for workarounds or drivers from other manufacturers who use the same chip-set , with no result.It is an old product , and there is insufficient interest in the geek community for there to be chance that this situation will change.I received it yesterday , and today it 's back in a box with a return label ...
 The D-Link DPH-50U would have been a wonderful device for Skype users but for the lack of support by D-Link
 On the good side , it was easy to set up , and worked reasonably well if the phone -LRB- tried both cordless and corded -RRB- was plugged directly into unit . However , I could not get it to work on other phones in the house when I used the jack to plug it into the wall per the instructions -LRB- so it would work like a land line on any phone in the house -RRB- . I do not have a land line , so it may just need a land line to work since you are supposed to be able to switch back and forth . I even tried disconnecting the line outside the house but that did n't work either.I experience sporatic dropped calls that were not present before installing this device . I contacted tech support and was sent a driver upgrade v 1.20 -LRB- not available from their website -RRB- . This seemed to improve the dropped call situation a bit , but I still have more dropped calls than before.The dealbreaker for me was after I found out you had to be logged in as an administrator for it to work . With an `` always on '' internet connection , I was not willing to expose myself to that security risk .
 Very disappointed to find that D-Link does not and will not provide drivers for 64-bit OS -LRB- XP 64 or Vista 64 -RRB- . If you are running 64-bit , do n't buy this product , it 's not even heavy enough to be a paperweight .
 I purchased this adapter based the price and the reviews I read here.Pros :1 . The convenience of using a cordless phone instead of being tied to the computer .2 . The price .3 . Sound quality is great.Cons :1 . In the first day of use , the adapter dropped 4 out of 7 calls . The next time I tried using Skype from the computer , the adapter stole the call and dropped it -LRB- I could hear it click when it stole the call -RRB- .2 . You have to dial 00 , the country code , the phone number , and * to make a call , and it sounds like your going to get the disconnected number recording -LRB- you know that sound that plays ? -RRB- 3 times before it starts ringing.If it did n't drop calls , I 'd give it 4 stars . But 4 out of 7 dropped is just unacceptable . Thanks to Amazon 's great return policy , I am returning the adapter .
 I am a Mac user , and I was not aware this product was not Mac compatible when I purchased it . I proceeded to try to get it to work with 2 different PCs ; it never worked . I am really excited to use the skype phone capability on a real phone , but am very discouraged by the performance -LRB- well , non-performance -RRB- of this product .
 People can not hear because of echo . The phone disconnected after I tried to call the second time and freezed XP . Do n't waste you $ $ .
 So , like other reviewers , I recommend not installing the drivers that come with the device . Instead , get the US Robotics driver.It installed easily and I was able to make phone calls via Skype . However , people I call hear horrible , horrible static from my end of the line . I can make Skype calls from the computer that I have the device connected to , and I do n't get any unusual CPU or memory usage , so I 'm fairly sure that it 's not the computer 's fault . I 've tried multiple phones as well , to no avail .
 This is really bad product with even worse driver . It never worked for me consistently for over a period of time . Every time I need to use it , I had to reinstall drivers . Even more problems with Skype4 .0 and does not work with video Skype . Great concept but very poor execution . I gave 1 star because I could not give 0 starts . No wonder you can get it for less than -LSB- ... -RSB- Not worth it .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Love Skype and have a few accessories for it , so figured it was worth a shot . Returned it.The drivers need updating and you should get the ones from the internet , that is clear from other reviews and a quick internet search . I did that . It worked.BUT -- one computer kept `` forgetting '' that it had been installed and had to be reinstalled over and over . Then it did n't interface with Skype very well . And then it forgot it had been installed -- so I reinstalled . Did this several times for about 2 hours . It would place call , then crash . Sound did n't work - dropped parts of conversations.Switched to a newer computer . Installed updated drivers . All going great . Made call from phone -- BUT , once the call started to be placed , sound switched back over to the computer -- sound coming out through computer speakers , and corded phone made great paperweight attached to my computer via a usb hub.All in all , wasted 3.5 hours on this product , plus a trip to the post office .
 I am sorry I bought this product . I installed it with updated drivers as other reviews stated to do . It made calls as long as I called directly from the Skype application on the computer . No matter what I tried would allow for the phone connected to the hub to make calls . The point of this device was to get away from the computer but that does n't seem possible.Instead I have tried the Ooma system . It cost a pretty penny to purchase it but it is working like a charm . I figure after a years service it has paid for itself since the cost of the hub is my yearly phone bill . The added advantage is I can turn off my computer and still make calls . I no longer have a land line and just use Ooma . I use Skype for overseas calls but Ooma for everything else .
 I ordered the laser pointer with the on & off switch , thinking that would be a nice feature . But I soon discovered it is not well designed and I returned it for a model with no switch , other than a button you press and hold . The problem is that the on/off switch draws power ALL THE TIME , regardless of which position it is in . You have to remove the batteries when the pointer is not in use . How stupid ! Why should a switch draw power when it is in the off position ?
 normally i like kensignton products - this keyboard felt nice but after a few weeks of use the paint and silver areas wore away to a yellow plastic under coat . looked pretty tacky .
 This keyboard feels nice to type on , but lacks a separate area for arrow keys and for the home/end/PgUp / etc. directional keys . For my work , which involves a lot of typing , the non-standard layout makes this keyboard useless .
 I sent the keyboard back . It did n't have any additional usb ports , not even one for the mouse ! Not worth it . Did n't feel like the new Apple keyboard at all .
 This is a small keyboard . I prefer a full-size keyboard and in retrospect should have spent a little more and gotten theApple Keyboard Kit . This keyboard is too small for me and I make a lot of mistakes .
 I ordered this pen and it does persistently write on paper when given the proper chance , being uncapped and in my hand of course , with the basic of movements in the wrist . Never the less , I continue my review.When it arrived -LRB- 8 -RRB- business days , which I thought to be a rather long time . It was finely packaged in a tightly sealed and stamped clasp envelope -LRB- which DID NOT have a golden 18kt clasp , mind you -RRB- which was a bit disappointing . I took it from the packaging and sat down at my desk , and this is where things really picked up . I uncapped the glorious pen and clicked on my desk lamp , it reflection of light off the diamonds nearly blinded me and I had to quickly push my lamp off the desk -LRB- I will be ordering a new one from Amazon -RRB- I continued to light a candle in the study and in the dim light I pulled a piece of parchment from my desk , the crispy manila page , free of wrinkles or smudge now lay in front of me , beckoning with paper-like iridescence . I took forth my new utensil , carefully like a newborn child I held it . Its everlasting glow sparkled in the musty study at the tip touched down to my parchment . A bead of sweat came down my brow and fell like a dew drop on the morning grass to my lap . Then it happened , ink came forth and my wrist flicked in a jerking motion across the page , something sinister came over me for that night I wrote endlessly for hours , page after page my mind rushed . The altered heroin like trance took over my body as I laid forth a seemingly great novel of space dynamics and diversified engineering , perhaps the most advanced in my time . My wife suddenly burst into the doors , the breeze of air came in and the candle went out . That is when everything went black . I remember my hand grasping the pen tightly into a fist and my muscles tensed.I woke days later to my wife 's body strewn across the study , a bloody mess , as if a butcher had cut her into choice prime . There , in the crimson puddle of my loved ones blood , shown the faint sparkle of the Caran D'ache Leman Fountain Pen.And that is why I 'm giving this a 4/5 .
 I purchased the DiGiMemo digital notepad -LRB- which is great -RRB- and needed a case to protect it from the beating it was taking in my bag . The product is nice , but it is HUGE ! It 's bigger than my 15 '' laptop . And when I take it out at meetings to use , I end up using way more space than I should.They need to offer something a little more inconspicuous . It 's just too darn big .
 I was disappointmed in the quality of this product . It is not necessary to have this as part of the digimemo . Save your money . I returned mine for a full refund within a few days of purchase .
 At first I could not down load the Manager soft ware on Vista , although on the box it said it was good for Vista . I downloaded the drivers from the web site ... all was going good so I thought , however when I came to use the L2 pad I find that it is out of sync . When you go to write in the top left hand corner . . it writes on the screen bottom left corner , then the bottom left is the bottom right and so on . I wrote to `` AceCad '' a week ago and they did not bother to reply , I would like to know if others have had this problem and how to fix it.Thank you .
 which is about every third or forth time I 've tried to use it . Documentation with the device is minimal as is documentation on the manufacturer 's web site . Contacting the manufacturer for assistance results in a slow response 3-4 days and is n't always helpful.I would suggest passing on this and waiting until the concept is better developed .
 Actually ZERO stars but website wo n't accept this without one star.Very disappointing outcome ... We were so excited about getting this product ... took quite some time to set it up . . dowloand software , input practice samples and so on . It recordedthe first couple pages of sample writing and then just stopped . No trouble-shooting suggestions worked . No tech support helped . It may well have been just the pen , in such case , two pens , with batteries , should be included . We sent it back for refund . Ken Johnson
 It does serves it purpose and reasonably priced . Used it to pin down lawn nettings . It rusted so badly within days of exposure to rain ; leaving rust stains on my nets and mulch . But ca n't complain for its price since it did stop the birds from eating my lawn seedlings .
 I purchased the landscape pins thinking that I was getting 703 pins for the price . Part of it is my fault because I am new to the website and did n't know that I could scroll down for more info . But the package only had 75 pins in it . I checked locally and I could have gotten the pins for half the price if I had bought locally . I called Deerso and the first two times I called I was left on the hold line . The third time I called I got a voice message to leave my name and number and they would call me back . No response . I then tried a fourth time and got thru to a person who said they were new and would have to call me back when their supervisor came back . I never got any response . What my request was that they just credit my account for the difference between their exhorbitant charge and what I could have gotten it for locally . I did speak to Amazon and they were kind enough to grant me a one-time coupon good on my next purchase . I would not purchase anything from the Deerso company again .
 These lawn pins were not as heavy duty as we had hoped and did not get the job done . We ended up returning this item .
 This came broken . I do n't know if this is a Rolodex problem or a Price Bully problem .
 Purchased the cart 6/2009 . Have used it once weekly since that time to tote books and materials between my schools . The box part is fine , seems sturdy enough . However the handle broke as I was pulling the cart the other day . I sent an email to the company -LRB- dbest -RRB- on Wed. 2/24/11 but have not yet heard back from them -LRB- 2/26/11 -RRB- . No phone number on the website .
 I 've had many of these types of carts over the years . They are by their nature cheap . I go through one about every 6 months or so . This one however only lasted about 2 weeks . Well below the average for these things . Choose another brand .
 We purchased several of these for work . The first shipment , two out of three were broken . We returned the two and when we got the replacements , they were both broken . We received the next shipment , one was okay and one was broken . The final shipment came , and it was in the worst shape of any of the others we had received . If the product ca n't even survive shipping , I have no confidence that it would survive every day use !
 I 'm very disappointed in this product - it is not the quality product that the seller claims it to be . The instructions for putting it together are inconsistent with the product . The product seems to be of `` cheap '' quality . There are pieces broken off several of the sections . I am not a happy customer .
 It 's okay , but I 'm fearful of loading more than 20lbs in it . It tips easily while toting only 10-15lbs . The retractable handle is REALLY rickety , it feels like it may snap off at any time . Wish I paid more for a better , more sturdy model .
 When received , the cart was missing a pivot dowell from one side , the others look like they will fall out also . The Lid/seat will not attach to the front as shown in the photos , It appears that the plastic used in construction is not flexible enough for the tabs to grasp the edges as designed . I drilled through the Lid and the front at the four dimples , inserted small bolts in the lid and put nuts on them to stay with the lid , when it is attached to the front of the Quik Cart it is held by wingnuts inside . It makes for easy removal and the wingnuts are then kept on the bolts . Other than this , I would rate it a Five .
 we 've had this product for less than 30 days . Use is light to moderate . It has already cracked and is USELESS .
 The second time I used this cart , to bring groceries home , the front legs and one of the wheels snapped with large cracks and the bottom fell out . I did n't return it because the cost of postage was more than the refund would have been . I 'm trying glue -LRB- Household Goop -RRB- to repair it ... but it seems not to stick well to the plastic used in the cart .
 Yeah , I got this for nursing school , and it ended up covered in duct tap after 2 weeks . 2 WEEKS ! This is a poor buy . . If you want durable , go to Lowes or Home Depot . Get a toolbox on wheels if you want something that 'll last !
 The pins came out of the corner hinge the first time I used it so it collapses when it 's not full . Wheels broke the first month or so . There is inexpensive , and there is cheap . This thing is just cheap and not worth the money .
 It 's ridiculous that the product claims to hold up to 80 lbs when it barely held 35 . I had just missed the deadline to return it to get it replaced -LRB- did I mention we barely used the product-possibly only 6 times at most -RRB- . The one we previously got from Staples lasted longer . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS . This deserves 0 stars versus 1 .
 This cart broke in less than a month . When we received it the handle was not working already . The day I asked for a new handle the rest of the cart just fell apart . The plastic is cheap and very unstable . Not worth the $ 30 I spent on it ! Very frustrated because it was a Christmas gift for my mother who is a teacher and it was ruined before the end of January . Great concept , but very poor quality .
 The product broke soon after purchase - when loaded , it appears that a design flaw causes the cart bottom to crack near the feet.I was only able to use it two days before it broke . So , buyer beware .
 poorly made major issues with telescoping handle they dont release or telescope evanly release buttons dont worktop dosnt fit well
 My wife bought one of these for each of our four homeschooled kids for Christmas . Our kids take some co-op classes outside of our home , and we thought this would be a great way to mobilize their schoolwork to take with them to work on while waiting on each other to finish classes . Within 3 weeks of use -LRB- 2 days a week -RRB- , the front panel has started cracking near the bottom on 3 of them -LRB- as described in many of these reviews -RRB- , including one that has broken all the way across the front , rendering it useless . If this retailed for 10 bucks , it might not be so surprising , but since we paid $ 25 apiece for these , it 's VERY upsetting that they are as poor quality as they are . BUYER BEWARE .
 There was no problem with shipping , no sign of damage etc. . However it lasted less than 2 weeks of light use -LRB- 50 lbs or less in the cart -RRB- a corner pin broke and the cart would not stay rigid and thus could not carry any load . I never tried standing on the top as a step , so I can still write this review . In short , it is a piece of garbage , hardly worth the cost of return shipping . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 The first one of these I bought just plain did not work . The telescoping handle did not retract and the corner came apart the first time I opened it . I returned it for a replacement and the new one is just as disappointing . The handle works , but as I was walking along rolling it behind me the first use , I paused for one moment and the pin in the corner of the new one fell out as well . So now the corner of my new one is separated and the pin is IMPOSSIBLE to get back in place even though it fell out efforlessly . The cover is great as long as it is on the crate top , but it keeps falling off the front of the crate where is can be stored when it is not on top of the crate .
 I have used a hand cart like this for several years . It still works , but I decided to replace it with one that has a lid . I received the first one and the lid did n't fit both corners on the end away from the handle ; the lid went on one corner or the other but not both . I decided to send it back and get another . The second one has the same problem . In the process , I discovered that I must pay the 10.00 shipping back for each cart when the problem is with the product and the seller . Another reviewer noted that the lid is not flexible enough to fit both top corners . I wrote to dBEST and got help with the lid . They sent a new one and it fits . Wishfully the problems stopped there . Read on.UPDATE
 Used it twice and it fell completely -LRB- and I do mean COMPLETELY -RRB- apart . TOTAL waste of money !
 I was excited to get this product but the bottom broke early on . I e-mailed the Dbest Company and they did not respond . I would say that they definitely do n't have `` dbest '' customer service .
 I started using this cart at the beginning of September and it broke on Oct. 26 . One side of it became unhinged from its adjoining sides . Even though this was inexpensive it should last more than 2 months .
 This was going to be a birthday gift , but the handle arrived broken . I bought another gift for my son and never sent the gift back .
 My son ordered one of these carts for his Mom and the cart broke in 2 days . Sent back . Ordered another cart as a replacement and it did not last any longer . Sent it back also . These shabby carts are not assembled well and critical parts are either missing or fall or break . Just plain Junk.On a good note , thank you Amazon for your great RETURN POLICY !
 Loved the concept , was really excited to get this , and really enjoyed it for a full three weeks before it broke . The plastic is too thin and it would n't appear that the development team did much stress-testing before scaling up to manufacture . Try again , guys - the concept is great , but your execution falls short of the promise .
 I received the order on time . When I opened it to see it , I realized that the button on the handle top to extend it was missing . There was no way I could pull the cart if the handle can not be extended . I do n't under stand why it would have been mailed out when it was broken and they had to know it would n't work .
 I have bought a few of this through the years and it keeps breaking down.I thought it was me , but even with light load the opening mechanism keeps breaking downP.O.S .
 I really liked this Quik Cart but it broke after only two weeks of use . Do n't buy this product ! The plastic is cheap and cracked right away .
 These are NOT very good carriers . They are NOT made very well and fall apart very easy . Out of the ones we order I believe 3 have already fell apart in less then a month and half and really school just started a few weeks ago .
 Very handy item but the plastic is very rigid and therefore subject to breakage if you bang into something . This item will not take a lot of handling and use ; it 's fairly fragile . Still , for the right kind of light use , it is handy for carrying items and as a mobile seat .
 This cart was bought to replace an older cart I bought at Office Depot on sale for $ 17.99 . It did not last a month before cracking and quickly became unusable . I am back to using the old cart which although cracked and having a few panels fall off , still is serviceable . I wish I could find another.I expected a lot more from this cart manufactured by a company named dbest , and paying more for it than my cheapo one.I usually dismiss the occasional bad review for products , but I should n't have ignored the many that have been posted here . They are right!I can only imagine that the satisfied reviewers must have only used the product a few times and been very careful with it.Save your money , your time , and aggravation . Do not buy this product .
 Bought this cart in 6 months ago to shuttle Sunday school class supplies . It gets used once a week - from the car to class and then back to the car . The cart has broken so many times at each front corner over this time period ; I 've glued and taped several times and now the bottom is falling out . We 've stopped using for fear it 'll dump our supplies in the parking lot .
 I was really excited about this item since I work in 12 different locations . I put my laptop bag and files
 The first use went great . Unfortunately the second use was n't the same . The bottom of the front panel broke off . I checked the weight of the stuff I was carrying and it was only 48 pounds . I was rolling it across grass at the time , I do n't know if the bumpy ground contributed to it breaking or not , but it did break and I do not recomend this to anyone .
 I recently bought the dbest Quik Cart . It broke after my third use . The entire front panel cracked . I 'm out $ 30 ! The Quik Cart is not only ugly , but unwieldy , hard to handle and clumsy . There are other wheeled carts and shopping bags around that are a much better product.I hope my review is informative to potential buyers of the shoddy quality of this product .
 I bought two of these and one has already fallen apart . The lid does not have a great locking mechanism . A little more thought on engineering would have made this a great product . I am going to try something else .
 Poorly constructed ; plastic broke off or bent after only 10 uses ; metal handbar would n't go up or down easily after 3rd use out when cart tipped over on a sidewalk .
 Very handy , but after several months of use -LRB- 25 times -RRB- , it cracked along the front bottom . Used for laundry , groceries etc. , and ca n't be used for more than 10-20 lbs .
 I bought this to transport papers from my car into buildings -LRB- not a lot of them , less than two reams of papers at any given time -RRB- . It broke the third day I took it into a building . I bought one for $ 10 less from Staples becasue I did n't have time to return this and wait for a new one . The cheaper one is going strong and I have loaded that one heavily .
 This seemed like the perfect teacher-tote , and I was initially very pleased . However , the handle of my Qwik Cart jammed in the down position after a couple of months -LRB- of weekend rather than daily use -RRB- . I have little use for a milk carton on wheels . A disappointment .
 After a mere forty-five days , my quick-cart is broken . I suspect that the `` Implied Warranty of Merchantability '' would bring me a either a refund or replacement , but Amazon says I can only return if within thirty days , and I do n't seem to be able to contact the manufacturer/retailer through their web-site , which leaves me in somewhat of a quandary . How does one go about exercising a legal right to demand a refund or replacement when you can not access the responsible party ?
 Lasted MAYBE a month before I needed to reinforce it with tape all around.Fell apart completely after 2 months.Cheap plastic . Not very sturdy .
 It was not a good product . The lid was broken when I received this item . Dont buy this item from this company .
 I bought this cart for my husband who is a cub scout den leader . He would carry his activities for the meetings in there . Mostly paper , glue sticks , crayons and sometimes a couple of small games and a baseball or two for outside activities . It was nice to keep all of his supplies in one place so he could grab it and go the his meetings . The only problem is it is cheaply made and after 3 months of once a week use the handle broke . The lid was always an issue too since it never wanted to go on easily .
 Total POS . It broke the first day using it . The side split right acros the bottom . Ca n't believe this ever sold .
 The handle is supposed extend , so you can actually pull the cart . Well we 've used the cart twice so far , and both times we spent about 5 minutes trying to get the handle to extend fully . Tonight we used it for the second time , but could not get it to work . One side of the handle feels loose and can slide up and down with ease . The other side seems permanently stuck at halfway . The button that 's supposed to release the handle does n't seem to do anything either . My girlfriend , who 's barely over 5 feet tall , hurt her back having to hunch over to pull this cart through our apartment complex from the car.If I had saved any of the packaging this would have been returned after the first use . I will be replacing it as soon as possible .
 I bought this to carry products in on business trips . It was great in theory - a box on wheels ! I bought two , in fact . Both broke on the first trip.I know airport security is a bit rough on bags ... but still . It should not be this fragile .
 Bought this in late November , completely broken by December 15th . I used it to cart teaching materials back and forth from school . The entire front cracked and broke off and it is now unusable . $ 30 wasted.My previous crate from Lakeshore Teaching Supplies lasted 3 years!Don ' t buy it !
 This feels like a temporary fix for just about anything you can use it for . It 's not heavy duty and not user-friendly . It seems like the perfect solution for an aging parent who needs to haul stuff , but then they have to remove it from their trunk and put it together each time . And then the bottom folds back up since it does n't actually lock into place . And the lid ? It 's not attached . AND the whole thing is bulky so you 're literally rolling a box around . I also tried this for my daughter to haul her design school stuff around but she complained about the same things . What a pain .
 Well ... I 've have gone through two of these quick carts and both have broken . I will not buy another again . I just hope I can find something the same size . It 's exactly what I need but they are truly a piece of junk ! They have Cheap plastic and are not sturdy . This cart was used to haul my jewelry cases around . After only a week , pieces of plastic broke on the sides causing the bottom to fall out . I had my father in law make me a piece of wood to fit in the bottom . Worked well for awhile until the whole front piece of plastic broke off . I needed it so I bought another one . The second one I had to wire together after the plastic broke . The bottom also broke out of the second one ... luckily I was able to use the wood in the bottom again . Used it that way for awhile until the same thing happened . Do n't waste your money on this cart .
 I received this cart a few months ago , and have used it exactly three times . All three times it was used to pull around about 20 pounds of supplies . And because Quik Cart is also advertised that it `` supports up to 250-pounds , and may be used as a seat or stepstool '' , I also used it as a seat ONCE , placing my humungous 150 pound bulk on the seat/lid . Within 20 minutes , the entire front section of the Quik Cart 's plastic box supports broke , spilling me onto the ground.Now , my main concern here is
 I got this cart about 1.5-2 years ago . The wheel has always rubbed a bit , but I just put up with it rather than do the return hassle . It 's supposed to support up to 250 lbs. , but I have my doubts . I use it primarily for trips to the library . I homeschool our kids and we check out loads of books a couple times a month . Yesterday the `` hub cap '' on one of the wheels broke and it can not be fixed . The wheel no longer turns as a result . It has not been abused , dropped , slammed down or otherwise mistreated . We load books into it , and roll it up ramps to and from the parking lot to the building . I am disappointed that this cart did n't hold up longer than it did . I did n't want to be buying a new one so soon . If a cart is going to toot it 's horn about handling 250 lbs. , maybe the wheels should also be be able to handle that load as well -LRB- however , I did n't have 250 lbs . of books ! -RRB-
 I bought this cart because I have limited strength and thought it would assist me in moving groceries from the car and other small tasks . When I first tried to open the cart , the side clips and support rails were so tight , I could hardly get them undone . This struggle would be enough to deter me from using the collapsable aspect . In addition , the lid does n't lock onto the front of the cart for storage even though it is advertised to do so , and it also does n't snap onto the top securely . From the looks of the wheels and axel , I would n't trust the cart to hold up well to any significant weight placed upon them . This was a bad purchase and it is going back to Amazon .
 Within the first week of use the handle stopped working properly . It did n't go all the way up or down . Today the box itself broke in one of the corners . It happened while I was carrying about 10 pounds between books and ceramic bowls , which of course broke .
 Planning on using this cart for 4 books and some papers for a class I was leading , I bought this handy cart . The first time I used it , the yellow cover hinge broke while under no pressure at all . O.K. , I can live without the cover . Since then , the handle has become very loose , the holders on the side of the case fall off regularly -LRB- and I 've now completely lost one -RRB- , and the only good this cart is now doing me is that it sits in my closet and holds odds and ends . Save yourself the grief and look for something sturdier and better made . I 'd be happy to send you mine . What a total waste of time and money !
 I was not happy with this product . When I received it the lid was broken and the collapsible cart was cracked . Should have returned it . Do not recommend .
 I loved the description of this product but it did n't live up to the hype.When it arrived the lid was broken on the corner but I did n't bother to send it back.I should have sent it back since it broke the first week . The bottom came off the sides and while I can probably still use it , it wo n't close properly and I will have to fiddle with it each time I open and close.I had a basic one from an office store and it lasted WAY longer . Do n't spend the extra money for this one .
 I purchased the cart which was the perfect size for the lightweight items I needed to tote . The cover is great to keep the items from getting wet when transferring them from the car to the building . However , on first use I had to jiggle the handle in order to get one side of it to collapse down so I could fit it in my car . Now on second use , it will not collapse at all due to that same side not functioning properly . This has rendered the cart completely useless for me since I need to put it in my car in a straight up position as you would expect to do . I 've contacted the company and am awaiting for a response about a return/replacement , though I do n't hold out hope that the replacement will be much better . The only reason I 'm going for a replacement is that the size and cover are perfect for what I need and that there are a few reviewers who seemed to have good luck with theirs . My review will go to one star if I do n't get a good response from the company . In hindsight , the purchase was not worth the risk of receiving an inferior product that does not meet up to its description .
 The notebook , made by Modo & Modo , a firm created in the 1990 's , is fine overall . But the paper quality could be higher-I can clearly see the writing on the other side , no matter what pen I use . I find the elastic band unnecessary and an annoyance upon closing the notebook . The binding and cover are sturdy though . So overall , it 's a fine notebook , but nothing exceptional , and thus overpriced . There are other notebooks of similar format with equal or superior quality.So my friend 's enthusiasm for it perplexed me . To hear him , the `` notebook '' had just been invented ; a new tool was available . As if no one had used a notebook before . I soon discovered the trigger for this attitude was the proclaimed `` legendary '' character of the notebook , with past users apparently including Hemingway , Picasso , Matisse , Van Gogh , and others . The thought of using the same notebook as such intellectual giants was exciting to him , and unconsciously made him unduly pleased with his notebook.This claim perplexed me , as years ago I saw Picasso and Hemingway notebooks , and my recollection of them was different . Hemingway was well-known for writing on notepads or in `` blue French notebooks '' and you can find several references to this on the Internet . On the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum web site , you can also see a picture of Hemingway 's notebooks , which look just the way I remembered them , and nothing like the Moleskine notebook.Another claim by Modo and Modo is appearances by its notebooks in various movies . It claims the Grail Diary in `` Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade '' is a Moleskine . In fact , the diary is a prop made for the movie . You can see pictures and descriptions of it on the Indygear Web site . It has a soft , brown leather cover . The elastic band is loose , sometimes used horizontally , sometimes vertically . So the diary has nothing in common with a Moleskine.The Modo & Modo claim of legendary history is thus deceptive . Their trademark of the word moleskine is also suspicious . Years ago , many notebooks had an oilcloth , moleskine cover , then the cheaper alternative to leather for a durable cover . These notebooks were not superior to what we have today ; it was just what was available then . But there are many instances of people in the past , famous or not , using a moleskine-covered notebook . The trademark is a clear intention to be the exclusive beneficiary of this history . It 's akin to getting a trademark on the word `` leather '' , making notebooks , and claiming that anyone who used leather-covered notebooks used yours.Modo & Modo is evidently using a deceitful , manipulative marketing campaign that plays on people 's desire to have something in common with the legends . It claims a legendary history to get people unduly excited and affectionate of its notebook , promote sales , and command a higher price . Falling for this deception is certainly not the way to join the intellectual elite .
 Several people noted the quality of paper -- the fact that ink bleeds through . That 's totally true ! I just wrote the company about this issue because the moleskin I purchased last Sept. had SUBSTANTIALLY different quality paper -- much heavier than index cards . It was beautiful and very easy to write in . The paper took any kind of ink well and made the book a joy to carry.Now , it 's just another dressed up spiral , and I 'm severely disappointed . I had been one of those enthusiastic buyers , purchasing them for friends and family , and recently purchased four for myself -LRB- the source of my dismay after opening the shrinkwrap -RRB- . Anyway , I hope they 'll get back to making nice books . The design , when accompanied with high quality paper , makes for a classy , little , take-me-anywhere book . For now , though , I would n't spend the money .
 These books are nicely bound , but the sealed paper does n't play well with fountain pens . Beware !
 I bought a small one of these with blank , unlined pages as a pocket sketchbook . The pocket sketchbooks commonly sold in art supply stores are one of two varieties , either wire-bound or stitched . The thing is , wire-bound notebooks are uncomfortable to have in a back pocket -LRB- and I just do n't like the feel , bumping up against the ridges of the wires on that edge -RRB- , and most stitched bindings do n't fold as well as the Moleskine does -LRB- folding nice and wide so there 's plenty of blank page to use -RRB- . And to be honest , I may 've fallen just a little for that pompous tripe about being the sketchbook of great artists.The thing is , the paper is terrible . All the ` bloggers and geeks I 've heard raving about these notebooks use them for their laundry lists or their ideas to write about or God knows what . And while I 'm not the best artist around , I did minor in fine arts in school , so I 'm not completely clueless . So take my word -LRB- or do n't ; it 's your loss -RRB- ; the paper is just plain bad.Most drawing paper has some degree of `` tooth '' -- the roughness of the paper , which rubs off your graphite or charcoal smoothly onto the page . The tooth on these sketchbooks is nonexistent . Rather than describe in more detail the paper , however , I believe I can give an apt description in two words.Manila folder . That 's what the paper in these books is like , so as to be nearly indistinguishable -LRB- slightly smoother , in fact , than manila folders -- even less tooth -RRB- . While paper quality is something of a personal preference , I 've never seen anyone use any paper remotely similar to this for drawing , so I have to question the claim that these pads are identical to those used by Picasso et al.On a positive note , the binding is great , the covers are great , and the elastic strap , bookmark ribbon , and back pocket are all great features . But when it comes down to it , I care most about the paper quality . If you want to just write , get one of these . If you intend to do any serious drawing , do n't bother .
 I really wanted this system to work -- especially for $ 400 + . For the price , I expected superb voice quality during conference calls / on speakerphone , however this works no better than my relatively inexpensive Panasonic KX-TG1061 . Got the same old complaints while using the Polycom
 Bought a Soundstation 2 for my company ... almost everything was perfect ... except when I tried to store international numbers in the speed dial , I realised that it can store numbers up to 15 digits only . As the equipment runs on an analog line , we have to dial a prefix-9 + 001 before the international number . Countries like China or India have 12 digits . In total there are 16 digits to dial to China/India . Sad to say it does n't support companies with global presence .
 We have had this phone for roughly two years , and when it works , it works fairly well ... but , the phone would constantly drop its registration and as of recently it will no longer register . Software updates do n't work -LRB- and are only supported via Windows , hello ... 2010 ! -RRB- . I called technical support for our $ -LSB- ... -RSB- phone and they said that I could pay for assisted troubleshooting and then pay more if a repair was needed ... crap service for such a pricey product . Wo n't buy Polycom ever again .
 Never received the product.Therefore ca n't rate but can on `` customer service '' . Received a box with totally different item . Called was told they should ship another Polycom Soundstation 2W and would have by Thursday or Friday the latest . It is Monday and still no unit . Called again , said it will ship out today . This is a business transaction and I personally will not use Amazon for any of my persoanl purchases.Disappointed customer
 Please know that if you purchase anything from Polycom you are supporting a company that continues to advertise with Rush Limbaugh even after many advertisers have pulled their ads due to his disgusting attacks on women .
 I enjoy the Anne Taintor products . But the paper & adhesive used for these sticky notes are a poor quality , and the paper curls . The sticky notes are good for grins , but due to the quality of the product I ca n't use these .
 Bought these for work to add a little humor to the day . The glue on the sticky notes was horrible . If you COULD get them apart , they did n't stick to anything .
 These pens are inordinately thick . It takes far too long to get them to write at a smooth rate , and once you do get them to do so , they fail to do that simple notion often . Look elsewhere for pens .
 I know it might be bad but never thought it would be this bad . thin as can be , poor quality .
 Perhaps I 'm expecting too much , but I 'd really expected better from Pendaflex . Calling these folders `` box bottom '' is , at best , misleading . The bottoms offer no support whatsoever and the cardboard reinforcement strips they give you are totally worthless . End result is that the bottoms sag enough that the folders drag on the bottom of the drawer .
 You definitely get what you pay for here . This is much bigger than it needs to be for a standard sized badge . And it does n't curve to follow the contour of your arm . Kind of annoying . I had to staple the strap together after the first time I used it . Spend the extra money to get something of a higher quality .
 It is too thin for being a bulletin board . It is difficult to mount . I finally just coughed up the money for a real board instead .
 this is the biggest waste of money . could n't even unroll the cork board without it breaking . ended up throwing it out .
 I got this to put on my desk at work but it required a special adhesive so did n't work . The requirement for the special adhesive should be emphasized and that it is more for craft projects than as a cork board .
 Stupid of me to not read the reviews . It is very thin . Not sure what you would use such thin cork mat for . I 'll be heading to the hardware store to find something to back it with .
 Though the item description claimed it came with mounting material , it did not . I had to purchase heavy-duty spray adhesive to put this cork up over existing chalk boards . The rolled cork went up easily enough , but cutting it to fit turned out to be terribly messy . I still have cork crumbles EVERYWHERE in my classroom . Also , the material is n't thick enough in a single layer for bulletin board use . A standard staple wo n't go in far enough to actually stay.I would only buy this product again if I only needed to cover a small area and had enough product to double-layer the application .
 I bought this to put on a cabinet in order to post stuff . For this purpose this is not a good item . It is way to thin to push pins into . Also I believe there are others that have mounting tape , this one does not . It would work if it was a few layers thick but not as it is .
 I purchased this cork roll to put behind the pots and pans hanging in my kitchen . I unrolled the cork , and almost instantly a 4 &#34; chunk ripped off of it . Then , a big crack appeared in the middle of the cork too . I was n't rough with it at all , so it must have been old and dry or something . Or maybe it 's too thin . Also , double-sided tape did n't stick to it very well . I managed to get it to stay , and luckily the pots and pans cover the cracks up , but I am disappointed in this product and am not sure how long it will last .
 These are horrible ! It 's a roll and since the cork is THIN , it ca n't be easily unrolled . It ripped and tore without any effort . I will not buy anything like this again . I ended up rolling them out and putting heavy boxes on them , then I painted them and cut them into squares . After all that , I still had rolling and ripping . :-LRB- Lesson learned . -RRB-
 Maybe I did not read carefully but this is not a product you can hang on wall and use tacs on , it is much too thin.I went to Lowes and bought this same product for much cheaper and layered them . This works but what a hassle .
 I tried to flatten this with lots of books , but after several days it was still warped . A friend suggested I roll it up backward . It only created cracks in the board . I finally took the hair dryer on the hottest setting and flattened it out that way . But I then applied some Mod Podge to it and it bowed back up .
 The pilot shaker is fricken stupid . It 's just like any other mechanical pencil except when you need more led you shake it . If you are getting it or have it I recommend not shaking it hard . My six year old daughter is gentle and dainty and when she shook it , it got jammed .
 Their packaging is terrible . They say ` download the software ' and once you BUY the product and try to download it , you realize it 's only for Windows . Huh . I 'm MacIntosh . So , it 's no good . Why do n't they just include a general template -LRB- say , Word document -RRB- as a backup ? Now , I 've ripped open the product and I ca n't get my money back and I ca n't use it.Oh , and then I saw in TEENY TINY print that these ca n't be used for DVDs . Why do n't they say that in HUGE letters on the front ? I do n't have time to read all that fine print on the back of the box.Really , they should update their packaging . I 'm so disappointed and now I have 300 labels I ca n't use .
 I just bought these matte labels . When I printed a photo , I noticed that photos come out at the ultra lowest quality , and the worst part is that everything printed on these labels SMUDGE when fingers are lightly run over the labels.Has anyone experienced this ? Please share your story .
 When I ordered this product with Amazon as the seller , they sent me CD labels - not CD/DVD labels . There 's a warning on the back about using CD labels on DVDs -LRB- it could ruin the DVD content -RRB- . It was n't the product shown in the picture . I returned it to Amazon and the replacement product was the exact same CD labels ! They finally admitted that they did n't have the proper product and refunded the full amount . At this writing I 'm trying again with another seller selling through Amazon -LRB- This price is just too good -RRB- . I hope things go better this time .
 I received the book `` Alternative Cures '' pretty quickly , but i never received the memorex cd refills , and i would either like a refund for them , or i 'd like the sender to send me the product free of charge , because i never received it .
 I did not receive the correct product that I ordered . I informed the seller and he stated that I would need to resell on ebay myself . Very disappointed with his service.kelly
 The labels are fine and dandy , but the software that comes with them is horrid . Not only did the calibration page not print , but there is no way to pre-size an image to a desired resolution -LRB- so I can enhance the enlarged image -RRB- . Also , what did print ended up looking grainy . In the end , I had to appropriately resize and print my own images , adding white borders to the left and top edges to get it to center on the label .
 I bought these to make labels for my DVDs as when I received them there is a warning on the back that if you use them on DVDs they may make the DVD unreadable . These are only to be used on CDs . Memorex makes specific labels that are plasic for DVDs and do not warp when exposed to the heat of a DVD player . 2 stars because the packaging is misleading .
 If I could give this product 0 stars I would , but that 's not an option . The labels themselves are fine as far as I can tell , but the `` Bonus LabelMaker Software '' that comes with them is the worst that I have ever worked with . I would have been happier paying the same price for the product if it did n't say that it included software , because then I would have known I should have bought software in addition to the labels . In theory , the software shows you on your screen where the label is on the page . Then you use standard text boxes to attempt to design an attractive label . It is difficult to navigate , slow , and inaccurate . The graphics and clip art provided with it are ugly and useless . Once you manage to design your your label and print it , you find that the template on the software does not match up with the printed labels , so you end up wasting quite a few sheets trying to adjust your label on the computer screen screen so that it actually looks correct on the label once it comes out of your printer . If you own label design software that is compatible with these labels , you might be fine , but if you are planning to use the included software to create labels , good luck !
 The software with this package stinks . I can not manage to get labels that are centered even with fine tuning the settings . It is very frustrating !!
 Package contents indicates package as containing both lables and software . When actually , what is in the box are labels and no software .
 unhappy because my reader would n't open up after trying to read one with a sticker on it.I gave up and bought a $ 99 Canon printer that prints labels . Way cool printer
 I purchased the labels to place on DVD slide shows I make . You ca n't beat it for the price , but I would suggest paying a bit more and getting a higher quality photo paper that is used for DCD/CD making . This is just that . . paper . . and the print quality is horrible !
 The picture shows CD/DVD label refills , but the actual product received was `` CD Label Refills '' There is a warning on the back of the package , `` using full face paper lables on DVD 's may result in the disc becoming unreadable . To reduce the risk of lost data , use only labels designed for DVD 's or use the center hub only label . '' Beware , if you 're using full face lables on DVD 's , shop around . -LRB- Note
 I attempted to download the required program to use the labels with my MacBook but could not access the program . I then emailed Memorex to find out if it was Mac compatible but got no response . It probably does n't make sense to return them to Amazon due to the postage cost .
 In about 2000 , I made a series of beautiful CD labels using the Memorex CD Label program -- Then , when my computer imploded , lost that program and had no way to even open the labels until I bought the current software.AND IT IS TERRIBLE -- Where previously the software was use-friendly , quick and allowed a lot of artistry , now it is a slow , primitive version of its former self.I just wonder -- Why would Memorex shoot their own software in the foot like this ? Are they just planning to phase it out entirely , but making it too difficult and time-consuming to even use ?
 Do n't buy these labels unless you already have the software and are buying extras ! The package and the labels themselves say to go to memorex.com/labelmaker to download the `` Free '' software . However , as of 12/14/2009 , that URL redirects to the memorex home-page and no amount of searching or clicking around the site turned up any software for them . Total waste of money !
 We had the worst experience with FurnitureBuzz . If U happen to not like the furniture or changed your mind shortly after U orded it , be ready to pay 3 TIMES MORE !!!! We did !!! They charged for shipping to us -LRB- which is understandable $ 39.44 -RRB- and then also for the return $ 28.30 . TOTAL $ 120.74 including the cost of the furniture piece !!! Do n't waste your money . Even if something that U orded was inexpencive ... We 've never heard or experienced that a customer has to pay for a return . We REFUSED the package - DID ' T OPEN it ! Nobody charges for that !!! We 're very , very upset . This is a robbery ! FurnitureBuzz is the worst experience we 've ever had!ALWAYS CHECK THE RETURN POLICY , before U order !!!!!
 This is the worst packaging tape I have ever used . The dispenser does not feed the tape properly and you have to constantly refeed the tape . Now for the really bad part . This may work well if you are taping large boxes but I ship in smaller boxes about 6 '' x 6 '' x 2 '' . Alot of small pieces of tape tear and stick on your fingers giving you plenty of work to do picking them off of your fingers . What a pain in the behind . I 'll never buy this trash again !!
 I broke the lid on the pen , so I took the pen to a MontBlanc Store in Scottsdale AZ. . They told me that this was a fake MontBlanc and that MontBlanc did not make this type of Pen in a Roller Ball . They showed me the pen that was this type and it was only made in a fountain pen . They took off a lid from one of their fountain pens and it fit . They did say that this was a good fake , but I was told that this was an original MontBlanc . I highly recommend you do not by from this vendor.Chris & Stephanie Holmes
 It is truly very sad indeed to see Mont Blanc lower its superb standards of excellence in an effort to attract the unwashed masses to a name associated with sophistication and success . This writing instrument is hardly worthy of the name Mont Blanc and in reality bears very little resemblance to the authentic experience . One need not even bother to describe this tawdry imitation , a cheap attempt to share the aura of Mont Blanc with the plebian more suited to a Bic . In fact , if not for the Mont Blanc logo itself , this would appear to be something from the Office Max catalogue of Pilot pens boxed by the dozen for mass consumption in cubicles . Mont Blanc has betrayed its own legend by producing something of this sort . I have posted a quite vehement letter of protest to the directors of Mont Blanc in order to voice the dismay of Mont Blanc loyalists who find this creation an abomination and take it as somewhat of a personal insult . Their reply is awaited with anticipation of an apology and one hopes this is a terrible mistake , never to be repeated .
 Mont blanc pens I guess are best kept behind a glass case . Although their ink cartridges roll well and feel fluid , their pens fall apart too easily for their price range.I 've had mine for a month , and new pieces fall off everyday . It 's pathetic .
 not a Mont Blanc . Fell apart . Do Not Buy This Pen . Not even a good replica . A total waste of money .
 Do n't listen to the high reviews . They must work for this company . This is a piece of plastic covered in thin foam and black fabric . It 's actually horrible . Very uncomfortable . You would be better off buying a cheap pillow from WalMart and putting it in a black pillow case . I ca n't believe they even produced such a stupid product . It does nothing . Your weight will crush it instantly . What a joke and waste of money .
 This looked like a decent product for car seat pad for someone with a bad back . The issue is the hard plastic inserts that jab into your thighs . I could not get those to turn outward at all to reduce the new pain .
 Not a comfortable seat.its constantly sliding.You always have to keep readjusting , mistake buying the lower seat.Would return it but dont have box anymore.I thought it would minimise my pain instead its just more annoying to use .
 I have a very bad lumbar region plus sciatica . I just can not know whether this helps per se as opposed to using TENs and opiates . It feels like a lumpy , slim pillow .
 I have purchased 3 of these . 2 were great and made my antique kitchen chair and computer seat feel very comfortable . One of the latest I purchased is actually painful from the first few moments on it . I can feel the metal bar pressing into my distal thighs . I am disappointed and sorry that I did n't have the time to exchange it as I had given my other two away to my parents and husband . I would recommend you keep your box and receipt while you try it out just in case you get a lemon . D.
 This cushion is not made to be used by men over medium size . It has an interior plastic frame . The sides of the frame swoop upward . The padding is soft , not dense , and the edges of the frame dig into thighs and upper legs . No way I could get used to that .
 I bought this along with the Ultra back rest from the same manufacturer . I love the back rest , but the seat was too thin for a day at the office . I 'm a fit 30-something with lumbar and cervical facet issues , hence the interest in these products . The seat is not angled , so it does n't do anything for pelvic tilt while working at a desk . Also , the foam cushion flattens out after less than an hour , and by two hours sitting becomes painful as all I can feel is the hard plastic frame below , which is not removable . I just took the seat off my char and find the chair cushion more comfortable . I 'm sorely disappointed by this product and could not recommend this to anyone . Others have complained that the edges of the plastic frame dig into their thighs ; if I were a bit larger -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and 165 -RRB- I can see how that would be a serious issue as well . Poor design overall and not at all ergonomic .
 After sitting in my recliner too much and triggering a bout of back pain -LRB- that later turned into a severely herniated disc -RRB- I purchased the Obus Ultra Forme backrest for added support . I was so happy with the backrest that I decided that adding the seat was called for . It unfortunately turned out to be fairly uncomfortable . The support was pretty good , and the problem might have been that it was too small for my recliner , but I ended up returning it . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 200lbs , so maybe I do n't have enough built in padding , but regardless , I was disappointed in the seat after being so happy with the backrest .
 I have purchased 3 of these . 2 were great and made my antique kitchen chair and computer seat feel very comfortable . One of the latest I purchased is actually painful from the first few moments on it . I can feel the metal bar pressing into my distal thighs . I am disappointed and sorry that I did n't have the time to exchange it as I had given my other two away to my parents and husband . I would recommend you keep your box and receipt while you try it out just in case you get a lemon . D.
 This cushion is not made to be used by men over medium size . It has an interior plastic frame . The sides of the frame swoop upward . The padding is soft , not dense , and the edges of the frame dig into thighs and upper legs . No way I could get used to that .
 I bought this along with the Ultra back rest from the same manufacturer . I love the back rest , but the seat was too thin for a day at the office . I 'm a fit 30-something with lumbar and cervical facet issues , hence the interest in these products . The seat is not angled , so it does n't do anything for pelvic tilt while working at a desk . Also , the foam cushion flattens out after less than an hour , and by two hours sitting becomes painful as all I can feel is the hard plastic frame below , which is not removable . I just took the seat off my char and find the chair cushion more comfortable . I 'm sorely disappointed by this product and could not recommend this to anyone . Others have complained that the edges of the plastic frame dig into their thighs ; if I were a bit larger -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and 165 -RRB- I can see how that would be a serious issue as well . Poor design overall and not at all ergonomic .
 After sitting in my recliner too much and triggering a bout of back pain -LRB- that later turned into a severely herniated disc -RRB- I purchased the Obus Ultra Forme backrest for added support . I was so happy with the backrest that I decided that adding the seat was called for . It unfortunately turned out to be fairly uncomfortable . The support was pretty good , and the problem might have been that it was too small for my recliner , but I ended up returning it . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 200lbs , so maybe I do n't have enough built in padding , but regardless , I was disappointed in the seat after being so happy with the backrest .
 Do n't listen to the high reviews . They must work for this company . This is a piece of plastic covered in thin foam and black fabric . It 's actually horrible . Very uncomfortable . You would be better off buying a cheap pillow from WalMart and putting it in a black pillow case . I ca n't believe they even produced such a stupid product . It does nothing . Your weight will crush it instantly . What a joke and waste of money .
 This looked like a decent product for car seat pad for someone with a bad back . The issue is the hard plastic inserts that jab into your thighs . I could not get those to turn outward at all to reduce the new pain .
 Not a comfortable seat.its constantly sliding.You always have to keep readjusting , mistake buying the lower seat.Would return it but dont have box anymore.I thought it would minimise my pain instead its just more annoying to use .
 I have a very bad lumbar region plus sciatica . I just can not know whether this helps per se as opposed to using TENs and opiates . It feels like a lumpy , slim pillow .
 I purchased 3 of these items . Guess what you get when it eventually gets delivered ? A really huge , ugly red stop sign embroidered on the backrest with a bunch of writing on it in white letters-NOT BLACK AS PICTURED ~ ! . my husband and I used them to drive on a 9 hour trip and it did not help at all . I bought 3 . two to use and to give one as a present . they are refusing to take them back when on the packing slip it instructs you to email them and they will give you the return protocol . DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH DEALYARD !!!!! buy your product elsewhere !!!!! false advertising and zero customer service and satisfaction . and maybe stop using amazon since they wo n't be able to solve any service issues either !!!!!!
 You have to have the perfect type of car seat for this to fill well in . Chances are you carseat wo n't fit this perfectly . I had a 2012 Honda Civic and it did n't work out to well .
 It did not help me at all . I am sorry . I spend 120 Euros and it wasnt of any use ! The old obus forme I have its much better and I use it a lot .
 One issue is the width of the chair back and that of the back rest 's straps . I did buy a slender ergonomic chair and adjusting its chair back seems to help more overall than the slight pressure of the bottom bulge of the Obus on a lumbar region that has herniated discs , a narrow canal , spondylothesis , spondylosis , etc. . Opiates , TENs , and Spine Worx work where I can feel results .
 i bought this because my car seat forces me to hunch over . i drive 2 hrs a day and have constant pain by the time i get home . i have a small frame 5 ' 6 , 130lbs with a small waist . whenever i sit down , i never feel like i have enough lower back support . i purchased this thinking it would help my problem . first of all , i was excited because it was n't hideous but once you get the thing in , you can no longer rest your head . i liked the back support at first and then noticed much more back pain once i got to my destination . simply put , there 's not enough lower back support . i ended up using my memory foam pillow until i can find something better . would love some recommendations if anyone has them !!
 Foot Covers on Only THREE LEGS . I 've asked that the MISSING FOOT COVER BE SENT , BUT NO RESPONSE SO FAR ... VERY DISAPPOINTING `` SERVICE ''
 this is the first thing i purchased from amazon that i was disappointed in , the ladder that you sent was 3 years old , and you could tell that it was on a daily bases , someone tried to doctor it up by painting over rusty spots and steps were worn down , so someone in that shipping dept. has a lot of spare time on there hands to ship something in that condition , i 'll be more cautious when buying things from you in the future , sincerely tom
 The bottom step does n't come out far enough to be able to step on it without hitting your shin on the top step . I have normal size legs . I ca n't imagine a heavier person being able to use this.I 'm so disappointed . Now , when I look at the picture , I can see that the bottom step is almost right under the top step.Yes , it 's well-built and sturdy . I 'll use it by placing my one-step stool in front of it and that will be my bottom step.Don ' t understand how anyone could give this 5 stars , unless your shins are bent backwards ! I would give it zero stars if I could!The designers of this product ought to be ashamed . Totally unusable bottom step .
 This is a good step stool and I would have given it five stars had it not been missing a part when it was delivered . I searched high and low for the missing rubber foot -LRB- which must have fallen off before it was packaged -RRB- to no avail . I wrote a complaint to Amazon , but got no response . Since I needed to use the step stool immediately , I improvised by taping several layers of paper towel around the leg with the missing rubber foot . I did not want to go through the trouble of sending this huge package back but am annoyed that amazon did not even acknowledge my complaint .
 I had a Cross Classic Century 14K set for years . Due to my total carelessness , I lost them recently . I thought at least I can replace them by ordering a new set . I was wrong . The item I received today was a big disappointment . First , the color was n't rose gold . It was rather plain yellow gold . Second , it felt so much lighter than the same pen/pencil I used to have . There was no nice heavy feel to it . Then I realize the ` USA ' engraving was missing on top . I flipped the box to find ` Made in China ' . I was so disgusted I did n't want the set any more . I called Cross to ask if they have anything made in USA . The lady said no ... Now all Cross pens are made in China . I 'm so saddened that I can never get replace my pens . You can clearly see and feel the quality is not there .
 I own a couple usa made 1964 Cross pen and pencil sets which are the vintage version of this new set . This new set is NOT usa made like the old ones . Its chinese made , light and flimsy , and does not have the rose gold look . It looks more like 10kt gold filled . The inner barrel edges are not smooth , the two pieces of the pen dont sit evenly and required some sanding to fit right . The two pieces of the pen require careful manipulation to sit right . On the vintahe sets , the two parts always sit right together . I was disappointed when I sent in a broken vintage 14kt gold filled set to Cross for repair and they sent me this new set since they could not repair my vintage set due to lack of parts . I was disappointed . I sold this new so called `` new and updated '' set on ebay for 50 bucks which is 100 bucks less than the price of new . Thats how much i hated it . The person who bought it was estatic to get it for cheap , but hey , im sticking with my usa made vintage sets . Cross is not what they used to be , but i guess it just makes the vintage ones more sought after . Dont waste 150 bucks on this set . Go on ebay and get a used usa made vintage 14kt gold filled pen and pencil set for 60 bucks . You cant go wrong with the vintage ones .
 the pens failed on me after only a few days it was as if they were real old or something . the in broke up and would not go to the tip .
 I give this product 2 stars , only because I like the pen very much . Like the title states , I ordered 2 boxes of 12 . One box contained 12 , the other 9 . I will not order from this seller again . Amazon 's customer service did issue me a partial refund , though .
 I bought the Sheaffer fine point Viewpoint Calligraphy Pen two days ago . I have had a problem with this pen flooding , blotting and leaking from the first time I attempted to use it . There are ink stains on my desk , my arms , six out of ten fingers and most likely my nose or mouth -LRB- as I 've probably absent mindedly scratched at an itch -RRB- . Not little ink dots , either . It looks as if a clumsy cop attempted to finger print me . I 'd love to sit and write more about this pen , but I have to go wash my hands -- AGAIN .
 I have used Sheaffer pens -LRB- manufactured by Bic - fyi -RRB- for years and am very disappointed in the new design . The `` cut out '' for the ink level is in a bad location . It causes difficulty when trying to make certain letters if your nib is not lined up correctly , your pen may slip if your hand is over this HOLE and the edges are sharp . I do n't understand the need for a HOLE to view ink levels . Why not a transparent barrell ? I have fairly small hands and the hole cuts into my hand with every letter . I recommend changing brands
 This pen has a flow problem . It will write for maybe half a page , and then no amount of shaking and pleading will make the ink come out . The barrel cut-out to see the ink cartridge is pretty cool , however I agree with the other commenters that the cut-out edges are needlessly sharp . I would not buy this pen again .
 This Pen is Not Good . This Was My Very First Fountain Pen And iWas Very Very Disappointed With How The Pen Has A Problem With The Ink Flow And You Are Planing To Buy This Pen I Would n't Recommend It To Any Body .
 I like many others have had a Checkbook calculator in the past and loved it . I was looking forward to getting a new one for Christmas . It has a nice soft touch key pad . And keeps 3 account records . However the keys were unresponsive -LRB- sticky keys -RRB- . Sometimes when keys were pressed they worked and other times they did not . Amazon was great and sent me another one to try and it had the same problem so I had to return it . I have n't read others reporting this problem so perhaps this defect will be corrected . If so , I would buy it again . But not sure if the problem is fixed or not .
 This calculator lasted a whole 3 weeks . The display was broken up and unreadable . I tried retting , new battery , and anything else i could think of . nothing helped . Do n't waste your money on this one ...
 I was on vacation when the Datexx DB-412 Checkbook Calculator FEDEX tried to deliver , was returned to sender . Deed to have it resent to my address . We are back from vacation.Regards , Stan Paplauskas
 The checkbook calulater does not stay attached to the small strip of velcro on the cover.No velcro on the back of the calulater .
 I purchased the DATEXX checkbook calculator to help my wife track her deposits and checks . When setting the calculator up by entering recent purchases and deposits , I was amazed to find that the calculator did not have a function to delete an inaccurate entry . You have to reset the calculator or put an opposite entry to cancel out the incorrect one . I 'll be looking for a more useful checkbook calculator .
 I just started using this calculator on June 30th , after the old one quit.When pressing the numbers , they get very dim , even after new batteries are put in it . If it is held at a certain angle , the numbers can be read , but other wise it is not readable most of the time.I wish there were more selection of checkbook calculators the cheaper model -LRB- DB403 -RRB- was a better calculater . I might buy another one because when using it , I can keep better account of checks/account balance with a checkbook calculator . / Thank You , Thomas W Bennett
 I bought this to replace one I had had for years -LRB- bought at Office Depot -RRB- . This Datexx did n't last a year . I will buy one , next time , with little solar cells -LRB- like my previous one -RRB- . I would n't recommend this one to anyone .
 This is 2nd , diff item purchased in this category . Not too happy w/operation as it does n't want to hold info - needs to be reset even more than other one I bought !
 Bought this calculator in April 2010 . A year later the last numerical digit started flashing . Replaced both batteries and continued to flash . Unusable at this point . Now in the trash .
 This calculator is junk ! I must double check each and every button application because this calculator will either not register the number/process at all , or will enter it twice . If the calculator would accept the entries correctly , it would be exactly what I wanted , but I have resorted to using the calculator on my Kindle instead .
 The numbers do not register right , putTeledex DB-413 Checkbook Calculator-Tracks Latest Savings , Checking , Credit Financial Entriesin 8 you get 9 , etc. . New battery did not help . This product is junk .
 When I first used one of these pens , it wrote so nicely that my handwriting was actually more legible . I went ahead and bought a pack from Amazon and in a short amount of time the pens stopped producing ink . It writes as if the ink ran out , but it 's nearly full . I did n't abuse the pen , so I do n't know why this happened , but I 'd expect a little more dependability for the price of these things . Looks like I 'm sticking with the freebies I pick up at my local bank . At least they keep working .
 This package arrived with 3 pens , not 4 . Both the description and the photo said 4 pens were included . WTH ?
 I have been looking for a pen that will dry quickly and not smear when writing on glossy paper . This is not that pen . It writes very smoothly on standard paper , and does dry rather quickly . For most writing tasks , this is a fine pen . But I need a pen that will dry instantly , even on the glossy paper of a photo book . This one disappointed me greatly , as it is possible to smear the text into illegibility with just a quick wipe of the finger for several seconds after writing .
 I had our secretary buy this specific pen after using another model and am pretty disappointed . Yes , the ink dries fast , and I 'm left-handed , so that 's nice . However , this particular pen skips on normal paper -- pads , post-its , everything . It skips enough that it 's pretty much unusable.The other style -LRB- model SAN33921 -RRB- , with a cap instead of a retractable tip , is great , dries fast , and does n't skip at all . I 've only got one of those , and I 've lost the cap , but I still keep it resting at the top of my keyboard because it 's just a nice pen .
 Except for the name Caran d'Ache , this hardly qualifies as a fine writing instrument and is more in the category of pens of BIC quality . In fact , it is simply a cheaply made plastic pen that happens to have been produced in Switzerland . To complete the outrage , it arrived in a tawdry vinyl coin purse-like case that was an insult . For $ 70.00 plus shipping , one expects to be rather pleased with the purchase when it is a Caran d'Ache . But this , this is beyond comprehension . I have used pens chained to the counters at banks that were more impressive . At least those pens are more substantial and more smoothly finished . Caran d'Ache should be ashamed of this crummy piece of trash ! No self respecting collector of fine writing instruments would display this . The humiliation would be just too much to bear .
 This is rubbish ; it fell apart afer I had used it half a dozen times .
 I never received my order from the seller . My first message to seller regarding my order not arriving went unanswered . The second message I sent to the seller was quickly answered after the seller was informed by me that I was considering filing a dispute . My money was refunded . Seller should in my opinion , consider another means of shipping items and pay better attention to messages sent to them and establish a follow-up policy for shipments sent out to buyers . The seller stated that they never saw my first message .
 The phone sounds great . I do n't have a problem with the sound . The size , great . It 's light , great . Not too thrilled with its menus , but that I could live with.My major beef is that there 's NO REASON the battery indicator can not indicate what the battery status is when the phone is not on the base . What the heck 's the point of knowing the battery status only when it 's on the base ?? And even then , it does n't give you a battery life status , it gives you a battery charging status . OF COURSE I KNOW THE THING 'S CHARGING IN THE BASE if the light 's green.So , the point is if you 're like me and leave your phone off of the base for a few days at a time -LRB- because I still do not trust that keeping them on the charger will not kill the battery -RRB- , expect to be in the middle of a conversation and hear a beep , or simply come back to pick up a dead phone.This one , small , inconvenience is sending me searching for a new phone . After a couple of frustrating hours on the phone with various customer service reps today , the beep came at the wrong time . Of course , had I known that battery life was at less than 1/3rd , I would have run to get a new handset before starting the last call.It 's like Ford selling a car without a fuel gauge - or worst yet , Ford selling a car that tells you the fuel state only when there 's a gas pump in the tank -LRB- because you always need to know how much gas you have while the pump is in the tank -RRB- . Seems too simple to miss , therefore inexcusable .
 Had these phones for less than a year . One of the phones rings but will not pick up the call . It shows I am connected but I ca n't hear the other person and they still hear a ring and it goes into voice mail . I can call out but the line is not clear at all .
 As mentioned in previous reviews , this phone does not have a battery indicator . It also does not tell you how low your battery is . So in the middle of the conversation , it just goes dead without warning . I had Motorola replaced the battery , because I was only getting a talk time of 30 minutes max ... which is due to the phone always continuously being charged . But how is a consumer suppose to know when to charge the phone if there is no battery indicator . Stay away from this phone .
 I like the SD-7502 handset much better than this one . The screen is similar to that of a cell phone . However , they are nearly impossible to find . Also , you need to buy a decent battery for longer life . The `` sanik '' are no good . I 'm told that the Energizer ER-P510 will last a lot longer and cost more of course.Even with new Energizer battery , phone goes out after an hour . I does n't give you any warning either . It beeps and bye bye .
 If your call lasts more than 1 hour , do n't buy this phone system.I 've used these phones for corporate teleconferencing . I have to keep 2nd handset next to me for backup . Usually low battery warning cuts off the line , and it goes away no matter how soon I turn on the 2nd . So , lots of embarrassing moments . Using 2.5 mm headset does n't help much to extend battery , instead of speaker phone . Changing battery does n't help much neither . In less than 3 years of $ 100 investment , I 'm looking for other & more reliable phone system with longer talk time .
 We bought 2 for our office and I wish I never did ... Contacted Motorola over 3 times ... they send me battery replacement because sometimes only lasted for an hour ... I ended up buying a Very cheap one with 2 units that is working much better than this one .
 I write this in the wake of purposely shattering one of the two handsets included in this system on my floor after it -- once again -- dropped a call on me with no warning -LRB- no beeps , no flashes , nothing -RRB- , but a kind `` LOW BATTERY '' message on the display after dying . Of course , switching immediately to the other handset does n't return you to the call-in-progress ; when a handset dies , it disconnects the call.We replaced the OEM battery for $ 15 in one of the handsets a few months ago , and it improved battery life marginally . The phone still gives no warning of its impending demise , which is particularly frustrating if you 've been on hold with customer service for 45 minutes and they 've finally gotten to you.Wife 's on her way to Best Buy right now to find us a better system .
 We have three of these units and the battery lasts for no longer than ten minutes -LRB- ! -RRB- of talk time unless you buy expensive new batteries every two or three months . Also , after about a year of owning these units , the LCD screens became almost completely illegible on all three handsets . These must have been the cheapest LCD screens Motorola could get their hands on .
 This is the first time I am reviewing a product to hopefully steer a potential buyer away . I was incredibly happy with this unit for the first few months . The sound quality was 100 % perfect , and the base unit and handset felt solid - not cheaply made at all . BUT , within a few months , the battery life seemed to go out the window . I bought new batteries , did n't use the phone at all for about sixteen hours , giving them a chance to fully recharge , and had the same issue , so it was n't the battery . Sometimes it charges ok , and I can use the phone for hours until I get that beepbeep low batt warning . Other times I can be on a call for 15 minutes and hear the same low batt warning . Go figure ! I expected better quality from Motorola . I am writing this review at least five years after buying the main unit -LRB- that comes w/one handset -RRB- , and only TWO YEARs after buying this extra handset . Within the past year , the characters in the display window of both handsets are barely legible . It 's like an old typewriter whose ribbon needs to be changed.I have sent an e-mail to Motorola , who said I should unplug at the base unit and remove the handset battery for an hour . Guess what ? Same problem exists . Just sent another e-mail , but I am not hopeful . It 's difficult to be an optimist when dealing with modern electronic products . Sometimes I miss the simple rotary days !!!
 I returned the entire Motorola C51 system . It kept droppong cell phone calls . I then purchased the Panasonic KX-TH111 and it works great !
 I like the features this phone system has with blue tooth cability to place and receive calls from you cell . Also the ability to get notifications if someone calls and leaves a message on the phone and then the phone with call you anywhere you have programmed to review you answer machine . Now the downfall , the blue tooth feature is great but drops you in the middle of a call with no reason . Also the battery life is a joke , if you get the phone with the non-color display the battery last maybe 40 minutes talk , and thats after lifting it off the charging stand . The Color display , well you might as well limit you call to half that . And I even bought differnt rechargable batteries -LRB- Energizers -RRB- with the listed talk times . I thought when buying Motorola I was buying quality . The Cell phones I do n't have problems .
 I found the Soundstation product I use in the office to be so good that I decided to get this product for my home office.I purchased the 2 line version of this phone . I had two problems immediately . The light on the mute button stopped working . Also , there was this annoying intermitant hum on the line -LRB- which all others on the call could hear as well -RRB- . I called their customer service and they were very helpful . They apologized for the problem . They told me that the hum was a design flaw and that new models should n't experience the problem . I asked them to send me a new version of the phone so that I would n't have this problem going forward . They gave me a return materials number.I received a replacement phone in the mail within a week and found that phone to have the same problem with a hum . I am very disappointed that they do n't stand behind their product . If there is a design flaw then they should replace the product or refund the purchase price .
 I ordered this phone on Jan 15 , 2004 . Today is Feb 9 , 2004 and I have not received it to date . I 've tried contacting the seller , but the emails are bounced back and it states the email address is not valid . Everyone , I urge you NOT to purchase from this seller .
 I have ordered -LRB- and received -RRB- the paper/label set to print pictures in small format.I have also ordered the paper tray that goes with it otherwise it is not possible to print . Unfortunately , the paper tray seems unavailable - I 've now been waiting several weeks , and have the feeling that soon , I will be told it does n't exist . So , I 'm stuck with the expensive paper and ink and wo n't be able to use them .
 I keep ordering the large post card size and keep getting the very small teeny business card size . I finally just gave up and choose not to spend any more money on this product
 This is the worst phone I have ever had . The static is incredibly bad . All the time . The features are great , but the features are useless if all you hear is static .
 I thought this phone was a safe bet , I spent a little more than usual as most cordless phones I have had are poor quality . The reviews seemed decent , but I am disappointed in this phone . The sound quality is ok , not great , often some static . The handset does n't seem to quite fit right on the base and seems to charge off and on meaning that the battery life is not great and I cant have a very long conversation . The speaker button is a stupid design , when you want to switch back to normal and press the speaker button again it hangs the phone up ! Generally not a good phone for the money . Plus side , it does look quite good and comes with an answering system that works well , and the whole thing is compact . I think I am done with cordless phones and might return to one that may have a cord , but actually works well .
 BFD . It works but if you 're looking for a magic phone , forget it . I wanted a phone like my old Sony that had a nice contact storage but this thing does n't have that .
 If you want a phone that will last longer than 90 days , do n't waste your money on this piece of technological garbage . I 've had my phone less than two months and the battery is already completely dead . I might as well have taken my money and set fire to it in a parking lot . I will never again purchase another GE phone . It 's a good thing their light bulbs work better than their phones ...
 Pen is far lighter than I had expected and not very evenly balanced . The resin is far yellower than the image indicated which is a dissapointment . Would not buy another and find it expensive for quality offered .
 The paper is soft and rather flimsy compared to similar products I have used . The gummed binding is also poor and does not securely hold the sheets . If you need to make notes on more than one page , the top page will detach no matter how gently you attempt turn it back .
 These were very disappointing scratch pads . The cardboard backing for the pad is quite flimsy making them difficult to use . On the other hand , although the paper is n't very white , inks do n't seem to run on it .
 It can be difficult with finding a 5x7 pad in a local store , Thought I would &#34; think Green &#34; with buying these pad 's made from recycled materials . The paper material is ` weak ' , rips too easy . The GLUE TOP is also shabby , cardboard backing came off two pads rite away and am afraid , this glue top does not hold the paper sheets as expected . Next time , I will spend the extra buck 's and purchase &#34; real &#34; scratch pad 's .
 When we got it we thought it was great . That was about 2 weeks ago . As of this morning when we lifted the top it came off !!!! I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 It was defective in that when I opened the lid , the back attachment was totally unattached from the base . It seemed to be poorly assembled .
 Please note that the item looks nothing like pictured . I realize that the description says `` medium oak , '' but that is a very subjective description . If you are trying to match your decor to the color of the wood pictured ... do n't . We were disappointed . May return it .
 The only thing good about this product was the hardware , we threw the box away . Trash , covered with loose paper .
 I do n't know what this box is made of , but it 's not wood . It has a really ugly imitation oak , plastic finish .
 description states `` clear label '' - this item is not as clear as one might hope for / label was disapointing
 These were supposed to be 6 `` x10 '' Kraft Ecolite Bubble Mailers purchased from Tribeca Nik Inc aka whypaymorebooks . The box said 6 `` x10 '' Kraft but the Mailers were only 5.75 '' wide and made by CPI Packaging ? So They sent the right thing but have it advertised and described wrong . The picture is of the Kraft Ecolite but what you get is not even close . They were really cheap and the Bubbles were pretty much non existent compared to Ecolite . I ca n't believe they were even allowed to sell these . You ca n't get a Video Game , DVD or Blu Ray in them unless you jam it in there and tear the paper . Even then it was n't protected very well . I ca n't speak for every seller who sells these but do not buy them from Tribeca Nik Inc -LRB- whypaymorebooks -RRB- unless you do n't care about quality and getting the correct size .
 First , its sad that Amazon allows seller Yoyoink on the marketplace . They are dishonest , rude and discourage me from purchasing further.I ordered the mailers , they arrived in a damaged box , the mailers are not 6x10 , they are 5x8 . This is a considerable difference and UNACCEPTABLE . I purchased this specific size , and expected exact measurements . I contacted seller to inquire if they had sent wrong mailers in error . They argued they did not . I provided them a picture with measurements clearly showing much much smaller envelope . They said they will ship a replacement . They will not replace until they receive/process the return and state this can take 2 + weeks , again unacceptable . Your error should not be my reason for delay . They sent rude emails many times . Finally they said a replacement was sent , 2 weeks pass , no envelopes . I follow up , they say they processed refund per my request . I never asked for refund , I asked to have exactly what I ordered , nothing else.Dishonest seller to say the least . I 'm not sure YOYOINK is fluent in english or if this person/company just uses google translate . The envelopes are very poor quality , super super thin , bubbles popped , adhesive is about 2/8 thick , not enough to hold . Envelopes split open as sides are not glued properly.AVOID AT ALL COSTS . I ended up paying more , and ordering from Uline , no quality issues , friendly customer service .
 The good news is the web site is easy to use , the order was shipped promptly and was accurate . Bad news is the bubble envelopes are supposed to be # 0 in size ; Maybe they are technically , but they are smaller than the other # O envelopes I have bought and I can not fit as much in them . I bought one box to try it because the price was good and shipping was included ; they are made in China and I have a thing about many items made there . I am often unimpressed with quality control or quality of product in general . Unfortunately , these bubble mailers are not an exception to the rule.I will stick with my current supplier and pay a bit more .
 These are awful . I had purchased before and LOVED them , but this time they came and were different . They are a lighter color and have a longer flap for sealing . The bubbles are not as thick , and worst of all , they DO N'T STAY SEALED ! I packaged a bunch of these up a day or so ago , and today I find that all of the flaps have come undone ! I am SO glad I did n't go ahead and mail them before checking !! I will NEVER buy these again , they are USELESS .
 Altho I have no problem with the quality of the mailers , they are not 0 sized - they are more like 00 ! This means that they are a tight fit for CDs and do not work at all for DVD 's and other items that fit easily into EVERY OTHER # 0 ENVELOPE I HAVE EVER HAD . I ended up buying another kind of # 0 from another vendor since these can only be used to ship half my intended inventory items . Will be glad when they are gone & will never order them again .
 These envelopes are a little thin -- both the paper and bubble wrap.Probably not a huge problem , but it wo n't surprise me if a few of them do n't ship intact.My main concern though is that they 're smaller than the usual 6 x 9 envelopes I buy.Not a huge issue there either , but I paid extra to get something slightly roomier -- and now have something even tighter.On the 6 '' inch side , they 're close . But , the only way they reach 10 is if you 're counting the flap that folds over . And that seems like a silly way to measure .
 I wasnt happy . I purchased same item from different vendor & was was 6 1 / '' wide . These are Not as wide & some of our products do n't fit .
 This is the most used size for my needs , I ship about 100 packages a week . I was paying a little more for mailers elsewhere so I thought I 'd give these a try because they would save me a little . They work but I would not consider them to be a quality product . They 're thinner and have less padding than what I was using . I will be switching back to the other ones I was using -LRB- ULine -RRB- .
 Inside dimensions are smaller than the measurements seem . They took the product back and refunded my money . They said I needed the # 1 envelopes , which I ordered . They are fine . I need to mail out my paperback book to those who order -LRB- Baltho , The Dog Who Owned a Man -RRB- .
 My order came with half to one inch tear/cut in one side of the flap end . Too late to return . Have to tape each package . I like the size and performance in all other respects . Arrived quickly .
 First I Must Say , Ecolite is a Superior Brand Name bubble Mailer made in the USA of Recycled Products , The Bubble mailers say Ecolite accross the bottom Pretty easy to tell what is ecolite . I was very happy with the bubble mailers , when I reordered amazon plugged me into another shipper , i received it as delivery stated , but not even close to ecolite , cheap brittle kraft paper and a undersized # 0 bubble mailer , no logo , no quality , and i am sure you can figure where it was made , i ship a lot and has to use a bunch of these knockoffs , 3 products i ship in # 0 bubble mailer did not even fit into these cheap copys , so when i reordered and I got screwed . I am Waiting to receive my resolution , but can not explain what a hassle an the frustration . So when Amazon plugs you in to Yoyoink to buy these bubblemailers Yoyoink ships a False in superior product screwing you and misrepresenting ecolight brand . Now I have already reordered from Valuemailers because I needed these yesterday and they ship the right product . I Have no gripe with true ecolite bubble mailers , and 2 major gripes with Yoyoink for falsely shipping product and Amazon for not regulating the product they represent and repluging you into another seller when you reorder . This in not the first time amazon has plugged me into another seller when i went to reorder a product i was pleased with only to get a different product.PhooeyValuemailers Ships the True Ecolite Product , Praise ValueMailers !!!
 These envelopes are too small for shipping DVDs . They are not 6X10 . They are 6X9 with little play in them .
 I specifically ordered this product because it said Ecolite # 0 6 '' x 10 `` mailer and showed the Ecolite logo in the photos . What I received is not Ecolite . It is a substitute , CPI Packaging . They are decent weight and all but not as large as an Ecolite # 0 . The specific box I need to fit in this mailer tears the mailer because it is too small . This same box fits nicely in an Ecolite # 0 . Beware , these are a small 6 '' x 10 '' ! Really disappointed , I 'd return , but I can use for other items , just not what I bought them for . Now I have to place another order somewhere else to get the right ones !
 I should have listened to all of the other reviewers who wrote to say that most of these companies bait and switch.These envelopes are a good size . They do match the 6 x 10 , but they are very flimsy . The bubbles inside are very flat so there is not going to be the kind of protection that I am looking for . I do n't even know if I am going to be able to use them for the little parts that I mail out . Very disappointing .
 Valuemailers advertised false item . The measurement for this item is totally wrong . It 's wider -LRB- 6.25 '' -RRB- and shorter -LRB- 9.25 '' -RRB- and not standard Kraft # 0 6 x 10 . Beware they will ask you to ship the item back on your expenses and refund less the shipping you paid . The only true compatible Kraft # 0 6 x 10 is made by CPI Packaging Value-lite mailer . You can find it from theboxery.com . Not many vendors carry the true 6x10 quality mailers .
 This is the second time I have ordered form this company . The first time they sent me the craft mailers as advertised . The second time they sent me mailers from a company called ` CPI ' . THESE MAILERS ARE SMALLER THAN THE KRAFT . ORDER AT YOUR OWN RISK .
 Avoid these mailers if you ship DVDs or video games . The width of the mailer is too short , resulting in the need to forcefully push the DVD or game into the envelope . It should n't have to be that difficult .
 I waited 9 days for this order to arrive and when it arrived they were not the same as advertised ... cheap imitation knock offs and they are not even YELLOW as they are some brown color and the material is cheap . . I would never ship anything in this garbage ... I am sending them back for a refund .
 These were not the brand specified in the listing . And they rip easily . I will not be ordering these again .
 Too bad there is no half star ... These are definitely not authentic quality `` Kraft '' bubble mailers.Cheap knock-offs that will not provide any protection and leave no room for adding your own . AVOID .
 I ordered 250 of these mailers and I 'm regretting that I did . The envelopes are n't as well made as the ones I bought previous on Amazon . They 're flimsier and easily rip . I use them to mail DVDs and the cases sometimes cause the evelopes to start to rip and it 's apparent they are n't as high of a quality as the envelopes I 've used in the past . I also have to bend them and form them a little before putting anything inside to `` loosen '' them up a bit for the product I 'm mailing . I 'm disappointed .
 The envelopes were a disappointment . I have ordered this type of envelope before from another company and the quality with the other company was soooo much better . the amazon envelopes are cheap in comparison . I also ordered them expedited and paid an additional fee for faster delivery . I was promised 1-3 days . They showed up in 2 weeks . do not recommend product or paying for fast shipping . Normally I love ordering from Amazon ... they do a great job . . however , they used an outside source that was a complete disappointment .
 The bubbles are relatively flat and the package somewhat flimsy -- definitely have seen better on Amazon for the same price . Lose about an inch of the packaging because the bubbles at the top are all but flat . Adhesive is decent.Will not purchase again .
 I bought these for my students to use to clip their pencil bags to their desks . They do n't close strong . They would probably be ok for very light purposes , but they are not sturdy enough for student use . I 've also used them to hold flash cards , index cards , etc. that are used more infrequently and they did hold up better .
 is this the prong fastener that goes on the 11in side -LRB- portrait -RRB- , rather than the 8.5 in side -LRB- landscape -RRB- of the paper?i give it no rating , as i 've not bought any .
 The description of the product item does not match the actual item . The picture does n't even match how it looks . The picture looks like it has a 2.75 center to match the compressor & that the enitre base is 8.5 '' . This is only for holding together paper in Landscape mode punched hole like a book in whick I 've never seen only two holes but 3 holes in landscape . I feel like I was cheated .
 it showed was send out yesterday and even with a track number , suddenly received a email said it was not in the warehouse . 11 of 13 items I ordered were not available ? why this company still have them on the amazon ? I had to run to staple to get all of them.Very disappointed , will never order from this company again .
 The board was initially advertised as 36 `` x60 '' , it actually measures at 36 '' x 48 '' . The seller misrepresented the actual size of the product . Had I known the REAL dimensions I would not have purchased the product as $ 79.99 is on the higher end for this size board in comparison with other 36 '' x 48 '' boards . There are already signs of ghosting with this product as well . The only plus is the wood frame which is somewhat aesthetically pleasing but I did n't buy a white board for looks ...
 This is the second AT&T ; phone that I have owned and both have been rubbish ! The signal strength needs to be optimal before this phone will work . That is ... you have to stand almost right next to the base for it to work . If thats the case you may as well save some money and purchase a cord phone -LRB- almost $ 100 savings -RRB- . No more AT&T ; phones for me !
 We purchased a base and handset and my family bought us two more handsets for Christmas to add to the system . A fairly expensive package , considering that the system stopped working only a few weeks after we owned it . AT&T 's tech support could not fix the problem . We are still trying to deal with AT&T to get reimbursed or receive a replacement system . It 's unfortunate ... the phones had nice features .
 After reading Consumer Reports high rankings of the AT&T products , I purchased this one . Big mistake . The phone had a terribly cheap feel and look . The one I bought from Amazon arrived already scratched on the handset and base . The silver paints just rubbed right off in shipment . The screen was chintzy and that 's being kind . When I talked into the handset , it sounded like I was talking into a bucket . I bought another Uniden like my last phone and returned this one .
 I am an obssessive shopper , I like to do the research and then try different alternatives . In order to replace our old Motorola system that is a few years old and not working as well as a primary system needs to work , I tried the Uniden TRU8885 as well as the AT&T E5826BC before comming back to Motorola . I wo n't bore you with the technical details , you can read them for yourself , I will , however , give a summary of overall pros and cons . The reception on the 5.8 gHz sustems was noticable less than the Motorola 2.4 gHz and we have never had any interference from our wireless router . The ATT was nicely designed although the icon menus were difficult to navigate and you had to select the Caller Id -LRB- CID -RRB- menu from either the handset or the base before you could see calls . Once you selected them , there was no way to have local calls listed without the area code , so you could n't dial from the CID log as you could from the Uniden and the Motorola . The Udiden was set up better but because of the 5.8 gHz freq has less reception than the 2.4 gHz Motorola , I found the buttons alittle small on the Uniden and ending calls was not always reliable as many times the phone rang after hanging up with the other party still connected . In addition , the Uniden answering machine picks up briefly every times the phone rings and is not answered even if the caller hangs up . I have found the Motorola 's menu to be easy to navigate and very intuative . ATT and Uiden make a big deal about ring-tones which I do n't care about , and ATT sings the praises of their color display that allows you to assign an icon for people in your phonebook . again , I do n't care , I think that the Motorola is much easier to use , the reception has always been good , and the product reliable . I would by the Moto in a heartbeat over the competition .
 the sound coming my way is fine but everybody tells me I sound like I am in a box . In other words , it sounds horrible for my listeners . should have returned it long ago but I 'm too busy to mess with this kind of stuff . Bad phone in my opinion .
 Ordered and received product after first speaking with techhical representative from manufacturer , who assured me it would be compatible with my small office phone system . Then ordered and received unit , which has essentially zero instructions , except for tiny pictures imprinted on various pieces . Multi-line phone system will not allow this unit to function at all . Calls to another technical representative at manufacturer were of no help . Unit is now a slightly odd-looking paperweight .
 I purchased the wedge-it for my classroom door . It lasted about 4 days ! When my students enter and leave the room some bump into the door and the door closed slightly each time . Eventually the wedge cracked and was useless ! Very disappointed .
 This arrived with 8 dents in it I 'm so angry . Costs more to ship back . So disappointed . should have been cool .
 I ordered these labels and was shocked when I opened the box - the labels were at about 15 years old , Avery had not used the packaging since 1996 , in fact the cover of the package boasted about working with WordPerfect and AmiPro -LRB- for those not old enough to remember , these were at one time the premier word processing packages , before Word took over the market -RRB- . At 15 years old , these labels probably no longer stick , which is why they are being sold so cheaply . Thankfully , Amazon was great and took the item back immediately and issued a refund - you have been warned !
 This item is awful . The connecting rods are not threaded , so they give you wall anchors to insert in the empty tubes . Even with a power screwdriver , this took over 30 minutes to put together . Save your money and your time . Not worth the frustration .
 Not worth returning , but it was impossible to put together . Not a single strut fit into a single hole -- the holes were all too small to put the pole ends ...
 I saw the mixed reviews and decided to risk it . I 'm returning it . They give you drywall screws and anchors to hold the thing together . There were no instructions for assembly . It is n't hard to figure out what they want you to do however , you ca n't actually do it . The anchors do n't fit in the metal tubes . While screwing in the first screw it became apparent that the anchor was n't going to survive being squished so tight between the metal of the tube and the screw . Save yourself the hassle and find something else .
 I was IKEAKed ! The product requires moderate assembling , so make sure you bring your screwdriver to work with you . It 's inconvenient and a complete burden ! Very disappointing .
 I ordered this item because it looked like just what I wanted for my office desk . The pieces looked ok when the package arrived . However , when I started trying to put it together I realized just how poor the hardware quality was . To attach the round tubes to the upright side frames , metal screws were provided . To make the screws fit tightly into the tubes , there were plastic drywall screw inserts in the bag of hardware . I tried to work with this odd assortment but it was impossible . I 'm a structural engineer and after spending about half an hour on just ONE screw , I gave up . I 'm going to come up with my own adapters because I do n't want to bother returning the item - the frame is all pretty good . But I suggest that if you need this type of organizer , you order a different one .
 This item is actually 11-5/8 '' wide x 13-3/4 '' deep x 10-5/8 '' high.As you can see , it is advertised as 103/4 '' wide x14 1/4 `` x 11 `` I needed it to fit in a cabinet beside my printer and measured the space available for it . The size advertised would have fit , but the item as it actually is will not fit . The packaging on it confirms that it is this model Sparco 90206 and clearly shows the dimensions as the larger ones , not those advertised.Such a hassle . I 'll be sending it back and shopping around some more.If the size had been correct , I 'd give it more stars . It 's fine if it had the correct dimensions .
 i received this product as damaged and warped . the legs , as other reviewers have continued to contend , are defective and do not rest evenly on a flat surface . the simple structure should result in simple set up , however it was terribly difficult to take this apart to return it . PLEASE do not buy this product . we should have listened to the negative reviews . this product is consistently damaged and defective across numerous reviews!we would give it zero stars . product was returned .
 Stay away from this one . First time i 'm leaving a bad review on Amazon . Item was open and defective and bent out of shape . Will return immediately .
 What drew me to this type of tray was that the trays moved so it was easy to retrieve whatever was in the tray . The reality of the matter is the trays are n't very stable and you cant put much in them . And the slide backwards as well . i lost a lot of papers behind my desk for that very reason . The stand does n't like to stay put either . Its not very sturdy and it slides very easily . Another way I lost a lot of papers . There are enlough trays in the world to skip over this one and find something better made .
 This seemed like a useful desk item but after 3 months the top track broke . It looked like it was welded together but the weld was weak and it snapped . There does not seem to be any way to repair it and it 's too late to return it . I was putting some light pressure on it when it snapped so warning others to be careful not to do that .
 I ordered 2 of these desk trays and although they were ordered at the same time from the same place and even shipped together , they came in different packaging and were NOT the same product . One was sturdy , easy to put together , and well made . The other was none of those things . It is so wobbly that the top drawer will randomly fall out of the tracks . They look similar but the sturdy one has threaded metal bars that connect the sides , while the other has metal bars with some sort of plastic inside that you 're supposed to put the screw into . It is way to easy to put the screws in just a little off center leading to the entire thing being wobbly.If this was just the sturdy design , it would have been 5 stars ...
 Cut to the chase
 The trays look nice , but the functionality is lacking . the trays do NOT slide in and out easily . They get stuck because the rack is not properly aligned . I thought it was something I did wrong , so I took it apart and put it back together again . That did n't help . One of the racks fits properly and slides well , but the other two do not . I do n't recommend purchasing this item . Perhaps there is nothing one out there of better quality .
 The frame for this tray came damaged . It was scratched and bent , causing the trey the rock . This item is useless as is and I will be seeking a refund . Do yourself a favor and buy something out of a local store . This online return stuff is a headache and waste of time !
 How hard is it to get something to sit flat on a flat surface ? One of the legs is messed up so the tray rocks back and forth . I guess that 's the workmanship you can expect for 10 $ .
 I bought this because I have a small cabinet space where I wanted to store it . When I purchased this -LRB- and at the time of this review -RRB- , the dimensions listed on Amazon 's description are 11 '' Height x 10.25 '' Width x 14.25 '' Depth . Based on that description , I would have more than 1 '' of wiggle room to fit this.Unfortunately , the product turned out to be larger than stated . The real dimensions -LRB- even stated on product packaging ! -RRB- are 115/8 '' Width x 133/4 '' Depth x 105/8 '' Height . Normally , I could forgive a person for mixing up the width , depth , or height . But when you ca n't even match up the numbers , that is unforgiveable.Needless to say , I have returned the product because it 's too large for my space . I made note of the error in my RMA , so hopefully they correct it . The product is probably great , but too bad I never got to really test it out .
 I really wanted to be happy with this product . It 's not terribly expensive , but it 's also not a complex product.The problem is that the unit I received had very misshapen trays . This means they do n't fit properly into the shelves of the frame and wobble around.It 's not as noticeable when they are full of papers but extremely so on a light load.The construction of this item is also cheaper than I expected . Rather than having pre-drilled threads when putting the frame together instead you screw into a plastic cap . I found this made it hard to construct the main frame straight , as well as being much harder work . I assume it would also make it hard to dismantle the item and reconstruct it .
 I really wish I just had the balance issue that others had . My issue is with one of the rods . It 's bent or the grooves for the screw to go in are n't straight and it wo n't allow a screw to go in more than a couple turns ... so of course I ca n't put any of the trays in as the sides are n't close enough to support them . What a shame , it was a really nice product . Will return for a new one and hope the second one does n't have the same issue .
 This product was really a big disappointment . When I opened the package , I found that the some paint on the metal has already fallen off . Worst , after I assembled the letter tray , I found out that it does n't stand properly on a flat surface . One of the legs stays in the air so the whole thing rocks . Although the material seemed pretty good , I was at large disappointed at the quality of this product . Do n't buy . You do n't want to go through the trouble of returning like me .
 My Parents bought this phone , it has horrible reception . Furthermore after about 2 months the CD player stopped working , and the display is impossble to read now . NOT WORTH IT !!
 The sound on the Radio and CD player was squeaky . I was not satisifed with this product and returned it for a refund .
 The phone screeches when you try to use it . I have to go find a different phone whenever I answer . I would love to return it but have not had the time to figure out the return policy . The radio and CD player as well as the alarm clock are OK but the phone stinks !
 Phone had very poor reception . I tried it in two or three different places in the house , but it never got any better.Sound clarity was not very good for speakers when playing radio or cd either .
 I bought this phone because there was so many features in it but the phone was really static . The directory feature was not very nice . If you just need a CD player and a clock then this is a good one but the phone is not very great .
 I returned our full order on these wrist pads because they were not gel-filled as listed , but memory foam filled . This is not what we wanted . Full credit was issued , so the company handled the return very well .
 I purchased this unit plus the additional microphones and it is a great unit with a good price . We have n't even used it but are returning it ! None of the literature on this site explains that it will work on a single phone line . We have analog lines so that was not an issue . However like any business , we have multiple lines . And , this unit can not work on a multi-line system . It worked fine when I hooked to our fax line . But NO dial tone when hooked to any other phone jack in our building .
 The condition of the unit was extremely poor . Missing Polycom logo . Very beat up .
 Paper is longer the 6in . Pain to cut . Quality is poor on a Canon 860i . Tried printing with Canon and Kodak software . Both very dull printouts . The Canon Photo Paper Pro prints 100x better .
 This stinks because I was sent this ad for this paper along with the information about my newly puchased easy share printer dock . Naturally I thought this paper was for that item . It is n't . Sooo , if you just bought a printer dock , do n't buy this . As a matter of fact , you might find you can not locate the paper you need here at all .
 I do n't know how Kodak makes this without clearly labelling their package 4 X 6.375 !! Because that 's what the paper is ! It is a bit longer than 6 inches ! But 1 -RRB- it does n't say that anywhere on the package , 2 -RRB- there is no perforation meaning you need to somehow cut this -LRB- a big hassle ! -RRB- . So if your printer needs the extra area , this may work for you . But with the new generation of borderless printers , this is a very misleading product .
 It is not worth using1 . It is not 4X62 . Print on this paper are dull3 . Paper pops up the ink from some places , making white spots on picutre.I started using the cannon photo pro papers and these are working well with my canon i860
 I 've purchased other stamps from the same manufacturer at Office Depot . The other stamps have these guards on the bottom which automatically move out of the way as you press down on the stamp . This makes for easy stamping and easy storage . Although I expected this stamp to be the same , it was not . Instead , this stamp has a guard which must be manually flipped to the side each time you want to use the stamp and manually flipped back when your stamping is completed . Maybe I did n't do a thorough enough job reading about the product to determine this but either way , I 'm not 100 % satisfied .
 I purchased this phone because it was on sale . I did not check the reviews and what a mistake . I can not even walk into a different room without losing reception . When I lean the phone on my ear it hangs up on the person I am speaking with . I work out of my basement and need a decent range and this is not the phone . This is a perfect example of cheaper is not better . Do n't buy this phone .
 from the manual : `` Only one handset at a time can talk with an outside caller . To allow the other handset to talk to the caller , transfer the call . `` Basically , if one person is already talking on HS1 and you want to use the second handset to join that conversation , it 's not possible . huge drawback for a multi-station phone , you can only TRANSFER the call , but you ca n't both be talking at the same time ... poor design.Range is decent on this unit .
 This is a decent looking phone , can hold a charge well , and is easy to use . The terrible range makes is un-usable for me . I can even walk into the next room with out getting terrible static . If I go more that 20 feet from the base , I lose my call . I think it 's going back ...
 We bought this phone primarily to use along with our Magicjack . We 're not overwhelmed . The phone has a very short battery life . One of the phone holds a charge for less than an hour . We 've debated whether to return the phone , because it really was inexpensive . In the end , we did return the phone . Although less than $ 30.00 it just was n't worth having around . It was literally a piece of junk and we 're not the type to hoard junk . We ended up going to Best Buy and paying over twice as much for a Phillips brand phone , but it was worth it in the end . Do n't be tempted by the low price , it 's still cheap junk .
 I bought this phone because I 've had a Uniden TRU8860 for the past 4 years and have been very pleased , but they 're so old I wanted to replace them . I did n't even think of reading reviews becuase of being so pleased with the last Uniden phones . I wish I would have . These phones are so cheap . I start getting static in the very next room . My other phones would reach all over the yard outside . Also the fact that you ca n't have 2 people on the line at the same time is a huge pain . I 'm so mad that I wasted my money . I guess I 'll be shopping -LRB- and reading reviews -RRB- for a new phone .
 This phone has a very short range -LRB- not more than 25 feet before static become annoying -RRB- . Static also appears when you 're just moving around with the phone . I also think it 's one of the ugliest gadgets I 've ever seen but that 's , of course , just a matter of taste . Do n't buy .
 Uniden Dxi5686-2 5.8 Ghz Dual Handset Extended Range Cordless Phone System With Call Waiting Caller IdThis phone is set up so that when you put it to your ear , your cheek hits the off button on the phone . The phone also has a very short range for a 5.8 ghz unit , I have 6 other 5.8 ghz phones and they work all over my yard . These 2 phones only have a range of less than 50 feet . If I had known this I would not have bought them , as they are almost useless when you step outside the door .
 I recently `` upgraded '' from a 2.8 gig set to this 5.8 ghz set . I thought it would be less interference because of my wireless router which operates at 2.8 gighz . Well these two phones are the worst wireless phones I 've ever used . I 've lost count how many times someone will call only to get my answering machine because my handset ca n't find the base ! I can be 5 inches from the base and the handset still ca n't find it . It does this randomly ... also everyone complains that they ca n't hear me very well or there is a lot of static . I never had these complains with my old phone.I do n't think I 'll ever buy uniden phones again .
 I was kinda ticked when I unpacked this item , tested it and found an extra digit tacked onto the end of my phone number ! I went to the email I sent them to make sure I did n't make a typo , and my info was in order . Somehow they put an extra number after my 10-digit phone number . Knowing it would be a hassle to return , etc. . . I simply got out my exacto knife and chopped it off ! Now at least I can use it , but the phone number will always be off-center by one digit ! 2 stars for the lack of attention to detail and poor quality control .
 I did not realize until I receive it , it is so small , especially for bigger envelope . It is otherwise ok .
 I am not happy with this . I sent them my address info but when I got the stamp the print size was super small , like way too small . And it 's silly because there is a lot more room on the stamp to have made the print larger . I think this was someone just not taking the time to maximize the space on the stamp with the font .
 I was in need of some larger mailers and searched amazon and found these . The reviews were all good and the pictures showed an Eco-Lite mailer with a seam on 3 sides . That is NOT what I received . I received the cheaper Overseas made mailers with only seams on 2 sides and the padding does not appears as good as the reviews . I tried emailing the customers service email address on the card that came in the box and the reply was rather condescending , almost rude . I was told these were the premium mailers approved by all the mail services and I got received the best mailer available . The reply went on to insinuate I did n't know a mailer from a hole in the ground . Maybe I am not an expert on mailers , But I DO Expect to get What I order and what is displayed in their add . I also would like an email that address the concerns without the put down . This appears to be a Bait and Switch operation on my shipment . Maybe they are approved by Canada 's mail system , but I am mailing in the USA . I ordered on the faith of the add and the photos shown . I did n't get either.So Buyer Be ware with this vendor . See the photo I added of the mailer I received
 This chair is extremely uncomfortable , I should know I have to sit in it all day at work . The arms can not be lowered sufficiently to be out of the way of the desk . Also it takes forever to tighten the arms at which point if you tighten the wrong way , it slips down . I have tried 2 different chairs and both seem to be lopsided where I feel as if I am leaning in my chair which can not be good for your back . Many people at work have the same complaints and many of us reallllly want new chairs . Save your money or buy a real executive chair .
 This thing is over priced crap . Do n't buy it . Look for a better product . Just do n't buy it . It was warped right out the box .
 I 've had this copier for about 7 years . I do n't like it . It wastes paper because the copies are soooooooo light , I ca n't make them out at all . I 've bought replacement toner -LRB- not cheap !!! -RRB- and have the dial set all the way to the dark and it does n't help .
 I was very happy to get 2 cordless units so cheap but now I am thinking to throw away this set . I am not able to use it due to persistent static noise even after manually changing channels multiple time during call . So every time I have to get back to my old cordless without number display . I use this phone for checking caller id .
 I was happy with this phone at first . The reception was a little fuzzy but I could live with it for such a cheap price . But one day the phone rang and I could n't answer it . I could n't get a dial tone either . I called the Uniden customer service and they said I needed to replace the battery pack . It seemed a little fishy to me that the battery packs on both handsets would go bad at the same time . It was n't worth it to me so I returned it .
 I 've had this phone for over 6 months now . This phone is great if you like the sound of static . Even the answering system is hard to understand due to static -LRB- which is odd , is n't it -RRB- . Yay , I 'm shopping for a new # @ # $ % # ? * phone !
 The phone arrived in about 5 days and was new as stated -LRB- it is an old phone model from @ 2003 -RRB- . The original system came with 4 handsets . I bought it to replace 1 which was lost , and 2 which have deteriorated in sound -LRB- hearing -RRB- quality recently . The original system worked great for about 7 years . Unfortunately , it did not work with my system which is the one listed , the Vtech v2656 . And , because the model is so old , they discontinued support for it on the VTech website . If it was compatible , as stated , I would have rated it a 5 .
 This did not work on our phone system even though it stated it would . This system is no longer supported by the manufacturer .
 This phone came with 2 handsets that did ` nt work . The one that works is fine , however 2 did ` nt work at all . Lousy product .
 Even though the box clearly states that this 2.4 Ghz phone is `` 802.11 Friendly '' , I seem to get interface on this phone anywhere in my home . This is the first 2.4 Ghz phone that I 've had this problem with . There is no option to switch channels -LRB- DSS -RRB- . There is a constant buzz on the line.Another absolutely irritating thing is that fact that the dialpad is soo slow and will often miss a number when you dial it in .
 I was really pleased with the base/speaker phone when I purchased the original unit . Usually people can not tell when I am on the handset or the base speakerphone because of the excellent sound quality . But the reason we purchased this unit was to be able to add additional handsets . The sound quality from the second handset is extremely poor . Moreover , sometimes when both handsets are in use that seems to cause both handsets to lose contact with the base and the call is lost.I do n't want any special features on my phone , other than multiple handsets . This phone seems to have a lot of neat futures . If I had designed this , however , I would have dropped some of the features and designed a system which allows the person with whom you are talking to actually understand what you are saying . Maybe you need to buy a more expensive model to get that particular feature .
 I got it for my home office because I really needed a dual-keypad speakerphone . The instructions warn not to put it near electronic equipment and they were n't kidding ! First of all , very few real perks to this phone . I like performing all my options from the base , and this simply is n't the phone for that . To use the speed dial , you HAVE TO use the handset speakerphone , which is horribly low in volume -LRB- and static-y next to my computer -RRB- . The base speakerphone is not a whole lot better when it comes to clarity of sound . All things considered , I guess it 's worth the $ 70 , but I 'm giving it to my teenager because she REALLY wants a speakerphone and wo n't know the difference . Boo-hiss for this one .
 I had the phone for 2 weeks and it quit charging . I had to send the phone back to the manufacturer .
 But then after about 3 months , the expandable handset stopped charging properly and the charge light did n't come on . I thought maybe I just got a bad phone , so I took it back to the store and exchanged . Would n't you know , the next one did the same thing.There is also a constant low buzzing on the line , which I 've never had on my other phones . Also , when you place a number in memory , it only saves to that particular handset , not to any others . My dad 's 5.8 GHz Vtech saves the memory numbers to all the expandable handsets.If I had to do it again , I would not have bought this phone .
 Third time is the charm . I have had 3 different models of VTech phones and all of them have died within a year - year and a half of purchase . I refuse to try replacing the battery as past experience has taught me this will not work . The first one was the ` expensive ' model and I decreased from there so , regardless of the cost VTech is just garbage as far as I am concerned . Seems like modern technology is more about repeat purchase than good quality !
 This is the most aweful phone i ever purchased . i purchased it for 20 $ thinking it was cheap with all the caller-id and speaker phone facilities . Do n't waste your money on this . There are other Vtech phones which you can get below 10 $ and are still far better than this hi-fi model . Looks great but ... works worst!You can actually spend the same amount of money to get a nice panasonic reliable phone.THIS PHONE 'S HEAD SET STOPPED WORKING IN 3 MONTHS ... Keep away from it !
 I have always liked the VTech phones for the clarity they had in my house . We had an older Panasonic cordless with an answering machine that has always had the shortest battery life , but when it finally got down to about 10 minutes of use , we had to get another one . We brought this one home , plugged it in , and it seemed like everything would be great , until I made a call . I could NOT hear the person on the other end at all , and I had the sound turned all the way up . I switched to another phone in the house and the call was clear . I had had problems hearing them before , so when the phone rang still plugged in , I answered , it was another person , and I could not hear them either . I 'm not sure why people said the ringer was n't so great , I could hear it loud and clear -LRB- and shocking because I 'd never heard it before -RRB- . Now we have to take it back and try to find something that will work . We never even got to try out the answering machine .
 I have no clue what they were thinking with this one , but it 's really bad . The base has a ringer that you can turn off if you need to . If you do n't , you ca n't hear the phone ringing . If you have kids , hide this from them up high . If it happens to fall in a couch , you wo n't hear the ringing or the page to find it . The battery dies very quickly . I 've had mine for a few months , and the battery life is dreadful . It 's dead in less than an hour off of the charger without talktime . I could replace the battery , but would rather replace the whole phone for all of the flaws instead .
 This phone has lots of & quot ; noise & quot ; and the answering system it bad . Generally not easy to set up .
 The quality of this phone was horrible ! I do n't know if it was just the one phone I picked up , but there was INCREDIBLE interference for the answering party if I strayed more than eight feet from the base set . If I went into another room in the house , the static got worse . The strange thing is , the caller ca n't hear the static , but the person on the other end hears tons of static . At first I thought it was the location where I had the base set , so I tried plugging the phone into three different locations in the house and still had the same problem . I even tried it in a friend 's apartment and had the same problem . Good thing I saved the receipt .
 I 'm glad I am not crazy - I see that others have had the same problem we have had with this phone - I can not hear the person speaking . I usually have to switch to one of our AT&T ; handsets to complete a conversation . Forget about anyone on a headset . In addition , for some reason this phone intefers with our wireless router more than the other 2.4 g phones we have - had to turn it off to get wireless back.We did not use the answering machine because we already have one on the AT&T 2255 ; , but what would it matter if you can not hear the person speaking ? Maybe the answerer is better - but my mom needed a new cordless answerer , and I would n't even give her this one because I would have felt bad for dumping it on her .
 This is the worst cordless phone I have ever had ! I ca n't hear anyone that I 'm talking to .
 Yes this phone has all the bells and whistles of a great phone but what good does a phone do you if you ca n't hear the person your calling or is calling you ! Regardless of which channel I switched to , the volume -LRB- not a static issue -RRB- actually got worse . I was very disapointed because I always have liked V-Tech phones I have gotten in the past but this is not one I would recommend !
 This has one of the worst answering machine voice qualities I 've heard for awhile . It 's weird that after all these years of digital answering machines , most companies still ca n't produce a decent quality one.Also , the phone silver lining scratches easily , and the directory interface is just as bad as other vtechs . NOT recommended for anything other than looks .
 this phone looks great in design , the answering machine is perfect with its three vm boxes , but there 's just one major problem ... NO ONE CAN HEAR YOU & YOU HAVE TO SAY THINGS 5x BEFORE THEY DO !!! i sincerely wanted to love this phone , b/c the style and design are totally me . my entire office is silver and black , from my computers , to printers , to desk , etc.in addition , i have , and run , three businesses that share the same central incoming phone and fax lines , so i really need the 3 vm boxes that this unit offers . the answering machine works perfectly , as well as the base unit itself , however , the handset itself feels like a hollow , empty , kids toy , that does n't really have any components inside of it-it feels and operates cheap -LSB- it even dials as slow as pulse does , with a delay after pressing the buttons -RSB- . as stated before in all caps , you can hear them fine , but they ca n't hear you at all . you have to speak very loud and repeat yourself over and over and over again ... . i also tried three different handsets with this unit as well , and the problem still remained.i had this unit for three days and returned it . i replaced it with the motorola ma362 , which does n't have three vm boxes , but it does offer everything else the vtech did , plus backlit keypad , and the look and feel of a real ` land-line ' phone . the best part of all , i can hear them , and above all , they can hear me , and very very well !! before i buy anything , i usually do about 3-6 mos of comparitive research with other products , reviews , and i only buy good name brand products , and always the best they offer for my needs . so , my advice is to NOT buy this unit , but to buy the motorola instead . the price point is the same , around or just under $ 40 , and aside from the 3 vm boxes , the motorola is much more bang for your buck ! i love and have owned other vtech phones , but i cannnot recommend this one . big thumbs down until they improve the handset feel , operation , and volume !
 I have been looking for a decent cordless with answering system for my home office . The instructions for volume control on the handset are n't very clear , so after messing around with a headset and so on I finally figured it out . The volume on the handset can be adjusted only when the phone is on with the arrow keys . I had the phone for over a week and was ready to return it before I had figured this out . The Answering system is easy to use , and remote access is a breeze .
 I have been looking for a decent cordless with answering system for my home office . The handset volume is abysmal , I have to turn everything in the house off and the fan on my notebook is louder than the person I am speaking with on the phone . The Answering system is easy to use , and remote access is a breeze . Too bad I do n't have super human hearing , but then , if I could spend the money on that I probably should have bought a more expensive telephone .
 I bought this phone on February 21 , 2004 . I thought it looked nice and sophisticated and for the price it could n't be beat . It is now August 3 , 2004 and it died . I called the company to see if they could tell me the problem but they told me it died but they will replace it if I send it back with proof of purchase and I will receive a new phone within 7-14 days of them receiving my phone and figuring out what if anything is wrong with it . So , I am now out of phone for about 3 weeks or I could never buy V-tech ever again and purchase a new one . Oh , and the reception once I went to the backyard was crappy . Do n't buy it and do your self a favor spend a little more money for quality . I gave this product 1 star because that was the lowest rating I could give it deserves a -1
 I am not hard of hearing , but I can not seem to hear well on this phone . I have two handsets and they 're both the same . I can hear my voice echo back at me like I 'm in a well and it 's very distracting . In addition , the base handset will receive calls , but I ca n't get a dial tone to dial out . We 've only had the phones for a few months , and I 'm really disappointed . I 'm online in search of a better phone .
 I am also getting an echo.Not everytime but enough that its bothering me.I will most likely return this phone.To bad because its simplicity is great .
 After a weeks ownership , here is my take on the VTech V2656.The VTech offers a lot of features for the money and the easy to use volume control is a plus , but the answering system , when contacted remotely from another phone only functions correctly half the time and battery life off the base is terribly short , on mine maybe 15 hours . I suggest you look elsewhere .
 I just ignored perivous reviews about the echo and battery problem ... But think what they were all right ... Same issue with me
 Do n't even think of buying this . I have been using -LRB- or try using -RRB- it for sometime now . After several hours of charging the battery would die with in 10 - 15 minutes of talking . . bad choice ...
 I bought this phone a week ago , and I 'll be returning it tomorrow . While the design is nice , the sound quality just is n't good enough . We do n't have a microwave or wireless network in the house , we 're out in the middle of the woods , so we 're not getting interference from neighbor 's phones , and the base station was consciously placed away from other electronics , so I expected a very clear voice on the other end of the phone . Unfortunately , this was asking too much ; there was way too much hiss on the line , even when only a few feet from the base station.On several occasions , I would hear my voice echo while talking to other people . The speakerphone feature worked pretty well , but the speaker volume seemed to fluctuate . Without speakerphone , I found the volume to be far too quiet .
 I 'm sure the adhesive is fine , but I rate this low for the total purchase experience . Be aware that when the shipping note says that the adhesive can not be sent with other items IT INCLUDES OTHER TUBES OF THE SAME ADHESIVE . I ordered 24 tubes , and it was sent in 24 separate large boxes -LRB- each maybe large enough for 10 tubes of caulk -RRB- , and , since they were not packed supported by surrounding tubes , most were partially damaged and several were damaged so as to be unusable.And now I have to dispose of 24 additional boxes .
 The photos are beautiful , the designs are just wonderful ... but if you have kids this is not real life . This is a magazine lifestyle . You could only do this if you had an unlimited budget , there are no true solutions for real families with real children and real budgets . Sure my home could be organized if I had an open checkbook and could have such fabulous built-ins , and all the baskets I could buy ! Stick with the real simple magazine and leave the book for the coffee table .
 This book is terrible . Save your money . There are no new or interesting organizational ideas in this book . If you have a lick of common sense , you do n't need it !!!!!
 The magazine has more detailed information about how to implement great ideas . I bought the book because I love the magazine , but the only thing better about the book is that it does n't have ads . Although , one could say that the resource section in the back is one big ad , and even it does n't correspond the company with the tips in the book . There is also no index.Spend the money , you would have spent on the book on getting and/or renewing your subscription to the magazine , it 's superb . The book is only mediocre at best .
 As in the magazine , the photographs are gorgeous . Actually , I recognize some of the photos from past magazines , so maybe if you 've had a Real Simple subscription for a while you might not even get anything out of the visuals . As for information , it 's pretty worthless . There is hardly any text at all , as you would see if you could flip through the book . Some of the pictures are of interesting organizing solutions , but many of the photos do n't even have captions , so an interesting way to store jewelry , for example , is shown to you but not explained . It would make a nice coffeetable book , but do n't buy this if you are actually looking for some serious information .
 When it starts , there is a water stream inside that makes fish floating like mad in circles - nothing similar to the real life . The light is on and there is a sound -LRB- some may call it unpleasant but it would be more fair to say `` bearly noticable like a dentist 's machine 3 doors away '' :-RRB- -RRB- . On a positive side , it works .
 I bought 2 for my boss ' office . One was good - another was poorly made ! Hence your chance of being a happy customer or an angry customer is 50-50 ! This is a typical example of this type of product being made in a half-automated factory made mostly by hand . The one with a poor quality -LRB- pictures are uploaded -RRB- had slots that were uneven in depth , the sleeves were cut in slightly different sizes , so some shelves wobbled while some were too tight to even remove as if glued on . One corner did n't align which makes this particular one too embarassing to be used in anybody 's office . Probably made by someone on his/her first day on the job . The better quality one , on the other hand , was probably made by someone who had been making this a long time - very consistent through out . I would have given 5 stars had I received 2 of the good ones . I would have given no stars had I received 2 of the poor quality ones .
 Was very excited to open the box today when it arrived . The color is great ; however , I was immediately disappointed that a $ 47 organizer would have such thin , cheap shelves . Ultimately , I had to return it , because the joints were not totally secure or aligned . The light interior of wood looked awful when exposed due to the poor carpentry .
 I bought 2 for my boss ' office . One was good - another was poorly made ! Hence your chance of being a happy customer or an angry customer is 50-50 ! This is a typical example of this type of product being made in a half-automated factory made mostly by hand . The one with a poor quality -LRB- pictures are uploaded -RRB- had slots that were uneven in depth , the sleeves were cut in slightly different sizes , so some shelves wobbled while some were too tight to even remove as if glued on . One corner did n't align which makes this particular one too embarassing to be used in anybody 's office . Probably made by someone on his/her first day on the job . The better quality one , on the other hand , was probably made by someone who had been making this a long time - very consistent through out . I would have given 5 stars had I received 2 of the good ones . I would have given no stars had I received 2 of the poor quality ones .
 Was very excited to open the box today when it arrived . The color is great ; however , I was immediately disappointed that a $ 47 organizer would have such thin , cheap shelves . Ultimately , I had to return it , because the joints were not totally secure or aligned . The light interior of wood looked awful when exposed due to the poor carpentry .
 This dealer will not ship to Alaska , so I could not buy the item -LRB- since I live in Alaska -RRB- .
 The product shown in the picture is NOTHING like the product they delivered to me . This whole site is a sham ! I will never again purchase anything through AMAZON ... all they did was steal my money !
 I was very disappointed in this product . The print is tiny and very pale grey on cream pages . I find it impossible to read except in very strong light . That would n't be much help in London ! I would certainly not be taking this item with me . I emailed the manufacturer several weeks ago and have not heard back .
 These books are a good idea for the repeat visitor to a city -- basically just a place for notes in the lovely -LRB- I think -RRB- Moleskine format . The maps , though , can be found better and cheaper on other places . MORE IMPORTANT , this seller has claimed a falsely inflated list price and consequent discount that is misleading . The list price for these books is 17.95 . Check in any book store . Shame on the seller .
 These books are a good idea for the repeat visitor to a city -- basically just a place for notes in the lovely -LRB- I think -RRB- Moleskine format . The maps , though , can be found better and cheaper on other places . MORE IMPORTANT , this seller has claimed a falsely inflated list price and consequent discount that is misleading . The list price for these books is 17.95 . Check in any book store . Shame on the seller .
 I ordered two of these and did n't get around to assembling them until after the return window expired ... One went together with minimal problems . The other one could not be assembled ... The legs attach to the body by wing nuts that are supposed to screw onto bolts which are mounted permanently on the body . The wing nuts are of visibly low quality manufacture ; the wholes are not centered and are not straight relative to the plane of the nut . On the one that worked it was difficult to screw them on but once I got them aligned `` properly '' by setting them up off center and not parallel to the surface they attached . The second stand could not be made to work . I might try going to home depot to see if I can find bolts that work . A wing nut is a pretty low tech device and should be a good `` no tools '' solution but in this case it went very wrong ...
 Product came broken with one screw loose/unsecured so that pedestal/leg would not attach firmly . Better quality control would have caught this flaw .
 I ORDERED A ACCORDIAN FOLDER AND WAS SENT CALCULATOR PAPER ROLLS . I NEED AN ACCORDIAN FOLDER SOON . PLEASE CORRECT THIS .
 I already had a voip provider -LRB- NOT VONAGE -RRB- and I only pay $ 10/mo . I do n't want to change providers . I had voip phones and they were ruined when my house was flooded . So I did a search for voip phones and I came across this model . I did n't see that I had to use a specific voip provider . I wanted a voip phone , not a voip phone and a provider . And the packet8 company that this phone uses , is significantly more expensive than the company I use ... itp4you.com . Very disappointed .
 I purchased one of these online from Ice Monkey dot com but it was the generic version not the dedicated Packet8 version . However , I ended up sending it back because it would not work at all . I tried it with 2 Qwest DSL modems , an Actiontec GT704-WG on an ADSL network and with an Actiontec Q1000 on a 20Mb VDSL network . The problem was the phone 's Ethernet port would not connect with either of the DSL modems , the light for the port would not come on , it was n't recognized and it would n't do anything . If the device is not recognized as being connected to one of the Ethernet ports there is nothing else you can do and it 's dead in the water . I found that I could connect an Aastra VOIP phone or a SunRocket VOIP adapter made by InnoMedia in place of this phone and they both worked perfectly so I know there was nothing wrong at my end . I 'm going to go with the InnoMedia VOIP adapter and a standard Uniden cordless phone .
 I can not really rate this product because what I thought I was ordering was for Vonage and not for Packet 8 service.I was rather peaved at Amazon because when I did a Google search for the model I thought I wanted , the UIP1868V and saw a link with a good price on the Amazon site , the UIP1868P came up . I did not realize that the phone also had a Packet 8 version because I did not know there was such a service.The phone was shipped by Tiger Direct and to their credit , the took the phone back and gave me a full refund .
 When I bought the phone , I had reviewed so many others and did n't realize that you need a special phone service in order for the phone to work . I had to return the phone to the company , paid $ 24.00 for shipping -LRB- both ways -RRB- and had to pay a 20 % restocking fee . So , I waisted about $ 40 + for nothing.I ca n't rate the phone itself b/c I never used it .
 The unit right out of the box could not be used . The alignment of lower case letters was completely off . The unit is very CHEAPLY made in China . The action is beyond terrible . No one that can actually type could use this even if it was able to print correctly !!!! This went back the same day it arrived .
 This is a cheap , poor excuse for a typewriter , manual or not . Not like the machines made years ago . Made of plastic and cheap metal , letters not aligned , skips , etc. . Do n't waste your money .
 In parts of the world where electricity is not available or where it is subject to frequent disruptions , this typewriter could prove useful if you wanted something brand new . Do not expect this to be the Olivitti portable typewriter you may have had many decades ago when portable manual typewriters were in common use.This model is a modern day '' adaptation '' of a model made many years ago . For the price you can not expect too much in the way of precision and durability considering there is a lot of hand labor that goes into assembling a mechanical typewriter . This is manufactured in China and built as a low budget item.On the one I purchased -LRB- presumable brand new and not a returned one that was repacked -RRB- , different key pressure is required for half way different print quality on different keys . The ribbon supplied with this typewriter did not have '' actuators '' -LRB- rivets -RRB- at each end of the ribbon to activate the ribbon rewind mechanism . The carriage return spring is wound so tightly -LRB- probably due to the power space function -RRB- it requires a lot of force on the carriage return lever which in turn can make the position of the entire typewriter change on your desk or table top . The printed characters are not evenly spaced and the printed text is not as even as it could be with a more precision typewriter.I have only been using this typewriter in a light duty capacity such as addressing envelopes and typing up some short letters and notes . I would have difficulty using this in a full time capacity.Far from what many would be inclined to think that this may be the same typewriter from years ago , that it is not . It does work but dont expect perfection.I would suggest that if you want something closer to '' the real thing '' check out tag sales and flea markets etc. . You might get something older but better and closer to the real thing if you are looking for something for only occasional use or for nostalgic reasons.I have seen this typewriter marketed under various brand names and I think the fact that it is being marketed here under the name '' Olivetti '' is nothing more than the glued on faceplate the front of the plastic housing .
 Item arrived with several parts not connected . I was able to fix the shift for capital letters , but still do no have the margin release working . In addition , the the typewriter often skips spaces within words . I wanted a typewriter that was not dependant upon the power grid , but I ca n't recommend this machine to anyone .
 How I wish I had bothered to read all the negative reviews of this product before wasting good money on it . Years ago , I purchased an Olivetti that was made in Mexico , and solidly built . For an inexpensive typewriter , it held up fine for many years . But the company , who I shall not name , switched to a presumably cheaper model , the one under discussion here.I was expecting an inexpensive but reasonably good machine , and received a piece of junk . It 's mostly plastic , made in China , and is so frustrating to use that I have ordered a 1953 Royal from a company that sells vintage machines , in the hope that this '' antique '' as old as I am will perform as a real typewriter ought to , even after all these years.I was amazed to read the letters friom frustrated buyers , and find that so many others have had the identical experience I did with this preposterous bad joke of a typewriter . I will keep it as an emergency backup if no other typewriter is available , but it will not be getting much use.I am going to presume good faith on the part of the companies that sell this dismal machine , and hope that they truly do n't know how poor it is , and are not deliberately unloading crummy typewriters on the public , since it hardly helps any retailer 's image to get a reputation for selling junk.Misery loves company . My condolences to all others who have wasted their money and time on this bogus product . The makers of the original Olivetti must be turning over in their graves .
 i purchase this product and it does n't type very well . Some letters does n't even work . I 've tried to return the product and email the companies several time and no reply . So much for guarantees . Do not buy this product !!!
 I received my `` NEW '' typewriter in an unusable condition . It was not packed securely and arrived severely damaged . The space bar was broken off and key arms bent . Several other key arms bent , shift key , tab , comma , period , c , d. I did not return the typewriter due to the shipping cost factors . By the time I paid all the shipping costs they added up to more than what the original purchase price was for the typewriter . I had ordered it for school since my printer was n't working and it was a good price on the typewriter . What a waste of money that I did n't have . Do n't buy .
 Cheap , Cheap , Cheap , Not even a good toy for my 10 year old grand daughter .
 Back in high school I had to type my papers with manual typewriters and they all worked great . This one , however , has been the worst of all the typewriters I have ever used . It is cheaply made , the ribbon moves all the time , the keys get all tangled , etc. , etc. . PLEASE , DO NOT BUY THIS TYPEWRITER unless you want to throw you money away !
 The item shown and described was white , what I received was black , and i had received no option or explanation .
 I had to throw the product away . It is difficult at best to operate . I had a Royal typewriter in college . This one was useless . My wife is disabled and it requires so much finger pressure to operate the keys that she was unable to type anything . Also the letter registration is so poor that there are fuzzy lines around each letter no matter how hard or softly you press the keys . I wish I had known in advance that the new version of the Royal manual typewriter is a toy and not a real typewriter .
 At home this would have been an excellent sharpener . My ninth graders destroyed this sharpener after a couple of months . First the plastic barrel broke . I used duct tape . Then the suction started to release , they move it all the time and pull on it to test it . Finally the sharpener itself stopped sharpening some pencils . I 'm looking for an all metal manual sharpener now .
 I had this for a very short time and it quit working one day . Would not waste money on another .
 In short , do not buy this product.This is an answering machine that does n't live up to it 's name . I 've seen it `` pretend '' to record numerous phone calls , then as soon as the caller hangs up , no message is there . More than half the time it will cut a caller off in mid-sentence , deciding the call is over after a random amount of time -LRB- despite being set to 4 minutes of recording time -RRB- . This product is extremely unreliable.Fie upon GE for producing -LRB- or at least putting their name on -RRB- such a shoddy product . After decades of answering machine manufacturing , GE produces this cheap unreliable half-functional machine ? Unbelievable and unfortunate . And let 's not even bother to discuss the muffled tin-can sounds this thing tries to pass off as voice recordings . Poor quality and low marks all around.Try increasing the price and quality and make something that actually works reliably and produces sounds that one could recognize as human speech before slapping a `` GE '' label on it next time.To reiterate
 The answering system on the unit I purchased is acceptable . The audio quality of the cordless handset is disappointing
 Neither the base unit nor the cordless phone were satisfactory in terms of sound quality . The answering machine was often unintelligible . I would take note of the fact that Amazon 's current price is approximately 50 % of the list . I like bargains , but in this case I suspect it is a matter of not being able to sell the stock on hand -- for a good reason .
 There are 2 standout issues regarding this phone :1 . No mute button on the cordless handset . There is a mute on the base , but it seems like a grave omission not to have mute on the other handset .2 . When you insert or remove a headset into the headset jack , it makes a horrible screeching noise on the other end.If you need a phone for telecommuting , look elsewhere .
 I wanted a combo speaker phone and answering machine , so this one looked great . Overall it is OK , but let me point out the items not so great : - No battery backup , so the clock has to be set again if you have a power outage . - The cordless handset is very much full of static , even close to the base , and even if you try to change channels . - When you do loose power , the unit does not dial in touch-tone - it uses pulse ! - The caller ID history use useless since you ca n't append a 1 for long distance calls.The LCD display should show more answering machine features , instead it is just caller ID and directory numbers.On the plus side , for the number of features , the price is right , and it has been reliable so far .
 This is not a 12 pack it is a 2 pack . When you get the two boards the company will simply tell you they are listed wrong in amazon and you can return them . Major rip off .
 This is a piece of crap - cheaply made and unreliable . I bought one and it did n't work properly and had to return it . It says it is supposed to work up to 100 feet - well the best I could get it to do with FRESH batteries was a quarter of an inch . Any further apart and it would n't work.And there 's an error about the batteries - the receiver requires two `` AA '' batteries , but the receiver requires a 23A 12V battery , NOT `` AAA '' batteries.Don ' t waste your time on this piece of crap . A better use for your money would be the Emergency Phone Dialer from Radio Shack .
 Ok ... so I am a visual guy and I assumed what the picture shows is what I am getting ... they are showing 2 tapes , and I received one . -LRB- Many of the other competitors had 2-packs -RRB- So after being disappointed when the `` tape '' arrived I looked on the details description and it shows as one item , I was very very very annoyed to say the least . So be aware ... THEY ONLY SHIP ONE PIECE NOT TWO !
 I bought a new Brother cassette daisy wheel number 411 Brougham . With very light usage , the letter `` u '' partially broke off . I am going to look for a used daisy wheel . New ones are too expensive and mine did not last long .
 The original daisy wheel lasted nearly 8 years in light office use -LRB- typing a few labels and envelopes from time to time -RRB- . The last 2 daisy wheels I purchased lasted less than a year each -- but what other options do you have , short of buying a different -LRB- brand -RRB- typewriter ?
 My mother uses her Brother typewriter to write letters - no email for her . The last one of these developed broken letters after 3 months and the previous one did n't last much longer . Definitely not a quality product now that there is n't any competition or much demand .
 can not put it in typewriter correctly . the typewriter itself is terrible . i have not returned it because it is too heavy for me to handle3
 This phone came as a refurbished white phone when I ordered a NEW BLACK phone . It came just thrown together in a brown shipping box ! Very very disappointed ! this is supposed to be a christmas gift , now it is too late to replace it . PLEASE make sure you know what you are getting from this buyer before you purchase it !
 Ordered from Chumbadeals for a Christmas present on 7 Dec when it was labeled as `` in stock ships immediately . '' On 19 Dec. amazon.com let me know that the order had not even been confirmed by the vendor and that I should contact the company directly . I did . This was their reply : `` Dear Valued Customer , Thank you for your order.Due to the volume of orders during this time of year , we are sold out of this item . We are unaware when this item will be in stock again . Therefore we have cancelled your order.We apologize for the inconvenience this has caused.Customer ServiceChumbadeals.com `` If it was n't for amazon 's follow-through , I would not have known and I seriously doubt the vendor would have notified me . So kudos to amazon and a big thumbs down to Chumbadeals .
 I will return it . I can not understand the speaking caller id .
 This product was the poorest product I have received from Panasonic . Nothing but static , no matter what I did . Voices from the receiving end sounded as if they were very far away .
 Ok , its a descent phone , but way to expensive for a descent phone . That there are 2 phones does not make it better . Someone calls , you pick it up with phone 1 . You talk . You look at phone 2 and it says you missed the call . BAD . The ringer is BAD . Very high pitched . No silent feature and is always loud . The intercom is bad for paging the phone and is very complex to use . The reception is good . Confer level is fine.NO CLIP . THEY SELL THE CLIP SEPARATELY . wow . lame . Still interferes with wifi , even though it is 5.8 G Answering system is not good . And there is no way to transfer the call to the answering system while on the phone . Get it if you want , 40 bucks per phone is not bad . But do n't think that it is amazing with all the features . Its ' not .
 I purchased my new Panasonic phone when I had just arrived in Sacramento . From the start the phone was faulty in that I would just fade-out for 2 to 4 seconds at a time . I could not tell when this was happening , but it was a frequent complaint from people I called.My problem was that I did not identify the phone as the problem right away . It was a new phone and I did not suspect it . After a number of calls to the phone company , I replaced the new phone with my old phone and the problem disappeared.Because this whole process above took place over a month , when I returned to the store where I purchased the phone , they smiled , and told me that I had to deal directly with Panasonic.Dealing with Panasonic did not improve the situation . In fact it permanently turned me off this company.At my expense I had to mail my brand new phone to a `` repair location '' in Texas . About a month later I received back a refurbished phone . It was obviously not a new phone , but an old one . So I paid brand new prices for a second hand phone . I consider this to be fraud . If I purchase something new , I expect it to be new . If one purchases a brand new car , the dealer does not have the option of `` swapping it out '' for a second hand car if you bring it in for repairs.My complaints to the company were met with total indifference . Their company policies were unacceptable to me , and my complaints were ignored.My opinion is that this company does not deserve customers.So if you are interested in any Panasonic product , I recommend you find another brand . Or at the very least find out what their policies are if your purchase needs to be repaired.I found out the hard way .
 I have one of those since a year ago . First time I noticed is that the volume is so low . After a lot of ` can you speak louder ??? ' what I have to do is to use the speakerphone all the time . Another issue I have with this phone is the answering machine . Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . After not getting messages for a week , I have to unplug and plug it in again and it works . . at least for a couple of weeks . Still , I was thinking It was n't so bad , but then , about 4 weeks ago , one of the handsets is not working any more , so I have to get a new phone and this time , it ; s not going to be Panasonic .
 I ordered expecting a NEW Panasonic KX-TG632M from Globazar as it was stated as `` NEW '' on the Amazon link . However , they sent me a refurbished model ! Read the fine print under Globazar and they state they sell new and REFURBISHED goods . I was quite disappointed and asked whether I can return my merchandise . They still have not responded to my email after 5 days .
 Normally I really like Panasonic phones , -LRB- especially after a horrible experience with V Tech -RRB- but this one has a lot of problems.First off , if you are like myself and use Vonage or another VOIP service and do n't want or need the built in answering machine , the light up indicator will not work.Secondly , call quality through the headset jack leaves much to be desired and finally : No light up keypad , this one is on it 's way back
 Do not buy ! This telephone has simply been awful . Volume at highest level is still way to low to carry on a normal conversation with anyone . Both parties have to yell in order for a conversation to take place . This phone by far is the worst phone I have ever owned . If I were Panasonic I would be extremely ashamed of this product .
 the keys were to close together and there was no speaker on the base . i returned it .
 I have n't seen this reported yet ... I use a headset 99 % of the time with the KX-TG5632 so this problem is critical for those of you using headsets . The problem is a very loud click when the handset activates or deactivates its power saving mode , e.g. when you first press the Talk button or when it goes quiescent after about 10 seconds of non-use . It happens on both my handsets . It does n't happen on my KX-TG5432 . It 's annoying enough that I will have to look for another phone , perhaps an older KX-TG5432 if I can find one .
 I purchased a Panasonic KX-TGAS510M two years and after a year , one of the handsets started loosing its power very quickly and then stopped working . Also , the batteries in these phones have extremely short life and you have to change them once every four to six months.There is an ongoing class action lawsuit against panasonic for the series KXTG and KXTC phones .
 There 's this background noise all the time . Other than that it is a OK phone .
 Defective handsets : After 5 minutes of use , the handset starts beeping and fades away , especially my voice to the other party as well as his . I increase the volume according to the instruction . But this process continues and I have to switch to the old cord-telephone . The batteries were fully charged at the beginning of each use , on top of the 24 hour charging at the time of installation .
 I 'll start by saying that , to save time in having to read the entire review , I returned the item because of the issue.The price was reasonable ... great actually , in regards to the reviews ... which I thought made it an ideal purchase . Once I got the item , I never had a chance to review any of the extended features . There was such an extreme amount of hiss for a 5.8 GHz phone that I was truly surprised ! I thought it may have been a line issue since we 'd recently upgraded to a digital phone service , but the expense in time and money to check this out and get the necessary equipment to fix the issue -LRB- if indeed it was a line issue -RRB- made it easier to return the phone . Sooooo ... Our newUniden TRU9485-2 Expandable Cordless System with Digital Answering System , Dual Keypad , Call Waiting/Caller ID and Extra Handset and Chargerhas no problems , -LRB- we opted for the TRU9485-3 that came with three handsets -RRB- , a slew of features that add incredible funtionality to the phone ... and did it all for the same price.Bottom line
 I soooo want to like this phone ! I love the way it looks , I like the features , and I 'm digging the three color light up antenna , and yet , sadly , I CA N'T HEAR ANY CALLERS !!!! Voice enhancer is a joke , it makes it sound even worse . I just can not in good conscience recommend this phone -LRB- unless your hearing is really , really , really good ! -RRB- One more thing to add , this is my second Panasonic phone and I had the same issues with the last one . I wo n't be buying a third Panasonic .
 Great for first few years and now completely malfunctioning - need to replace!We bought this phone several years ago and it worked fine up till a couple weeks ago ... the phone is easy to use and had good voice quality . Recently , the phone started acting extremely peculiar and I now have ordered a replacement phone . The phone randomly drops/hangs up on calls , reception has gotten irregular on the recipient side -LRB- getting complaints -RRB- and sometimes wo n't allow you to dial out giving a message something about being too far from the base -LRB- and I am about two feet -RRB- ... I use the phone for business purposes and it 's extremely embarassing when you drop off of calls and have to constantly apologize for losing calls and dialing back in . The point of a land line is to avoid all that stuff that happens with cell phones !
 Nice phone but do n't drop it . The antena broke right away . Good range though but does n't stay charged .
 This is the third cordless Panasonic phone I purchased in the last 1/2 year . The first 2 , purchased at Circuit City , both in the more expensiverange , turned out to have answering machines that did n't work . Thus , I had to return them . This one , purchased on Amazon.com was fine for the first few months but during the last few months it has been totally unpredictable . One call the phone is working fine , the next call one or more buttoms stop working so I can not dial my number . Sometimes I get a message on my screen which says that I am too far from the base which could n't possibly be the case . -LRB- On the second hand set the screen has become a complete blank -- resetting does n't help . -RRB- Another annoyance is that the date/time on the answering machine stops working about a week or 2 after fixing the problem . In a nutshell , I do not recommend this phone .
 I am VERY disappointed in this Panasonic phone . I did extensive research before I bought - and the KX-TG5632M was the highest rated 5.8 Ghz cordless phone I could find . Well , If this is a highly rated phone I would hate to see how bad the others are ! Prior to this , I believed that Panasonic built quality cordless phones ... but not now . I would rate this phone as FLAKY . I was looking for simple virtues - like clarity and range - and I did n't get either . When I am using my corded headphone -LRB- which worked well even with my old junky AT&T phone -RRB- , people ca n't hear me ... and headphone use is very important to what I do . When using the 2nd handset , the dial tone has static and breaks -LRB- interruptions -RRB- in it ... and the headset is only 20 feet from the base unit/answering machine . The answering machine 's outgoing message is distorted and sounds like it is in an echo chamber . The built-in answering machine `` voice '' is distorted and hard to understand . For example , it sounds like it is saying `` NOT messages '' instead of `` NO messages '' . Messages left by callers are distorted and hard to understand . So much for clarity ! My house is on a 1/5 acre lot -LRB- 8500 ft2 -RRB- and the phone will barely work to the boundaries of my lot . So much for range ! If anyone has found a really good cordless phone/answering machine -LRB- that does not use 2.4 Ghz -RRB- , please let me know -LSB- . . -RSB- .
 Love everything about this phone except their is no audible message alert . The message alert is a visual on the handset , which means you have to check it every time you come home , rather than be automatically reminded by the beeping . A major oversight , and makes the answering machine useless as far as I 'm concerned . Shame , because all else is great .
 yo tenia un 2.4 excelentedure 5 a & ntilde ; os con elcambie por este 5.8 y la se & ntilde ; al es una porqueria
 I took my time decided between my options but knew that I wanted voice mail within the phone and because it would be in plain view of my customers , I need it to look sharp . This phone certainly qualifies on those two counts but I had n't considered that I could purchase a phone , any phone , that was this quiet.Calling to set up gas , water and electric , my ear and side of head hurt from pressing the phone hard against my ear to hear . -LRB- And this coming from an amateur boxer . -RRB- I kept checking that the volume was all the way up and it was . And would switch 'VE ' Voice Enhancement from on to off . 'VE ' would change the tone and was a marginally improvement , but nowhere near what I needed.I should also note that the phone I had in the shop for the first 2 days , while hideously ugly and old with some buttons that you 'd have to mash to get to work , was loud and clear.This Panasonic goes back today !
 I bought this phone 2 weeks ago , and found it very handy but with some drawbacks , which is the reason why I gave 2 stars .1 . One of them is poor volume quality . -LRB- VE -RRB- feature is absolutely useless and does n't make any sense , I would rather buy one without this feature and maybe save some money .2 . After a while , I noticed that too often caller asks me to speak loud , which is annoying . I was trying to solve this problem with Panasonic customer support , but nothing works , even another feature like ` booster ' for handset during the outbound calls . And this is not the problem with my phone service or phone line , since my old , \ cordfull ' phone works find .3 . Having a feature to synch phonebook between different handsets , it does n't allow you to assign ` fast dial ' buttons , so you always have to browse your phonebook before you can make a call .
 I frequently have to go a hardwired phone in order to be heard by the other party . The Panasonic phone signal fades in and out , most often blocking out my voice from the recipient but sometimes making it impossible for me to hear them.I called Panasonic about the problem . The only meaningful suggestion they had was to send the phone in for exchange or repair.Other than the audibility issue , other features appear to be satisfactory .
 I received this printer stand the day after I ordered it -- that was great ! However , it went downhill from there . The screws provided to assemble the stand were the wrong size -LRB- too large -RRB- . There was no way to screw them in all of the way . I had to replace the screws with ones from the local harware store . The wrench provided to tighten the casters only fit two of the four casters . Plus , one of the shelves was cracked all the way through.With the correct parts this would make a good printer stand . Sadly , I did not have time to send the stand back because my new printer arrived the next day . The printer was immediately put into production . You 're taking chance ordering this printer stand .
 I bought this planner but never used it . It 's very small , so I could n't keep vendor contracts in it or anything .
 The combination of labels and applicator is really foolproof - it just works . But the afterburner labels do not seem to be an official Avery product -LRB- could not find generic templates on the website , the product number is unknown , etc -RRB- , so in practice you 're tied to the included Click 'N' Design software -- which is slow , clumsy and buggy.If Avery would fully support the labels -LRB- outside of the `` afterburner '' ghetto -RRB- , the product would earn four stars . -LRB- If they would replace the horrible software , it would get five . -RRB-
 This product only for windows . I bought this because I tought fit with my Mac . So if you have Mac do n't buy this product bcoz it gon na be useless
 The mechanics -LRB- label application device etc. -RRB- of this system are fine . The software is horrible ! It is without a doubt the worst I have ever had the misfortune to have purchased . Difficult , if not impossible to `` make it do '' what I want . Simply adding text where you want is a rediculous chore . Do n't buy it . If someone offers it for free , refuse.Honestly , this one is bad !
 We purchased an Ativa shredder from Office Depot 18 months ago.It never worked well and if we inserted more than four or five sheets it would labor and jam . Finally , it simply quit . The reverse feed would still work but not the forward feed . When we took it back to Office Depot the staffer we dealt with shrugged and said `` It happens . A shredder will just die on you and they 're not worth fixing . `` Being that we 're concerned about the environment , we asked about recycling . Office Depot took it back for recycling and charged us $ 15.00 for the privilege !!!! If I could give this Ativa shredder a minus 10 , I would . As for the Office Depot staffer he should be ashamed of himself , not only for the Ativa 's lack of quality , but also his cavalier behavior toward us when we brought it back.We bought a Fellowes as a replacement , even though it was twice the money . It 's more powerful , way quieter and just plain better all around.In other words , based on our recent experience at Office Depot , I would say do n't buy an Ativa * anything * . I certainly wo n't , ever again .
 A few months of very light use and this poorly made in China product is now ready to be added to the landfill . The shredding mechanism is made of plastic and thin metal blades that appear to have become misaligned and self destructed . My previous shredder was perchased for around $ 30 and lasted 5 + years . Profits over quality ... Called Ativa . They will not stand behind their product .
 I purchased Ativa LD 800 paper shredder about 3 months ago , and have used it moderately about 4 or 5 times . Today , no power . I have tried all of the suggested steps to trouble shoot , and still no power . Infuriating . Avoid this product .
 I 've owned an ativa shredder for six years . It 's run that long only because I knew how to open it up and clean out the paper jams . Ativa shredders overheat and sometimes even produce what looks like smoke coming from the top of the shredder . They need constant cleanout . And , when you open them up , the carbon motor brushes pop out and you have to figure out how to put them back . Finally , the P.O.G. died this this week.My sister has a Fellows shredder that needs no care except for lubercation per Fellows instructions . I am going to buy a Fellows shredder next .
 I bought this product 3 years ago at Office Depot . It was advertized as having a 7-year Manufacturer 's warranty . -LRB- Which was way better than most -RRB- I was looking for a `` bigger '' shredder to handle my one-man office , junk mail and odd CD and credit card . It worked fine for about 2-1/2 years . Then a few plastic `` fingers '' that help clean the cutters broke off . What happens then is that the shredded paper starts to build up at that spot between the cutters , separating the cutter blades even more , until the cutter blades start rubbing real hard against the opposite cutter blades , until the unit grinds to a halt . I tried claeaning the shredded paper between the cutter blades as best I could , -LRB- it 's almost like concrete -RRB- until I restored the use of the shredder . That lasted a week until the paper build up and the shredder ground to halt again . I walked in to my local Office depot store where I bought it , along with the original manual and my original receipt , and I was told that I needed to deal directly with the manufacturer , not with Office Depot . I almost had to threathen the sales manager for him to help me find telephone numbers to contact Ativa , Office Depot or the original Chinese manufacturer . I made the call to Ativa support right there in the store with my cell phone , and was told that Ativa did not have repair centers or any way to replace the original shredder . They did acknowledge , however , that there was indeed a 7-year warranty on this item , and after asking me a bunch of questions about how I operated and took care of the unit , they did agree to refund me my original cost + tax -LRB- $ 144.00 -RRB- in the form of an Office Depot voucher that I could spend on any merchandise at the Office Depot store . All I had to do was to fax them my original receipts along with the case # they assigned to me and wait 6-8 weeks for the voucher to arrive . Let 's see if I ever get that voucher ... Office Depot does not appear to carry many Ativa shredders anymore , -LRB- certainly not this model -RRB- but now carry Fellowes shredders . The equivalent size Fellowes shredder is twice the price at $ 289.00 ! Is a Fellowes shredder any better ? Somehow , I doubt it . Their warranty is only 2 years -LRB- incl . the motor -RRB- and a lifetime warranty on the cutters .
 The first binder came broken and had to be exchanged . The second fell apart after a week . Avoid this product . At least the exchage was easy
 Very poor design without thinking.One layer plastic spine was too weak to hold papersand it broke in a couple weeks .
 I would like this labeler , except for the fact that as so many others have noted , it prints out very wide margins around individual labels . Because of this , I always have to reach for a pair of scissors and trim the labels . Each and every time . I do n't want to have to think about this , locate the scissors and trim it up every time I want to use it . Because of this poor design , I would not recommend this system to others .
 As some of the other posters have said , this devices wastes a lot of -LRB- expensive -RRB- tape and is difficult to use to create file folder labels . Even after a series of steps to adjust settings , you still need a pair of scissors to cut of the excess ! What a waste of time and energy !
 I have found Brother to be an `` oh Brother '' customer service . Avoid like the plague . Go with Dymo !
 I understand that I did not check out if this came with an AC adaptor . However , to price an adaptor -LSB- ... -RSB- more than that of the product itself -LSB- ... -RSB- does not seem correct . You are better off paying for a higher end model that comes with an adaptor . Atleast you get more features for your money .
 Terrible waste of tape . Makes tapes too long I have to cut every one with scissors . Tape is expensive . Do n't buy .
 I must agree with the other reviews I have read . It 's a great machine in that it does what it is supposed to do and is intuitive . My problems :1 . Total waste of tape -LRB- which is $ $ $ -RRB- because it prints an extra 1 '' on each side of every label you print . Keep scissors nearby .2 . If you clear out the text by pressing Shift + Clear , it clears all settings including the font size . It defaults to ENORMOUS SIZED FONT that I do n't think I would ever use . Their smallest size is still kinda big for a file.I am simply not willing to buy the a/c adapter -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . I purchased this for the office and if it were for personal use , I would return it . Because of the HUGE waste of ribbon ; the limited font sizes -LRB- normal - big - enormous -RRB- ; and the requirement for scissors with each use I give it two stars . The Brother name is worth less now in my book .
 After owning a P-touch labeler for years , I found the need for a more duable label than my `` M '' tape was providing . I opted for this `` TZ '' tape labeler . Good price , looks good . What a mistake !!! The only thing well designed about this unit is it 's abilty to waste more tape than it uses !! If you print a label of any size , count on it costing you two full inches of tape to do it !!! At $ 20.00 a roll , prepare to be screwed each time you push the print button.Then go find the scissors and cut the excess off , so the label does not look as stupid as the person who designed this pile of junk !!! But cheer up you can push six buttons , every time , to reduce the margin to `` narrow '' . This will reduce the waste to a half inch on ONE side of the label , and print two small dots on the other side , this will show you where to cut it with your scissors , to match the `` narrow '' side . Also you must do ALL settings for EVERY label EVERY time !! Another `` great feature , it will use the same amount of tape regaurdless of print size , so you will only print large print.What a joke !!! What a hassle !! Now the good news . I used to make lots of labels , and now I only make labels for VERY important items . And only when I am up to getting mad for doing so . I really wish amazon would allow us to give items a negative five stars ! You have been warned !
 I kid you not
 Unless you enjoy wasting your money on the refill tape , this one is nearly the same as the PT-80 , but the `` TZ '' refill tape for this 1280 is at or more than $ 20 per refill . The `` M '' refill tape for the 80 is about half the cost and has all the same printing features as far as I have seen -LRB- I used the 80 regularly at work and bought this 1280 for home use -RRB- . Also a main reason I bought this one is that the TZ tape comes in 3/4 '' and 1 '' widths for more printing options ; however this model does not fit the larger widths , maximum is 1/2 '' , so do n't waste your money on this one . I got burned .
 I 've had an `` M '' series labeller for years and loved it , but it was n't available at the store when I moved to a new office , so I got the 1280 . The functionality is worse , it 's difficult to navigate , and worst of all , it is apparently DESIGNED to waste tape -- and when the tape cartridges cost almost as much as the labeller , that 's important ! By default it leaves 1 '' of blank tape on each end of the label , meaning for most applications you have to hand trim it with scissors . I finally found a `` margins '' option and set it to a half inch , only to find that it puts the default 1 '' margin , then ADDS the half inch with a little mark to show you how much extra tape it wasted . I 'll be looking back to the M series , or other brands , for my next buy .
 If I could give this labeler negative stars , I would . It is a money waster . Every time you print a label , it wastes 2 inches of label tape on either side and you have to end up cutting the excess off . The label tape is very expensive and the labeler continously wastes it ! Please consider another labeler because you will hate making labels with this one !
 I like brother . I really do . I think of them as my , well , little brother . But I love the earth more . And with that global warming thing , I love her all the more . She is so Hot , you know ? Any hotter , tho , and we 'll be swimmin ' in our own waste . So , it would be nice if I could make a label that DID N'T require a half inch of profit to go to brother . Seriously guys , greed is good , but greed means that I 'm going to go buy a new label maker .
 I bought this product without first checking Amazon reviews and I regret it . If I had known that this machines was designed to waste 1-2 inches of tape each time you print a label , I would not have bought it . The real cost to the label-maker is in the cost of the tape and if you are literally wasting 1-2 inches for each use , then a roll of tape will not last very long . I called their `` customer service '' line in the hopes that I had not set the margins properly but was told that although they receive complaints EVERY day about this problem , it 's not a design problem , it 's my problem . Not very helpful and extremely frustrating since I asked if there was a way I could provide customer feedback for the next version of this model . I would not recommend this label-maker and I definitely would not recommend calling them for help either .
 I like the * idea * of this labeler . I like the querty keypad and the form factor . The labels are nice as well . But I have to use scissors to trim each label because of the ridiculous inch-long strip of blank tape on each label.To whoever said this was an easy fix using the ` chain print ' function
 As most everyone has noted previously , this label machine does waste a LOT of tape . Oddly enough , I really do like this labeler . I like the many options it has and the regular keyboard-style layout . One reviewer -LRB- `` It does n't waste tape if you set it up correctly '' - Lynn B -RRB- noted , you can change the margins to reduce the excess tape . However that 's not quite the full story . Reducing the margin only saves tape on one end -LRB- instead of 2 '' of excess tape , you now end up with 1-1/8 '' of excess tape -RRB- . If you print multiple labels in one sitting , then the reduced margin is beneficial . If you 're like me and print one label at a time - as you need it - then you still end up wasting tape . I recommend you set up for the reduced -LRB- narrow -RRB- margin , but you 'll still end up cutting off an inch of tape . If it was n't for the wasted tape issue , I 'd give this machine 5 stars .
 Agree with ALL of the reviews about the PT-1280 wasting label ribbon . I bought this machine about 4 months ago at a Staples while I was in store to fill an immediate need . Sadly , I did n't do my normal research & check how much it was on Amazon or , more importantly , read any reviews . The cost of the machine itself is cheap , but the label ribbons are so pricey you think twice about labelling . In addition to the narrow margin & chain print functions -LRB- which you have to set EVERY time -RRB- , another way I 've managed to get more out of the label ribbon is by using the carriage return/ENTER key . I stack titles on top of one another to make the ribbon last longer . But again , you have to use scissors to trim the 2 separate lines in 1/2 - which defeats the purpose of having a label maker ... I would n't buy this again ever . But since I have it I buy labels from ptouchdirect to make the best of a bad situation .
 This all started when I wanted to get a labeler to get more organized . I started with the Brother P-Touch PT-80 which worked as advertised , but ate batteries so fast that I could n't keep up with it . I eventually had a friend take it apart and solder a plug so that it runs from the wall power -LRB- used a plug that you can change the voltage on it , like you find at Radio Shack -RRB- . When the time came to get another labeler for my office , I decided to try this model -LRB- PT-1280 -RRB- since it came with the option for a wall plug.This product is so terrible that I would rather buy another PT-80 and take that one apart to make it run off a wall plug . That is how bad this product is - I 'd rather void the warranty of another device than use this out-of-the-box junk.The main issue is that by default this device does not print labels correctly within the margins . All research seems to point that you need to reset your margins and text size every time you want to print . When a device ca n't seem to do even its basic function correctly , it 's time to look for another device.Brother should be embarrassed that this product is still being sold with their name on it . I 've started using some tape and a marker instead of picking up this labeler.If you are looking for an easy solution , this is not the product for you . Pick another company or at least a different Brother product .
 This unit worked great for 6 months ... then suddenly , without changing a setting , it started to output labels with excessively wide margins . Apparently , according to the FAQ on Brother 's web site , this manufacturing issue is normal
 Like the labels but detest the waste of the expensive label tape . I have ordered an AD30 adapter as after my first set of batteries the 1280 tells me my new batteries are bad ! They test fine . Did not see this problem with any other reviews .
 If you want to waste a lot of tape , this is the labelmaker for you . Though you can shorten the margins , your settings are n't saved once you power off.The PT-80 has far smaller default margins , and virtually all the functionality of this one . It is the far better purchase .
 I usually ignore extremely negative -LRB- or extremely positive -RRB- reviews on Amazon , so it 's a bit ironic that I 've encountered a product so bad that I 'm rating it one star . Unfortunately , the PT-1280 actually warrants it.The Brother company should not sell the PT-1280 , it makes them look terrible . I know that they actually have good products , because my previous label maker -LRB- theP-Touch PT-65 -RRB- , which I love , is also made by them . In the following review , I 'll compare the PT-1280 to the PT-65 so you can get a sense for just how bad this thing is.MARGINS
 This labeler will waste a lot of that expensive tape . If one prints a 1 '' long label , 2 '' are wasted . But hey , this is the trend . They want to make the revenue on tapes , not on the printers . They learned it from HP and other printer makers .
 I do n't like this Brother labeler model because it does n't save the size format from use to use . Every time I turn it on I have to start over and re-size and change fonts for my labels . Every other model I have had saved your changes from use to use . Not exactly a time saving feature .
 This products is trash in comparison with the PT-80 -LRB- the model we always trusted -RRB- in regards to the amount of tape waste.This product was released in 2005 , now we are in 2008 and the manufacture -LRB- Brother -RRB- did n't even bother to correct the problem of the amount of wasted tape , despite the endless complains from all reviewers . 3 years and this product is still as is . . In fact I do n't think its a problem on their end , this product had been designed this way , to waste more tape , thus forcing us consumers to buy more and use more.This unit is going back to Amazon and I 'll get a Dymo instead . Too sad I got deceived by the brand that I always trusted .
 Bought , tried , returned . -LRB- Should 've read online reviews first and skipped all three steps ! -RRB- Simply put , the replacement tape is expensive , and this machine is designed to waste as much of it as possible . Using the `` narrow margin '' setting only slightly reduces the waste on one side ; on the other side it spits out all the same waste and then tells you to cut it off by hand.I went and got a cheap Dymo labeler instead . Its features and interface are much worse than the Brother 's , but it 's not designed to perpetrate a transparent swindle like this thing is .
 I thought I found a great deal on this label maker . Unfortunately , the thing is a piece of junk ! The settings are difficult to adjust , unintuitive , and not well defined . The result is the waste of a lot of label tape -LRB- which is more expensive than what I actually paid for the thing -RRB- trying to get the label you want . Even when the text is set to large , and the margin is set to narrow , the text comes out tiny , then when you want a label to fit a tab or book or something , it comes out too long - it 's really just a crap shoot !
 I bought one of these a couple of years ago , for sporadic use . I 've used it maybe a dozen times , light use each time . Last use was probably six months ago . I took it out , changed the batteries , and discovered that it no longer powers on . I also tried using a DC power adapter with no luck .
 Every label starts off with 1 inch of waste which has to be removed with cissors . Very frustrating . Do not buy .
 This is not good for foreing people because it brings only phases not diccionary for the languages . i am really dissapointed .
 I was disappointed in this planner.The planner is flimsy . The paper used for the pages is so thin , you can see the lines of the next two pages through them . It makes for a very messy , confusing `` organizer . `` Since the majority of the work week -LRB- M , Tu , Th , F -RRB- boxes fall on the left side of the open pages , my hand rests on the spiral while writing ... may be more suitable for a lefty ... if you can get past the fact that it 's overpriced.Additionally , I ordered the planner on August 21 with 2-day shipping , and did not receive it until 2 weeks later !
 Item # AAG761105 Appointment Book was purchased in error , as the 1/2 year 2007 - 1/2 year 2008 was well hidden in the descriptive text -LRB- my error for not reading all the legalize ; vendor error for not being upfront in the product description - see how long it takes you , the customer , to realize what is being sold -RRB- .
 I chose this paper as I am tired of having to reprint photos printed on other papers which have faded through time , especially if framed and placed anywhere that is exposed to sunlight.I can hardly contest the claim that photos printed on this paper will last 100 years . That is after all why I chose it . However , that becomes less of a unique selling point when firstly , the weight of the paper is perilously close to what my HP psc 1350 All In One inkjet printer considers the limit for comfortable loading . It is necessary to position any prints well clear of the top of the page , otherwise the printer is likely to paper jam . Secondly , the paper is particularly ` sticky ' , especially after printing . I leave all prints to ` dry ' for 24 hours , but find that they still stick to the glass in a frame and this causes dark spots where the print is in contact with the glass.So the prints may not fade , but you risk getting frustrated by paper jams and even if they do go through your printer , they wo n't look that good in a glass picture frame .
 I purchased this to replace a full size computer desk when I lived in an efficiency apartment . Space was dear to me and I thought that this would easily move for cleaning and take up little space.WRONG ! The wheels could not withstand rare movement before breaking while it held an average desktop computer . Even the weight of my hands caused the particle board keyboard shelf to separate from the screws -- after less than 3 years of use , I simply tossed it into a the city dumpster trash receptacle at the foot of my building 's entrance . I recommend adding a few bucks and getting something with a bit more `` stamina '' . By truth this is the only purchase I 've made from Amazon that I am displeased with -- all other purchases have exceeded my expectations EXCEPT this .
 I picked up this product at a swap meet . It was still in the packaging and had n't been opened . I 'm only rating its use as an `` attention getting '' device -- the stopwatch and the alarm clock may work fine , but if you need a stopwatch or an alarm clock you should buy a stopwatch or an alarm clock.As for this , I could n't get it to record . The pre-recorded sounds -LRB- Tarzan yell , rooster , etc -RRB- are just garbled gibberish that all basically sound the same . The packaging says `` project your voice 100 feet '' but you have to hold it to your ear just to be able to hear it.This product serves no purpose whatsoever .
 Both the handset cord and the line cord are permanently connected to the telephone . You can not replace either cord . The line cord is only six feet long ... if your jack is too far away , you 're out of luck . If either cord becomes damaged ... you 're out of luck , the phone becomes worthless . Note that Amazon suggests a longer handset cord as an accessory , which you can not use . There 's no excuse for building the phone this way ; it is very unusual .
 This is a classic example of General Electric 's vaunted six sigma philosophy . It is clearly a six sigma product ... six sigmas in bad design : - It has 10 number memory dialing , but you can only enter the number , not the name that goes with it . You want to call your good friend Taylor ? Good luck which memory location you stored the number in.-A mentioned by others , the cord situation is a disaster.-I bought this in Argentina , where I am currently living , but the caller ID appears to have been set up to only work in the U.S.-It practically falls out of the cradle if you so much as look at it.-The battery case does not stay open.-No clue in the instructions how to set the date and clock.In my entire life I can not recall a single consumer product that I felt was more of a waste of money than this . When I buy from GE from now on , I 'll stick to light bulbs .
 I do n't how well it works , but I DO know that everything is HARD CORDED as in you ca n't replace the cords . You ca n't make the line connecting the jack longer without adding a connector -LRB- which never works -RRB- and you ca n't modify the base to handset cord , either . GE made a phone that you buy and have to use within 6 feet or so of your jack . If you 're using it as a wall phone , you 'd have about 18 inches of mobility .
 We bought 2 of these phones and I have never encountered a worse waste of money in my life . On top of what the first person said may I add that the battery compartment NEVER stays closed and if you miss hanging it up by one miniscule your phone is off the hook . Have always liked GE products but this has sent me looking to other companies ...
 I have used one of these phones for over 3 years . The sound quality is good . The caller id function works well.The only problem is that it uses 4 AA batteries every few months . Unless you use rechargeable batteries , you will spend more on batteries than on the phone itself . However , this is true of all corded phones that I have owned with caller id , and we have several . Many years ago , I owned a stand alone caller id display that used 1 AA battery that lasted well over a year , so why are these such battery hogs ? Manufacturers should display average battery life on the box along with the number of batteries it uses .
 I bought this phone as a backup , kept in storage and occasionally used . No problems and very little use and I liked the look and feel of the phone a lot . Then , when I really needed it , the dial out numbers abruptly stopped working . I tried every which way to get them working again without success . This is not a case of batteries dying as I never had any in it and did n't need the power . Now I can only receive calls . What a disappointment !
 As others have mentioned , you can not replace the cord . Also , the phone does not stay on the base very well when it is wall mounted . And my caller id just stopped working shortly after purchase . Huge disappointment .
 I bought and returned this phone two times . Neither ever worked . As soon as you would enter the number a loud screeching sound would begin and static would cover any conversation . The cord is permanently installed so you ca n't replace it with a longer one . Not worth the energy to buy it .
 I was quite satisfied with this , even though the cords are non-replaceable and the display is not lighted , until I discovered that the batteries -LRB- 4xAA -RRB- even alkalines only last a couple of months and when they die , the phone goes dead too . That 's not acceptable , and it makes for a very expensive phone in the long run . I 'm returning the one I still can return .
 Very misleading title - this plan is for PPC Powerbooks , NOT Macbook Pro!The model # for Macbook Pro Applecare is MA515LL/AAppleCare Protection Plan for MacBook Pro/Powerbook MA515LL/A 3 Years
 I thought I had a simple question and called Apple Care where I was told that , even though I bought Apple Care on the same sales receipt as my PowerBook , it would take 7 days to process my `` contract '' . 7 days of down time to do what ?! Do n't they use computers to register one 's qualifications to use their Apple Care ? `` Tamiko '' the Apple `` Care '' rep , refused to pass me on to any one else and hung up on me.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT AS YOU WILL GET NO `` CARE ''
 Since I have had my powerbook , Applecare support has gone downhill . Wait times to get through on the phone have increased , mainly . But the biggest problem is that Apple is very selective about what they cover in their warranty , almost arbitrary , leaving the customer , $ 350 later , powerless to fight such a huge corporation . Even if you try to , you ca n't sue them -- you have to go to arbitration . It 's the law.As an anecdote , when my optical drive went out on me the second time , they warned me that I should back up my data because they could n't guarantee that they would n't touch my HD during the repair . But how can I back up my data if I have no optical drive ? I pushed them for suggestions and they said it is unfortunate , but they had none , and that I had to risk losing the data , or pay someone to back it up for me.Sorry , that is unacceptable , considering the price I paid for the warranty . Even though Microsoft and Windows are still garbage , it is time to end Apple-worship and call them on their screwups . It is the least we can do when we pay so much money to be Mac users .
 My 23 '' apple display died two weeks ago . It is still here , waiting for apple to `` get it together '' . I have never experienced such a complete lack of competence and pathetically slow action plan in my life . Nothing about this has been easy . Even the hold times on the phone are over 20 minutes . There is no email support either.The warranty makes certain promises . Unfortunately they do not live up to this average person 's expectations.I am considering a call to the BBB for now and if things drag much further on , legal action .
 After foolishly letting myself be badgered for the 3rd time by Apple sales people into buying this plan I 've finally learned my lesson . They warned and warned-you 'll be sorry if something goes wrong . Well my MacbookPro has a hardrive problem-NOT COVERED IN ANY SHAPE OR FORM . The money -LRB- over $ 300 -RRB- I would have saved by not buying this plan would have paid for the $ 300 repair.What 's its cover-almost nothing of consequence . Message to Apple-tell your staff to stop trying this shove this worthless plan down customers throats . Want to give money away-there 's a lot of worthwhile charities !
 I 'm a recent switcher to Apple from previously owning Dell systems . The Apple warranty is starkly inferior . Here 's why : - Limited support hours . No 24x7 call center help . - No service for in-home repair it 's all mail-in . I discovered my PowerBook G4 's modem was no good 80 days after buying it from an Apple retail store . This was the very first time I tried to use it as I normally have wifi or use ethernet . So , apparently it was broken out of the box it just took me 80 days to discover . So , I call AppleCare from my hotel room at midnight eastern and I discover they 're not open 24x7 . Uh oh ! Okay , so I wait until the next morning and call back . Still not open . That 's right . They open 9 a.m. pacific time . That 's noon my time . Finally , when I do get ahold of them they have me try several software related things including an archive and install . I comply when I get home a week later -LRB- after all , I need my discs for that -RRB- . Well , I knew it would n't work but I complied anyway . It did n't work . So I called back . Dope ! They do n't open until noon.Finally , I get them on the phone to let them know it did n't work and they set up a mail-in dispatch . Well , I 'm quite displeased about this . I buy a brand new PowerBook that 's DOA and I have to be without it for at least a week while the modem is repaired -LRB- something I VERY rarely use -RRB- . Long story short . I still do n't have my PowerBook back . They 've had it for 7 days now and my status says `` On hold - Part on order . '' I called them to complain but they said they ca n't do anything until tomorrow . After that I still have to wait at least a day for return shipping . Of course , I 'm approaching a weekend and they do n't offer Saturday delivery . So , maybe I 'll get it back next month.AppleCare is the most unfitting name for this warranty ever ! DO NOT BUY !
 This is what I 'd imagine is the number 1 reason I could never suggest Apple computers for a small business . I bought a 2500 dollar machine from them , and it needs a logic board replacement -LRB- phone support was good , admittidly -RRB- - then the shocker , the guy on the phone tells me it will be up to 7-10 days to get my laptop back . . 7-10 days ?? maybe for a casual user in days of yore when computers were more of a novelty . . I use my laptop every day , mutliple times a day for nearly every aspect of my life - scheduling , contacts , work , play , everything ! - anyhow , so I give in and send my baby in , nice service by DHL with their shipping box , and I 'm also impressed they paid for next day air.Another shocker , I 'm on day 7 and my laptop has been listed as `` waiting on part '' since the day after I sent it in , which was around a week after I initially placed my service call . Now , call me odd , but Apple has known that my machine has needed a logic board for 2 weeks , and are unable to procure said board . I could buy a brand new custom built machine and have it at my door in 2 weeks , I could disassembe a Powerbook at an Apple Store and ground ship them the part in 2 weeks , why ca n't Apple get a part from what should be an internal warehouse in 2 weeks ?? To add to the failure , I call in and inquire as to what the status of my repair is to see if I 'll indeed have my baby back within the 10 maximum days I was originally quoted . The answer I got back was `` are you using this for business ? '' - to which I replied yes -LRB- truthfully -RRB- - then the operator offered to perform a parts search at other depots to see if they had the part my powerbook needed , and asked me to wait a moment while she did so . I complied cheerfully , and upon returning to me she informed me that the parts search is underway and we should know within 48 hours if any other depot has my part . 48 hours ???? - to run a search on what I would HAVE to assume is an inventoried part ? doing the math , that would mean the search would come back on the 9th day , giving them not even 24 hours to get the part to the shop where my machine is , get it installed , and get it to DHL for next day service back to me.The best part of all of this is I wonder what would have happened had I never called.I really stress that nobody should buy this junk `` support '' contract , the pay for support from Dell or HP is light years ahead of what Apple offers , and I really hope that Apple drasticlly improves this area of their service offering .
 I purchased a set of egrips fro my iPhone and they worked as advertised . The phone would not slide off of anything and was very easy to grip . However , the rubber delaminated from the adhesive backing pad after about 3 weeks so all that was left on the phone was a shiny plastic strip .
 At least the disc was n't blank , but it was not what I was looking for . The description online was not very good so I had to take a chance and hope it was the right one . There was no director or producer listed for the title , so I really had no idea if it was the right one . It was cheap enough that I got over it , but I 'd like to be able to read a good description of what I 'm buying .
 The right price - the wrong phone . I thought the low price reflected lack of bells and whistles -LRB- no caller ID , etc. -RRB- but found if I left the room where the base of the phone was located the signal clicked out.An old fashioned , long corded phone would work as well if not better . Do n't be fooled that it is cordless - the range is no greater than a corded phone .
 This phone was advertised as having caller id , but when it arrived it was just a plain phone .
 This phone has been used in my house for over 2 years now . While I was almost happy with my $ 14 phone , I recently switched/upgraded to the Panasonic DECT phone -LRB- KX-TG1033S -RRB- and WOW I can tell the difference . No static interference , much better sound quality . The difference is like Hi-def TV to standard TV.If you talk your phone all the time , for the features , sound quality , and comfort , I would recommend springing for the Panasonic . If you hardly talk on your phone , this will suffice .
 I am a long-time Amazon customer and recently began searching for leathermouse pads as gifts for my employees and our clients . Found this item andjust want to share a note of caution with you : Bonded Leather , or `` Reconstituted Leather '' is not really a true leatherbut a man-made material composed of 60 % to 90 % leather fibers -LRB- often scrapfrom leather tanneries -RRB- . Bonded leather is not as durable as genuineleathers , and is recommended for use only if the product will be usedinfrequently . -LRB- data from WIKIPEDIA online -RRB- There are many true genuine leather mouse pads from other vendors and atbetter prices ! Amazon may also have some , keep searching , but rememberonly the words `` GENUINE LEATHER '' or equal terminology should appear inthe description .
 This company charged exhorbitant freight - more than the cost of the product on an item that only weighed approx . 1/2 lb . It appears that they are trying to make their money on `` shipping & handling '' . Will never buy from them again .
 On the product page it says this product is 13.3 '' wide , which is exactly as wide as my filing cabinet . It turns out that is the width of the box not the width of the tabs on the folders which is only 12.5 '' wide - so the product is useless to me . I 'm not sure how I can be sure I am getting the right width folder if I cant trust the dimensions supplied .
 The folders are decently built and seem to be sturdy enough . My one complaint is that the labels are just tossed in the package not as a sheet but piece-meal . You must hand-write every single label . They are not printer friendly in the slightest . I do n't see how this is still acceptable after years of standard label sheets made for printers ...
 I like these pads and buy them locally at Staples . To save a trip I ordered them through this site . They arrived promptly - nice as always , just the wrong color - yellow . The color in the product display is correct - but it was not what they sent . This was my second attempt to buy this paper . Same thing happened the previous time . So I found an old pad , got the info off it , went to the manufacturer 's website and was directed here . Worthless endeavor . I 'll go back into town .
 This is a terrific product , but Buyer Beware
 Unfortunately Amazon does not understand that the calendar year is an important variable for this item . So when the week-at-a-glance website is only shipping the 2010 versions of this item -LRB- which is what I was seeking in late June 2009 , I instead got the 2009 version when I ordered it from Amazon even though I made a special call to customer service and instructed them to only ship it in the 2010 version.Amazon please get your act together for your calendar product orders . Occassionally in mid year some people are going to want a current year calendar and some are going to want one for the following year .
 Did you know that you are not buying from Amazon.com and they do n't care if you get your order or not .
 This cordless phone/answering machine is packed with great features and a great price ! The 4 mailboxes , caller id , directory are really great and very well thought out features . The setup was easy and quite easy to configure for my needs . Where this product falls short is in the quality of the cordless connection . It has a lousy range , none of the channels tried resulted in a clear connection . I plan to return it . Seems like a case of adding bells and whistles to an old car and trying to set a transcontinental speed record .
 This is the worst cordless phone I 've ever used . The caller ID rarely works , I had to hook up my external caller ID . Sometimes when I pick up the phone , all I can hear is LOUD static . The reception is horrible ; it does n't matter what channel you use , They 're all bad . I 'm surprised at what a piece of trash Bell South has put out ! Stay away from this lemon .
 I received no manual with this phone and can not find anywhere in the web to get another one .
 The caller ID stopped working after a few months , and we have to beat the phone repeatedly when we answer the phone , just to get rid of the static . I cant even figure out how to change the channels on this thing . if someone knows how , let me know , otherwise stay away from this model !
 I bought this for my classroom and used it a few times . I loved the fact that it has a mouse function and a laser pointer -LRB- though it is a very weak laser -RRB- . However , this product failed to deliver where it 's needed the most and that is the range . I 'm not sure why the last guy says it works from 40-50 feet but mine was only able to work within 10 feet . I also had to point my presenter directly at the USB device to work . At this range , I might as well walk to the computer to change a slide . Junk .
 The reception is hit and miss . It does not work unless you are at the right angle and within range -LRB- about 10 feet -RRB- . Spend the extra money and get one of better quality .
 This is an awful product . It is the most useless laser pointer + mouse combination I have ever attempted to use.For one , the mouse operation is choppy at best on a Mac . The sensitivity is far too high and is not easily adjusted . Its operation is adequate on a PC -LRB- running XP -RRB- . More importantly , the laser pointer can only be used when the switch in the middle of the device is switched into laser mode . When that happens , the mouse buttons do n't work . To use the mouse button , the switch has to be put into mouse mode , which turns off the laser pointer . This makes no sense to me because :*-RRB- There is an off button on the side of the laser pointer , so this clearly is n't meant to prevent accidental laser presses while in the pocket . * -RRB- The laser button is DIFFERENT than the mouse buttons , so this clearly is not a way to minimize the number of buttons on the device.Avoid this product . There are much better products elsewhere . I returned this product the day I received it .
 I work in a university where our conference rooms are constantly used for educational and powerpoint presentations . Since we have meetings and lectures where equipment is used each and every working day , it is IMPERATIVE that we have reliable and dependable tools to facilitate seamless presentations . We purchased two of these Targus AMP02us remotes for a couple of meeting rooms and they worked okay for a good year . Then after that , things got spotty ; even after changing batteries , the remotes sometimes would work , then not . We would get calls all the time for the faultiness of these remotes . Presenters would be calling us at the last minute , breathing down our necks in order to get the remote to work for their presentations ! Finally , we junked them . If you want a remote that lasts only one year , is totally disposable and totally unreliable , buy this piece of junk . Other than that , do yourself a favor and spend a little more for a better remote from a better company .
 This was the second remote I bought from Targus and this was cheaper in quality than the first one that I bought . The USB connector literally fell apart in my hands after 3 months of use . I taped it together and it lasted a bit longer . I wish I had spent more for a higher quality product .
 I loved this phone for the 45 days that it worked . I loved it so much , I even considered exchanging it for a new one -LRB- instead of getting a refund -RRB- thinking that perhaps I just got a lemon . I will save my money after reading the other reviews.The jog dial is brilliant . It allows you to access all functions through it and is much faster than arrows . All program functions were simple to figure out , which means you actually get to use all the features of the phone . I liked the larger handset because it was easier to hold and more like the previous cordless phones I 've used . I also loved the intercom feature between all handsets , allowing one person to take the phone into the yard and call them via intercom instead of shouting ! -LRB- nice for densly packed neigborhoods -RRB- I also loved the corded handset and speakerphone on the base unit , which meant no searching for the cordless phone to make a call.Now the negative , the phone was just badly made . After 45 days of normal use , one of the cordless phones just stopped working . Actually , it loudly beeped randomly for a day or so before quitting . When I sent it back to Sony for repair , the service was awful . They asked me to return the base unit , even though that was working fine , thereby knocking out every phone in my house since I bought additional handsets . They then said the repair was not under warranty since the problem was caused by corrosion , which is caused by liquid damage to the circuit board . When you look at the back of the unit , under the battery cover , their are 4 holes in it , and the battery cover does n't even have as much as a gasket to keep even a drop of water from getting in . On top of it , customer service was very unfriendly and arrogant . The whole system had to be reset to unregister the broken unit.I also had problems with the cordless units loosing contact with the base unit twice in 45 days , but I was able to reregister them - it was extremely complicated.Their was also no way to transfer a call when the handset ran low on battery power , the call would just be lost because you ca n't just pick up another phone , the call had to be transferred from the phone that you are on . By the time the battery low warning goes on , there is not enough juice to transfer or park the call . This is very annoying if you have been on hold with Sony technical service for over an hour , only to be disconnected and have to call back!All in all , it is unfortunate that this phone was such poor quality as I thought it has been one of the easiest cordless phones I have ever used . If it had been more durable , I would have kept it . If Sony had been more reasonable about repairing or replacing it , I would have kept it - despite its shortcoming . Unfortunately `` Breaks easily and becomes useless '' is not a shortcoming anyone can live with . I am not sure what to purchase either since Uniden , Panasonic , and V-tech all get bad reviews as well .
 I bought the original base phone and a additional handset at Christmas from Circuit City . They worked great so I wanted to add an additional handset in March . The base phone would not recognize the new handset . Called Sony and three hours later I had NO PHONES !!! They had me do a few things and it erased all factory presets of the base phone . This can only be fixed at the factory . Long story short I now have to send all three phone back to Sony to have them reset . Of course Circuit City wound n't exchange them it had been 60 days since I bought the first phone and they make no exceptions . Also , my base phone was cordless and they do n't sell that model anymore . I wonder why . Never reset the base even if a Sony rep tells you to do so . Will be a major catastrophe !
 I just took this phone back to the store . I had two portable hand sets . After 1 week , the first refused to connect to the base . Exchanged it for a new one , however the replacement was useless
 The sound quality is fine in my apt . but if I walk 10 feet away the connection breaks up . I bought a powerful cordless to be able to at least walk to my mailbox and remain on the phone but this phone does n't allow for that . It 's a pain to program -- you ca n't set the time on the base , and although I 've set it several times from the handset , the time STILL says 12:00 -- it 's as bad as a VCR . Accessing my speed dial numbers is a four part process -LRB- its faster for me to just dial the number -RRB- . The sound quality on the answering machine outgoing message is unacceptable . I 've recorded several times and it still sounds like I recorded it from a depth of 4000 feet . I 've had three Sony phones -LRB- only because I continually have to return them to the manufacturer and they send a new one -RRB- because after about 6 months the key pads stop working . Sony should be ashamed .
 Maybe ... but do n't make this Sony Wireless handset/phone your friend . Make it one of your less-liked friends because once you buy it you 'll think it 's you 're best phone friend , but in actuality , the more you use it , the less you 'll like it . Make sense ? Let me explain ... Reception and clarity of voice and calls is not a problem , at least not the worst problem . For me , the problem is the wireless handset.HANDSET PRO + and CONS - + Useful information displayed on LCD , especially callerID functions . + HOLD button included , many phones do not have this ! + Easy to see number pad and other buttons to configure . + Volume is good , three click-adjusting on the side of the phone . + Round rolling dial for callerID and settings is superb idea , Sony basically patent-started this on their products . + Headphone jack is in an acceptable placement on side of phone above volume control . - Bad ergonomics , the phone shape is too big and curved to grip . - Heavy , the battery is large and placed on the bottom . - The TALK/OFF buttons are in the way of holding the phone between your face and shoulders , extremely easy to just accidently turn it off -LSB- I have almost 75 % of the time -RSB- . - Clip on back of phone is not strong , and really not even a clip at all ! More like a part they just forgot , then stuck something on . It will not snap-clip to anything , basically it just sort of hangs on , and poorly at that because the phone is big and heavy.CORDED PHONE PROS + and CONS - + Useful information displayed on LCD , especially callerID functions . + HOLD button included , but placement is kind of off and hard to distinguish with the other same shape/size buttons around it . + Easy to see number pad and other buttons to configure . + Volume is easy to adjust , especially for ringer . + Round rolling dial for callerID and settings is wonderful and makes configuring very easy and quick . + Speakerphone is loud and clear , volume adjustable . + LCD display is large enough to see and understand . - Corded phone is plastic , too light-weight and thin to hold . - Actual size is quite large , so it takes up a bit of surface space.OVERALL IMPRESSION -LSB- again -RSB- This corded/wireless set would be the best if separated . The handset is great and recommended , but the handset you should avoid unless you like being disconnected unexpectedly .
 My first Sony phone was faulty . One problem was that the phone would not charge . I was instructed on how to ship back to company and I paid for it.I was told I would be reimbursed . I never received the phone . I was told by Cozy Nook rep. that phone was shipped and delivered to my house -LRB- He tracked it he said -RRB- !! Meanwhile , it was never received ! I was told by e-mail that it was ! Go to Amazon to complain . I personally tracked it and it was sent to Woodland , CA !! Very far from PA ! . I did receive phone now , was told a mistake was made , but no apology for calling me a liar ! Hopefully the replacement I received today will work ... Ca n't afford this in this economy !
 What can I say ? I like pretty shiny things . . add blue to this . . and I could n't resist.I walked in to BJs one day . . and just HAD to have this . I really did n't need another cordless phone but it was just so so pretty . I get home set it up pretty quickly and register the handset with the base . 5 minutes go by the base is ringing I go to pick up the handset and nothing . It could n't connect . That should have been a sign . In the few years I 've had it it 's only intermittently worked as advertised . Within in the last year caller id info will NEVER show up on any of the handsets and will only be displayed 1/50 times so if you like to know who is calling you , you 'll simply be stuck with ** RINGING ** . I do n't think they still make this phone . I believe Sony has completely abandoned their cordless phone line but if I am wrong . . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE .
 This phone stops working randomly . but yes till the time it works , it is good . Another thing - cud not find mute button on it so might not be good for confrence calls
 The telephone 's logic -LRB- ie . storing numbers , retrieving numbers , going through messages etc -RRB- is superb . No complaints . However it fails abysmally at simply being a telephone . Since telephones are all about hearing what someone is saying , it is very dissapointing to hear its poor audio quality . This problem is most prominent with respect to the speaker in the base unit . One uses this speaker when reviewing incoming messages and when using the speakerphone function . In these two uses , my phone 's audio quality is so bad that it is irritating to use it . Many messages are difficult to hear and this is despite selecting the high sampling rate option for incoming messages.To make matters worse Sony is playing by the rule book when it comes to me trying to return the phone.I have no idea if I simply got a bad unit or if this is a bad design . The sour taste could have been lessened by user-friendly customer support . It was not .
 I was attracted to this phone by the aesthetics and the features it offered ... little did I know that shortly after I bought it the # 3 button would stop working . The worst part is that Sony customer service was pathetic . Their solution was to send the phone back which would leave me `` phoneless '' for 2.5 weeks . Or so they hoped as the customer service rep told me - no guarantee it would n't take longer than that . When I asked for a supervisor of the customer service manager I was told that `` no one else would want to bother talking to me about this problem '' . Last phone/product I ever buy from them . Whatever happened to the customer is always right ?
 This phone is good . But what 's the point of having a phone where the # 1 button stops working . The first phone I sent it back for an exchange and guess what happens ? The new phone 's # 1 button just messed up again . It has n't even been 2 months . Sony needs to fix this problem .
 I bought this phone November , 2001 . About a week after purchasing it , the number 1 button stopped working . I exchanged the phone for a new one . With the replacement phone , everything worked for a while . Now , I am looking for a new phone since the number 1 and 2 buttons do not work . Most of the phone numbers for people I call regularly are stored in memory so I do not frequently use the number pad for dialing . This phone was the biggest waste of money . Do not purchase it !
 We bought this phone and expanded it to 3 cordless handsets . In the second year of ownership , the # 1 keypad quit working on every one of the handsets . Great craftsmanship . If you contact Sony , they will not stand behind the product and act as though this is not a quality issue affecting every handset produced for this phone . Buy any other brand !
 Phone died after two days of operation . Handset would not connect with base . Also , handsets get VERY HOT after being on the charger for a few hours . Returned .
 Nice look but very poor performance . Hard to hear even being close from the phone base . I would not recomend this product
 I bought this phone because of it 's sleek look , and it 's features . Absolutely LOVE the phone directory and caller ID setup ! Unfortunately , those are the only good things about it . After I got it home , charged up and ready to go , this phones bad points really shone through . When talking into it , the echo of your own voice is the worst of any phone I have ever used . Almost loud enough to block out the person you 're talking to . The ringer times option was another disappointment . You can choose between 2 or 5 rings , or the Toll Saver . However , if you set it on 5 or Toll Saver , the line disconnects you before the answering machine picks up , and if you place it on 2 rings , the phone rings once before answering ! So even if your sitting next to the phone , you still have to contend with the answering machine . Finally , the placement of the OFF button was poorly laid out , and this was the straw that broke the camel 's back . While having a conversation with a friend , I hung up on them 3 TIMES ! This phone went back to the store after about a week . I 'll wait till Sony irons out the bugs before buying another phone from them .
 Purchased this machine awhile back and it was nothing but trouble.Maybe i was unlucky . Regardless , IMO , it is junk .
 I got about 5 months out of this machine before it went kablooey -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . I returned it and they -LRB- not amazon , but Staples -RRB- could only give me another of the same model . 8 or 9 months later , I am looking at that machine and it does n't work.When it did work , the sound quality -LRB- announcement and incoming messages was very poor.My next model I bought was the one that Staples happened to have
 We have had success with Sony products - but this phone is a failure.The way it is configured you can easily hit the off button when you cradle it between face and shoulder.The digital Voicemail is poor , choppy and clipped sounding for both outgoing and incoming messages ... and after a year and 4 months -LRB- take reviews from those who 've owned less that a year with a grain of salt -RRB- it started dying on us ... the battery is fine but it just keeps cutting out.We are pursuing it with Sony - but our expectations are very low , as the warranty is - you guessed it - just one year.Nice features which earns it 2 stars ... if Sony did n't have such a good record - it would have gotten 1 star .
 I had started my own home business and wanted a cordless with 3 mailboxes and had asked for this particular phone for christmas . Needless to say I was very excited and could not wait to try it out . The phone was easy to set up and worked great until about a month later the hand set would not dial . You would press the button , hear the beep like it was actually dialing , but nothing . When I could n't figure it out as to why it was not working I did what 95 % of the human race would do I hit it against something , then it worked fine . After one call it did the same thing , to this day the hand set does not work we only use it for the answering machine . Like I said before it 's a nice phone if it does n't break .
 This phone/answering machine was a replacement from Sony for one just like it that I had purchased and had broken on me within a month or so . The answering machine had just stopped working . I sent it back , and about a month later , I finally got a replacement.The biggest flaw of this phone is that when it is on , and you hang it up , it does not automatically turn off ! I have never had a cordless phone do this before ! Every phone I 've had -LRB- and I 've had a dozen or more -RRB- has always automatically shut off when hung up in its cradle . This phone , you have to press the `` off '' button before putting it in its cradle , or it will stay on and keep your line busy until you turn it off . This has happened a number of times , and it is such a terrible flaw that I can not recommend this phone . It is such a basic feature to turn off when put back in its cradle that all phones should have this feature . Can you imagine on a regular phone having to press an off button to hang up?Otherwise , the quality is average to poor , and the programming functions are not common sense or easy to figure out . Normally , I can figure out programming without having to refer to the manual - not with this phone.Sony just is n't what it used to be anymore . It 's time to select other brands .
 My Sony SPPA940 failed a year ago and they gave me a SPPA1050 . I did n't install it for a year . A day later it failed . It would not connect to the line . It would beep when I pushed talk but nothing else . If I disconnected it for a period of time -LCB- overnight -RCB- it would work for about five minutes . I returned it and they sent me another . I do n't use it that much , so I do not know when it failed . But yesterday it was doing the same as the other SPPA1050 . I had it for one month . I never checked the recording capability or any other functions . An update , I got my third 1050 last week . After three days , my first time using it , it stopped transmitting my voice . I went to another phone to finish . When I picked up the 1050 it would n't connect to the line , only beeped . Then unknown to me it would turn the answering machine on . After loosing trust in it . I pulled the plug and Sony wants to send me a forth . Sony support has been good but the equipment or the repair of is very low .
 This was a very bad choice . The phone would not hold a charge . I sent it back for a refund . I previously had the phone/answering machine and loved it . This phone was remanufactured , my first time with such a product . I will not try another one . Do not waste your time with such a product .
 LI received this unit for a Christmas gift and the batteries did n't last even 3 weeks and I hardly used it ... if it `` eats '' batteries , I WILL be very unhappy , as these button batteries are not exactly cheap!It is quite an innovation ... I love the versatility of the product , but nothing will over come short battery life!I returned it to Radio Shack and they exchanged it readily ... hopefully I just got a lemon in the other one
 Works great except the batteries burn out very , very quickly . Considering it uses watch batteries , that 's way too expensive . Do n't like this product because of that .
 unsatisfactory -- no packageing , instructions , and only 3 loose batteries . Also looks refurbished and not new .
 This product sucks . I bought it a few weeks ago and it ran out of batteries after two days , and , as another reviewer said , the batteries are expensive . And the pen runs out of ink quickly.I would reccommend jumping in a pool of rabid , starved pirrhanas then purchase this disgrace to human intelligence .
 The LED is quite bright at full power and is helpful for finding things in the dark at a short distance -LRB- up ~ 2 meters away -RRB- . The laser pointer is reasonably visible and has a nice range , too . However as stated in previous reviews , this all-in-one 's batteries die out very quickly unless you can find a way to keep its buttons from being depressed while it rides in your pocket . Even if such a precaution is taken , the four batteries do not last long , and new ones can be very expensive , although they can be found online quite cheaply.The same can not be said for the ink tubes , however . The ink tube is tiny and does not last long at all , which is understandable considering that the pen 's barrel has to hold both a stylus and an ink tube . I am a university student who takes about ten pages of notes per day , and I went through the first ink tube in about two weeks . I bought a 2-pack of refills but they were really way too expensive at 8 dollars ; I wish I could have just made my own to save some money ! The ink tubes are expensive online , too ... the amount of money it takes to keep this pen working for a month or two could easily equal or exceed the amount paid for the new pen in the first place -LRB- around 15 bucks in my case -RRB- . The tip of the twist-barrel also became very loose after about a month of use , allowing the heavy end of the pen containing the electronic parts and batteries to wobble constantly while I wrote . It eventually became so loose that when I would twist the pen tube out to write the whole barrel would slip off leaving me with half a pen in each hand.In short , if you have the money and time to replace the ink and batteries in something that should just work when you need it to , you might want to give this a try . If not , save your money for an all-in-one unit that can do just a few things properly and is a much better value , like a pen/stylus , a pencil/pen or an LED flashlight/laser pointer .
 The idea of a 4-in-1 lazer-light-pen-stylus gadget was too good to pass up . Now that novelty is gone , reality is ; poor battery life , marginal construction , pen & stylus get `` stuck '' requiring constant disassembly & coersion . All in all a good idea , but I 'd say pass & save a few dollars & headaches .
 I teach presentation development for a living . And I 'm frugal . So , when I saw a basic product that would do what I needed , for a reasonable price , with no unnecessary bells and whistles , e.g. , a laser pointer , I bought it . Big mistake.I test everything three times in advance to avoid problems when I 'm teaching -- which I did with this product . It worked fine in my small office . When I got to a small conference room filled with clients , it worked well for about 5 minutes . Then the cheap plastic construction kicked in . I 'd press the advance button -- no response . I 'd wait a moment , just in case the PC was processing . No response . Keep pressing . Suddenly , three bullet points -LRB- instead of one -RRB- start appearing on the screen . I took the opportunity to advertise the name of the manufacturer , followed by my `` do not buy '' endorsement , and then substituted a more expensive `` professional '' grade back-up remote , which worked fine for the remainder of the day . -LRB- After the seminar , I promptly stomped this product to pieces in the parking lot -- which accomplished nothing except to make me feel marginally better ... -RRB- If your kids need a toy to play with when using PowerPoint , go with this . Otherwise , if you 're a professional and your reputation depends on things working properly , spend a few more bucks and get a reliable piece of equipment . This ai n't .
 Worth more as recycled plastic ! It is very unstable unless you have two bricks in the top shelf to hold it down . Everything is cheap ! cheap ! except the cost . A shoe box is more functional .
 I ran out of Canon Photo Pro Paper while printing my vacation pics , and had a 20 piece trial pack of the Kodak Ultima Picture Paper that I broke out to try . I printed the same picture on both papers and the Kodak does n't even come close to the quality of the Canon ! Both papers were supposed to be glossy , but the Kodak is almost matte . The Kodak paper also seemed to be more pixellated looking , while the Canon paper is photo lab quality . I do not recommend Kodak Ultima Picture Paper -LRB- unless you are getting it near free , and giving the pictures to someone you do n't really like that much -RRB- .
 I 'm pretty technical -LRB- OK , I 'm a geek -RRB- but after nearly a year , I 'm still tring to figure out how to use this phone . Poor design . No , very , very poor design . Looks good but that 's about it.The battery wo n't stay charged . I bought a new one and only take the phone off the hook when talking -LRB- total talk time less that 1hr/week -RRB- . Still have to switch phones during conversations.Don ' t buy this ! It 's junk .
 I bought this phone on sale thinking I was getting a good deal . I should have looked at why there were so many still in the store . I charged it up over a weekend while waiting for the phone company to connect our line and all I get while I am trying to talk to someone is a shrill buzzing noise . No matter where I walk to in our apartment it still is a loud obnoxious buzz . Also when talking to someone syllables and words are cut off even when scanning for another channel . This is a terrible , terrible phone . I am taking it back and will pay the extra money for a better phone . DO NOT BUY -- Not worth it !!
 I 'm writing this review to warn people not to buy this phone ! I swear the one I got is possessed ! It has really bad noise problems , it answers after 1 ring even though I have it set to answer after 5 , when I have the answering machine part off because it answers after the first ring it turns it 's self on anyways . I ca n't stand this phone and will never ever buy a bell south phone again !!
 I ca n't stand this phone ! The volume level can not be adjusted ... much . And the calls are WAY TOO loud . When I get a buzz to let me know someone is trying to reach me while I 'm on the other line , it 's so loud it makes my ears ring . It 's painful . And I have it set on low -LRB- you can only set it to low , medium and high ... nothing in between -RRB- . After using the phone for about a month -LRB- I got good at holding it away from my ear -RRB- , the calls now are too low to hear . The call intereupt noise is still painfully loud , but the voice on the other end of the line is almost too low to hear . Also , when I receive a call , about 1 in 4 times the handset does n't pick up ... instead it makes an awful screeching sound right in my ear ... I absolutly despise this phone . Today my 11-month-old daughter tossed it into the dog 's water dish ... and killed it . I 'm so happy .
 This phone has useful features and good sound quality -LRB- except message playback on the answering machine -RRB- , but is very hard to use . The button combinations you must push to do simple things like add a number to the phone memory or call a number from the caller ID list baffle me , and I am quite a tech savvy person . I am returning this phone because the display stopped working one day after I set it up , not to mention it 's complete user-unfriendliness .
 I PURCHASED THIS PHONE AND NOW MY BATTERY IS FAULTY AFTER ONLY HAVING IT FOR THREE MONTHS AND TO MY SURPRIZE I CA N'T FIND A REPLACEMENT BATTERY . IT IS A SHAME BECAUSE I LIKED THE DESIGN.SO NOW I AM NOT SURE IF BELL SOUTH IS MY NEXT SELECTION FOR MY FUTURE PHONE .
 Need I say more ? Noise , echo , static . Not user friendly .
 I am a long-time Amazon customer and recently began searching for leathermouse pads as gifts for my employees and our clients . Found this item andjust want to share a note of caution with you : Bonded Leather , or `` Reconstituted Leather '' is not really a true leatherbut a man-made material composed of 60 % to 90 % leather fibers -LRB- often scrapfrom leather tanneries -RRB- . Bonded leather is not as durable as genuineleathers , and is recommended for use only if the product will be usedinfrequently . -LRB- data from WIKIPEDIA online -RRB- There are many true genuine leather mouse pads from other vendors and atbetter prices ! Amazon may also have some , keep searching , but rememberonly the words `` GENUINE LEATHER '' or equal terminology should appear inthe description .
 Got these phones because we have a bad hard wired phone line upstairs in our house . Seemed like a good idea to have all the phones working together on one line . The intercom system seemed like a really neat feature ... any phone can call any other phone.Now for the Good and Bad list . We 'll start with the Good ... a shorter list.Good : - Phones can call each other.-You can send address list or individual number from phone to phone.-Jogdial for entering numbers is wonderfully intuitive . Makes the job easy.-Lighted LCD and numbers ... easy nighttime access.-Privacy is ensured because second handsets ca n't pick up when handset is in use.Bad : - You ca n't use two handsets at once ... only transfer calls between handsets.-Couldn ' t figure out how to get it to automatically dial a 1 before other area codes which required adding 1 to all numbers in address book . Strangely this worked originally but then stopped working . Sony technical support could n't figure it out.-Passing off calls to other phones can be frustrating . You either put your handset on hold and holler to the other person to pick up or you press intercom and call another handset and when they pick up they get the call . This leads to many hangups . Son `` Phone for you . '' Me , `` Got it ... as I press talk '' Son hangs up . Phone , `` Ca n't connect . '' - THE ABSOLUTE DEAL BREAKER - Phone loses its brain . I hit a combination of keys through the course of dialing a number and the phone said it could n't connect . Turning it off and on yielded the same message . Only way to restore it is to `` reset '' which requires removing battery and putting battery back in with phone near base station . In one 15 minute period we had 3 of our 4 phones go down . Sony 's technical support told me `` These are computers and sometimes you need to reset computers . '' Jeesh , I love the features but need a phone that will work and not lock up randomly . These puppies are going back to the store until Sony can figure out how to do it right ... and the Final Killer . We also have a wireless router supplying the internet to all our PCs . We use the 802.11 b system ... the system pretty much everyone uses . The Sony phones interfere with the wireless . We could n't surf the web and talk on the phone at the same time . I have two other 2.4 Ghz phones and a 900Mhz phone and none of them interfere . This is a very serious limitation . 802.11 b is the industry standard and hugely popular . I ca n't believe Sony released a phone that interferes with it .
 Features and sound quality are great , BUT the range I experienced was horrible . I tried moving the base unit around my house but the range never improved . I have a couple of 2-3 year old 900Mhz phones that provide at least 3 times the range of this phone . I also noticed the phone causes nearby radios -LRB- stereo , clock-radio -RRB- to buzz . I love Sony products , but this was one of my worst experiences ever with them .
 ... the item you will recieve is n't the one pictured ... the description list this as a two piece phone ... judging by the picture the roofcomes off revealing the dial pad and the roof serves as the microphone and speaker ... however ... what you get is a ONE PIECE PHONE ... with the whole content of thecar in the palm of your hand ... with the dial pad located on the under carriage ... not anything you ` ld want to have a lengthy conversation on ...
 I 've enjoyed my Sony multi-handset telephone system , but after a year , I found the quality to be miserable . One handset will no longer register to the base unit , and on another handset , some buttons on the keypad no longer work .
 I am a Sony fan but in this case I am making an exception . I completely agree with the other feedbacks regarding the buttons issue.I have been using this phone for almost 3 years and I really like the phone except when the number is not in memory or the other side asks me to push 1 for english ! I just can not get it to dial the 1 , 2 or the 3 buttons .
 As with the other reviewer , both of my satellite phones on this system lost the ability to dial certain numbers . A very limiting situation .
 I recently replaced some old Kodak Premium Photo Paper with this newer - same name product CAT 8360513 . The new paper is terrible . Muted colors and a `` milky '' finish . If you want better results - go with the old CAT 1976463 , or maybe try the High Gloss Ultra Premium -LRB- for a premium price I am sure -RRB- .
 I bought this thinking it would be premium paper . It does n't work . The ink comes off even weeks later . HP Photopaper is much better
 This no way takes the place of their old rolodex . I found it very confusing and too complicated . Instead of trying to be just a name and phone number reference , it was trying to be a psuedo telephone . Screen is way too small , bring back the old one that had a screen of at least 3 '' x 4 '' . Very hard to read . I had to return this disappointed .
 I bought one of these phones -LRB- supposedly refurbished by the manufacturer -RRB- to replace a Southwest Bell phone that we 've owned for 10 years . The new phone started having problems within 2 weeks ! We could hear our neighbor making calls in the middle of our conversation and then would find that neither we or the party we called could converse from that point on . The only way to end the call was to disconnect the phones power - is n't that great ! Yesterday my wife had several calls breakup while she was standing 4 feet away from the phone . Do youself a favor , buy one the other brands out there .
 To me , the most important feature of a cordless phone is it 's clarity.This phone sounds terrible . Static , echo , just plain cheap sounding . I do n't know what else to say . Other than that , it 's a great phone . I mean , it looks like a phone.My house mate has a Uniden model -LRB- discontinued 900 Mhz analogue -RRB- and I have been searching for it 's equal since . That phone is a dream . Honestly , It sounds better than even any hard wired phone I 've been on . When I am on a call , If there is a brief moment of non-conversation , I sometimes think the call has been disconnected because there is absolutely no background noise . I find myself blowing into the mouthpeice to see if I am still powered ! It is that good . i think i will buy a modern Uniden and hope it is as good .
 I bought this cute phone for my daughter to match her Hello Kitty bedroom decor . Within a few months the wings started flickering all of the time , instead of just when the phone rings . The sound quality was terrible . Now the phone does n't work at all and we replaced it with a basic white phone that works great . The phone is cute but should be more for decoration that actual use .
 I purchased this phone from a different retailer for under thirty dollars and was still disappointed at its performance . handset falls off receiver easily . sound quality was always fuzzy but in addition after 3-4 weeks of use all my callers suddenly started sounding really far away . only purchase this if you find it elsewhere for cheaper and hope to use it mostly for decoration .
 I had the previous model of the st louis phone and it lasted awhile and was great , but it quit working and I got this model . Its absolutely worthless ! I can hardly hear when im on the phone with someone . And , the retractable cord would be a great idea if it actually retracted properly and had enough cord to actually retract . There are also little lights in the top , I think they are supposed to work . . they do n't . and they clock seems to work randomly . This is the most unreliable and useless phone I have ever owned . It looks really cool though . They should have spent more time on its funcionality instead of packaging .
 This organizer was a disappointment from the beginning . It is ok , but limited on space for addresses and it resets itself . It also gets dirty easily as the case will not close very well . My advise is spend a little more and get something better .
 The item was defective out of the box . I contacted the company that sent it , but they only have a seven day return policy . I did n't try the unit until after the return time had expired . Amazon may only be the middle man getting buyers and sellers together ; but they should try to filter out sub par companies . I realize that this was not Costco where you can return anything when you are dissatisfied , but having such a short time is not appropriate . I will probably not buy anything through Amazon again .
 This is the second AT&T cordless phone w/caller ID that I 've bought , and I think after this experience , I 'm going to switch to a new brand . Here 's why :1 . When I press the phone button to answer a call , it does n't answer right away . I sit there saying `` hello ? '' for a good 10-20 seconds every time before the connection is made . I checked ; it 's not the phone line .2 . The buttons are too small .3 . You can only store 10 numbers in memory -LRB- my previous model stored 50 -RRB- .4 . Erasing caller ID entries is more complicated then it needs to be . I do n't want to have to press the buttons a million times .5 . Turning off the ringer used to be an option in the menu . Now you have to remember which number key it is.All in all , this phone is much more trouble than it 's worth .
 I purchased this telephone after a series of Uniden phones that broke after any abuse . We own another AT&T phone that has worked fine for about 10 years so I thought this might be more durable . Indeed it may be more durable but that is not the problem.My main issue with this phone is that even at the highest volume level I still can not hear the person at the other end of the phone . Some other problems I have encountered is the programable telephone directory which saves your numbers in alphabetical order . This is fine in theory but if you call someone frequently and their last name begins with a Z , you will spend a lot of time scrolling through the directory . In addition , there does not appear to be any way to call someone back from caller ID if they are calling long distance . The caller ID displays the area code and number and there is no way to add a 1 to the number to return the call.I think that I would have been better off buying a series of Uniden phones that I could have at least used .
 I have had this phone for less than a year and have had nothing but problems with it since I 've had it . First , it takes forever to answer . Then , it does n't even charge right . So you put the phone on the charger overnight , thinking you 'll be able to use it in the morning ... but no such luck because it only charges when it feels like it . The base of my phone is completely useless . At this point I ca n't get my phone to charge at all . This was the worst money that I 've ever spent . I might as well get a cup and some string to talk on !!!!
 I 've owned 3 AT&T phones in this line , 2 of which are the 9345 model , the other is the same phone but with the answering machine base and all 3 have had problems within the first 2 years . The screen begins to fade after about a year of regular use , which renders the caller ID and directory completely useless as the numbers become illegible . Contacting AT&T is a joke , as they only issue a standard email telling you to refer to your user manual or the FAQ on their website , neither of which address the fading caller ID screen . The cust service phone number is equally frustrating , as you get only recorded responses and can not speak to a representative . The final straw with the last phone came when I found that callers could hear me , but I could not hear them . Between the ridiculously short life of its most appealing features -LRB- caller ID and 50 number storage -RRB- and the utter lack of customer service , I have decided that the quality AT&T used to be famous for is now sorely lacking and I will never purchase another of their phones . Save your money and do some research on other brands !!!
 I know that since the break-up of Ma-Bell , nobody takes any time to design phones for comfort or useabilility , but it seems to me that the designers of this phone went out of their way to make it as uncomfortable as possible . I 've had it out of the box for about an hour now , and its going right back where it came from . Pass this one by !
 This cordless phone from the beginning was trouble to handle and work the buttons , too small , features too complicated and now the entire unit does not work at all . The buttons were the first to jam , then the CID unit got scrambled and now does not work . Sometimes , it would take too long to answer or drop calls . I will now try another brand . I have gone through Lucent , AT&T , GE , Uniden and Panasonic and all these cordless phones have not fared well . Cordless phones need better technology . I now will go back to a corded phone for sturdiness and reliability but miss the cordless convenience !
 This is the second vendor I have seen selling this exact with a misleading advertisement . The entire page indicates you are buying a `` Box of 12 '' , but when you attempt to purchase one item , you get a singe pen.Be very careful of these types of vendors .
 I had it for about six months and was never impressed . The sound was consistently poor and the battery had a short life before needing recharge . After six months it stopped working altogether . It 's the last AT&T product I buy for a long time .
 I loved my old Southwestern Bell 25 MHz phone -LRB- trimline shape and size , but cordless -RRB- , but after quite a few years , the buttons were wearing out . I bought this phone after carefully reviewing the reviews , the product description , etc. . On paper , this phone looked good , but actually , it was pretty bad . All reception sounded fuzzy , even after two phone calls to AT&T for customer support . All AT&T could offer was to suggest I move closer to the base -LRB- I was standing right next to it -RRB- , unplug my modem -LRB- I did and that did n't help -RRB- , confirm that I was n't next to a TV tower -LRB- I 'm at least three miles away from the closest tower -RRB- , and come up with any other they could think of to prove the problem was me and not the phone . Ultimately , I was told by customer support that something was indeed wrong withthe phone , but this is a discontinued model , they do n't repair it and I should return it to the vender from whom I purchase it . So , bottom line , I 've returned it and am , once again , looking for a new phone .
 I have owned the phone for one year . The part you speak into went dead . I can not locate customer service anywhere on internet or at mall . ATT Automatic answering machine hung up on me twice after waiting 2 hours . Not worth the investment . Buy a better phone from another company that has people answering the phone .
 This is the worst phone I have ever purchased ! The one you are talking to can hear you and there is no static - BUT - even turning the volume up all the way - it 's extremely hard to hear them > I will never buy an AT&T phone again ! I am now buying another Sony - I should have done this from the beginning .
 The Miami Basic telephone has a wonderful art deco appearance . As an accent piece it is truly unique . When receiving telephone calls , the reception is excellent . Unfortunately , if you wish to make a call , the numbers are barely visable . If you never have the need to call out , this is a great telephone .
 The phone does work . I had a lot of difficulty setting it up . I could not view all the instructions on the computer , configuration was off . I am not sure if that was my fault or not but I 've never had problems before with other software . Every time you want to make a call you have to open up your skype contacts . Once I set it up I could not receive email.I eventually got bumped out and so I am going to buy another phone . I also tried contacting their support line . They tried to help but with the language barrier , they could not understand what I was trying to say and kept repeating the same instructions over & over . Useless for me . : -LRB-
 I ca n't say this phone did n't work ; it does . but once you go into `` contacts '' you can not dial a phone # directly w/o going back into skype itself and changing tabs in the software . Which ; when using the buttons on the phone to navigate , locked up one me a few times.If all you do is call skype contacts ; then it 's probably OK ; but if you 're like me who calls a lot of other # 's -- it 's near useless.I returned this phone and went back to my $ 9.50 skype phone which works a heck of a lot better - feels better in my hand too .
 The Spirit of St. Louis Top Bell Phone that I received was not new but old and used . I returned it and to date have not received a refund . I would NEVER buy from thuis cvendor again , nor would I advise anyone else to do business with .
 Caution , the paper is listed as high glossy . I was disappointed when I received it and found that it was not high glossy as advertised , but satin . Now that I read the fine print it does say satin . Would be nice if the description was correct ! Also , it was sent in a box that was too small and the corners were bent . Not what I wanted to find on nearly a dollar a sheet paper . This was however my first problem with Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- after many purchases .
 I just returned this product.It made of plastic ; not as sturdy as I thought . It 's way over priced and does n't function as well as I expected it to be .
 These phones might be more stylish , but the sound quality on this phone is extremely poor . I am shopping for new phones because I am tired of people not being able to hear me on the phone ! Unless you like yelling into the phone so that the other end can barely hear you , I would n't waste your time with these phones .
 I 've had this phone/clock for about a year . While I like the compact design , the actual performance left something to be desired . The clock sometimes `` gets stuck '' after the alarm goes off and then the clock time is off by several minutes . I had to double check the time every night before I went to bed to make sure the time was correct . The display is too bright for a night stand , even on the low light setting . The caller id indicator flashes if you do n't review the new calls . It is very annoying to have a light flashing when you are tryijng to go to sleep . I had to put tape over it ... Last but not least , the alarm sound was not pleasant to wake up to . I bought a new cd/clock radio that I am very happy with and I am going to get simple phone with no flahing lights . I would not recommend this product if you like to sleep in a dark room .
 There 's really only one problem with this phone but it is a big one . When you set the alarm time it is very easy to mess up the current time . Every other time I set up a new alarm time the current time messes up and the alarm ends up going off an hour early or an hour later than I expect it to -LRB- this occurs despite the fact that I am aware of the problem and very careful when I set the times -RRB- . The phone does have 2 alarms and if you are going to set the alarms once and then never adjust them it would be a fine phone . For me , this is not the case and I am in the proceess of finding a replacement for it .
 While initially happy with this product , after about 18 months , the illuminated display became dim , making it very hard to see at night -LRB- which was the point of buying this -RRB- . The LCD worked OK . Warranty is only for a year , so I 'm out of luck . When I find something else with similar capabilities , I 'll be buying that and putting this in my growing collection of old phones .
 I agree with the other reviewer who said the time `` gets stuck '' . In one night , the clock became 45 mintues slow , causing me to wake up too late to catch my train . The time was accurate when I went to bed 7 hours earlier . While it is stuck , I noticed the colon in the time display blinks extremely slowly , and none of the buttons would respond . That is , I could not set an alarm , view the calls on the ID , or fix the time . I had to unplug it and quickly plug it back in to get it `` unstuck '' . This has happened to me on several occasions while I 've owned this phone this past year , but never has it caused me to be this late before . I 'm going to write to GE to see if I can get some compensation.I also agree about the flashing caller ID light . It is very bright . I saw the reflection of it on my ceiling , and I kept trying to close my blinds . I could n't figure out where it was coming from ! It was so annoying!As a phone with caller ID , it works just as it should . Just do n't count on this to wake you up or display accurate time .
 I ordered this item a couple of weeks ago . It arrived in a torn box and damaged . The top of the desk had been screwed on several times and the stripped screws had fallen out along the way . There were only two left in the bottom of the box . I contacted the seller and they asked that I return it . I did and filed a claim with amazon . My claim was rejected because the item was n't sent back in the `` original packaging '' . I sent it back the way I got it . And it was well within 30 days if not 15 days from the day I purchased it . Amazon has done nothing to help .
 After much searching I found and settled on this product . It looked perfect for my mobile workstation needs . It seemed a good buy especially with free shipping for such a large item . However when I took it out of the box new both the right and left latches were broken in shipment . I opened it up to take a closer look . The latches are made of cheap , thin and poorly molded plastic . The unit is not self standing without the latches snapped into place . The latches are load bearing . The unit will collapse and fall over without the latches secured . I leaned it against a wall so that it would stand . I looked at the frame and determined it would be easy to remove and replace the latches . This would be easier , faster and cheaper for everyone in most cases to get replacement parts sent out . I tried to email the customer service email in the Balt brochure . It was a dead address . I tried using the contact form on the Balt web site . It was broken and would not submit . I called the toll free number and was told that NO replacement parts will be provided whatsoever for this model . They told me the only option was to get the seller to send me a replacement . I called the Amazon seller &#34; Wayfair &#34; directly . They were very nice . They told me to keep the broken unit and then sent me another . The second unit was broken in exactly the same way as the first . The unit is very poorly padded in the shipping box . I 'd be certain that most of these will arrive broken like mine were . I tried again with Balt two more times to get parts . They will not provide parts . I am certain that even if I got replacement latches that they would break again if you opened , closed and transported the workstation much at all . It is a defective design and the manufacturer is intransigent in its failure to address this problem . It is too bad as this otherwise looks like a very unique and useful item . Now I have two free but broken workstations . The way that it is designed it will be very tricky to try to invent a solution to latch the unit open short of put vice grip pliers on each side of the frame . You can find better quality rolling units at Walmart for 1/3 of the price .
 I ca n't review this item and tell you how comfortable it was to work at , how easily it fit into the small space it was intended for , or advise you as to how conveniently it folded and unfolded as needed . I ca n't do this because it arrived BROKEN ... a complete disaster ... a hot mess !! . I do n't mean a missing screw hear or there ... 2 of the 3 shelves were not connected to the unit . There as a `` bite '' taken out of one side of it , it was so broken that I was unable to even open it up to sample how it would look in my house . I 'm very disappointed . This is not what I have come to expect from Amazon .
 I 'm an addict of Sony products , I ca n't buy any electronic other than Sony but this will be the last phone that I ever buy from them . I 've bought 3 cordless phones from Sony at different times and I am convinced that they DO NOT know how to make a phone with quality reception.The features and the look are always very nice and they 're all sturdy and durable but they lack the most important part
 ... P > The features and the look are always very nice and they 're all sturdy and durable but they lack the most important part
 This shredder works fine but it has a very small shredded paper receptacle requiring constant emptying . The unit is ok if you just have a small amount of shredding to do each month .
 When I first bought this phone I loved it and went out and bought another one just like it , but with an answering machine too . The reception was perfect , but now a year later the caller ID screens on both of them no longer work at all . Very poor quality and durability for a Sony .
 Very disappointed in this phone 's performance . Its reception , if not in the same room as the base unit , was poor . From the start the battery life while in use was too short . If you plan on making many calls in one day , or one long call , this is not the phone for you . The battery would not hold a charge after only 7 months of use . Bought a new battery , and then found the charger in the base had failed . No longer under warranty and cost prohibitive to repair . Had to buy a new phone . First , and only , bad Sony product that I have ever owned .
 At first I was thrilled with my new phone . Then the battery life declined , then the deleting of phone calls on the ID got annoying then the charger decided that it just did n't want to work anymore . By then the warranty wore out and having it fixed was not cost effective . My advice , take a couple steps up or down the Sony price ladder of it 's a Sony you want .
 I am a long-time Amazon customer and recently began searching for leathermouse pads as gifts for my employees and our clients . Found this item andjust want to share a note of caution with you : Bonded Leather , or `` Reconstituted Leather '' is not really a true leatherbut a man-made material composed of 60 % to 90 % leather fibers -LRB- often scrapfrom leather tanneries -RRB- . Bonded leather is not as durable as genuineleathers , and is recommended for use only if the product will be usedinfrequently . -LRB- data from WIKIPEDIA online -RRB- There are many true genuine leather mouse pads from other vendors and atbetter prices ! Amazon may also have some , keep searching , but rememberonly the words `` GENUINE LEATHER '' or equal terminology should appear inthe description .
 I placed an order for this scale and despite saying it 's `` in stock '' the vendor sent an email saying they expected it to ship in about 2 weeks . I heard nothing for over a month and finally got another message that it would be several more weeks . They kept trying to talk me into buying the 20 lb . scale . If I could have gotten by with a 20 lb . scale , that 's what I would have ordered . Finally cancelled my order and obtained scale through another supplier for about $ 5 more . This vendor should not advertise in-stock if an item is n't .
 Unless you want this product to last longer than 3 months , I would not recommend you order it . Even tho ' I read the review , I still thought I 'd give it a try for the price . I should have listened to the reviewer . It is comfortable and I like it BUT it just does n't hold up to daily use in the office . The gel has been oozing out after 3 months use and I have tried to figure out how to fix it to no avail . Very disappointing !!!
 Ordered this desk tray because of the picture and description . I was looking for a dark stained oak to match my desk . What arrived did n't look anything like the picture . It was unstained oak with a poly coating . Very light in color . Item was labeled as the correct part number .
 The sticker remains intact on the keyboard keys but the letters have rubbed off . I 'm disappointed in the purchase . If i knew it was so temporary , I would have opted for an even cheaper set of stickers .
 Lock it up ? Right . When this package arrives in the mail , you 'll get a box full of pieces and screws . Nothing in this manufacturer 's description even remotely implies that you 'll need a carpenter with a power screwdriver to put this `` storage cabinet '' together . `` Some assembly required . '' Please . Get ready for a full day 's project of sorting out packs of screws , pieces of wood , locks , latches , brackets , shelves . I 'd rather pay return shipping than spend another minute sorting through this rubble .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife . Instructions that came with product are confusing and unclear . Took a long time to find buttons on screen mentioned in instructions . Important things like the menu button hard to find , and although have had product for a few weeks still have n't found menu button on some screens . Lighting is very poor very hard to read screens output . Letters are large enough for the most part but lighting to poor to read.Functionality is fine if you can see results . Overall , expected a little better product.Synchronizing only works with Outlook not with outlook express.I am still considering returning .
 I purchased this in hopes of being updated in my calendar . After opening it and hoping to connect with my computer , the device comes with an outdated 5 pin connecter and the quality of this item was equal to my four year olds toys . The plastic is cheap and the product reflects this . I contacted the seller who told me they do not accept any returns . What are the odds of someone not accepting any returns when they sell electronics . This product is aweful .
 Only had a month so far and the screen is already illegible . I am can not read most of it . Not worth the money .
 I found this a very complicated set-up . Since my old Sharp organizer is still working , I 'm continuing to use it . Will tackle the new one again when I have to .
 This product was purchased to help a student with organization . It arrived minus a stylus and with a previous user 's data still on it . An e-mail to the vendor yielded a form response and no help . A follow-up e-mail produced the stylus some four weeks after delivery of the Organizer . Of the product itself , the display is dark and hard to read , and the alarm for the to-do list is all or nothing . One can not set the alarm for selected events - something that was not clear from the description . Furthermore , documentation shows a procedure for setting the alarm that includes tapping a symbol that does n't exist on the display . A request for help on the Sharp site , has yet to provide any assistance two weeks later . Poor buying experience and disappointing unit . Recommend spending more and getting a unit with better features and from a different manufacturer .
 I had great expectations for this item but I found it awkward and unfriendly to use . What a dissapointment .
 I have an old Sharp organizer that I have happily used since 1998 . My husband had its twin , and recently lost it . So , I picked this up as a replacement . Because mine has a nice calendar display it never occurred to me that this unit 's `` scheduler '' as advertised on the blister pack did n't include a calendar . I probably spent half an hour trying to `` find '' a calendar and found the unit easy to use and a pretty self explanatory manual . But , I certainly would find it more useful with a calendar . Anyone else miss this feature ? Or , better yet , anyone else find a hidden calendar ?
 i have 3 + phone numbers for many of my friends , but this organizer only lets me enter two of them . plus , after you enter the phone # , it does n't let you type `` cell '' or `` work '' or `` home '' or anything to let you know which # it is ! for $ 19 i wo n't complain too much , and it 's nice to have as a backup in case my other organizer fails me for some reason , but i was hoping for a bit more capabilities .
 The product works . Just not for what I need . Would I recomend ? Nope . It is a very low dollar product and works as such.The salvation Army just got it for a donation .
 Like a similar Sharp item I ordered and received , this is a piece of junk . To make matters worse , after the package has been opened , the item can not be returned for credit -- other than opening and attempting use of the product can a person determine its usefulness ?
 I liked this product a lot - at least the idea of it with less of a price tag . Unfortunately , you get what you pay for in this case.The stylus will 9 times out of 10 bring up the letter next to the one you are trying to use , the phone book is set up weird , the appointments/memos start in date order and the format of them are odd . There 's not much room to write . You constantly need to switch between numbers and letter keyboards and it just gets to be a pain by the end of entering 1 contact or appointment . The translater is a little hard to use - sometimes it wo n't bring up words or it will bring up a completely different word that has those letters in it . I would definitely not rely on it if that 's a reason you 're getting this productThe only thing I use it for anymore is the pedometer and the games . I would have to say - go ahead and pay a little more with something that is better quality .
 If all you want is a phone list this is the item for you . BUT if you are interested in adding addresses this organizer lacks ! It only allows you to input addresses as oneliners which means you have to scroll to read the complete address . I would not buy this again .
 This was not up to Sharp 's standards . I ca n't get it to do anything like put an address in and keep it . Read the instructions several time and ca n't get it to work .
 This is a good organizer for someone who is in middle or high school . Or maybe even for someone who loses things easily so does not want to spend a lot of money on an actual palm . Its okay for what it is but it did not fit my needs . I ended up having to buy an actual palm and I gave this organizer to my little sister to play with .
 THE ADAPTER TO ALLOW IT TO CONNECT TO MY UBS PORT COST TWICE AS MUCH AS THE UNIT
 Hello Amazon , I wish I could say that this used item fulfilled the claims by the seller . However , it had missing parts and was dusty all over . I do n't know if it works because the batteries were dead . The seller claimed he used it 3 months and it was in `` very good condition . '' Amazon returned my payment and shipping , standing behind their guarantee . After Amazon paid the seller 's bill , he showed up and had the refund charged to his account . This is not a good report , but Amazon made it right . I appreciate Amazon and I will purchase from them again even though sellers do n't always tell the truth.Rob JNashville
 I purchased two of these about three years ago and gave one to my mother . We use them every once in a while . I later replaced the batteries , and when I turned the units on , I noticed parts of the numbers and letters were missing . Needless to say , this is very upsetting ! So I 'm warning you , if you have one , you better get a back-up before it 's too late .
 i AM STILL WAITING FOR DELIVERY . pLEASE CONTACT YOUR VENDOR OR CANCEL ORDER . DO NOT CHARGE MY ACCOUNT .
 I ORDERED THIS BECAUSE i WAS STARTING A AT HOME POSITION AND PAID FOR 2 DAY SHIPPING AND IT SAID IT WAS LIKE NEW THE DAMN THING DIDNT EVEN WORK !!! SO DISAPPOINTED THAT I PAID EXTRA SHIPPING GOT THE PHONE AND IT DIDNT WORK I ENDED UP GOING TO OFFICE MAX BUYING PHONE AND PAYING 3 TIMES COST WHEN U SEE A GOOD BUY NOT ALWAYS A GOOD TRADE OFF WOULDNT RECOMMEND
 The phone has excellent sound quality but I was very disappointed that it only has three speed dial numbers - It has 8 extension buttons that I will never use since it is for my home office . They should have reversed the buttons , 10 speed dials and 3 extensions.It lacks an answering machine that my last 2 line phone had . When I purchased it I just assumed that it had a built in answering machine -LRB- my mistake for not reading the features list on the box -RRB- .
 I got one of these phones about a year ago . It is a little big , a few too many options , but I thought it would be OK . The first thing I noticed is it does n't light up when a line is in use . I let that go . It took awhile before I noticed it would drop any calls put on Hold . Then the Intercom light comes on and beeps for no reason . Now all the EXT lights on the right side keep flashing.I gave it two stars because it still works -LRB- after a WHOLE year - sarcasm -RRB- , but lined phones are not new technology . They should n't have this many unexplainable problems . Maybe I should give it one star !
 Have to bend over to see the caller ID - Which is not lit when a call comes in . It would be nice to just glance at the phone . I do n't like the variety of ring tones .
 The KX-TS3282 works fine ; that 's the good news . The buttons are labeled well enough , the speakerphone works OK , etc. . But gee whiz , Panasonic , the design looks like it 's from the 80s
 The Panasonic KX-TS3282B was unacceptable to me because it lacked some very basic features that I am surprised the manufacturer missed . The KX-TS328B is a 2 line phone with caller ID capability . However , I was shocked to learn there is no light in the caller ID window so the user can see the incoming number in the window . Therefore , the user is required to use external lighting to view information in the window . In addition , as a desk phone , the instrument lies very flat on a desk top requiring the user to look down on the keyboard when making or answering calls . Having the face of the phone -LRB- numbers and caller ID window -RRB- on an angle would make it easier to use the phone from a sitting position . It may seem these problems are small inconveniences . However , if one is making and/or answering 20 or 30 calls a day , the this phone presents a problem . There are other problems with the phone . However , these two problems are directly responsible for my returing the product and purchasing a different phone that is more `` user friendly '' . Livingston S. Francis
 There is no display light in the caller ID panel . I read the reviews and was aware of it not being there but had no idea how poorly the display was so uinreadable . Terrible waste of money for the huge inconvenience of this badly designed sysytem . Othereise the phones works all right.Dr J Dallas , TX
 I am very disappointed with the product and product support . I bought the units primairly for the intercom capability and can not get all four to communicate with each other -LRB- only three -RRB- I have been E-mailing and talking with Panasonic almost daily with no success . The individuals that I deal with appear to be reading from a script after you tell them the problem . If I still had the boxes I would return them . Very frustrating . I paid for a telephone wiring technican to inspect all the lines which check out OK . The telephones work fine . If you can help my case number is 29555167 . A dissaatisfied customer
 I purchased this item in July and today the display screen is just blank !! Poor quality or some sort of manufacturing defect !
 The physical quality of the phone is good . My major complaint with this phone is that everyone tells me my voice cuts in and out when I am on the speakerphone talking . I have to get down right next the the mic and even then it is not that good . Most of my time is spent on conference calls , I was really looking forward to this working right , but when I have to speak I need to pick up the handset if I want to ensure that I am heard correctly .
 I had to replace my old AT&T ; 962 and wanted to use a headset with the new phone . After researching for weeks I ordered the Panasonic KX-TS3282B . As soon as I unboxed the parts I noticed the handset was very bulky and felt like I was holding a shoe against my face . After connecting the phone to power I was disappointed to see there was no image on the display and none of the lights such as speakerphone , line1 , or line2 would light . It would ring but was obnoxious . I suspect a bad power supply , so I returned the unit.Recommend an AT&T ; 993 . Speakerphone sounds great and the handset is comfortable talking for hours .
 I was fairly satisfied with this phone until I had to re-arrange my office and move my phone . Once I moved it and then tried to reconnect it , I no longer had LCD functionality or speakerphone functionality.I looked on their website and this is what it said on their FAQ : Problem : No caller ID information receivedDoes the LCD screen on the handset show anything?NoYour telephone is defective and needs to be sent in for serviceSince it is on their FAQ I would assume this is a common problem . In trying to exchange my phone they were insistent that I send my phone in first so they could look at it and then refurbish it / exchange it . Since I use this phone for my home office this was problematic for me.I would not recommend this product . I personally will not by Panasonic again due to the quality of customer support -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- that I received .
 This phone was junk and returned it . It was not what I expected as a business phone . Panasonic can do much better .
 I received this phone and the Receiver/Handset was not working and I was unable to get a replacement for it . The customer service is terrible , as I believe Panasonic does not support this model anymore.I received this phone and the mouthpiece on the handset has never worked.I decided to try and replace the handset but nobody sells the part , so I was essentially stuck with a `` paperweight '' . As stated the mouthpiece of the handset has never worked . The user can hear the person on the other end but the person on the other end can not hear the user . The phone has never worked and I could not find a replacement part .
 Like others here I 'm wishing I had read the reviews . I saw how many 5 's there were and read the product description . I 'm astounded that the phone has -LRB- a -RRB- no message indicator for voicemails ; -LRB- b -RRB- no indicator light when one of the other lines is in use -LRB- so if I pick up the phone and start dialing I may well be interfering with someone else talking on the line in the house -RRB- ; -LRB- c -RRB- no backlight on a display that is difficult to read even in decent light - especially because the phone angle is so low that I have to change positions -LRB- almost stand , leaning over the phone -RRB- in order to use the display . I assumed these three items would be standard issue . I do love the sound quality - I record webinars and I 'm probably going to keep the phone for awhile only because the sound quality with the headset jack is so good . -LRB- Hence a 2 star rather than 1 -RRB- .
 This stool is essentially an enlarged bicycle seat . Contrary to the product description , there is NO back support . The company I work for -LRB- a large website named after a river -RRB- requires its fulfillment center employees with desk jobs to use these stools . Since I am short and my feet do n't touch the floor , I have a specially made step stool on which to rest my feet . How 's that for high-tech ? These stools are a nightmare
 Greetings , the Safco Taskmaster is only good as an item to lean against . Using this pseudo-stool as a chair at a workstation can be dangerous due to the teeth that hold the seat to the frame can bend and have broken at the facility I work at . Namely amazon.com 's Newcastle distribution center . Due to certain ergonomic issues sitting at a taskmaster for prolonged periods will reduce productivity . While increasing risk of lower back injury . There are many good choices for seating at an elevated workstation but this item is not one of them .
 I am a Pharmacist ... and some nitwit bought these `` chairs '' to sit on ina pharmacy I work in a couple of days a week.I also , gladly to say , have a round wooden stool . . yes the 10 dollarvariety to sit on also . Believe me , I sit on the stool and try to keepthis awkward piece of hardware out of my way so that I cant bumpinto it . If you gave me one of these things I would not want it .
 Despite this being the ugliest chair on Amazon I decided to purchase it hoping that it would be the perfect companion to my standing desk . It is n't , unless it 's meant to make me stand , a task it is great at accomplishing.I literally slide off the chair when I sit on it . I 'm trying to figure out who designed something so stupid . However since tigersupplies took 2 weeks to ship the damn thing I can barely walk and this piece of crap serves as a convenient way to sit for at least 15 seconds at a time . I initially thought , `` hey a luxury stool that costs more than the desk ... This must be good ! '' . Boy was I wrong : -LRB-
 I am usually a big fan of Panasonic products but this telephone is disappointing . I have had it for a number of years now and here are my main complaints : - The display is hard to read because it is not backlit and the contrast can not be fine-tuned very well . It is either too much or too little . The display part also does not tilt , so depending on the light in the room the user will have to make an effort to see the display at a suitable angle . - There are only three buttons to store frequently dialed numbers . Way too few ! - Scrolling through the display to find a number is tedious and not user-friendly . - There is also no way to delete all received calls from the list at once -LRB- at least I have n't found it -RRB- . I have sat at this phone forever to delete these one after another after another ... I do not like this phone and wish I had paid better attention when buying . I can only recommend to anyone looking for a new phone to make a list of all the features they want and then check thoroughly whether the model in question has all of them . I did n't and ended up with this phone which annoys me daily ...
 The LCD display sucks . The display does not seem to have any kind of backlight . All the extension flash until you assign them a number even if you have no extensions . According to Panasonic the phone should have a backlight . This is the second phone I am going to return .
 Other reviewers have already addressed the lack of backlighting on the Panasonic KX-TS3282 phone 's LCD screen -LRB- I have to use a gooseneck lamp to compensate with the phone propped up at a 45 degree angle -RRB- and the omission of a switch -LRB- instead of being forced to plug and unplug the fragile 2.5 mm connection -RRB- between the handset and the optional headset . Instead , I need to discuss Panasonic 's design failure to include all calling and receiving methods in the battery backup wiring , and the failure of their user manual to explain.The user manual on page 9 only makes it clear that during an AC power outage you can still use the handset to make or receive calls -LRB- but not use the intercom -RRB- . However deeply buried on the 3rd page of troubleshooting guidelines -LRB- page 66 -RRB- is the remark that during a power failure , you ca n't use the headset . I make and receive virtually 100 % of my calls using a headset to keep my hands free for keyboard notetaking and internet lookups , and 100 % of all the power outages I 've had were total surprises . So I did some testing , on two separate KX-TS3282 phones.My testing revealed that the battery backup system is not wired to prevent a call from being dropped during these cases
 LED is not back-lit , so it can not be read , especially when mounted on wall . Therefore , the unit can not be programed . Phone is being returned .
 I purchased this phone to replace an existing 2-line AT&T ; wall phone . However , I never took this phone out of the box because the instructions stated that you had use the AC power supply . A call to Panasonic support confirmed this.It would have helped if Panasonic had mentioned that AC was required -LRB- unless you want to constantly replace the backup batteries -RRB- . Unfortunately , there is no electrical outlet anywhere near the phone 's location . -LCB- Even if there was an outlet , who wants a power cord hanging down the wall ? -RCB-
 This phone was listed with LCD features but not suitable for my needs.It was shipped by Beach Audio.Contacted Beach to convey my disappointment and return the telephone.I was required to go through ridiculous red tape procedures plus $ 10.20 shipping and `` required insurance '' I purchased this phone on Nov 17 , 2003 and returned it on Nov. 23,2003 . My visa was originally billed for $ 94.85 including shipping & handling.I paid a total of $ 105.50 . Until I called today there was no credit on my Visa.BeachAudio is allowing me $ 79.52 . This is highway robbery .
 This is the first Panasonic product I ever considered a bad design . Forget the display . Without Hubble eyes , perfect lighting and angle you wont see squat.Line2 / data only sends data from Line2 of L1/L2 jack . An answering machine connected to that port -LRB- as shown in the manual -RRB- will only take calls on line 2 . Almost useless.Panasonic help will give you the wrong part number for a workaround line splitter adapter from Radio Shack but , will not send one to you.Talk on line 2 , get a call waiting , switch hook -LRB- like every other phone in the universe -RRB- to take caller # 2 . Phone switches to line 1 , disconnects both callers on line 2 . Phone w/caller ID does not flash indicating that a call came thru.Like the other reviews I 've read , the number of speed dial buttons is only 3 . Not very useful.The few nice features it has are overshadowed by the shortcomings and not worth the money .
 Very nice phone with lots of fetures . We had trouble using the phone with our T-mobile home phone service . We ended up returning the product . Probably would have worked well with other phone service .
 I recently purchased two of these phones for my office to replace two very disapointing GE models , as soon as I had them set up , I immediately bought a third for my home . It might seem to be a minor detail , but even the batteries were included . The hands free feature is excellent , programming is a snap and fairly customisable , the intercom is great , it 's expandable up to eight extensions , great sound quality all around . I hope that panasonic will make a cordless model that is compatible with this system .
 I was having trouble with my AT&T 2-line phone . There was an annoying hum in the background on only Line 1 . An AT&T repairman came out and checked all my lines and he said it was the phone . He said that AT&T phones were junk and that I should buy a Panasonic phone , `` they 're the best . '' I purchased this phone and hooked it up and low and behold ... there was now an annoying buzz on BOTH lines , loader than on my junky AT&T phone . All I want to do is conduct my home business with clarity on my phonelines . Is that too much to ask ? DO NOT BUT THIS PHONE because you will be putting it right back in the box like I did . Now I do n't know where to turn . UGHH !
 This is the first `` talking '' translator I have purchased . I have been using another Lingo translator for 8 years and have been generally pleased with it.The Voyager 3 has a small increase in available vocabulary and uses the same entry modes as the previous version . Lookup of a word seems a bit quicker . These are all positives.However , the unit I received had the volume control turned all the way up and when I processed my first entry , the audio was very loud and extremely distorted . I immediately reduced the volume to the lowest level at which I could hear the word being pronounced , but the distortion was still present although somewhat reduced making the audio difficult to understand . I do n't know whether this problem occurs on all units of this model or just the one I purchased . I plan to return this one under warrantee and see what happens.I would recommend that prospective purchasers stick with non-talking versions of Lingo products . If you do buy one make sure that the volume is all the way down before powering up the unit for the first time . The initial excessive volume setting may have damaged my unit on first use.The day Lingo received my warrantee card & complaint letter , a representative called on the phone and offered me either a full refund or warrantee service . I am returning the unit for service , but wanted to post about Lingo 's concern and quick response.Received the unit back yesterday with a note from the technician that said , `` We checked the sound and its the same on all TTV 's . '' However , the audio does seem improved a bit . Although still present , it is not objectionable on all languages except Chinese . -LRB- Chinese is an inflected language and the proper tones on the vowels is important . -RRB- My wife , a native Chinese speaker says she can now understand words pronounced by the female speaker , but still not by the male speaker.I would now upgrade the rating to 3-stars .
 I purchased this product through Amazon when it first came out for the full retail price - it may be a better deal at today 's reduced price , but I am generally sorry I purchased the unit and believe I could have purchased something else more suitable . The unit was delivered by Ace Photo - Definitely DO NOT recommend them ! I contacted Amazon to let them know my unit did n't work correctly and they sent an email to Ace on my behalf asking them to contact me - they did n't . I sent an email directly to them - no response!The audio on my unit is virtually unintelligable - even in English -LRB- and I speak some Spanish and can not understand that either -RRB- The speech feature on this unit is worthless - very poor quality tinny speaker . Forget it if you do n't know the language - you 'd never understand the word even with the earpeice.The unit is in a cheap plastic case -LRB- which does n't appear very durable -RRB- . I expected for almost $ 300 , that it would be metal or at least somewhat solid.The setup is confusing and the instructions were not written by a native English speaker . I am not sure my unit is functioning correctly , but ca n't really figure it out because of the confusing instructions.The unit does n't stay in the leather case and will come out easily . There are also pockets in the case but the Lingo fits so snuggly , they really are n't useable . I tried to put the `` quick instructions '' sheet in the carrier and even it does n't fit . It 's a nice case with a magnetic strap that will go a long ways in protecting the fragile unit though.On the plus side and the only reason I did n't give this unit 1 star is that it does have a lot of words in all languages and although somewhat cumbersome to operate -LRB- and you ca n't even put 2 of your own words together - all phrases are preset -RRB- . It has helped me in several situations where I needed a word or a phrase . The phrases I might are also not easy to use - you have to scroll through them to find what you want . However one very positive note is they are linked to a word you want to look up - that 's how I ususally start - by translating one word.Bottom line - This is a very cheaply built unit . I would NOT recommend this unit to a friend . You can get better for less money.UPDATE ... I just returned from South America and am downgrading this product to 1 star and would go 0 stars if they had a catagory . You can not find tenses - try to find `` went '' or `` was '' in Spanish . The vocab is very limited.It also eats batteries even when switched off . They last about 3 days . I started removing them and only putting them in when I wanted to check for a word.Also on the speaking part . I have a freind who grew up in China and speaks limited English listen to various words . I did n't show him the word or tell him beforehand but he could not understand one word out of about 20 we tried and he has been speaking Chinese for over 40 years as his first language . If you were trying to have someone listen to a word because you could not pronounce it - it would also be wortless . Again ... . do n't waste your money . I found a little Berlitz Spanish dictionary much more useful on my trip .
 This product is a joke . The spoken words are unrecognizable in Russian . I took it with me to Russia recently , tried it on the plane and that was the last time it came out of the box . I had to use a regular old paper travel dictionary with english pronunciation . This lingo machine is computer talking at it 's worst . Too fast to understand , etc. etc. . I ca n't even bother to write more - just do n't waste your money if you want a translator that helps you hear and speak the Russian language - this one wo n't do it .
 I would not recommned to buy the Lingo if you are selecting it because it has speaking capability . It is very hard to understand the person speaking the translation . Recently I went to Brazil and used it to translate English to Portuguese . When I played thr translation I desitred I could not understand the translation . So I let the local people I work with in Brazil listen to it and they could not understand it.Otherwise the word translations worked fine .
 This thing is way too complicated to set up and operate . I usually like everything I buy online but this was definitely a waste of money . There are apps available that can do a far better job of translating into many different languages .
 Unfortunately this is a bad translator at least for Japanese . I am a native Japanese speaker and I found many definitions and translations do n't make sense at all . Even very simple words , such as `` rain '' or `` bridge '' do n't show accurate definitions . It 's better not to use such a translator , otherwise you might have miscommunication with native speakers .
 I was completely disappointed in this translator . The audio was unintelligible . I sent it back .
 The laser pointer worked easily enough but it lacks a laser pointer an essential component for presentation tools . As a result I will hardly be using it.Bought the model with the laser pointer , it works very well . By the way it 's used with a Mac Air which does not have much clearance for the USB transmitter , thus the slim USB transmitter is appreciated .
 I 've owned several presentation remotes , including two from Interlink -LRB- SMK-Link -RRB- , one from Logitech , and this Kensington . While I like the small size of this unit , which makes it easy to conceal , I can not recommend it.The most important feature of a presentation remote is its reliability . I have to be absolutely confident that a click of the button will advance the slide . If I 'm not , at best I spend too much time looking over my shoulder rather than at the audience , and at worst I look silly -- standing there clicking the remote at different angles to get the result I should be able to rely on.This Kensington -- like the Logitech -- fails to respond far too often . Perhaps the transmitter is too weak , or perhaps the software is poorly written , but I could never trust that the slide advanced when I clicked the button ; I always had to look . Every slide.Just about every Interlink / SMK-Link product I 've used has been highly reliable . Problem is , they tend to cost twice or three times as much as this device . Consider theSMK-Link VP4300 RemotePoint Presenter - Special Editionor theSMK-Link VP6450 Presentation Pilot Pro . I own the VP4300 , and it 's both small and highly reliable with outstanding range -LRB- though the laser is weak , if that matters to you -RRB- . So that 's your trade-off . For professional presenters , it 's a no-brainer -- the technology has to work every time . For very occasional presenters , the low price of this Kensington might be a wise trade-off . One more thing
 I purchased this phone . It malfunctions often . Many of the number keys do not work . The sound quality is bad . Batery life is very short . If you do buy this phone make sure you have a backup phone ; becaues it malfunctions often . The answerning machine recording quality is very poor . Your callers may not leave a message because they can not understand your message . Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY this phone from Columbia Telecommunication Group .
 That is the last time I am buying any brother printer . I have 5 other printers from inkjet to color laser and photo printer all good but this one is a disaster ! The main instalation software is not working with XP ! Brother customer service is useless . The print quality was good for few days then I changed the toner -LRB- non-brand -RRB- and problem started . The print quality became dark and like old copy machines ! I tried several different toners but still print quality is bad . Its speed is very slow , it takes 10-15 seconds to start the job . The mechanics of this printer is another pain . If you want to do manual duplex printing it takes all your printed paper at once and lose the function.Fax is good . -LRB- The only + but I still do n't know what quality does the receiver person get there . -RRB- . Document feeder is good.The scan function takes for eeeveeer ! Tooo slow!I have to go back to my other printers ! Do not experience mine !
 I have owned the Brother MFC6800 for around 4 years now . Most of this time has been related to living with compromises . This machine has performed below my expectations over the long term . Here are some reasons why :1 . Scanning is too slow . The scanner seems to scan inch by inch . For every inch it moves forward , it jumps back a half inch . The quality of the scan is great though .2 . After the first toner and drum wore off , I have had a miserable time getting the replacements to work . I tried Brothers toner and drum and later , some from ABC ink . These are very expensive -LRB- high cost of ownership -RRB- . Whatever I printed or copied had streaks or too much greys in them . Some forums I visited said that cheaper alternatives do not work with Brother 's products .3 . The machine makes a significant amount of noise when warming up to print.I am in the market for a laser MFC now and will be avoiding purchasing a Brother . Probably will lean towards a HP or a Canon .
 Several number buttons and the stop button were unresponsive after using only 4 or 5 times . Only 6 weeks old and it broke .
 1 -RRB- Awesomely cumbersome software and operation , 2 -RRB- poor quality copies with one edge always dark -LRB- new drum & cartridge did not fix this -RRB- , 3 -RRB- no envelope tray , 4 -RRB- scans of photos come out distorted , 5 -RRB- poor quality instructions and troubleshooting , 6 -RRB- expensive drum replacement . Take my advice , buy something else .
 For a 2.4 GHz phone , the range was horrible . I got much better reception with my old 900 MHz . Also , it would be nice if the channels automatically changed when needed , since the reception was so bad -LRB- you had to change often -RRB- . The caller ID was also weird in that if you picked up the phone and missed the call , that number would n't be in the caller ID . Overall , we were surprisingly very unhappy with the phone , and just returned it .
 I purchased this model about 1.5 years ago and expected it to perform for 5-10 years . It stopped working after a year and a half with the buttons not responding at all . I bought a new battery in hopes that would fix the problem , but the phone still does not work . I even tried the page button on the base stand and the pager works , but had to unplug the battery to stop the phone from beeping . I expected better reliability from a Motorola product . I have been using a Sony remote phone for the past six years -LRB- we have two phones -RRB- and it is still working well . I guess you just have to buy a product nowdays and take your chances .
 I got about four months of life out of this phone . There was consistently static and then the phone started to die mid conversation . I bought a new battery , which did n't fix the problem . Now I get about 10 seconds tops before the phone cuts out -LRB- but does n't die , so I know it 's not the battery -RRB- .
 I liked this phone for the first few days . I actually convinced a friend to buy the same phone.What I discovered on BOTH my phone and my friend 's phone is that voices get clipped , ie , cut off prematurely and you have a `` cell phone going out of range like quality '' to the conversation even though you are only a few feet from the base unit . I suspect this is a design issue , where to save battery power , the phone cuts off transmission when it thinks no voice is present even though you are still speaking . I use cordless phones all the time for routine conversations and this one is just annoying . That 's a shame because its a nice size , battery life is great , and so is the price .
 I have had this phone for a year and a half . It is in a room where it is rarely used . The static is terrible and changing channels does n't help . I have used it in more than one home with no change in quality . Now I am beginning to have other problems -- works in one location and not another . Buy at your own risk .
 Hey , I 'm Ed.Got your package . Buddy , you sold me a box of junk . It was almost , but not quite a phone . The base did n't have an antenna , the phone did n't have a back and even fully charged , it would n't stay on more than two seconds . I 'm thinking you really do n't want to do this `` selling stuff to other folks '' thing but something or someone is making you . Maybe you should follow your heart because I 'm looking at your feedback rating as I type this out and frankly , my dear , you suck at it.I 'm in Jackson , MS and I 'll bet they can find a home for all these less-than-stellar phone parts at the city dump . Keep the money . I 'm going to lambast you in the review section.Motorola MA351 2.4 GHz Analog Cordless Phone with Caller ID -LRB- Silver -RRB-
 I have the phone/answering machine model . More than half of the time the caller ID does n't save the missed calls -LRB- so you can at least see who called you while you were out -RRB- , but my biggest complaint is that you have to listen to all of the saved messages again to get to the new messages . What a waste of time .
 There was much static and people complained they could not hear me . the plus side to this phone was the abilty to turn the ringer off on the handset . I returned this phone after three days . I am still searching for a decent portable phone .
 We 've had our phone for about six months . We just wanted a phone with no bells and whistles and were very happy with this one until it just stopped working one day . Keys froze up and nothing we tried , including replacing the battery , fixed it . Our experience sounds comparable to some of the other reviews here . It 's inexpensive enough that I do n't want to mess with the warranty and judging by others comments , it 's doubtful we 'd get any satisfaction . We just purchased an ATT model to replace it . I wo n't be buying any other Motorola phones !
 There is a lot I like about this phone , however none of what I like outweighs the fact that the sound quality is so bad I had to take it back within the first week of buying it . The appearance , weight , features and price were all excellent . BUT when I spoke to someone on the phone , my voice -LRB- and surrounding noise -RRB- came through my earpiece like a loudspeaker ! It 's as if the mouthpiece is a microphone playing through the earpiece amplifier . Very annoying and impossible to have a conversation with anyone unless they are a real yapper and do n't let you say a word anyway ! I do n't recommend buying this one at all .
 The display on our phone quit after only one year . After two years we had so much static on the phone we could no longer hear the other person . Changing the channel no longer worked . The last cordless phone I bought lasted me fifteen years . This on died after only two . Even when the phone did work the volume was way too low even though you can control the volume it did a poor job .
 My parents had this phone so i registered for it as a wedding present . It did n't work out of the box and as with most wedding presents , i did n't have a receipt and they would n't take it back . We tried to go through Motorola to fix it , but that was a nightmare . Just be careful !
 Synopsis
 This one of the worst phones I ever brought !!!! The phone is less than 2 months old and it gives echoes , feedback , ringing and you can not talk while the microwave is in use.I gave it 1 star because I could not give it anything less.It does offer some good features , like the format button . Which is a time saver . But overall , DO NOT BUY !!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!Thank you .
 This purchase was one of my all time biggest mistakes as far as home electronics go ! Do n't buy it , the sound quality is terrible . I paid $ 49 a few months back and you could not give me one for free now . I have my friends call my cell phone just so I can actually hear them . The positive reviews must be from Motorola stockholders .
 This phone has awful problems with static . I ca n't figure it out because from time to time I will get static wherever I am in my house and even changing the channel does not help . Another VERY AGGRAVATING problem is that I CAN NOT have my microwave running without horrific static blasting in my ear -- this is absurd . However , I give it a rating of 2 because I really like the caller id , the glowing buttons feature , and the soft buttons.The rings are also a little strange -- only one rings loud enough and the other is too off the wall .
 I found this phone to have too much static . I changed the channel several hundred times to see if that helped but it always had the same amount of static . Also , you have to get it to sit just right on the base in order for it to charge , you have to move it around a little to make the light come on so you know its charging , which is n't a big deal , but a little annoying . Im very dissappointed with my purchase of this phone . I have been searching for an inexpensive 2.4 ghz cordless phone that looks nice and fits in with my decor along with working well . I thought this phone would be great for it is very nice looking and the phone does feel very sturdy and not light and flimsy like some of those out there , but unfortunately this phone has too much static for me to give it a good review .
 I purchased this phone in December as a present to myself , and I was dismally disappointed with it . Thinking that the 2.4 GHz would have a great reception , I was surprised to find that this phone is little more than a static-noise device . So much so , that I use it for nothing more than a decoration on my desk . Changing the channel does absolutely no good , not even a slight difference can be noticed in reception after doing this . It has some other minor flaws as well , but it 's useless to point them out , as what good is this crappy phone if you ca n't even hear on it ?! Best thing about this phone is the appearance of it , nothing more .
 I have owned many cordless phones . When I purchased this phone , I figured Motorola was a safe brand to choose . Who knows phones like Motorola right ? WRONG ! Broke within a week of normal use . BEWARE !
 I bought this phone for my apartment and really had no trouble with it for a few months . Then I moved into a house and suddenly there is so much static in the phone I ca n't stand it . You can not hear anybody with the static and it continues to beep like you are pressing the buttons while you are talking even when it is fully charged . I am so disappointed in this phone . I am off this weekend to get a different phone that works . I do n't recommend waisting your money on this phone .
 I just bought this phone 4 days ago . Reception is very bad , and have a ` click ' sound -LRB- same as other people have said -RRB- . The earpiece reflects what you say on the speaker . Horrible sensation , like talking in a box.The phone is very cool and looks great in my nightable , but is only good as a decorative piece !
 I 've had this phone for about 6 months . It started out great , but the longer I 've had it , the worse the sound got . It started making a clicking/staticky noise that does n't go away even when you switch channels . The v-mail message indicator light does n't work , and when you try to check the caller ID , you have to push the button 10 or 15 times before it finally decides to show you the names and numbers . On the plus side , it 's comfortable to use , you can turn the ringer off , and the keypad lights up making it easy to use in the dark . It 's a fairly inexpensive phone , so I would have to say I 've gotten my money out of it , but I would not purchase it again .
 Terrible phone
 I loved this phone at first . It 's nicely human-factored , and the sound quality was very good.However , it 's now about 6 weeks old and the `` 3 '' button no longer works . I use the phone only for work , so it 's been gently used and no one has been dropping it in the sink . This is not impressive longevity . Fortunately , the store where I bought it has a 90-day return policy . I do n't think the replacement will be a Motorola .
 Other than it 's good looks , this phone is pretty much all around bad . My model is 7 months old & amp ; the battery will not hold a charge for more than 15 minutes -LRB- seriously ! -RRB- . In addition , every time I use the microwave it causes static , and the battery cover always falls off . The memory dial only holds 10 numbers . Motorola is obviously letting their product quality slide .
 This phone was good for the first few month , but has gone downhill ever since . The speaker is not very loud and the ringer is very hard to hear even in a quiet room . I bought one of these for myself and one for my mother , and both phones now have a lot of static when making calls even standing next to the base station . Range is good , if you can deal with the static -LRB- changing channels does n't help -RRB- . The base station is supposed to indicate when there is a message waiting with our phone provider , but it often gives false positives and misses other calls . We bought a panasonic now and everything is much better , even the message waiting indicator .
 I just bought this phone 3 days ago and I have had a problem witht he static coming from the handset while the phone is one the base . It is loud and annoying . I initally liked the way the phone looked and after using it I thought it was a really good buy until the static started . It will be returned today .
 I liked this phone until I got it home . When the handset is sitting on the base , the handset will intermittantly emit static every few seconds - CONSTANTLY . But only when its sitting on the base . I even took it to work and tried plugging it in at my desk and it did the same thing -LRB- I live in an older house and thought it might be the 50 + year old electrical - nope ! -RRB- I 've had it for 5 days and its going back tonight .
 We bought this phone after a long search for a new phone . We have a Sony which worked wonderful and we have had it for over 5 years . We needed another phone in the house so we purchased this one . It worked in the room where the base was and that was pretty much it . The minute you went out into another room , the phone would get a lot of static . It was pretty annoying and we tried switching channels to move to a better channel and nothing seemed to work . We were n't happy with the product at all which is surprising considering it 's a motorola . Be careful when you consider buying this phone .
 The phone was unusable due to high static , yet it might be because of the number of wireless data networks around my appartment . And yes i did charge the battery for 24 hrs before use .
 I own a business and have several acrylic wall files that are very sturdy . When I ordered these , I expected they would be similar quality . These are very flimsy -LRB- in comparison to other acrylic products -RRB- . I do not expect they will hold up with the wear and tear they will experience in a normal office .
 I ordered this Calligraphy set instead of the dark blue beginners case because I wanted a more unique looking calligraphy pen . Well , I ordered this one and got the dark blue box instead with standard colors . Not exactly happy but I do not wait to wait to get another order .
 I want to learn calligraphy , and I bought this set because its price point is right for a new hobby . Today I cracked open the box for the first time , wanting to use the Medium nib , because I figured that was a good thing to start with . But it was n't there !! I have two nibs of the same size , both labeled `` B '' -LRB- for Broad ? -RRB- and one labeled `` F '' for fine . Does this mean my set was used ?? Beware
 I bought this phone about a month ago because I was looking for a cheap phone with caller ID . Needless to say this phone is cheap for a reason . The phone requires 4 AA batteries to get the caller ID to work . When I put them in the caller ID showed nothing . I thought it was broken until I found that I could see the caller ID if I held the phone at an angle and in the light . If I looked straight on , I saw nothing . The caller ID system is a joke . If you are buying this phone for solely the PHONE , then it is a good purchase . But if you want this phone for the caller ID system then save your money . It is n't backlit and it is impossible to read . I have already ordered a different phone .
 I bought this phone for my kitchen . I wanted a wall-mounted phone with caller id.The phone was easy to set up , after inserting 4 new batteries , I set all the options -LRB- contrast , date and time , area code , etc. -RRB- . Everything worked correctly EXCEPT the caller id . Callers are not shown , even the number of calls received does not increase . Batteries were fine since I could see all the other data displayed -LRB- date , time , et . -RRB- on the screen.I thought it was just bad luck and returned the phone to the store in exchange for a 2nd one of the same kind.Same thing with the 2nd phone too ... I am returning it to the store today and will definitely not buy from this brand again.BTW
 i had a pen from this company and i was trying to find a replacement because i loved the way it wrote . Well my old pen had a pink gel grip , black ink , and it had an exclamation mark on the top . I knew it was not exactly the same , but being it was roseart in black ink ... Well i was wrong , the company was the same , but the pen was the worst i have ever written with . The ink didnt come out smoothly , and i felt that i had to press really hard on the paper to make a line . I woudnt buy it.You 'd be better off buying a regular bic pen first .
 These nine pens were simply old and drying out and would not make a mark on the paper without about twenty seconds of non-stop scribbling . When they did start producing ink , you had to press so hard you got writer 's cramp during the first word . The distributor tried to pawn off the responsibility of contacting the manufacturer on me , but I refused and they promptly agreed to send me a full refund . Unfortunately , I did have to pay the return postage on defective merchandise .
 It is flimsy and hard to strike the keys . What is the purpose of the ribbon ?? It is a pain ! The shape is too boxy and hard to handle when you are trying to juggle your book and the dictionary . The design falls far short .
 I was very excited to buy this dictionary bookmark and I have to say that I am extremely disappointed . The first one I received seemed to be faulty , several of the buttons did n't work at all . I sent it back for a replacement . However , the second one had the exact same problem ! In addition , parts of the screen did n't work , no pixels were displayed at all . I returned it immediately . I will look elsewhere for a dictionary bookmark .
 Garbage please do n't waste your money on this garbage . This garbage only last a day . Please do n't waste time and money on this no good garbage i wish i could give her no star .
 A real nice phone if you can put up with the cheap silver look and some features . I put it up on the kitchen wall and after 1 day pulled it off.I could n't stand looking at it . Esthetically sucks . It lacks a whole lot of features that I presently have on my Radio Shack 2 line cordless phone . EG a dial pad on the base with speaker phone , which most perople need . Do not buy a refurbished phone of this type thru an Amazon merchant . They will NOT take it back . Very unhappy with the way it is presented on their website . Let the buyer beware . .
 WORKS VERY WELL AS TELEPHONE BUT MAKES VERY STRONG INTERFERENC WITH 2.4 MHZ SECURITY VIDEO SYSTEM IN ALL 4 CHANNELS . HAD TO MAKE CHOICE AND GOT RID OF TELEPHONE.IF YOU DONT HAVE VIDEO SYSTEM ITS OK . IF YOU HAVE 2.4 MHZ VIDEO , DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 Works fine , looks and feels `` cheap . '' Very few cordless phones with speaker on handset that are wall mountable ? Why ?
 I bought myself a DC3000 as a birthday present and instead got hours of frustration from a product that does not work . The drive is simply `` not recognized '' by my brand new Dell with USB 2.0 and oceans of RAM memory and disk space . Having read other reviews before purchasing , I was ready to accept that not all the high-tech editing functions worked smoothly , but at least -LRB- I thought -RRB- I will be able to copy home videos to DVD . Wrong , wrong , wrong.I am persistent and reasonably knowledgable about installation and debugging . I followed every piece of advice , restarted my machine `` clean '' with no background softwate to interfere , tried and re-tried the HP-recommended steps with the help of a tech . I can only conclude that that there is a bug in the installation software . After several tedious debugging routines , the HP tech finally conceded that there was a defect , but he could n't solve the problem . This is not yet consumer-ready -- if you want something that works out of the box , look elsewhere .
 I had hoped to use the dc3000 to finally transfer my aging VHS collection onto more stable and long-lasting media . Simply , I wanted to keep on watching my old movies -LRB- which in some cases , are not even available on DVD -RRB- without having to worry that I was degrading the quality of the video.Well , I must have been day-dreaming when I bought this product , or maybe I 'm just niave - since I have no intention of starting my own pirate DVD production shop , using just this one DVD-writing product , to cheat Hollywood out of billions of their just-deserved royalties . I really only wanted to put my VHS tapes -LRB- including movies I have already paid for -RRB- onto the DVD format ... The set-up and configuration of this product was a breeze , the software suite installed without any issues , and the hardware literally just plugs in -LRB- just make sure you have a USB2 .0 input though -RRB- . Unfortunately , when I actually tried to backup one of my VHS movies , the HP Video Transfer Wizard told me `` The source video is copyright protected ; video capture will not resume . `` Well , even though the U.S. courts say I can make backups of movies I already own , HP apparently does n't agree . So , if updating your aging VHS movie collection is one of your primary reasons for buying a product like this , you should just take the dc3000 out of your basket and move on -LRB- if you can find something else without this draconian copy-prevention -RRB- . Aside from HP , I 'd also like to thank George Lucas for this disappointing experience . Being the geek that I am , one of the main reasons I purchased this the dc3000 was to finally have a copy of the Star Wars Trilogy on DVD , since my friend George has yet to do so himself . And here I just wanted to keep from having to buy a new set of videos every 6 months , as that 's about how long it takes for VHS tape to begin degrading , and I 'm that big of a fan.Lastly , I 'd like to give special thanks to the RIAA . Even though 99.9 % of us just want to make our own copies of our own media for our own internal use , the RIAA would rather do everything possible to prevent us from doing so , treating ALL of us like criminals . Sorry RIAA , but that 's only going to hurt your business even more in the long run than any piracy possibly could.So ... back to the HP dc3000 . Yes , if you want to copy your own home movies and non-copyrighted materials ... I 'd give it a thumbs-up -LRB- 4 stars , only because the software is a resource-hog -RRB- . But if you thought you might be able to make legal copies of copyrighted materials you have already purchased , think again . The dc3000 wo n't let you do it , even though the law still says that you can .
 I purchased the DVD Movie Writer because I thought it would be easy for other people to use in my household . However , the item arrived on Wednesday and was promptly repacked and mailed back to Amazon on Thursday after two very lengthy calls to HP Customer Support in India . The dc3000 was installed on a Dell Desktop and a Dell Laptop . Each running @ 2.3 ghz and 512MB of RAM . Each system had the same problem - I could see the video preview and audio preview , however , when I went to record no video source was recognized . Further , the drivers for the video capture card appear to limit it 's use with third part capture and authoring software . I had high expectations , and I was severally let down . So now I am off to the store to find a seperate capture device and a DVD + / - Recorder . I suppose now upon reflection , I should have done this the first time . If you are considering this product , wait until april witht he dc4000 -LRB- ? -RRB- is out , which will use Firewire and may have some of these bugs fixed . Whil I was waiting for shipping , I did more investigation , so I anticipated some of these problems , as they probably account for 50 % or more of nagative posts concerning this product . It appears HP is selling a flawed device . I do n't recommend rewarding overall poor corporate behavior .
 HP acts like a company on its way down.Great concept - poor execution . HP support on this product is horrific . I have been waiting over 3 weeks for a response to inquiries and each time I initiate contact , I am told someone will get back to me in 5-7 days.Product has bugs that HP knows about but you spend hours conscientiously trying to debug . Worst of all , they offer s-video hook-up but no where can you find the proper cable or can you get the specs from HP . Some idiot at HP told me it was a special 5-pin connection . As it is , it is a 7-pin and most connectors to either a Camcorder or PC are 4-pin . I have spent hours trying to find a 7-pin male to a 4-pin male and it is not going to happen . I have already returned two cables.I have wasted hours trying to get this product to work like promised and I do n't expect that to happen anytime soon or ever.Buyer be forewarned .
 Good concept , glowing reviews in PC Mag and others , but the installation process is not ready for prime time.Spent hours following advice from HP support , tried on 3 separate machines.At the end of the day , it worked once , then could n't be recognized by the systems.I even , per HP , ordered a replacement system because it would `` fix all the problems '' , and reinstalled the OS -LRB- WinXP -RRB- . Still no luck.Documentation pretty thin -LRB- the trouble shooting page takes you to a generic HP drive page -RRB- . Clearly a wine before its time ...
 I just hung up the phone with their support desk . The machine kept spitting out a brand new FujiFilm DVD-R and telling me no media has been detected . So I brought the DVD-R back , thinking it was faulty . I bought a Verbatim DVD-R and everything worked perfectly . The next DVD I tried to create with a TDK DVD-R and I had the same problem.HP Support has told me that they are having compatibility issues and they can only guarantee that HP and Sony DVD 's will work with this machine.This is a waste of money for me since I have to now go out of my way to buy Verbatim , HP or Sony DVD-Rs . Avoid this product !!
 Easy enough to install . Hardware solid . However , there are a lot of DVD writers out there that are equally as good . I bought this because the software and cables were included and I wanted to edit home movies . Arcsoft Showbiz is too buggy and the tech support is very bad . HP is not much better but at least you could talk to a real person . After one month of emails and phone conversations , I was able to determine the source of two separate problems . The first was related to a known driver problem on their end . The second , was due to a mechanical high pitched sound that developed with Showbiz DVD recording . Finally , someone directed me to the audio sampling settings . It seems so obvious now . They do not know this software and made me reinstall it several times . I would not recommend this product . Pinnacle is a better product for editing . Again , REALLY BAD TECH SUPPORT !!!!!
 Dead out of the box . Installed programs . . had recognition problems as stated before by others ... would not run on brand new Dell system With XP Pro and 1 Gig ram . Spent 2 hrs on phone to tech . . '' needed to research problem more '' . Email got multiple suggestions to no avail . Finally concluded it was defective ... new one to ship next day ... 15 days later it had not shipped . Solved my problem by returning it to place of purchase and exchanged for new one . New one works finally . Still trying to get them to cancel shipment . Quality of productions so far have not met my expectations .
 My son bought me the HP DC3000 for Christmas and I hooked it up to a Dell 4500s which contained everything the system demanded including Windows XP and 256mg of ram . My system would not recognize the unit . I spent a day trying many of the fixes offered on the HP website and it still would not function . I called and was on the phone with a techie for almost two hours trying different fixes - nothing ! I then connected it to my wife 's PC which is newer than mine and it still would not recognize the HP drive . The unit was returned today .
 I wanted to like this DVD/Movie Writer so much , but I 've now owned the system for 5 months and have only been able to record small snippets of DVD movies , because the system keeps failing . For several months , HP technical support strung me along , telling me they would send a software update because I my Windows XP operating system would n't recognize the system . I kept callng . I finally got someone at HP to admit that it was a hardware problem . They sent me a new unit . I attached it and recorded a couple of DVD 's . However , I made a critical mistake . I actually unplugged the system -LRB- appropriately , when the computer was off -RRB- . The next time I reattached the drive , XP would n't recognize it . The video capture is broken and I 've literally already spent over 4 hours online with their tech support . Purchase a regular DVD burner and a separate video capture card . It may not be as well integrated , but it least you have a better chance of making it work
 While in theory this could be a great device , allowing you to easily capture video to a DVD , I ended up NOT buying it , for two reasons :1 -RRB- Does n't support DVD-R . DVD-R media is much cheaper than DVD+R media , and is far more compatible with normal DVD players . Since there are plenty of drives available now that support both DVD-R and DVD+R , and many more - R than + R drives in the market , it seemed like a bad idea to get locked into + R. 2 -RRB- No FireWire -LRB- IEEE 1394 -RRB- port . It 's astounding that they 'd limit a device intended to edit video to USB . Admittedly , many PC 's do n't come with FireWire standard , but since the cards are only $ 30 , that should n't be a major issue , and FireWire is -LRB- 1 -RRB- faster , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- most importantly would allow you to capture a clean digital signal from a DV camcorder to DVD , which would be much cleaner than playing back the DV tape as an analog signal and re-digitizing it.I 'll wait until I find until I find a unit that does what this one does , but is n't senselessly handicapped .
 I was first intrigued when I read the Best Buy Sunday flier -LRB- 11/09/03 -RRB- that stated `` PC-Free DVD Movie Writer '' ... `` The fast , easy way to transfer videotapes to DVD without additional hardware or software . Just plug in your video source and press a single button . '' `` HP Movie Writer - 1-touch DVD transfers from your camcorder or VCR . '' I was most intrigued with the $ 349.99 price . I thought , `` Wow ! they have finally made a simple method to convert VHS tapes into DVD ... and inexpensively . `` I called the Best Buy Store and was told it was a stand alone unit . I was told that the need for the P.C. was only for editing , if you chose to do that.I called Hewlett Packard and heard from three different representatives who all told me that it stood alone and did not need a computer.Then I bought it , brought it home only to find out that instruction number one tells you to install the software ; then in troubling shoot is the instruction
 I bought a dc3000 and tried to install it to my PC and also my laptop . I studied on that 3 days but it was frustration . It drove me crazy ! I tried many options , like winxp update , bios update , second high speed USB port , many reconnection , plug in-plug out , cable change , and finally reinstallation everything etc.etc . but fail . Another strange issue is that there is no action from insensitive HP in spite of many forums discussing the dc3000 problems !!! unbelievable !! , Do not waste your time and money like me .
 HP had some good ideas with this product , particularly combining the burner and the video source reader into a single , external product . However , they apparently rushed this product to market , as it is seriously flawed.There is no On/Off switch , and the instructions say it can be left on all the time . However , simply turning power off and back on fried two units - both of which were connected to good surge protectors . Too give them credit , HP did promply send a new unit after the two failures , but they do n't seem eager to acknowledge the problem.The documentation with the DC3000 is almost non-existant , and many common questions go unanswered.HP has not been forthright about telling customers what they can and can not copy with this unit . We have a lot of old purchased VHS movies that we want to preserve by transferring them to DVD simply for our own legal use . About half of these copy just fine , and the quality is as good as can be expected , but the other half give a message that the VHS is copyrighted , and the process stops . HP cleverly avoids this issue by advertising the unit as being designed to copy home movies.So , if you are willing to live with these restrictions and are very careful about never powering the unit down , the DC3000 is OK . Otherwise , I 'd advise waiting for a more mature product .
 I had great hopes for this product , being a fan of HP printers , but have been disappointed on all fronts . I purchased it to archive 8mm tapes to DVD , create backups to DVD and to create special DVDs of the kids to give to grandparents . I 've had the unit for nearly 2 months and have had numerous problems . I have had some success in creating DVDs of entire tapes but have yet to successfully create a `` project '' using the Showbiz software -LRB- after numerous attempts and reinstalls of the software -RRB- . Arcsoft provides NO support for the product -LRB- they never reply to email sent to their support group ; the other contact option is US Mail -RRB- . HP 's support is also marginal . Documentation is very poor . There is a major bug with the integration between the drive and Showbiz that is documented on the HP site
 This sounded like just what I needed to convert my stack of videotapes to DVD . Unfortunately the hardware does not install according to the very brief manual , and when I eventually got the thing working it produced a totally unusable DVD , with exceedingly poor image and sound quality on three DVD players . I returned it to the store where I bought it - what a waste of money for something that simply does not work as advertised ! Incidentally , the two computers I tried it on both exceed the minimum requirements by a factor of 4 in all departments
 There are many factors about DVD recording as I learned from this device . First , at least 20GB of free memory should be saved on your hardrive , I ended up buying an external hardrive to fix this problem . Then it takes forever to record a two hour movie , and if for whatever reason your DVD+R / RW ca n't take it all in because it does n't know who much space it has before hand , it stops at the last minute of the 6hr time to let you know that it does n't have enough space , so please try again , from the start . Finally , when it is all fixed , it does n't write smoothly , it records with flickers all through out . This device makes you want to use VHS tapes forever .
 I received the DVD Movie Writer DC3000 from Amazon 's amazingly speedy shipping service in just a few days . But the trouble begin almost immediately when I tried to install it on my state-of-the-art DELL system . I reached the point where you simply connect the USB cable and my high-powered DELL instantly went into complete shock , totally frozen . Unplug the USB , everything 's OK -- plug it in , freeze the computer . Two hours later , I 'm still on the phone with an amazingly patient and kind HP tech in New Delhi . We 're uninstalling and reinstalling , we 're connecting and disconnecting other USB devices , we 're booting and rebooting . Nothing helps . He orders a replacement unit , which should be here next week . Right now I 'm assuming that HP rushed this device into the marketplace just to boost quarterly earnings and please their stockholders . Whatever happened to product testing ? The entire computer industry seems to have gotten a `` pass '' on allowing defective products to enter the market . At least it 's not a set of tires . Thank goodness for forums like these - I just wish I had read all the customer reviews before I purchased . Caveat emptor .
 I did n't see the negative review when I bought my Movie Writer . I have spent days on the phone with HP and finally a gentleman in India admitted that HP was having a compatibility issue with Dell computers and so if you have a Dell , do NOT buy this movie writer . It is totally frustrating . No one admits the compatibility problem at first ! So , I have hours invested in a product I have to return .
 It would work fine if I had windows 98 . ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
 I am very technical and paid very close attention to the instructions . I even went to a forum where the HP Product manager was giving advice and distributing patches . I made numerous changes to the WinXP operating system trying to speed things up . As others have reported , I made many coasters -LRB- bad DVD 's -RRB- . Yes , I tried several brands . I finally gave up and sent it back for a refund after a month and many , many hours of effort . I think the USB interface is the weak link . The unit had trouble reading marginal VHS tapes , it had timing problems where the voice would not match the actions and even got worse as you progressed through the movie.I got rid of the unit and bought an internal ATI video card , a plextor drive and Nero burning software . I had this running the first night . Sure wished I 'd done this at first , but I was depending on the HP quality - which I did n't find this time .
 IT : s like this I purchased the dc 4000 about a week ago this is my 3rd one . But anyway i ; ve had nothing but problems , with it ive spent 3days talking to tech support for about 3hrs eac time . Right now hp is doing research on it . to figure out he problem . But it appears to be a software issue.It does every thing but the main thing , which is burn the dvd . Al ; so its its only compatible with the software the comes with it . so if it ever gets that fixed it might be ok . But i was very dissappointed with it and i expected better from hp
 It took me 3 months to replace this product . Technical support is both time-consuming and worthless . Eventually had to talk with someone in the U.S. to resolve the problem . Hint
 I gave dc3000 an extra star because it finally did work . The transfer button never did work . I had to find the `` wizard '' to set it up . Not much is said about the actual copying , that it takes a looooonnnng time , that you may need multiple disks for one movie , the vcr must be stopped at the end of a disc recording and then restarted for the next disc -LRB- after you have searched out the appropriate frame . Last but not least -- the audio was displaced 1/4 to 1/2 second . This made it appear like a foreign movie which had translation audio dubbed in.Also should have a firewire interface , needs its own dedicated VCR and - surprise - ties up your computer endlessly.The verical mounting accessory -- if you do not mind holding the disc in while the door closes , then it 's OK.I have 1.5 GB memory , 320GB storage , speed 2.6 MHz
 Dont buy this product - at least not if you run Windows 2000 . I recently bought this product after checking that my machine exceeded all of the minimum system requirements . First , it would not install and forced me to reformat my hard drive . Second , when I eventually got it to install , my computer could not recognize the device . After hours on-line to HP -LRB- via India ! -RRB- and after repeated trips to the store where I bought it -LRB- the technician at the store spent an entire day trying to get it to work and eventaully gave up -RRB- , I gave up in disgust . Dont waste your time with this piece of junk .
 My Dad picked up one of these units for my Mom so that she could take our movies downstairs and start converting them from degrading analog tape.The unit we got does not install properly in Windows XP . After plugging it in there is a missing mass storage device in the device manager . When you get around to installing the software it ca n't find the drive during setup . Also it appears to hang our BIOS while the unit is plugged in when the computer reboots . I have to unplug it just to get past a certain point in our BIOS . I 've had no problems with other USB devices at all and the available BIOS updates for my motherboard -LRB- GA-7S748 -RRB- do not address any USB issues which leads me to believe that the unit we have is defective.There is also close to 0 documentation included in the box . If you decide to buy it at all make sure you 're buying it for someone who is competent and does n't depend on manuals .
 Where can I return this thing ? If you want hours upon hours of frustration , this product is for you . I 'm very computer savvy and was never able to get either one of my two fairly new , high-powered Dell computers -LRB- with a USB 2.0 port -RRB- to recognize the new drive . What 's worse is that HP customer service for this product is a complete joke . I 've talked to over half a dozen technical support reps -LRB- in India , of course , where HP made the brilliant decision to relocate their tech support unit -RRB- , including one supervisor , who were clueless about the product . To make matters worse , several reps , including the supervisor , promised to call me back with solutions and I never heard from them again . How 's that for customer service ?
 If , and only if , you are only interested in capturing whatever is on your VHS tape to DVD then this product works fine . However , if you want to edit , add audio , etc. then you should NOT buy this product.Showbiz is not documented and technical support is extremely poor . -LRB- Actually , you can not really get support from Showbiz , but you can get support from HP technical -RRB- . Unfortunately , I have made nine calls to HP technical support for this product . I have uninstalled , installed , uninstalled , installed ... to the point I thought I was going to wear out my CD player . And after all of that HP technical still could not figure out the problem -LRB- s -RRB- . Please note that you can expect your phone calls to technical support to be dropped numerous times -LRB- HP informed me this was a known problem and they hoped to correct the situation soon -RRB- . So , due to an average to below average product and extremely poor technical support I strongly advise that you steer away from this product if at all possible .
 My first unit arrived nonfunctional . HP Customer Service quickly replaced it . -LRB- Thank you . -RRB- The second unit was installed May 2004 and has slowly failed more and more often to burn a disk with only moderate use . First every third dick failed . Then ever other disk failed . Then only CD-RW disks would burn . Now , NOTHING . I have tried four different brands of CD and DVD including HP . It fails between 5 and 55 % of the burn by ejecting the disk saying there is an error on the disk . NUTS ! HP customer service hid behind their expired warranty and wanted $ 140 for a replacement unit.I am writing this only after giving HP a chance to give me a more satisfactory answer than to buy the same unit again . I believe they must have know there was a general problem considering all the negative reviews and the discontinuation of the Movie Writer line , -LRB- dc3000 , dc4000 , dc5000 -RRB- . PS
 I would have to say that this is the most overpriced and ineffective hardware , that I have wished that I had not spent my money on in my entire life . Not only was it very cheaply made but the software did not work properly . I thought that this was going to be a great product but I have found that for the same price you can buy a dvd recorder at Frye 's that does the same job but does not have to be hooked up to your computer and screw up your computer when you attempt , Yes I said attempt , to uninstall . Do not make the same mistake that I made ... stay away from this product like it was your ex-wife looking for more alimony . And now I have to deal with UPSing it back to Amazon . What a major pain !!
 This is a complete waste of money ; the thing just does not work at all . The software is good but I could not get my computer to recognize the drive . The bottom line - buy something else
 I got this DC3000 for Christmas and now , two weeks later , still have not been able to get it to work on my late model , high-end computer . My computer will not recognize it . I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the software numerous times with no success . The only suggestion from HP was to do extensive editing of my Windows Registry . Well , no thanks . It 's too late to return it for a refund , so I 'll dump it on eBay . I think HP rushed to get this unit to market for Christmas before they had the bugs worked out .
 Over the past 30 years , I 've bought countless electronic items , including at least half a dozen computers . This DVD recorder from HP was one of the worst items I 've ever bought -LRB- Acer gets the grand prize , but that 's another story -RRB- . After countless conversations with HP 's customer support and endless uninstalls and reinstalls of the software , I never did get the unit to work . Finally , I 've given up .
 The device would not properly be recognized by my OS half of the time . I called tech support , and they hung up on me . I was n't even arguing with them , so I have no idea why they did that .
 It is not exactly the same as the picture , and it is almost big for a pencil case . all in all i found it very different from its picture . it is soft , and it dies not stand in a stily way . The kipling brand sewed on it is red while the pictures is black .
 This pencil holder is of a good quality but for the price I paid is too small so I was a little bit upset with the purchase but you can win them all . Better as a paper clip holder
 I would never recommend this phone to anyone . You can not hear the other person speaking even with the volume up to maximum . The caller id screen does not show you who is calling when it is through your call waiting . It only shows the number when it is the first original call . Lots of static and pops while you are talking even when you change channels and are right by the base . Consumer reports gave this phone a great rating -- what were they thinking ??
 You get what you pay for . The low price sucks you in , but the static is unbearable . Avoid this phone set like the SARS .
 I bought this phone for a gift . It is horrible . It pops and has major static problems , even if you are close to the base . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!
 I am sorry I fell into the price trap . One phone works well , and the other is unusable almost all of the time . I also can not use it to retrieve my voicemail . If it is okay enough to use and I try to use it to retrieve voicemail it clicks and the tones do n't work .
 I had the same problem as reviewer Jeff before me . I read his advice , and decided to try any way . I am sorry I did , as they are going back to the store tomorrow . No matter what I do , there is awful static . I switched back to my old phones , and there is none ... so I know it is the phones and not my line . &#60; br / &#62; BAD BUY !!
 The worst phone I 've ever used . I 've never had a phone that the core design was so terrible to merit me trashing and replacing it . Instead of like every other phone , you have to press ` End ' to end your phone call -- the little button to the right , rather than ` Talk . ' For the first month , I would end a conversation on the phone and talk with the people in the room about the last call , only to hear the phone 's dial tone a few minutes later . It 's like having a bug in your house that 's only sensitive at the most inopportune times . I may get used to the ` End ' button , but then somebody in my house ends up doing the exact same thing , maddening.It also has other little design flaws that drive me nuts . When you want to go to caller ID , you naturally hit the up or down arrows , only to have it test the loudest ring , unexpectedly and right in your face . Besides that and countless other little things like it , the sound quality is bad . I guess you get what you pay for when it comes to that , unfortunately though.I plan to stay far away from Uniden from now on . I 've been able to pay as little as $ 15 for a phone to get far better quality .
 Great phone but I 'm surprised to find that there 's no way to hit mute while you are on teleconference calls and conversations . Every time you snore , your boss will hear you . ; -RRB-
 This phone had poor sound quality . If all you want is a means to communicate as though holding a can with a string attached , this is great . Otherwise , do n't waste your money . I have since purchased a phone system for over a hundred and it was worth every penny -LRB- threw away the uniden after a month of frustration ! -RRB-
 I have never had trouble with any other phone like I do with this one . Most of the time when the phone rings , the caller ID does n't even work . It says `` Incoming Call '' or `` Incomplete Data '' when at the same time my Panasonic phone is showing me the correct name and number.There is always interference and you can not go more than 10 feet away from the base without there being so much static/interference that you ca n't even hear the person.Yesterday when I was on it , myself and the caller could both hear beeping noises and static.The phone just feels cheap . Rather than trying to save a few bucks , go with something better it will be worth it .
 I purchased this phone based on the Consumer Reports high rating of this phone . Phooey ! It is very difficult to hear the caller , even with the volume up all the way . The static appeared about 2 months after initially hooking up the phone . It is so bad , you can not hear the caller at all . I wish I would have stayed with Panasonic ... My old phones have all been Panasonic and they worked great . I got this one because of the great price and favorable review in CR . Big mistake ...
 I admit I purchased this phone for the price and I am very sorry I did . I currently have a Siemens phone system -LRB- 2.4 ghz -RRB- and I wanted to upgrade , as the Siemens has very few features . I purchased the Uniden and found that it was impossible to hear on the phone due to a great deal of static and clicking . I attempted another call standing right next to the base unit and I STILL could not hear anything . I had charged the phone for the required 20 hours before using but I can not even make a single call on the phones . I am very disappointed and I have the impression that a 900mhz analog phone would be better than this one .
 I like Uniden product . I really do . I have one of their radar detectors , and a cordless phone from back before even the 900MHz days . So when I saw this pair with their attractive price , I thought it was a guaranteed winner . WRONG ! I thought the inclusion of a headset with boom mike was just a nice addition . Then I realized that it was needed because trying to cradle the handset between your ear and shoulder is a one way ticket to the chiropractor . I should 've seen that coming . What I did n't see coming was the static showing up a few months later , even when standing right next to the base station as others have mentioned . In fact , now they are starting have an loud , intermittent , and very annoying static-interference noise whenever I use them . Within the next week or so , these are going back in the box and heading to the thrift store . Maybe they can sell them for $ 5 , which is about all they were ever worth . I 'm going to give Uniden another shot , and chalk this one up as a case of `` You get what you pay for . '' If you buy these anyway , do n't say I -LRB- and others -RRB- did n't warn you ...
 I thought this was a good deal for my kids to have cordless phones , but the reception is not all that great , and the price was n't that much cheaper than other phones . I guess they are good enough for the kids , but I would definitely not want to use them daily myself .
 Bummer , but this phone is terrible . The reception is the problem . It goes in and out , soft and loud . I find myself going , `` hello ? are you there ? '' the whole time . Going to box it up and return it to Target tomorrow .
 Gave these to my son . Within one month both screens on the receivers went to jibberish which makes them useless . Save your money and buy another product .
 We got this phone a couple of months ago and are still not able to use it at all . Originally , we could not hear anything from this phone at all . Now only faint voice can be heard , but the only end still has no sound at all.I spend hours reading the manual , but still can not make it work for us . Maybe it is a malfunctioning one . I would definitly NOT buy any Uniden products in the future .
 When we first received these phones they were pretty good - the range is short but we could deal with that . After a few weeks the sound quality started to really decline -LRB- echos , breaking up , and static . -RRB- . After 8 months the caller ID does not function on one handset and the sound quality on the other handset is so bad as to make it unusable.The small size at first was cute but after awhile is very annoying and uncomfortable . I just ordered a panasonic set and ca n't wait to trash this set . I have been a loyal fan of uniden for many years but this product has shaken my confidence in there recent quality or lack there of .
 We were sold on the many options this phone has ; however , we probably wo n't even be keeping it on account of the low quality.The handsets are as small as my cell phone , very hard to hold , especially if I 'm doing something & am relying on leaning it on my shoulder.There is an echo half the time during my conversations . Sometimes it is like a 1-way radio , in that when I 'm talking , I ca n't hear the other person -LRB- or even their background -RRB- . We 're quite disappointed .
 After reading all the positive reviews I thought this was the best phone out there . I was so excited to receive the phone , only to be quickly disappointed.First , the phones are so tiny it 's very uncomfortable . My ear was actually hurting so much I would get off the phone because of this . Also , you could hardly hold the phone with your shoulder because they were so small .2 nd - The sound quality was terrible ! Sometimes it would be fine , but mostly there was a lot of problems . # 1 being it would echo a lot , I could hear my voice echoing thru the phone . There would also be clicking .3 rd - The extra handset and base that came w / the phone died within a week . Needless to say the phone is already on it 's way back .4 th - I did not like how you could n't listen to your messages while you are on the phone . I think that 's common with some phones , but I do not like it .5 th - The answering machine was terrible ! The greeting and any messages received were very muffled .6 th - I was also unhappy with the call record feature . I tried it out with a friend and as it was recording , it would constantly beep . That was annoying.I gave this phone 2 stars instead of 1 since it does have some cool features , like 2 way walkie talkies and speakerphone from the handset ... these features did work well.My last phone was a Uniden , it 's lasted probably 10 years . So , I did not want to give up on Uniden all together just because of this phone . Yesterday I went to Walmart and bought a Uniden EXAI 5180 phone . So far so good . The phone itself is larger and much more comfortable . My ear no longer hurts ! :-RRB- The quality has been great too ! Answering machine is clear ! Very happy with this phone !
 I bought this phone because I was disappointed with AT&T 9370 -LRB- to much noise -RRB- . This phone has about half the range as my AT&T 9401 , and about 20 % less sound quality . This phone has gotten good reviews else where , but I was disappointed . If I could have gotten the AT&T 9401 with the answering machine , I would gladly paid $ 150 . I have no complaints about the answering machine . I would not buy this phone -LRB- or the AT&T 9370 -RRB- again .
 Users of 2.4 Ghz phones expect :1 . Clear clarity of voice .2 . Exceptional range .3 . Ease of use.This phone falls flat on 2 of these 3 expectations . While the phone is fairly easy to set up and use , this is the least important of the 3 qualities . We have had to return this system twice , as the performance aspects are dismal . Voice quality while on the phone varies for no apparent reason , and the range of this phone is only about 30-40 feet at best . My Panasonic 2.4 Ghz phone on the other hand , can still transmit when I 'm over 200 + feet away ! This phone also has lots of mystery bugs , including failing to hang up after a caller leaves a message , and phones displaying `` in use '' when no one is on the phone . Occassionally the handsets will `` loose '' the base , and say `` searching for base '' and then re-registering . Avoid this phone like the plague ! V-Tech used to have great quality phones , but if this is an indicator of current quality , forget it . Look instead to the Panasonic 2730 , which is also expandable , but has greater range .
 I own this and wish I did n't . The only good thing about this phone is the extra handsets you can purchase . The voice quality is so bad I have to switch to a different brand cordless phone to actually carry on a conversation . Now , being less than a year old , I have come to find out the answering machine only works periodically . People think they have left a message when in reality it was never recorded . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE AT ALL !!!
 I 've had this model -LRB- with an additional handset -RRB- for about 2 years or more and the sound quality has only gotten worse . After 2 years of use most calls are drowned out by static , so much so that you ca n't hear the other person . Our second handset just stopped working - when you answer it you can hear the other person but they ca n't hear you . Another problem
 I should have known I own a convenience store and my phone card vendor talked me into these remanufactured nokia phones sort of like tracfone . They sold really well but the problems customers had with the phones , like holding a charge or reception was beyond my control and the vendor would not accept the responsibility of rectifying the situation
 I purchased this phone a local department store . I fell in love with its sleek and contemporary design , and I could only imagine what I a great phone it would be when I got home to use it . To my surprise , I was wrong.It was very easy to set up , and learn how to use . Such features as the `` Digital Answering Machine '' and `` Intercom '' were big flops . Why ? Here is why ... The digital answering machine has a horrible microphone and when recording your outgoing message it sounds scratchy and blotchy . I thought that maybe it only sounded like that from the unit -LRB- even of which it should n't -RRB- , but when I called home from work a couple of times and got the answering machine , it sounded just as bad . The same goes for when people leave you messages . The clarity and sound quality is just horrible . Making it very difficult to understand your messages or screen your calls.The Intercom system was kind of cool . Since it is located on the phone itself . Alowing you to lay down and lay the phone next to you while having a conversation , or walk around the kitchen while trying to cook or something but still have a conversation . The draw back to this however is that the sound goes in and out . So one minute you can hear the person on the phone and the next you cant . One thing that drove me CRAZY about this phone and gave me reason to take it back after a week was the echo you hear when you speak into it and the static that a 2.4 Gig phone promises to not have . That drove me crazy . I tested it with close neighbors , people on cell phones , and relatives that lived a distance . But the same echo and static was there for them all . This phone is cute , but not very effiecient for it 's price tag .
 We bought this phone yesterday and are returning it today . There ample features , the phone is sleek and the size compact but THAT IS NOT THE POINT . All you want a cordless to do is have good voice quality and battery life . I ca n't speak for the battery life -LRB- Consumer Reports states 13 hours but they also reported good voice quality , so go figure -RRB- but the voice quality is poooooor . Granted we live in an apartment and there may be alot of interference but I ca n't justify spending $ ... for a phone that does not handle the basics . White noise in every conversation and the answering machine message is inaudible . Going to give the Panasonic 2730s and will write a review for that one as well.Trust me ... Do n't buy this phone unless you want ...
 After reading many favorable reviews , I decided to purchase this phone . After using it , I 'm sending it back . I 've moved this phone to many different locations in order to get rid of the constant waves of static coming from the receiver , but nothing worked . I have two 900MHz phones that were under sixty bucks that work better than this phone . Unless you like static , do not buy this phone !
 I should have listened to all the negative reviews I read before purchasing this item . However , it was the top rated exapandable cordless by Good Housekeeping magazine so I fell for it . I purcased the base and one handset . The base phone was defective and would not hold a charge . The additional handset charged very quickly and we used it for a day and heard the annoying `` white noise '' so many reviewers mentioned . It would not go away no matter where we were in the house . I returned it and exchanged it for the Panasonic comparable model -LRB- #KX - TG1050N -RRB- . It was more expensive , but we are very happy with it and do not experience the interference . I should have remembered a prior VTECH cordless phone we owned did not perform well and we replaced that one with a Panasonic . Save yourself the hassle and just go for the Panasonic .
 After hating many phones on the market , I thought I had finally found the one when I purchased this VTech phone . I LOVED the speaker phone , the reception was good even outside , and I never had to look for phone numbers with the user-friendly memory function . It was a love story - UNTIL I came home one day to the two flashing lines where the number of messages should have been . It was approximately one year into our relationship and love turned quickly to hate . Now I have NO answering machine , and while in the same room as the base station all I hear is the audible `` CLICK CLICK CLICK '' of those flashing lines , not to mention the even more aggrivating `` CLICK CLICK CLICK '' over the phone line . I too called VTECH and got the same `` Unplug it for two minutes and plug it back in '' spiel . Did n't work . I so want my love affair back , and do n't know what to do now that I have the extra phone that wo n't work with anything else . Now I have to buy two phones at once ... Do n't put yourself through the anguish . The adage `` It 's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all '' does NOT apply to telephones .
 This is my first Amazon review after being a long-time customer . This item has burned us , so I feel strongly about reviewing it . We have had it for about 2 years.I am having the exact same experience as a previous reviewer who described the answering machine flashing '' -- '' and a constant clicking noise . Vtech wants $ 75 to repair it or will sell us the same model for $ 99 . Keep in mind that the add-on units -LRB- we have 2 -RRB- do n't work when the base is gone for repair!This is our second problem with this unit . The first problem was barely under the one-year warranty . The beep that signaled that a message was waiting quit working and the handset ringer quit . After we sent it in for repair , Vtech only fixed the handset problem . I 'm too busy to make a career out of servicing our electronics , so I did n't complain about what they failed to repair.Now that I 've seen someone else had the exact same problem , I think I 'll invest my money in a new system instead of trying to remain compatible with the 2 extra handsets we already own . -LRB- They do n't work with newer model base units . -RRB- Hopefully I 've saved someone else from investing in this system !
 I bought this because I have 2 rooms that need phones and I do n't want to bother with running wire to them - so I have handsets for them.The sound quality has been great , I have n't had any of the sound problems that others report.Now , 1 week after a year -LRB- the warranty period -RRB- , the answering machine has died - the LED displays '' -- '' and flashes on and off . The worst part about this is that it makes a clicking sound that can be heard on the handset.Now I have to decide if I want to keep my ` investment ' -LRB- 2 other handsets -RRB- alive and buy another 2461 or a 2431 -LRB- if so I may buy the extended warranty -RRB- ... or put it to bed .
 Though I charged the hand set for more than 15 hours , it did not work . So I have to send it back . Amazon did a excellent service .
 Features seem good . Range however is less than my current Panasonic 2.4 Ghz . The base transmitter signal seems weaker than that of my current Panasonic -LRB- which comes with `` range extend -RRB- . The phone was returned .
 This phone has a ton of great features ... if only i could hear the person I 'm talking too . Something a $ ... phone can accomplish . It sounds horrible . . all you here is SSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.Don ' t buy it . At all ... not even to try it out ... it 's garbage . Spend the money and get the Panasonic KX-TG2730S and an extra Handset KX-TGA270S . This phone is the best there is ... all the features you want and more ... and its clear as a bell . No problems with wireless networks either . It costs the most but its worth it just not to have to return all the other junk phones out there .
 I 'm on my third `` repaired '' phone now and it is now having issues with the answering system just like it 's predecessors . Sure Vtech will gladly replace \ repair them at no charge , but what good is the phone if it 's always in for service . I would recommend anyone looking for a phone to avoid Vtech and go elsewhere .
 Do not purchase this phone system unless you enjoy the sound of `` white noise '' during telephone conversations . There is a constant hissing noise from the ear piece whenever the phone is being used ... Please take heed to similiar reviews on this phone and save yourself the hassle and expense of having to return it !
 I ordered this system -LRB- a 2461 and three 2420s to go with it -RRB- from Amazon a few days ago and have been playing with it since . Unfortunately I am sending it back tomorrow ... VTech has done a GREAT job with this phone system in many respects . However there are a few serious flaws that lead me to this rating , and to my feeling of no choice but to return it . I &#8217; m actually pretty bummed because the system is freaking cool save for these killer issues.The most serious issue for me is the memory dial design of the handsets . For anyone -LRB- like me -RRB- who uses deep discount long distance from services like ... this system is not a realistic option . This is because you can not `` chain '' memory dial numbers together . I.e. you ca n't press `` speed dial '' # 1 , wait for the ` bong ' and then press `` speed dial '' # 2 , etc. . The VTech system does provide a generous 32 digit allowance per item however even 32 digits does not cut it for services like bigzoo . Even if it were 64 digits the solution really is n't optimal - you really need to be able to ` chain ' speed dial settings together , and this system only allows you to dial ONE number from memory -LRB- once the call starts you can &#8217; t get back to the memory screen to dial a second number -RRB- . Another significant drawback for me -LRB- which I was willing to overlook until I discovered the memory dial issue -RRB- is the limit of four handsets . That limit DOES include the handset that comes with the 2461 Answering Machine . E.g. you may add only THREE handsets to the 2461 for a total of four handsets . I would really like to have eight handsets . Hopefully VTech will increase the total record capacity for messages . The Digital Answering Machine apparently can only hold a stingy 15 minutes of recorded messages . For my use 30 minutes is minimum.One final issue of note is the wall mount design . The Digital Answering Machine has a very goofy design - you get a `` T '' thingy that you mount to the wall such that the answering machine itself is sort of suspended away from the wall , by far the most odd design I have ever seen . It works but it is n't great . The handset does n't fit super securely into the based and this does not improve in the wall mount configuration . Anyone planning to wall mount this phone many feet up a wall should think twice - the handset is likely to fall to the floor frequently . Finally , the individual handsets -LRB- 2420s -RRB- do not have a wall mount option at all &#8211; thought the bases do have a very small footprint.This system has great promise . Nice form factor . Easy to use menu system in the handsets . Very cool set of features -LRB- save the issues noted above -RRB- . I &#8217; m honestly very bummed to be sending it back . I &#8217; m going to check out the Siemens system but from what I have read it doesn &#8217; t really look too great . I may just hang on for another 12 months in the hopes VTech will improve this system as it is very close to ideal for my purposes . Very disappointmented it has these critical -LRB- for my purposes anyway -RRB- flaws .
 After purchasing this phone , both for it 's good looks and answering machine , I was very very disappointed that it was of such poor quality considering it 's high price . 1 . As you 've read here , the sound quality is worse than a cell phone . 2 . The answering machine would not record many of my incoming calls , probably due to the poor sound . After taking it back to the store , the salesperson told me Vtech phones are known for being poor quality . Too bad they ca n't fix these problems - the phone itself looks great !
 We really wanted this phone due to its satellite phones . We tried everything to get it to work properly . We moved it to all locations in the house . The amount of noise on the phone made it totally unusable . The messages that were left on the answering machine could not be understood.On occassion the phone would work fairly good , but mostly there was too much static to be used at all ...
 We have used VTech phones for years with excellent performance . However , this model/unit was a terrible disappointment . The answering machine base unit failed within 1 month after purchase . The handset is not compatible with other VT2400 series model base units , so we ca n't use it with our other base . Go ahead and get a VTech system , just not this one .
 I had this phone for about a year when I experienced the same problems others had noted , the 2 flashing '' - - '' . I went through the whole routine with Vtech 's tech support , they finally had me return it for a warranty repair , this was great except that I was without an answering machine for 3 weeks ! The replacement has worked for about 6 months and is doing the same thing again . Do n't waste your time on this system - there are other systems out there that are just as good and a lot more reliable !!
 We had our 2461 system for 9 months when all of a sudden one day the display on the base unit started flashing '' -- '' and clicking . Customer service had me mail the unit in along with all of the auxiliary phones -LRB- I had purchased 1 extra unit -RRB- . It took over 1 month to get the exact same replacement system -LRB- 2461 -RRB- and phone -LRB- 2420 -RRB- and they did not reimburse my return shipping fees . They told me they wanted the faulty answering system plus extension phones all shipped back so they could ship me a different system that was better . Well - I got the same model back again.The `` new '' phones BUZZZZZZZ whenever you use a headset with them . The old phones were fine with a headset . And the `` new '' answering system occasionally erases the OUTGOING message when you erase incoming messages . After this happens , the answering maching picks up the phone but does n't record anything or beep or do anything - it just ties up the phone line.The audio quality on the answering system is very poor - we have trouble understanding what callers are saying . And if you get callers that assume you will recognize their voice and say `` Hi , it 's me ... '' - forget it . The audio quality is very very poor.I would steer clear of this system - it has major quality and design problems and VTECH has been very unhelpful resolving issues . Their solution is `` unplug the system and leave it unplugged for 2 minutes and when you plut it in , it will be fine '' . Sometimes that does work , but I want an answering machine and phone system that works all the time , thank you .
 This manufacturer of excellent telephones stumbled with this model . I disregarded Consumer Report 's comments that there is a persistent white noise in the background , but CU was correct . Despite all of the excellent features , small size and price , it 's simply not a good phone . Also , the VTech customer support is dreadful . When I needed to purchase an extra battery cover , I was told that there were n't any available , but to try calling them again in a month or so . Customer support , indeed !
 In an effort to find a new phone/Answering system combo , I purchased this unit . It had every feature you could want , great looks , tons a features , reminded me of my cell phone the way the phone directory works along with many other features , but when it came to actually talking on the phone it also reminded me of my cell phone . I was severly disapointed there was a constant static in the phone that never went away no matter how close to the base and gets even louder when the handset volume is increased . The range was really bad my old 900mhz went farther with less static . Living in an apartment I need range and clarity this phone does n't provide that . It 's unfortunant because it 's really cool looking , great feal and has a lot of neat features . I ended up taking this phone back and opted for the reliable panasonic which was $ 20 more but definately worth it , the range on that phone is unreal .
 I was excited to get this system -LRB- 2461 + 3 extra handsets -RRB- . I thought there were lots of great features -- good ergonomics , the ability to intercom among handsets , good battery life , etc.All the good features were overwhelmed , however , by the very poor sound quality . People thought I was on a cell phone , and in some rooms of the house , it was almost impossible to have an intelligble conversation . I 'm reluctantly returning it -- I tried for almost a month to make it work -- and trying something lower tech .
 I did own this phone but traded off for a panasonic KX-TG2583W . The vtech has very bad sound the speaker phone keeps breaking up all the time you have to clear all caller id off all phones every time you clear them in my case thats 3 phones . You cant use the page on the base to talk to the other phones . even when I would go across the street I at times could not answer a call and I never had that problem with a 900 mh . Save your time and buy a panasonic or any thing but a vtech . I thought it was great at first untill I had to use it a few times and try to correct the proplems with it I just gave it up . I should have read what other people thought of it instead of a sore employer that sold me on it . Then I had 90 days to return it but to me it was a waste of time .
 Received our first phone for a birthday present 8/2002 . It broke at about 11 months -LRB- just the answering machine -RRB- . Called the company and they were great about a warranty , and replaced the unit -LRB- but did not replace the cordless headset that had originally came with the first unit -RRB- . The warranty replacement was received 10/14/03 -LRB- I kept the original UPS tracking slip -RRB- . Just called the company today -LRB- 3/27/04 -RRB- , just over 7 months later , as the replacement phone quit working again - same problem . Guess what , it is no longer covered by warranty per customer service ! They will give me a great `` loyalty customer '' discount , but would you trust this brand ? I 'm thinking I 'll try another brand . Wish you luck on your purchase !
 I have had this phone for over a year now -LRB- multiple handsets as well -RRB- . In general it has worked out ok . Every so often though -LRB- once a week -RRB- , when you go to answer the phone it will lose contact with the base , and then it has to reacquire the base -LRB- takes about a minute -RRB- . While that is happening , the caller just gets dead air and probably hangs up . Can be quite annoying , and it happens often enough to be a concern . The other complaint I have is that you have to traverse menus to adjust the volume on the handset . I liked the design and look of the phone , but I think I would rather have an ugly phone that works more reliably .
 I just bought this phone and discovered much to my annoyance that it does n't matter where you put the base you get static . It is irritating to say the least . This over-priced phone will be heading back were I purchased it .
 I ordered this system -LRB- a 2461 and three 2420s to go with it -RRB- from Amazon a few days ago and have been playing with it since . Unfortunately I am sending it back tomorrow ... VTech has done a GREAT job with this phone system in many respects . However there are a few serious flaws that lead me to this rating , and to my feeling of no choice but to return it . I &#8217; m actually pretty bummed because the system is freaking cool save for these killer issues.The most serious issue for me is the memory dial design of the handsets . For anyone -LRB- like me -RRB- who uses deep discount long distance from services ... this system is not a realistic option . This is because you can not `` chain '' memory dial numbers together . I.e. you ca n't press `` speed dial '' # 1 , wait for the ` bong ' and then press `` speed dial '' # 2 , etc. . The VTech system does provide a generous 32 digit allowance per item however even 32 digits does not cut it for services ... . Even if it were 64 digits the solution really is n't optimal - you really need to be able to ` chain ' speed dial settings together , and this system only allows you to dial ONE number from memory -LRB- once the call starts you can &#8217; t get back to the memory screen to dial a second number -RRB- . Another significant drawback for me -LRB- which I was willing to overlook until I discovered the memory dial issue -RRB- is the limit of four handsets . That limit DOES include the handset that comes with the 2461 Answering Machine . E.g. you may add only THREE handsets to the 2461 for a total of four handsets . I would really like to have eight handsets . Hopefully VTech will increase the total record capacity for messages . The Digital Answering Machine apparently can only hold a stingy 15 minutes of recorded messages . For my use 30 minutes is minimum.One final issue of note is the wall mount design . The Digital Answering Machine has a very goofy design - you get a `` T '' thingy that you mount to the wall such that the answering machine itself is sort of suspended away from the wall , by far the most odd design I have ever seen . It works but it is n't great . The handset does n't fit super securely into the based and this does not improve in the wall mount configuration . Anyone planning to wall mount this phone many feet up a wall should think twice - the handset is likely to fall to the floor frequently . Finally , the individual handsets -LRB- 2420s -RRB- do not have a wall mount option at all &#8211; thought the bases do have a very small footprint.This system has great promise . Nice form factor . Easy to use menu system in the handsets . Very cool set of features -LRB- save the issues noted above -RRB- . I &#8217; m honestly very bummed to be sending it back . I &#8217; m going to check out the Siemens system but from what I have read it doesn &#8217; t really look too great . I may just hang on for another 12 months in the hopes VTech will improve this system &#8230; it is very close to ideal for my purposes . Huge disappointment it has these critical -LRB- for my purposes anyway -RRB- flaws ...
 This phone worked well for a year before the base station and answering machine went out . The phone is difficult to balance on the shoulder . It has a number of nice features including the in-handset speakerphone . The voice quality is fair at best .
 not happy with purchase at all , item was advertised as working refurbished and it did not even power up properly
 This phone is a ridiculous piece of garbage . The main reason for my comment is the lack of support . Though I could type for hours on this subject , I will keep it short and to the point.The Problem
 The Vtech looks nice and has really cool functions , but the problem is that the sound quality is really bad and choppy . Also is has lesser range than the Panasonic 2.4 Ghz phones . In fact , my old 900 mhz phone has better sound quality and greater range than the Vtech . Please do not buy this phone ... it was a complete waste of money . I had to sell the phone -LRB- with the 3 additional handsets -RRB- on auction just to get rid of it . Vtechs only look nice ... but thats about it .
 It is not exactly the same as the picture , and it is almost big for a pencil case . all in all i found it very different from its picture . it is soft , and it dies not stand in a stily way . The kipling brand sewed on it is red while the pictures is black .
 WHEN I RECEIVED THE PHONE , THE NUMBER DIAL DID NOT WORK . TO SEND PHONE TO FACTORY TO GET FIX , COST MORE THAN THE ITEM ITSELF . SO I JUSTSETTLE WITH THE ITEM . DO NOT RECOMEND THIS ITEM .
 We purchased this unit because we needed a 4-line phone system for our office . Never would we have imagagine all the problems this phone system is plagued by :1 . If the phone rings and you go to pick it up , and someone else goes to pick it up they will both pickup the same line . This is not professional when dealing with customers on the phone . Our old panasonic system never had this problem .2 . A base unit must be purchased with each handset -LRB- Unlike most other phone systems out there -RRB- .3 . The handsets for this unit are horrible . If you pick up a call on it and put them on hold you will lose the indicator telling you which line they are holding on . Then that call can only be picked up by the base unit assigned to that phone -LRB- ABSURD ! -RRB- .4 . Range on the handsets is horrendous .5 . You can not be on the base unit and the handset attached to that base unit at the same time.I will never buy another RCA phone system again . This was a horrible purchase and we had to go drop another $ 700 to get a new phone system -LRB- We chose the panasonic -RRB- .
 Phone looks nice and has a clean ergonomic design . The sound quality is good . OK - That 's it . That 's all I can say positive about the phone.I purchased a base station and remote phones to use for my Home Office and the remainder of my home . I bought this to replace a phone that was about 5 years old that had served me well but was degrading in sound quality . The way I 've always used the phone is , my home line is Line 1 and my BUSINESS line is Line 2 . I used the business line -LRB- Line 2 -RRB- all day long and my wife and kid use the home line -LRB- Line 1 -RRB- all day long . We could interchange handsets or use the base for either Line 1 or Line 2 . I assumed that any multi-line BUSINESS phone developed in the last 20 years would allow the same . Not this RCA Phone!Get this ... You can only use 1 phone at a time , despite having multiple phone lines . You can use the base station OR a handset . You can NEVER use Line 1 and Line 2 at the same time on separate phones ! If you attempt to use a handset while on the base for example , it states , `` Base in Use '' . Was this designed in the 1970s ? I could n't believe that the phones would work this way , so I called their Customer Service line . The gentleman said , `` Just think of your handsets as an extension of the base . You would n't have 2 people on the base at the same time would you ? '' He thought this made sense . He suggested that I just buy another Base phone for every handset I wanted to put throughout my house ! That made sense to him too.Please - If you plan to be an Engineer or if you plan to go in to Marketing , do not go in to phone design or marketing if the RCA phone design makes sense to you . This is not a practical phone to use unless you will NEVER have more 1 person in your house or office AND you will never have to quickly switch from your base to your handset ... remember , they both ca n't be on the same line at the same time .
 RCA advertises this phone for small businesses . It 's not working for us !! We bought one 4-line with answering machine , two 4-line without answering machine , and one handset . The chief complaints are : The answering machine is on the receptionist 's phone . Once she picks up one line on that phone , the answering machine will not pick up any other line that rings . That 's precisely why we need an answering machine !! Following RCA instructions , we `` registered '' the handset to the receptionist 's phone . RCA does n't tell you that registering the handset to a particular base precludes using that base and the handset at the same time . For example , if the receptionist is on any line , no one can use the handset , even though it 's a 4-line phone system.We contacted RCA 's customer service about how to fix these issues . The representative -LRB- located who knows where -RRB- responded to both with , `` You ca n't . ''
 Basically this phone is alright , but definitely would n't recommend.as others have mentioned , no matter how many lines you have , this unit is only capable of one call at a time . If you have a wireless extension to this base , you can still only use one at a time . Yes either the wireless or the base but not both!I had much trouble figuring out how to transfer a call from the headset to the wireless station .
 I just purchased 5 of the 25403 GE-RCA Phones , and I tried getting customer service on the following issue : When anyone is on any line , you can just pick it up and listen in , is this normal?I just put down the phone with your customer service , and I must say
 I forgot where I bought this , now I see . I was so ticked . Lasted about 6 months . Bellsouth phones have always been the best , maybe northweatern is not bellsouth .
 After less than three weeks , the touch-tone keypad quit working ! Although under warranty , the cost and hassle to ship back led me to pitch it in the trash , and order a different brand !
 The title says it all . The speaker function of this phone worked when we first received it ; and never worked again .
 I have to give it 0 stars . It worked for two weeks and then the speakerphone button would not always work . Then I started to get complaints from people trying to call me that they were always getting a busy signal when they tried to call me . A lot of the time when I would pick up the receiver there was no dial tone , so the problem seemed to be that the receiver was not hanging up the phone .
 I have Verizon phone service and this phone will not work with the DSL filter that is required by Verizon . I have never had a problem with any other phones that I have bought and used with the filters . The bad thing about this the company would not consider that a defect so I had to pay shipping to return it . I feel it is a fine line whether it is a defect . I even spoke to a manager . So buy with caution .
 Phone has a hum or buzz which increases with the volume of the amplifier setting on the handset . The ringer bell dings from time to time for no apparent reason . Otherwise , the phone is very nice .
 This phone always had a strange `` hum '' when using the handset . However , lately , it also has a lot -LRB- and I mean a LOT -RRB- of static on the line . Other phones in the house do n't have this problem . I reset the power to the phone but the problem is still there . I 'm now forced to replace the phone .
 I purchased this phone to use for two business phone lines in my home . The main problem I saw from the start was that the speaker did not work well when trying to retrieve my messages , which is set up through my phone company . The speaker would constantly cut in and out , necessitating that I pick up the handset in order to be able to hear the entire message.I purchased a corded headset , which plugs into the 2.5 mm outlet on the side of the telephone . Immediately and constantly , a radio station signal with the Gospel Hour playing could be heard by both myself and the person on the other end of the phone . The signal could not be heard when using the handset or speakerphone , but only through the headset . I tested this phone with the headset on all three phone lines in my home and could hear the radio signal on all lines . This problem did not occur on any of my three phone lines when I tested the headset on the other telephones in my home.I called AT&T ; , and they were unable to offer any help . Their only response was that I needed to replace the telephone . I did -- with a Panasonic .
 I ordered this product assuming it would come with staples , unfortunately , it did not ... and so I 'm left with a semi useless stapler until managing to get back out to a store .
 in the description of this product it clearly states it 's polished chromethe stapler is silver ! NOT CHROME ... while i know it 's only a staplerit would be nice to have a correct description of what your buying ...
 I bought this scanner to pair with my windows mobile 6 professional device . I spend much of a day attempting to get it to work properly and it never happened . First of all , the baracoda website did not even have software on their site for windows mobile 6 . I had to call and tech support emailed me a beta program with quite a few bugs . I did find the gentleman at tech support to be patient and helpful , but we never truly worked anything out . Once the scanner was connected to my device , it would not really read any barcodes but a few and then it submitted over 5 numbers instead of actually reading the barcode . The Pencil 2 never read a bar code on a CD which is why I purchased it.Unlike the other reviewer , I thought the best part of this scanner was the Stylus function . It was not perfect but it worked and would have worked very well if I could have ever got the scanner to work properly.Needless to say , I am returning the product for a refund .
 Would not recommend this duck for your hot tub . Rides high in water , turns over . Really a west of money
 Everything about this phone was great while it lasted.Unfortunately , that was only a matter of months . Now I 'm using a terrible old phone and looking for something that works.With all of the companies trying to persuade customers how `` green '' they are , it would be nice to find one that makes a product that does n't have to be pitched into a landfill within months . This was n't an extremely expensive phone but I would have never paid as much as I did had I known its shelf life was less than some products that are advertised as disposable .
 I bought this phone thinking it had all the features I needed for my home office . I should have paid attention to the negative reviews . I 'll admit , if I did n't need headset support and did n't have to deal with RCA customer support , I would be happy as a clam . But I bought the set BECAUSE of its alleged headset support . When I set up the phone , it worked great . Setup was easy . All the features seemed to work . I hooked up my Plantronics headset that had been working with another phone , but it did not work . I tried everything I knew to no avail . The documentation did not help , so I called customer support . Normally customer support lines have a routine of greetings and questions , but this dullard did not . After a painful call of confusion , complaints -LRB- about me and the company from him -RRB- , and excuses , he informs me there is no list of supported headsets that will work and that I should n't count on that feature . If he is representative of RCA customer support , I recommend no one buying from that company . I certainly will not . I 'll be returning this product straight-away .
 Received phone in poor conditon . The AC adapter was had adapters that fit many different types of devices . The seller promptly paid me back in full , but disputed what I saw and how the devices operated when I received it .
 This is the worst phone I have ever owned . The sound quality is poor and if you try to dial on line 2 there is a very annoying delay when you push the buttons . This phone is not well designed ,
 Phone Receiver did not work when Phone arrived . It had a horrible feedback sound which made it useless . Customer Service told us we need to send the whole unit in . After sending the unit in and following up after 3 weeks they wanted to know the Tracking Number . We sent it regular mail w/o tracking number . Customer Service insisted on the tracking number . Anyways . Bottom line is that we need to wait another 4-6 weeks , but Customer Service ca n't locate our phone . Money spent . No Phone . Done with this company . Good products need good customer service . I consider this a bad product because I got bad customer service .
 I 'm satisfied with the feature set of this phone , but the audio quality is very poor . I put up with it initially since the feature set matched what I needed , but the audio quality has gone steadily worse . There 's a permanent hiss on the line with many pops and breaks which are audible to both parties . I 'll be getting rid of this as soon as I find a new phone .
 I DID NOT RECIVE THE PHONE THAT I ORDER.THEY SENT ME A 4LINE PHONE WHICH IWOULD HAVE LIKE TO HAVE RECIVE THE ONE THAT I ORDER
 I purchased the RCA 2 line phone with answering machine and the speaker phone did not work correctly out of the box . I did n't buy this on Amazon which I will never do again . phones101.com and RCA both required I pay shipping to get the phone replaced with a working model . My advise , only buy from Amazon and use caution with buying an RCA phone .
 This phone was bought brand new and the sound quality has been very poor . We changed out heddsets , hand sets , batteries , and even amplifiers . All failed to improve the quality . The Caller ID is hard to see , and it 's always killing the battery .
 The speakerphone stinks . Calling into a conference bridge , words dropped about every 30 seconds as I listened , and apparently every few words I spoke were not heard by the others on the call . One-on-one calls were no different . I took it back to Office Depot and told them I was as disappointed.I tried the AT&T ; 992 and found out caller ID broke when a second line was connected . I returned it in favor of this one . This was more expensive , had similar -LRB- but fewer -RRB- features , and caller ID worked , but the speakerphone feature stinks.For ringer volume , you can not set each line 's volume independently , such as one line to loud and another to low or off . Many 2-line phones similar to this have this feature . The buttons are fairly small as well , but that did n't bother me too much.If you do n't plan to use the speakerphone often , then maybe this would be a good choice . I use it frequently , so back it went . I ended up calling a commercial phone vendor who sold me a Nortel unit that I am fairly pleased with .
 I bought this phone a week ago and will be returning it because it is n't any good . * On speaker , others ca n't hear you unless you 're directly facing the phone , if then * On speaker , if others fall silent and then start to talk again , you miss the first bit of what they say * There is feedback when you switch from handset to speaker -LRB- which should n't happen with a corded phone -RRB- * There is feedback when you hang up the handset unless the other person hangs up first * If someone else is talking and you try to say something , they ca n't hear you unless they stop talking * All of the buttons make noise when you press them , even when you 're on the phone -- if you need to turn the volume up or down , speaker/mute on/off , etc. it beeps . This is just plain bad design for a phone.Seriously , do n't bother with this one . I would give it 0 stars if that was an option .
 I selected this phone because it had the features that we need for our business and because it clearly had more quality than the other phones on the market . However , when I set up the phone system , we started getting radio frequency interference -LRB- RFI -RRB- . Essentially the handset cord acts as a radio antenna and we started picking up a local radio station . Imagine trying to have a business conversation while talking over hold music and you 'll get the idea . After 3 calls , the tech support people admitted that RCA is aware of this RFI problem but does n't know how to fix it . They told me that they could n't correct the problem and to return the phones . Damn shame as this seems to be an otherwise excellent phone system . So beware if you have any radio station towers within a 5 mile radius .
 very hard to see the screen . Instructions are not user friendly . Will never recommend this product to a friend
 I WAS UPSET TO FIND MY REFILL FOR MY PEN THAT JUST LASTED 2 HOURS.NOT WORTH RETURNING.I WOULD SPEND MORE ON RETURNING IT THEN WHAT ITS WORTH .
 Unlike the high praise I have for the German Shepherd Dog Handbook and the American Pit Bull Terrier handbook , this one has nothing that makes it stand out from other books of the same breed . The author also focuses 90 % of the pages to general dog care , not Rottweiler specific information . That means you could find 90 % of this books information in a book about any large and dominant breed , a book on dogs in general , or even in some dog encyclopedias . And you could find ALL OF IT in any other Rottweiler book . Now , that 's not such a bad thing if you do n't have any books on general dog care and want one with a Rottie twist but it is a VERY BAD thing if you 're comming to this book as a student of the Rottweiler breed and hoping to learn something you do n't already know ! I reccomend the Rottweiler book in the `` Happy Healthy Pet '' series over this . While a lot of it is a reiteration of general dog care too , the Rottie specific information left me more satasfied as it goes deeper into the essence and history of this breed .
 These phones are terrible . It is very difficult to hear the person you are talking to . I bought the phones to replace an older Uniden model . After a few days of straining to hear callers , I switched back to the Uniden.The phones have cheap `` feel . '' They are rather light , which relfects the poor workmanship of the phone.A friend at work purchased the same model and had the same trouble . I will not buy any more Southwestern Bell branded products .
 Received my phone in decent enough shape , but when it was all together , charged and ready to go , that 's when the trouble started . The first few calls went fine , but after that the parties I was talking to would , once in awhile , say `` speak up '' . Well , at first I thought it was me , but the `` speak up '' became more frequent . It was not every call , but the frequency increased . Over time , it became almost every call . Whoever I was talking to could not hear a heard I was saying , or it was very faint and garbled . It did n't matter if I changed chanels , stood right next to the base unit ... nothing changed . It eventually just became an answering machine ... no sense talking on the phone when the other end ca n't hear you !!!
 I ordered the 550.4400 which is the EXECUTIVE model of this phone.The message screen on the EXECUTIVE phones are twice the size and thephones have an specific auto forward feature not included on the standard version.Need the phones so we kept them - not happy to `` settle '' .
 It cost more to ship than the paper was worth .
 The originally had the ad `` Sold as 1 carton '' in the title , however they changed it to one pad . That was after I ordered 3 units and ` thought ' I had ordered 60 pads . Of course they did not admit they made a mistake but did atleast refund everything . At the price for one pad and shipping , it 's not a very good deal . It 's paper , shop local for it .
 I do n't expect a lot out of paper , and yet this product still disappointed me . I 've bought Ampad comp pads before , and this time it had new packaging with a cover sheet that is glued to the cardboard backing and then wraps over the top and around to the front . Well , when removing this cover page , it pulled off a layer of the cardboard backing right by the glue that holds the paper onto the backing . I was worried that this might weaken it and cause the backing to fall off , and sure enough it did the very next day . Also , the width of the margins on the sides varies greatly , and I use the margins so I find it quite annoying when the right margin is only 1/8 '' wide sometimes . This does n't happen with standard notebook paper so I know it 's possible to hold better tolerances , which leads me to believe that the manufacturer believes they can be sloppy since this is a somewhat niche product with limited competition . I 'll be trying another brand next time .
 These used to be great pads . But lately the quality has dropped . The printed grid -LRB- on the back -RRB- is now printed so heavy that you can only use one side . I used to be able to write on both sides . And now it 's impossible to tear out a page with out ripping the paper . What happened to quality ??
 After reading the description , you are informed that the item of purchase is a carton of paper -LRB- 20 pads -RRB- ; however upon delivery , you notice that you only received one pad.This company seems to believe that by carelessly describing their product with false advertisement and associating a price tag that is ridiculous for 200 sheets of computational paper is adequate is completely ridiculous.Do not purchase anything from this company due to the fallacies incorporated in their technical descriptions .
 the picture does n't look like the actual rug ... I 'm a bit disappointed . . The colors are quite a bit darker and they are less vibrant .
 The ad copy for this product makes you think that it might be appropriate for a native English speaker learning Chinese . Nothing could be farther from the truth . This is designed only for native Chinese speakers , and specifically those from Taiwan , and Hong Kong , as the included dictionary data will only input and output in traditional characters -LRB- versus simplified as used in Mainland China -RRB- . Do n't waste your money and frustration if English is your first language .
 This person is a scamm atist ! I bought a phone exactly like this on for less than $ 20.00 ... I broke the bill off ... $ 170.00 I can deal with the broken bill ... This person is a predator
 I was disappointed because I had to repunch ALL of the holes in each folder even though it was sold as prepunched !! Also there was not a die cut slot for CDs . Do n't waste your money .
 This Gamepad was awesome when I first got it . With two sides labeled ` speed ' and ` control , ' one can actually tell the difference and appreciate the difference between the two . I would have bet against that , myself . I did n't like the little wings sticking out of each end because they did n't allow the pad close enough to the edge of my desk , so I cut them off with a jigsaw and sanded the edges , then added little stick-on silicone feet to the bottom corners of it so it would n't slide on my desk . It was then a perfect Gamepad ... for about 3 months ... Then the surface began wearing out on both sides . OK , I do a lot of gaming - average probably 2-3 hours a day ... After a little while the mouse began sticking , making it difficult to aim for long-distance shots and generally hard to make precision moves . It 's now to a point where I 'm back to mousing on my desk surface again , because it 's better than this mousepad after it wore out . Ordered a sheet of Teflon coated cloth to cover it , so we 'll see how that works . Who knows , I may just have to resign myself to buying one of these every few months , as it was unquestionably the best mousing surface I 've played on for the time that it was good .
 The Good : Speaker quality is good , as is the Skype integration with the LCD display.The Bad : Microphone volume can not be adjusted , outbound voice is useless.The Ugly : The lack of tech support on the product . Support is outsourced to people who are unfamiliar with it , and there are no drivers available on Kensington 's website.My initial review was an insane rant due to the frustrations I had with the product and the lack of competent technical support . This product had 4-5 star potential because of the LCD display and Skype integration , but first and foremost , I want a speakerphone that WORKS as a speakerphone , which this product evidently is NOT.I returned it and bought the Polycom Communicator through Amazon , got it the next day , and the Polycom JUST WORKS !
 Short answer
 I got this speakerphone to use with an older laptop I have which does n't have a microphone . It looked cool , had mixed reviews and it was cheap so I figured I would give it a go.What did I think of it ? Lets just say I used it once and never again . Sure it looks cool , and technically it works but the sound quality was terrible . I tried it out on a couple of different laptops , one of which has a build in microphone , I set up a Skype call and it was terrible ... I could n't hear them well , they could n't hear me well , I unplugged this thing and just used the stuff built in and the other person could have been in the same room.Maybe I got a bad one , maybe it might work better connected to different hardware or using different software but ultimately I can not recommend this product for anything but it 's looks .
 The Kensington Vo300 USB speakerphone was a huge disappointment . The sound quality of the speakerphone was terrible , even when one person speaks directly into the mic . I had better quality -LRB- still not good -RRB- from a $ 10 unit from US Robotics .
 This is a true example of `` you get what you pay for '' . Terrible sound . You constantly have to interrupt conversations and change channels so you can hear.Just a terrible-sounding phone . Pay a little more and get something else .
 Phone never worked . Supposedly new , right out of the box ... nothing but static . What a disappointment !! Save yourself the grief and do n't buy it.Coby CT-P6200 900 MHz Analog Cordless Phone with Caller ID -LRB- Black -RRB-
 I bought this shredder because my previous Fellowes shredder is outstanding . This one is not . It does not cross-cut , but instead makes wide ribbons . Even narrower ribbons would be more secure . I do n't like this thing at all .
 This shredder does a great job and is efficient and quiet for just about anything you would want to shred . I recommend it .
 This shredder jams repeatedly . It 's the second Fellows shredder that I have had over the years and they both jammed a lot .
 I pruchased the PS-60 / PS-65c , but when I got it home I was sorry I had not gone to the store instead of mail order . I had a previous Fellowes shredder in which the paper dumped in a basket . When the basket was full one pulled it out horizontally snd emptied it . With the new replacement one has to lift off the top which contains the heavy motor and blade assembly to empty the bin . At 88 yrs I do n't need that . As a shredder it is fine , giving parellel slices from quiet smooth operatin , If I had had a better , closer look I would have seen that and avoided the heavy lifting . May be fine for a heavyweight , although I would not have wanted it at any time . It has turned out to be a real hassle BB
 Arrived - absolutely did not work or turn on at all . Know how to use it as we already had the same . Returned . Got refund as no longer in stock or produced .
 MY LAST FELLOWS LASTED 5 YEARS AND I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT ... 4 MONTHS AGO AND IT IS BROKEN ... DOESNT SHUT OFF EVER UNLESS ITS UNPLUGED ... Fellowes Powershred W-11C Cross-Cut Shredder -LRB- CRC31032 -RRB-
 This is my second shredder . The first one died after about 6 months ... the teeth on its plastic gears broke off so it no longer worked . I replaced it with this shredder - the ag10x , as it is supposed to have metal gears . The gears may or may not be metal , I have n't checked , but there are spacers between the cutting blades that are plastic , and these are breaking and falling out , allowing the blades to slip and not cut . This one lasted about a year , so twice as long as the other one , but now I am again looking for something better .
 I agree with the previous reviewer . I had this machine for just over a year and some of the plastic spacers broke , rendering the machine inoperable . There are metal gears on the machine , but they are separated by plastic spacers . I understand from postings elsewhere that Royal wo n't sell parts due to safety concerns . So , now I 'm left with a machine for rubbish day and a pile of unshredded materials .
 Description states that shredder has all steel gears which attracted my attention so I purchased one expecting what was advertised.Plastic gears can not handle torque and break which happened to my old shredder.When new AG-10x arrived I noticed that mention of all steel gears was not on box so I began to smell a rat.I decided to remove back cover and take a look and you guessed it-there were plastic gears.The gears which take most of the stress are steel but about half of total number are plastic.Old shredder had gears which were part plastic and part metal so maybe they mean that gears are completly steel without any plastic.Plastic gears are completly plastic too but they did not brag about purity of their plastic gears .
 my mouse does n't work on this , the pointer moves badly , like vibrating . On the other hand it looks cool . If you want it as a decorative-non-mousepad then it is for you . As a mouserug I wanted it as a mousepad then I give it 2 stars . Hope this review helps you make the choice .
 I guess that on purpose they do not state the depth of this item . It is very narrow for most applications . I measured only 5.5 inches in depth .
 Now that i 've lost the product -LRB- last day or two -RRB- I 'm really missing it since I used it on a regular basis to write important tidbits of information for work . Either way if you 're looking for a small note book , do n't make the same mistake I did and look for something cheaper . $ 10 is too much for something that you 're probably going to lose , I should 've bought a 10 pack of crap notebooks for $ 5 .
 I ordered this item one year ago it was great . But now it is made in China with poor finish . At this price this is not the quality that one can expect .
 I bought this thing to hold my note cards and I hate this thing . BAD QUALITY , BAD DESIGN , HIGH PRICE .
 worked great for a year or two . . very satisfied . . ! friend bought vtech or some other at the same time ... Now all our batteries are on the fritz ... the phones have cratered ... dammm ... meanwhile my friends phones are fine . . now i got to buy 4 new batteries at 20 bucks a piece ... i think ... arrghhI can get another system for the same price ... therefore I say beware of the battery
 ok , first off let me just say that i have the model without the answering machine.ok about the feaking phone , its pure crap look else where . your better off burning your money then wasting it on this damn phone . i bought it cause it was cheap and 2.4 ghz , boy what a waste . the reception on it is horrible , words cant describe the rage that runs through me when i have to constantly repeat my self and move about my room to talk to someone . the range also is horrible , the batteries dont last long at all . sad sad sad , i regret buying it and i dont recommend it one bit.your better off spending more money on a better phone as it will payoff.ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh vtech will be getting a letter from me personally about it aswell .
 This chain is tiny . I needed a chain for my wallet but this is too small . Maybe I can hang some tampons from it .
 I Order This Thinking It Was Gon na Be A Decent Size Chain . It Wasnt Its Too Thin I Feel Like My Wallet Is Gon na Fall Of This Little Chain .
 I used my new Brother MFC to print out a couple of pics . Honestly I think the HP Bright inkjet paper yielded better results . For some reason the dark areas of the photo caused the ink to sit raised on top of the paper . I tried 7-8 different combinations of printer settings to no avail . I 'm guessing it poor formulation . I tried a HP soft gloss paper that came in the next day from Amazon and it was NIGHT and DAY difference . Luckily I only wasted money on one package , will be returning the other 5 I got on clearance .
 The garbage cans are great but come with no lid , the lids they advertise -LRB- an additional $ 9.00 -RRB- were way too small . Therefore went looking for the lids at the local Home Depot and found the the entire thing for less money and with it appropriate lid . When trying to return it , I have to pay for the shipping back and a 15 % re-stocking fee . Not happy .
 We bought two of these to monitor the kids while sleeping.One was dead on arrival , and , after a lengthy call with Motorola support , was exchanged.The other lasted six months before suffering the same fate -- you can connect once , but subsequent connections are refused until the camera is disconnected and the battery removed and replaced.There also seems to be a bug -- sometimes when we connect , the camera emits noises , even though the phone is monitoring , and not sending , audio . We wondered why our younger one was waking up a few minutes after we turned the camera on , until one of us was in the room when it happened.This particularly phone system is ingenious in conception , but all of the different units have serious bugs of some sort . Moto should have done more testing before releasing it .
 I searched long & hard for a dictionary that would pronounce french . This product , for which i was willing to pay handsomely , does not speak french . While it does written translations both ways , the only audibles are in english , and I could hardly understand the english pronounciations . The dictionary capabilities are good , but there is no reason to pay more to HEAR the words if they are only in english & you ca n't understand them anyway . I 'm returning this item , and buying a non-talking electronic dictionary .
 Although I did n't try the 20 x 30 size , Elmer 's 9 x 12 `` Self Adhesive '' Foam Boards DID NOT STICK AT ALL -LRB- at least no longer than 5 seconds -RRB- on ANY of the four different types of photo paper I have at the house ! I ended up having to use spray adhesive since the project had to be shipped immediately , so I was VERY disappointed in the Elmer 's product.Instead , you might want to try the following self adhesive boards that I had great results with ... Just Stick-It ! Mounting Boards
 I purchased these adhesive foam-boards for the purpose of mounting large format photos.Here 's what I did n't like : ~ You 're supposed to be able to ` easily reposition ' photos ' - I assume until you really press them into place . I found that just touching part of my photograph to the sticky surface resulted in an impossible-to-remove bond . Any repositioning was ridiculously out of the question . ~ For large format photos , even careful placement - followed by pressing into place - resulted in many air bubbles , which were impossible to remove . ~ The boards warped within a few days of mounting large format photos .
 I was very disappointed with this product . It did not work with either my HP all-in-one printer nor did it work with an Epson R300 . The canvas is much to thick and bendable to work with most ink jet printers .
 This is so ` heavy-duty ' that it fails to separate , even when pulled so strongly that the two key rings begin to deform .
 Well , this product in theory is a good idea , however in practice it is not the best.First it is very small , and hard to read the arabic on the screen.They keys are the qwerty keyboard in black with the alif bahh -LRB- the arabic alphabet -RRB- printed in yellow on the same keys , the color makes it so hard to read against the off white / tan colored buttons.Finally the speech pronouncer is horrid to understand the quality is awful , and it mispronounces the words in english for example `` weather '' sounds like whether.The translations are strange alsoI would not get this if I had to go to an arabic speaking country , it is not very helpful , however the concept was their , maybe the company has some better more expensive models that address these problems . But I had to return this and would not tell anyone to buy it.Just splurge and get rosetta stone , it works .
 This is not the most sturdiest step stool out there . Definitely a bit rickety , but does the job . The step stool I was sent does n't close flat which was one of the main reasons I considered buying this step stool in the first place . Either I got a really bad model , or they 're all like this .
 This product did not work well for us . The ribbon does n't seem to be turning w / each purchase . You can barely read the receipts after just changing the ribbon cartridge . I wo n't buy this product again .
 Ribbons came packaged in what appeared as something that was on the shelf a very long time . When came time to use them the printed reciept was no better than the original ribbon . Most likely what happened is the ink dried out while on the shelf .
 If Amazon provided a zero star option that would be my choice . Do not waste your time with this unit or the extreme6 model . One basic feature ALL organizers must have is the ability to simply click on a date on the calendar and see , displayed on the screen , your scheduled appointments for that day . After all , this is an `` organizer '' with the primary function being to manage your schedule.To see your scheduled events you have to scroll through everything one item at a time . Time consuming and pointless . The wasted garbage such as a couple of low quality games is included but they ca n't make even the primary functions user friendly to any extent whatsoever . A horrible , horrible ... `` did I say horrible ? '' unit . You are honestly better off with a pencil and a small memo pad in your pocket . With that you can even play hangman with a friend -LRB- yes that is one of the games on the extreme6 unit -RRB- . I just do not know why a company would design and manufacture such a useless product . Soend the extra money on another brand and a unit that does what it is designed to do . Also , the cable provided to hook it up to your pc is a connection that I have never seen stock on any pc or laptop . What an ignorant design ! Did i say horrible ? =-RRB- The extreme6 ... no better than this model in any way shape or form . Hey a memo pad is 35 cents -LRB- and it works better thsn this product -RRB- and this unit is around $ 20 . How may memo pads can you get for that ... and a memo pad does n't take batteries which by the way , this unit is not rechargeable . So , given the low battery life -LRB- less than 2 hours of use -RRB- you will quickly regret owning this product . I gave it to my teenage daughter instead of throwing it away so she could just keep some small notes and list due dates for assignments . Three days later she said , `` Dad , will you get mad if i throw this away ? It 's junk . '' In the trash it went and now I will buy nothing with the name royal on it . ever .
 If you just want to save your addresses , this is perfect . With color displays being so cheap now a days ... You would assume that a Black and White display would be top of the line , even on a cheap item . Not so with this device . You only get 11 characters per line . To view an address requires you to open the listing AND tap the line you want to expand . There are at least 4 moves involved just to see Grandma 's address . The machines speaker is extremely weak . It beeps fine when the stylus or your finger touches the screen , but that is the only noise I can get out of it . Even with the alarm turned on ... And my ear to the back of the device ... Nothing . No beep for a reminder or anniversary . Do n't expect it to remind you of anything unless you happen to have it turned on and looking at it . I do admit that the backlight is the best I 've seen on an inexpensive device although it 's not very convenient to find the backlight button in the dark . I 'll have no trouble selling this device at the next church yardsale but for now I 'll stick with my old , refurbished Palm V.
 This sorter is much bigger and more space-consuming that what I expected from the picture and description . It takes up a lot of room , does not come with paper coin rolls , is made from cheap material , is not automatic , and the occasional coin hits the floor . For someone wanting something inexpensive more for entertainment than anything else , I 'd recommend it , but if you want something for a business or whatnot , definitely find something more expensive -- it 'll be worth it for the quality .
 The PDA would n't charge up at all . I was very disappointed . Although it was in it 's original packing , the product itself was quite old .
 It never worked for me with the battery.so returned it next day itself .
 pros - nonecons - it makes noise , the laser does n't shine far -LRB- maybe only 20 ft -RRB- , poorly made.I only bought this because it was very cheap . it was a waist of my money and time . Bttom line do n't buy this laser because it is just a waist .
 The buttons stick and make it hard to dial , the volume want go up loud enough to hear others on the other end unless you have everything in the house off and have complete silence even on the highest setting . If it did n't cost so much to ship it back I would return it and get a refund .
 If you have a printer with a roller-type operation do not buy this product . The pages split from themselves and create a massive jam and headache . Do n't say you were n't warned .
 I have noticed that this software malfunctions each time I restart my computer I have to always re-install it when I want to use it . This is really frustrating , or is it why the price is cheap ??? I do n't know if I am the only person having this problem since others gave it a good review . I bought it based on the review but I am regretting it now . Buyers just make sure u are prepared for what I am going through before you buy , in case yours is a waste like mine !
 Nice concept but quality of sound is scratchy.A classic handset and skype key are a better alternative for phone calls using skype over voip .
 I 'm completely disappointed of buying this product . I saw it really cheap and I took the risk and turned out that it was a bad product . You could still use it if you are going to transfer images on white T-shirts , but if your looking for good quality transfer paper do not buy this one . This has a clear background , which means that if you try to transfer the image to a color T-shirt , you wo n't be able to see it -LRB- you will only see a Dark shape -RRB- . However , If you do n't mind to transfer your image on a white T-shirt and your image to come out a little rough , go right ahead and buy it . At least it took me out of a problem .
 Busy office practice , we have been using this stapler for about 3 months . All was well until it suddenly stopped ejecting staples - appears that a mechanism inside is broken . Stapler was not abused , we are very disappointed that it has broken .
 Gave 1 star for working as it should . When i was able to use it , it was great ! Easily my favorite stapler in the world because of how easy it staples . I work in accounting so i 'm having to staple papers all day and night . My only gripe about this product -LRB- and reason i gave it a low score -RRB- was after only a week of using this stapler and feeling like Milton from Office Space , the spring that holds the staples in place somehow came off and i could n't figure out how to re-connect it . I could not find any information on their website , instruction manual , nor was i able to get any assistance from their customer service about this issue or a replacement . Oh well ... it was good while it lasted , but i do n't think i will try again because it was kind of expensive to start with and only lasted me 1 week without me doing anything but try to load more staples . : -LRB-
 This was the worst product we ever ordered . The staples stuck together or jammed up . A total mess . We had to return the product .
 I bought this item last year from Amazon . It has had VERY LIGHT use in my home office . I 've never tried to staple 65 sheets of paper , which is what it 's rated for . More like 20 sheets maximum , and not very many times . It worked well about two-thirds of the time , until today , when it completely stopped working . This was a pricey item , a splurge , which I bought thinking it would last forever . Very disappointed .
 This system seemed the answer for our needs - potability , long range , caller ID , and answering capability . It worked like a dream for about one week until we started to notice clips in transmission while speaking and even disconnection if the second line was activated . The idea is excellent and the handsets are easy to use and program . If only Siemens could upgrade the most important part of this system - the transmission . We 're in the market for another system now . P.S. Siemens customer service was excellent , they overnighted a new base system to us for exchange . Unfortunately , the problems persisted .
 The Good
 I bought this product from another retailer . It worked fine at first then I started to get audio dropouts when I was making a call , or no audio at all when I answered a call . Siemens exchanged it for me -LRB- and made me pay for shipping ! -RRB- . The problem is , the second phone has developed the same problem after 2 weeks . I am very disappointed because my past experience with theses phones is very good . The sound quality is not up to par and the range is pathetic . Be warned !
 I purchaced this phone thru another retailer , not Amazon.com , then came here to shop for a replacement for my busted analog Sonycordless . I was dismayed to see that Amazon was selling such a worthless phone . I found the phone to be handsomely styled and loved its efficient , clean look . But I found that in practice , the indestinguishable buttons were a pain . Furthermore I experienced the loss of audio another reviewer mentioned where I could hear the person on the other end but they couldnt hear me . Needless to say after a week of struggle , the thing went straight back to where I got it from . Do NOT buy this phone . END
 If you have any other non-siemens phone with caller ID plugged into your home then the Siemens phone will only randomly show you the Caller ID . According to Siemens support this is an issue with their Caller ID software . I found it unacceptable that such and expensive phone could not support the Caller ID function if I had other phones with Caller ID . Other than this problem the phone worked fine . I had even bought 3 additional extensions until I discovered the Caller ID problem .
 I bought the Siemens Gigaset because of features , size and range . However , I was dissapointed to find that the phone would spontaneously drop my audio without warning . I would think that I was disconnected , however , the other party would hear me fine . Also , the range and battery life are much worse than my old 900 MHz spread spectrum digital phone . I probably could have lived with the battery life and range problems , but not the audio dropouts . I would n't recommend unless you like returning merchandise . Unusable . Looks and feels cool -LRB- very good ergonomics -RRB- but overall worse phone I ever bought .
 It 's easy to see why a gadget freak like me would go for this nifty phone . Slick design , light weight , logical button layout , and a load of LCD menu-driven features . BUT this phone was useless to me
 The quick review
 I agree with all the other negative reviews . I invested $ 400 to outfit my house with several of these phones 2 years ago . Only one is still working properly . Static , fuzzy calls . And the phones are not very durable . One drop and you 're hosed .
 These phones do not last for more than 2 years . At the end of 2 years , Siemens would like you to buy another one . Do you feel like making money for Siemens just to get a cool phone ? I hope not .
 I just got off hold for the second time with the customer service group at Siemens . The first time I was on hold for 45 minutes before I hung up out of disgust . It took them 15 minutes to pick up the second time.I am being sent a new handset free of postage . But I now have to reprogram all my friend 's names and numbers into the new phone ! UGH!Although I am getting a new handset , I am really disappointed in the quality of this phone . It worked great , and I had zero complaints about reception quality or phone quality up until two nights ago . The phone was stuck `` on '' and none of the buttons would work . I took the batteries out and now it wo n't turn back on . This should n't have happened after 9 months of careful use -LRB- i.e. , I have n't abused it -RRB- . I highly suggest that you think twice before purchasing this phone , especially seeing that customer service is hard to get on the line .
 1 . Caller ID will not work unless you own all Siemens phones . -LRB- problem known to Siemens , but they really do n't care , or acknowledge this as a problem -RRB- 2 . Battery life is the worst I 've ever seen .3 . Customer support has been terrible.Other than that ... a cool phone . If there was any way I could get my money back I would .
 I purchased this phone thinking that the sound quality would blow away that of my other cordless phone , a Uniden , but I 've been extremely disappointed with that and virtually every other aspect of this phone . I 've noticed a loud hissing noise that makes all calls unbearable for both me and the party on the other end , and find myself frequently switching over to the Uniden , which has never had that problem . The caller ID works only intermittently -LRB- and it 's definitely the phone and not the service , since I 've experimented by keeping the Uniden close by to see if it registered the ID on the same call -RRB- . But by far the worst feature is the battery life , which is virtually non-existent . One good long phone call will drain a fully-charged battery completely . But do n't worry , if the phone is off the cradle and runs out of battery life -LRB- whether or not you are on a call at the time -RRB- , it will beep incessantly until you place it back on the cradle -- a feature that 's particularly charming in the middle of the night , when it jolts you out of a deep sleep . I decided to write this phone off as a sunk cost and literally threw it in the garbage .
 This phone is a disappointment . Prior to my experience with my 2410 , I considered Siemens products superior to others . Either my impression was wrong , or they need more practice making products for home use.My main complaint is the incessant buzz the user hears -LRB- the person on the other end does n't seem to hear it -RRB- . Although I can still hear the caller , the buzz is extremely annoying . A Siemens ' technician suggested this was due to interference with my wireless home security system . I tried turning the system off and even taking the phone to a friend 's place -LRB- without any apparent infering devices -RRB- -- the buzz was still there.My second complaint is with the batteries -- they simply do not last an acceptable amount of time . Typically I can not get more than 24 hours out of them without a recharge -- and that is all in standby mode -LRB- i.e. , no phone calls -RRB- . Had it not been for the fact that I already mailed in the rebate -LRB- I purchased mine on the last day before the rebate expired , so I needed to hustle with sending in the rebate . -RRB- , I would have returned the phone.On a positive note , Siemens is sending me a replacement phone -LRB- and I return my current one , they pay the postage -RRB- . Their customer service seems to be OK -- I only hope my replacement phone is better .
 I have had nothing but reception problems with this system . I have to keep to handsets near me , just in case a bad channel clicks in when I start a conversation . My family members are begging me to by something different , but after spending $ 300 on a base and a couple of handsets , I am nervous about what to get next.Caller ID works about 50 % of the time , and if you have another caller ID phone -LRB- I have an AT&T corded -RRB- it pretty much cuts that down to no CIDs coming through.Save your money , and hassle , and look elsewhere .
 i ordered this phone through the marketplace , when it arrived i charged it up full , it would not let you do anything ... kept flashing register when i would it came back over and over register . i finally through it down the trash chute where garbage belongs . siemens should stick to medical equipment and leave cordless phones alone . i read 51 reviews just about all bad on this phone ... i should have listened ... . DO NOT BUY ANY SIEMENS CORDLESS PHONES .
 When I bought this phone I was truly excited about the size , features and price of the phone . However , using it was a totally different situation . Callers said there was always an echo on the other end of the phone and I found battery life to be dismal -- about 36 hours before drainage after a full recharge ! Mine has been returned and now I 'm in search of a different brand . I can only hope Seimans improves on what is a great idea but a subpar end result .
 I purchased one some time ago , and callers complained that I kept dropping out like a strobe light . I could get it to do this while listening to callers -LRB- even a dial tone -RRB- when only 4 feet from the phone . Plus , caller ID only worked about 50 % of the time . I called Siemens and they sent me another one . They said they fixed the software , so caller ID works -LRB- and it seems to . -RRB- However , even while in the same room the quality is very , very poor . They claim 150 feet , but you 'll be lucky to get 50 . It has lots of cool features , sure , but quality is not one of them . I have tried several other 2.4 GHz phones , and I think the whole idea is basically a marketing gimmick . In talking with a HAM friend , he said that frequencies that high are known to have poor range , especially through walls . They are line-of-sight only . I 've tried VTech , Panasonic and now Siemens . Stick with 900 MHz digital spread spectrum , as they are FAR , FAR superior . If only Siemens made this phone in 900 MHz DSS , we 'd have a good product . As for battery life , I always use a headset and found the battery life to be good . Also , it claims to support call waiting ID , but it does not .
 I spoke with Siemens teck . They know that the thing `` Picket Fences . '' There is a design flaw that makes it short out . Once it is dropped , the insulating plate moves out of place.Becomes unusable ! Warble , static , `` No Channel Avalable '' - a
 In common with other users -LRB- discovered too late by me ! -RRB- I 've had plenty of trouble with this Siemens phone . In nearly every conversation , after a few minutes , the person I 'm talking to will report that they ca n't hear me , that it sounds like I 'm underwater . Ugh .
 When I first saw this phone and read about it 's features , I thought I had finally found an answer to many phones with differing operations and features . I bought the 2410 and 2 extra handsets and setup was very easy . The tone quality was fine but range and battery life were abysmal . Then the problems with intermitent caller ID function began . I suffered for a few months with that until I called Siemens customer service who replaced the base unit without a whimper . No improvement . Why can a $ 10 caller ID box that I bought from Radio Shack work every time and a caller ID function on a ... phone system from Siemens work only sporadically ?? I love the phones for their design and the functions that could have been but I called Siemens one last time and now they are gladly replacing the whole system with an entirely different model . I have high hopes once again . My advice ... stay away from the 2410 .
 Siemens is a company with a great reputation for hi end equipment , but this phone system is a bad product . On the positive side , the features and functionality of the whole base station idea are fantastic . On the negative side
 Like so many others , we 've experienced the `` underwater '' problem . I called Siemens , only to learn that the toll-free number has been changed to a toll number . When I contacted them , I was told that the problem is a persistent one in the handset . I could return it -LRB- it 's still under warranty -RRB- , but there is no guarantee that they would agree to replace it , since it 's an `` old '' model -LRB- as if that should make a different for a product purchased a few months ago -RRB- . So the product itself is defective , and the service is terrible . Evidently , they wish to go out of business soon , and I hope they do .
 I was excited when this phone became available . I just bought an old house and hoped I would n't have to hardwire new jacks all over the house . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT ! The range is worse than my cheap 900Mhz phone , it does n't even reach all the rooms in my house , let alone the backyard . The voice quality is poor as well . It sounds OK from my end , most of the time , but the people on the other end frequently complain that it sounds like I am under water .
 I bought this phone and an additional handset with high hopes . yikes . the additional handset never got good reception , even when I held it next to the transmitter . the other unit was periodically great . the caller id , multiple level redial , number storage features are all great-if the display works ... spare yourself . yearn for the days when we all leased our phones from at & t.
 First of all , the sound quality is awful . It sounds like a cell phone on both ends . The battery life is awful , so I 'm always tethered to the base , which defeats the whole purpose of a cordless . The phone also `` crashes '' quite often . Phones are n't supposed to crash ! It takes a lot of coercing to get it working again after this happens . Also , to change any setting , to redial a number , or to access a speed dial number , you have a to through a whole maze of menus . It takes four button presses to redial a number ! You have to confirm it and bla bla bla , it 's like I 'm using a computer . `` Are you sure you want to redial ? '' Wow.Overall a very fickle , poorly designed phone .
 When I first got this phone , I was in love with it . It was the perfect thing for our apartment . I needed a phone in the second bedroom , but I did n't want to run a new jack in the room because there was too much furniture that would have needed to be moved . The supplemental handset which does n't need a phone jack worked out perfectly.The first week we had the system , the main handset broke when the power button got stuck . I figured this was a fluke and that someone was probably just too rough with it . Amazon quickly replaced the dead unit with no problems.Now after a little over a year , the replacement handset has broken as well . It wo n't even turn on . If this was a cheaper unit I 'd say ok - you get what you pay for , but considering the price of the system , I think you should get much more than a year 's worth of use out of it .
 I had such high hopes for this phone . It looks nice , the satellite phone units are cool . Unfortunately , they just do n't work . Siemens has had to replace it 4 times now , and it still keeps breaking -- our voices keep breaking up and then people ca n't hear us at all -LRB- a problem with a phone , would n't you say ? -RRB- . This phone is a disaster .
 This phone has been very disappointing . The range is less thanthe Sony 900Mhz that this phone was supposed to replace . Battery life is very low . The worst problem is the intermittent audio dropouts . It 'll work for a while , then the person on the other end only hears every other word . I 've hear rumors that there is a poor design of the contacts in this phone , but find no solid proof . The replacement phone that Siemens sent had the same problem . On the bright side , Siemens agreed to send a 2420 to replace this piece of junk . Good customer service , but a lousy phone .
 Judging from the reviews here , either you love this phone or hate it . Put me in the hate catagory . My experience with this phone echos many others already expressed in the reviews . The phone has a definite hiss that is noticable to both caller and myself . It is not fixable as one other individual suggested by `` following the directions '' as indicated . I have done so and still the intrusive hiss . Sometimes it is not as bad as others but it is a major drawback to this phone . In addition , the caller ID only works about 2 out of three time as someone else mentioned also . This is a real pain if you are outside working and not sure you want to take the call . Also there have been severl times while talking the phone sound starts to break up and the other person says they miss every second word . The only way I have found to correct this was to hang up and redial the individual . Again a real pain . Also the battery life comes no where close to giving you the length it states and you will not want to leave it off the charger more than one day . Frankly , a friend has a Panisonic 2.4 phone and it works beautifully . This one ca n't compare . Also , when I bought it , they promised a $ 50 rebate . I sent in all the proper paperwork back in the first part of Feb and it is now the first of April and NO REBATE . They may be slow in sending it but all attempts to discover where it might be in the process have gone unanswered . I finally just gave the phone away as a `` gift '' and started over . Do your homework , there are far better phones on the market .
 Ok , this is a nice phone for -LRB- $ -RRB- . Got it from ... for -LRB- $ -RRB- with a -LRB- $ -RRB- rebate from Siemens.The primary reason I selected this phone is because of the relatively inexpensive battery replacement . VTech wants -LRB- $ -RRB- per battery for my old 900 MHz phone - that is criminal . Using AA batteries guarantees that the Siemens 2400 series will have minimal maintenance cost.BUT ... . what systems/marketing genius decided to leave out the MUTE feature ? I attend teleconferences where it is mandatory to use mute to avoid feedback from 20 other attendees . Also , it is just common courtesy to mute before flushing the toilet ! -LRB- As if any of you readers do n't take the phone into the ` potty ' room -RRB- Sorry Siemens ... close , but no cigar , this phone goes back .
 I got this a few months ago from another vendor , and it 's a horrid phone . I live in an older -LRB- 100-year-old -RRB- apartment , and you could hear static on the phone from the kitchen on the other end of the apartment . Not precisely what I was expecting from a 2.4 GHz phone ! People could tell when I was wandering about the apartment.And then the batteries started dying . I used to have a VTech analog digital , and after about 3 years the batteries started only giving me like 4-5 hours of use . At this point , I 'm lucky if I have time to check my voice mail before my batteries completely die ! I 'm sorry , but that 's just horrible performance .
 I would give it ZERO stars if possible . Horrible interference . A constant annoying hum is heard . However it is comfortable to hold against your head if thats a plus .
 I 'm afraid we must agree with reviewer
 Do n't buy this phone ! We thought it was so great at first - being able to have a phone in our living room where there is no phone jack was worth the high price of the phones ! It was well over $ -LSB- money -RSB- for the base unit , then almost $ -LSB- money -RSB- for the extra handset.We 've only had the system about a year , and now all kinds of things are wrong . With both handsets , the conversation breaks up and people ca n't hear us . It seems to depend on how we hold the phone or if we touch the back of the phone during a conversation . How can you NOT touch the back ? It 's tricky , let me tell you ! Also , the buttons are sticky now , not from sticky fingers - they just do n't work well.We 're thinking of looking for new phones this weekend , and that just hurts because of the $ $ we put into this . Yuck.DON ' T BUY THIS PHONE !
 Very happy with the phone at first . I then discovered that the Caller ID funtion was displaying `` unavailable '' for calls that were previously displayed . Exchanged the base and had same problem . Seimens was not very helpful . They said there is a technical problem with signal from some phone company 's in displaying caller ID . Engineer was suppose to call but never did . Phone was returned , I was disappointed .
 I 'm tempted to say that this is the poorest performing cordless I 've ever owned , but that honor probably goes to one of several that I purchased during the early eighties . If you never owned a cordless phone from that era you really wo n't have a true appreciation for what low praise this is . The ergonomics of this phone are first rate . I 've never had a phone that felt so comforable to use . Unfortunatly everything else about it is strictly third or fourth rate . Battery life is very short . You could easily run into a situation where a full charge would not last you through the daytime hours . Range is terrible . I found about 50 feet to be the maximum in my appartment building and about 30 feet to be the safe limit . Still , you might be able to live with these limits if it were not for the amazingly poor sound quality . Clatity is not particularly good and there is a huge amount of background hiss that is audible for both parties . Also , I found that everyone I called could barely hear me even if I spoke quite loudly . Thinking that this might be a defect in the particular unit that I had , I exchanged it for another and found it to perform just as poorly . All in all I would have to say that this phone was the biggest dissapointment of any that I have owned .
 When I bought this phone I was very happy with it for the first week . Nice design , excellent sound , good functions . However , after a while I got audio dropouts which were obviously related to a loose contact . I exchanged it and had the same problems with the second one . I would n't buy it again !
 This phone was to replace the Panasonic 2.4 ghz phone . I charged the batteries , played with the settings and put the phone to use . When I get off the phone I usuall toss it on the sofa or on the bed . Well it bounced off the bed , hit the carpeted floor and cracked the LCD screen ... it really should be shock resistant .
 There 's something goofy about the reviews for this phone . I purchased the phone based , in part , on the great reviews I read here . I was VERY disappointed with the phone . It did not live up to the 5 star reviews that I read . Now , I realize that there are a few 5 star and some 1 star . I think there 's someone who works for Siemens writing a bunch of favorable reviews . Check out todays top reviewer . It says 103 of 103 found the review helpful , but only one or two people read the other reviews . Seems suspicious to me , particularly since the phone is a piece of junk .
 While this phone basically does what it advertises to do , it fails to impress because of a certain amount of thoughtlessness in the details.For example , it is , in fact , imbued with a reliable caller ID service , speed dialing , and a helpful caller log . But the LED screen isn?t backlit . As a result all those neat features aren?t usable at night , when you perhaps need them most . Likewise , its small size at first seems a convenience?until you remember that comfort is more important in a home phone than portability . Bigger phones are better around the house , where you tend to want a phone you can actually rest on your shoulder.But its bigger offenses , I think , have to do with the way it performs its most basic functions
 This phone is quite different from other cordless phones on the market , but not necessarily in good ways . it 's super small , which would seem great until trying to do the hands-free shoulder cradle thing . the design is sleek and there 's no antenna sticking out , but ergonomics suffer . the biggest factor in returning this is the sound quality . it has 2.4 ghz but neither i nor my callers could tolerate all of the static . unfortunately i did n't research this enough -- after reading various product reviews , i 'm going to send it back and try a sanyo or panasonic .
 I was looking for a phone with the caller ID function and a mute button . This was the only phone I could find that had both those features . I bought the 242 right before Christmas and did n't have problems for about 2 months . The handset gets exteremely hot in both the charger and when used . You can not control ringing volume and everytime you delete a caller ID it beeps . There is no way to turn the noise on or off . My phone no longer charges and constantly says `` out of range . '' I have attempted to find a battery for it , to see if that is the problem , and no one carries it . The Siemens website is no help , it states that the 242 uses 2 AA 's but mine is a NiCd 600 mAh with an uncommon connector . All the generic brands sold in stores have a larger connector . I have checked Radio Shack , Walmart , Verizon phone store , Target , and the Good Guys . Stores that even sell this phone do not sell the battery for replacement . If you want a strong phone go for a Panasonic or Sony . While the price is right on this phone and the sound and signal strength are ok , the hassle is not worth it .
 I bought this product and thought it was great . The caller ID was nice , the reception was clear and I could walk nearly 100 yards from the base . The design and color were very contemporary looking in my office . The only problem is that the earpiece went out about 1 week after I bought it . In fact , it started fading in and out the 2nd day of use . Anyway , I returned it to Staples and got another . The same problem soon persisted again . I finally took it back for a brand I was familiar with -LRB- Plantronics -RRB- and the clerk said they have been getting alot of this brand back for the same problem . ALSO , I was talking with my brother a few days later who bought this phone for his business and also had the same problem with the earpiece going out . He had gotten 3 new ones . Anyway , this is probably a defective product and I would recommend not buying this particular one . I am turned off on the company and will not buy anything else of theirs ever again . I am in the process of writing to them to see if I can get some answers .
 sound from the earpiece starts dimming/coming back , to the point where I can not hear the conversation ! had staples replace , then had siemens replace , conclusion , a 100 $ piece of junk!would never buy a siemens phone again .
 I agree with mcrazi8 from Washington 's review . I received a call on behalf of my long distance carrier promoting the model 242 2.4 ghz cordless phone . It was hard getting used to my own voice blasting in my ear as I talked as well as the discomfort of the hot battery which ran down very quickly . After about 2 months , my display looked like the dislpay on a calculator that had malfunctioned , with unreadable , and mutated number symbols which finally disappeared all-together . Now it will not hold a charge and I have the same problems attempting to find a replacement battery . 200 + $ later , I 'm a very angry customer .
 The battery does n't hold a charge for more than about a day to a day and a half , and this is with little use . The caller ID feature often just reports `` Incoming Call '' and no other info about caller , even though it is a number that shows up at other times . If you like hands free operation , do n't expect it with this phone . If you think the high frequency means better reception , it does n't . My cheekbone often hits the talk button and disconnects me . The bottom line ... I HATE THIS TELEPHONE AND I WISH I HAD SENT IT BACK !!!
 This phone may look good , but it has few , if any , strengths that set it apart from the competition . Poor battery life
 The display window does not light up , making it difficult to see at night .90 days after use , the display window went out completely .
 Batteries die after a extremely short life . Customer service says that a Nickle Metal Hydride battery should be used instead . Well , if that was the case , why did n't they supply one with the phone ? The handset gets very warm when charging unless placed face-down on the base . When the battery dies , the handset/base get very hot and might pose a fire hazard ; they should all be recalled and replaced with a better design .
 I bought this phone system for my office . What a hassel ! It 's like talking into a box , poor sound quality for the money . Panasonic and Sony systems are better , I 've switched . Also , I had problems with second handset and needed replacement which was easy . The problem was short battery life , needed constant recharging . Features are nice but could be more user friendly instead of having to train people on how to use the extra features .
 I have to admit that I was very disappointed with the sound quality of the phone . I had a constant hum in the ear piece throughout every call . At times it even sounded scratchy . Even when standing next to the base with no other electrical devices on in the house , it was still the same . I also tried moving the base to different phone jacks and electrical outlets , but there was no improvement . I thought that I may have just received a lemon . I returned it for an even exchange of the same unit hoping for a better experience - I should have learned the first time . The second one was no better , in fact I think it may have been worse ! In addition , the range on the phone was short , I could n't even walk across the street to my mailbox without getting static . Distance was never a problem with my Sony 900mhz DSS . The Siemens phone offers many cool features and a sleek design , but I could not tolerate the noise and was forced to return it for a completely different manufacturer . I have checked with other members of my company that have purchased this and other models , many of them have similar complaints .
 If you like to sound like your talking into a can , this is the phone for you . Everything else works great except for the sound quality outbound . Nice look , nice features , poor microphone .
 I have had this phone for about 2 weeks now , and I just wanted to add my 2 cents to other users ' reviews
 This is a $ 4.00 device selling for 43 bucks . The frame is flimsy , and the `` blade '' is a joke . The `` cutting edge '' is nicely rounded over and painted , so as to assure it wo n't actually cut anything . Trying to tear off a piece of kraft paper with anything resembling a straight edge is an exercise in frustration . Amazon should decline to sell junk like this .
 I thought I 'd nailed a bargain with this phone . There are a lot of pros at first glance . I liked the way it felt in my hand . The signal was much clearer than my AT&T. ; There were many features for the price.Unfortunately , the problems began before the phone was finished charging . The caller ID worked exactly twice during its first day in operation . They are still listed in the phone 's memory . Once the phone was fully charged , it quit . Now the phone says `` Incoming Call '' or once , `` Data Incomplete '' . Just for kicks , I plugged in my old AT&T ; to test the caller ID . It works just fine on the old phone.So this morning I called Uniden 's Customer Service . Big mistake . The rep who answered the phone had such bad diction I could barely understand what he was trying to say . Uniden gave him a list of standard responses to read depending on the problem . If the problem does n't fit into their box -LRB- the problem is with your house , your phone line , or the phone and it 's your fault ... fix it at your expense -RRB- , they can not help you . This is not the fault of the poor guy they have answering the phone ; he 's probably making minimum wage . This is the fault of Uniden for not giving consumers another recourse when the product is truly faulty.As an aside , Amazon lists this phone as having 20 speed-dial presets , but there are only 10 . I 'm returning this phone to Amazon and will not consider another Uniden product .
 I bought this set half a month ago from bestbuy to be the backup of my AT&T phone . It 's light , and its button is smooth-touched . However , just a few days ago it started sounding noisy no matter how near the handset is to the base.I wo n't recommend it even at this low price , if you do n't want your call to interrupted by the sudden noise .
 This would have to be the worst cordless phone I have ever owned . I receive static no matter how far away the handset is from the base . This phone just plain sucks . I would recommending spending a little more money and getting a phone that works properly .
 Good battery life , nice caller ID features , but I 've had such difficulty with the reception I could n't possibly reccommend this phone . As some the other reviews have mentioned , I get constant static almost everywhere in my home . Maybe you 'll have better luck in your home , but beware .
 The features are great , reception good but the power supply went out after 9 months .
 The only reason this phone is getting a single star is because of its features -LRB- i.e. caller id -RRB- . However , in terms of reception , this phone is inferior to any other phone I have ever used . It 's clarity is even sometimes worse than my cell phone . I have nearly constant static even when I 'm standing virtually on top of the base . Stay far , far away from this phone .
 The price is low and so is the quality . I had a 900mhz Uniden for several years that I was happy with . So , I bought this thinking I would like it too . Uniden went cheap on this one . It even feels cheap . The sound quality was bad . It had a popping noise whenever I got a few rooms away from the base . So much for 2.4 GHz clarity . I sent it back to Amazon -LRB- who , by the way , was GREAT about taking the return and refunding my money -RRB- .
 Poor range
 I bought this phone after looking at Comsumer Reports ratings and opinions on Amazon as well as other sites . Unfortunately , it does n't work as well for me as it did for other users . I get constant interference and clicking noises , even when I try switching channels . The cordless I had before had a terrible battery life -LRB- the battery life on this phone is excellent , btw , which is part of why I gave it two stars -RRB- , but my old phone rarely got interference unless the microwave was running . It also seems to be causing a lot more interference on our baby monitor than our old cordless . I 've read a lot of good things about Uniden , so I 'm planning on returning this one to try another model .
 The phone worked only 4 weeks - suddenly the handset stopped working , the base and answering machine still worked , meaning I could only recieve calls via speakerphone and not call out at all . I called customer service at least 20 times , after holding for a while the computer said that there is an overload of calls and hung up on me . After several weeks -LRB- I work and therefore have little time to call -RRB- I reached a customer service representative . She instructed me to perform a series of test , indicating that this specific phone often has the problem that `` the base and the handset do not communicate '' . Well , the tests showed no results . Another series of calls before I reached a customer service representative who told me to send the phone to them , they would repair it and send it back to me within 6-8 weeks . When I asked what I should use in the interim -LRB- I have another phone but no other answering machine -RRB- , I was told that unfortunately they have no suggestion . I have one
 Please reconsider pruchasing this phone . Uniden phones use NICKEL-CADMIUM -LRB- Ni-Cad -RRB- batteries . Under typical use , after 3-4 months , I would be surprised if you got more then 1 hour of use out of it . They develop a terrible memory problem if you are not obsessive-compulsive about using the battery to the fullest before placing it back on the charger/cradle . So , under normal , typical use , this phone 's performance -LRB- or any Uniden cordless phone , for that matter -RRB- in under 4 months will be very upseting . I will never buy another phone that uses Ni-Cad batteries . EVER !
 We purchased this phone last year when our cordless went to telephone heaven . It worked great for about 9 months , then it started acting funny . For one thing , the phone suddenly refused to charge if the keypad was facing in -LRB- toward the base -RRB- . Just last week , the phone began to emit a strange buzzing noise at periodic intervals in the conversation ; changing the channel on the phone , recharging it completely and moving to another room did not resolve the problem . Once every three or four months , the answering machine `` resets '' itself , losing the time and date and our greeting message.One thing I found uncomfortable about the phone is the proximity of the `` Talk '' button to my jaw . When I cradle the phone between my shoulder and head while talking , I inevitably hang up on the caller . Sometimes it does n't hang up - it just puts the person `` on hold '' and I can click back into them . This , of course , is quite random.Another feature I do n't care for is the fact that you must delete the message while you 're listening to it . If you have any old messages , you must hit PLAY , then delete it . Not a major incovenience , just a minor annoyance.Occasionally , the answering machine will pick up on the second ring instead of the fourth as it normally does . Again , random.The phone base fits well on our wall and the phone itself is easy to use . The ring tones and volume is adjustable and the channel features are useful .
 We bought this phone a couple of months ago . The handset no longer holds a charge , and constantly complains if it 's not put back on the base immediately after each use . You can not check the messages on the answering machine when you are actually using the handset on a call , either . The caller ID funtion is counterintuitive . We hoped this phone would work for all our needs , but it has proven only to frustrate the entire family . We do not reccomend this phone , or others by Uniden .
 Quality is a disappointment . The clarity on this phone is very good but no where in the tech data did it mention the volume of in/out recorded messages and the ring on the handset can not be totally silenced . This is a real nuisance when used in settings where silent operation is necessary . At it 's lowest setting messages can still be heard from the base unit by anyone in the room . Additionally , the handset quit working after only 1 year.This is the 2nd Uniden product that quit on me . A similar phone by G.E.has lasted me 10 years without a hitch .
 The short battery life is a gigantic problem . Sure the caller ID and speakerphone are nice to have on the handset . But guess what -- without a fully charged battery , the phone is completely useless ! You ca n't dial without a charged handset -LRB- other phones will let you -RRB- . You ca n't get caller ID without a charged handset -LRB- other phones will let you -RRB- . And the kicker is ... you ca n't get a charged handset without a charged handset . Due to a combination of the connectors not working properly and identical and misleading feedback lights , the phone can sit happily for hours on the base appearing to charge , but in reality NOT CHARGING . You 'll only find this out when it suddenly dies 30 seconds into your call -- because there 's no battery meter ! Who thinks these things up ?? This thing is not user-friendly . Oh , BTW , the range sucks too , and everyone will complain about the sound quality -LRB- `` it sounds like you 're talking into a tin can '' is the most frequent comment -RRB- . Do yourself a favor . Get a different phone .
 If this model did what it is advertized to do , it would be a good buy . I like the look and feel of the unit . But the unit I received did not work properly , at least after a few weeks . I should have returned it then for a refund or exchange , but did not . That was my mistake . Instead , about a month after I bought the unit , I called the Uniden repair service , explained my problem , and was told it would have to be returned for repair . It was still well within the warranty period . I returned the unit , paying for the shipping . In an accompanying letter , I stated that I thought I should get a new unit , rather than a repaired one . This request was ignored . After a month , I got the unit back , and the most serious problem -- I could receive calls but no one could hear me -- was repaired , but another one -LRB- I could n't dial when the phone was on the cradle , one of its advertized features -RRB- was not . I am going to live with this problem , because I ca n't afford to ship it back and wait a month or so for the repair.Incidentally , I chose this particular unit because it was the top recommendation of Consumer Reports . This is not the first time I have gotten burned by one of their top picks on an electronic product .
 We bought this phone only because it was the cheapest with Caller ID and an answering machine together . We were constantly hearing complaints from people we were talking to that we did not sound loud enough . The sound on our end was just as bad ! If you like to yell this phone if for you ... If not , look for something better .
 just as soon as I have time to call . Charged it as expected , made one phone call on it , and it has n't worked since . Tried plugging it in again , but life 's too short . I certainly did n't love the too-small , brushed-aluminum handset enough to want to keep it .
 I returned this phone one day after I bought it . Because every time I picked up the phone , I can hear a loud hum backgroud noise . I have one other cordless -LRB- 900mhz -RRB- and two cord phones . None of them has this problem.Better try it before you buy !
 I want what I ordered.You did not send me what I ordered . Graphing Calculator with Memory , Equation Solver , Statistics , Black TEXTI83PLUS ; Thats what I ordered and thats what I want . Do n't try tobait and switch me.Not cool amazon ... not cool at all !
 Ordered this item and everything went fine . However , my order status now says I purchased the only the CD , but the link still takes me to this item and has the same ASIN . Order confirmation email confirms it was not the CD at the time of purchase.Not a bait-and-switch , but fraud to change the item after purchase .
 I am a engineer . My husband is an engineer . Our children will most likely be engineers , too . Yet , it does n't take an engineer to see that this sub-type graphing calculator boasts a price only $ ... less than the TI-89 , with the capabilities of a well...suped-up TI-83 . It is supposed to be the second to lowest graphing calculator , yet TI markets these as the equivalent of the sports car version of a calculator -LRB- TI-89 -RRB- , and why ? Gimmicks ! Do n't fall for the pretty silver . A real mathematician/scientist/engineer does n't care about color when it comes down to crunch time , and if your kids are serious about school , they 'll be more impressed with a TI-86 which is $ ... cheaper than `` my parents know nothing about calculators so they bought me the prettiest one '' than getting that overpriced swatch-watch looking calculator . Do the math , before you buy this calculator to do it for you .
 I ORDERED THIS AFTER READING THE MODEL AND THE TEXAS INSTRUMENT WEB SITE.WHEN I ORDERED IT THE PICTURE SHOWED THE CORRECT PICTURE OF THE TI-83 PLUS GRAPHING CACLULATOR . AFTER 2 DAYS I CLICKED THE LINK AND NOW IT SHOWS ME A NEW CALCULATOR AND STILL HAS THE TI-83 DETAILS.BUT NOW IT IS A CHEAP CALCULATOR THAT HAS NO GRAPHING BUT STILL LISTS IT AS THE TI-83 PLUSI HAVE NOT RECIEVED IT AS OF YET BUT I SMELL A BAIT AND SWITCHIN MY EYESTexas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing CalculatorIF THIS DOES HAPPEN I WILL FILE A COMPLAINT WITH THE BBB AGAINST AMAZON AS WELL AS SELLERI GUESS AMAZON IS NOT THE PLACE TO SHOP ANY MORE USED TO BE A GOOD PLACE BUT SEEMS LIKE THE BAIT N SWITCH HAS BEEN MORE FREQUENT TO THIS SITE THESE DAYS.WHO NEEDS THE HASSELhere is the detailsGraphing Calculator with Memory , Equation Solver , Statistics , Black TEXTI83PLUSbut not what is thereBEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My company purchased an HP 32E for my use in 1981 . When my own calculator failed -LRB- after a very short life -RRB- , I bought an HP 34C . Now that I am familiar with the Reverse Polish Notation , I will never willingly go back . I now teach college chemistry , and every semester students come to me to find out how to use their -LRB- predominantly TI -RRB- calculators . The current crop of TIs is -LRB- IMO -RRB- counterintuitive .
 Received TI-83 Graphing Calculator `` used - like new '' . product was approx $ 70 - STOPPED working by the fourth time it was being used . Seller would NOT do an exchange/refund -LRB- even though it was within 30 days of original purchase -RRB- . Look elsewhere .
 I bought this calculator for $ 120 , and although I had some gripes with the convoluted combination of buttons I had to press in order to get certain results , it worked well and seemed fairly versatile . But one day , five months after I bought it , the display went completely wonky . I performed a master reset , which worked for three days , and then the display screwed up again . Shortly thereafter , the calculator stopped working altogether . I called customer service , and they advised me to try all the things I had already tried . They did n't seem to understand that it was n't simply out of batteries , but dead . And now I ca n't return it , having lost the receipt when I moved shortly after buying the calculator -LRB- mea culpa , I admit -RRB- , but for God 's sake , I still have the packaging , which has a little box with a serial number and says `` Proof of Purchase , '' but according to TI , does not Prove that it was Purchased . They gave me the options of 1 . -RRB- Drop $ 120 on a new calculator , 2 . -RRB- Drop $ 170 on our TI 84 Plus , now with extra unnecessary features , or 3 . -RRB- Have a nice day , sir .
 The Ti-83 is a technological marvel , it is the only electronic device that stays in its original price range no matter how old it gets . These specs are n't just out of date , they 're so old that you would expect them to be preceded by the phrase `` remember when ... `` The Ti-83 Plus came out in 1999 . Aside from an extremely small amount of extra flash memory , it 's the same as the Ti-83 released in 1996 . And the Ti-83 itself is really not much different than the Ti-82 which came out in 1993 . But somehow after all this time the price has n't moved . Seriously , look at the listed specs
 Negative 5 stars . Lets be real people , the mere existence of this device is perturbing . It is the one electronic that has evolved absolutely none in 15 years and gone UP in price !! My friend bought one recently in a pinch , he thought it might help him with calculus . I figured it 'd have some new chip technology and would graph at a reasonable rate . Both no . So then I downloaded a FREE graphing calculator app on my outdated Android phone . And it 's friggin marvelous
 I only purchased this item because I had to have it for a class in collage . But what I recieved was a dinged up hunk of junk with a screen that has a line threw it that makes it very hard to read the anwsers to the calculation you put into it . No good , just junk . I could have got a nock off brand from Wallgreens for $ 14 and it would have dune the job . So to sum up how I feel about this Is I paided to much for a abused and broken calculator .
 I received the above item with a battery that was corroded . I installed a new , uncorroded battery into the graphing calculator but the calculator did not work . I contacted the company and they reported that in 2 years they have never had a complaint . They did instruct me to mail it back with a copy of the e-mail regarding the problem with the calculator . We shall see how the replacement works .
 These calculators -LRB- including the TI-89 -RRB- are not worth the price . They just do n't have any important features , unless you are doing statistics . And ALL of the features are better implemented in any of dozens of calculator apps for smartphones . That being said , these are durable and do what they are designed for , albeit for an outrageous price tag.More importantly though , why does TI think that this is a reasonable price for the same product that has been out for 15 years ? It was great when it came out , but for almost $ 100 TI really needs to improve their product .
 ... but 0 stars for reliability . After 2 years of use , my son 's TI-83 Plus is kaput . He can not see the print on the screen -LRB- and , yes , we tried all the `` 2nd/up '' contrast settings , removing the batteries and resetting steps , etc. . Even called customer service -RRB- . They say his silver screen is shot . Only $ 58.00 to replace with a reconditioned calculator !! I am inclined to say it 's quite a scam that every student in his school is required to buy a TI-83 or 84 , because I would love to try a HP to see if the quality is any better .
 I order this product for my statistics class I 'm taking next term . When I got the calculator is was already used -LRB- Which I was not told -RRB- ! The package was poorly taped shut ! And the calculator is out dated , it says on the back that is was made in 1999 , It 's over ten years old!I thought I was getting a great deal , but in the end it was a waste . I 'm going to spend the hundred on a brand new calculator.So be wise and spend the extra money on a new calculator and not on this crap .
 I received a TI-83 calculator in the mail -LRB- a few WEEKS late -RRB- . From the very start it was defective . It had a lot of trouble turning on and it was a 10-15 minute process getting it to do so . After a month , the thing stopped turning on all together . The seller will do anything to avoid refunding people as well . DO N'T EVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER ! IT WILL BE A TERRIBLE DECISION ! BUY FROM SOMEONE ELSE WHO MIGHT ACTUALLY GIVE YOU A REFUND FOR A BROKEN PRODUCT .
 This product was purchased for my high school daughter to use in advance math class . It worked fine for the first two weeks , but now only works intermittently . When it 's not working , the display blinks and displays bogus characters . We replaced the batteries , but still have the same problems . So much for buying used electronices ... I guess I learned my lesson !
 Make sure to get a new one . The used ones that say they are like new are not true . The used one I received was way below what I expected .
 I purchased a graphing calculator that does n't graph ! All of the other functions work , except for the graphing . I bought a very expensive scientific calculator . Very dissapointed with this seller !
 The used item did n't work but they handled it very well . I returned it , got a refund , etc. and they were very polite .
 This calculator arrived without the instruction manual or cable as was advertised . Additionally there was no packaging therefore , this could easily have been a used calculator . Syarcusecalculus replied that because it was part of a teacher kit there was no packaging and that it was not supposed to come with a cable -LRB- the ones in the store do -RRB- but did apologize for the missing manual . Then , after I returned the item I did not receive my refund til 6 weeks later , & only after I contacted them again . Finally after I gave them a poor rating they offered me $ 20 to change my rating to 5 star . Instead I changed it to 2 stars and added these last two sentences .
 I am an engineer , working on various algebraic and arithmetic problems frequently during each day . Like most engineers , I have a computer at my desk for doing the tricky stuff -LRB- ideally with tools like Mathcad or Mathematica -RRB- . I thought I would get this calculator for the routine numerical insight stuff . It also remembers to stay in radians when you turn the power off -LRB- which many other `` lesser '' calculators do n't -RRB- . What a mistake ! Lets say I have just calculated a result . Now I want to find the square root of it . On my trusty old HP-32S at home , I press the `` sqrt '' key . On this calculator I press `` sqrt '' `` 2nd '' `` ANS '' '' -RRB- '' `` ENTER '' -LRB- 5 keys -RRB- . Basically the EOS system -LRB- which this uses -RRB- does not allow you to see intermediate results other than by going through the above rite . I think TI is hoping this calculator will replace my computer - no chance ! I 'm taking it back .
 This calculator is not worth the money it costs to buy , its like your grandfathers calculator . TI has failed to improve on even basics like screen resolution . Why ? because TI has a monopoly on the market , most math text books today only show how to use TI and most teachers learned on the same them selves and are unfamiliar with other brands . TI can sit comforatbly where it stands , selling mediocre calculators for exorbant prices , reguardless of advances in technology , because thay know you will struggle in any math class without it . Come on TI where is the improvement ?
 Terrible , I was sent one calculator that did not work . Then I returned that one and was sent another calculator that did not work , it had lines all over the screen it was something that could not be fixed . I have been out of a calculator for about a month now because of this .
 it 's a TI-83 . Not much to be said there . It worked for about a week before I started getting display issues on my screen . Changed batteries , rested , etc etc. . No help .
 I bought this calculator from amazon.com in June , 2012 based on the reviews by other users . The product was working fine for 6 months and suddenly stopped working . On switching on the calculator you see just cursor . You cann ' t type in anything . I worked with customer support and created RMA -LRB- after some troubleshooting -RRB- . The company replaced the calculator by reconditioned calculator . Not sure if this was a specific issue with my calculator . The usage of calculator was minimal in home environment .
 Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math / scientific calculator . Apparently , TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI 's Website . However , the calculator is complicated to use , and you almost need a course to learn how to use it . Furthermore , the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you.At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out . But let me assure you they are definitely there , and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead .
 I purchased a calculator from this service . I was extremely dissapointed with what I received . Although I only used the calculator a few months after I received it -LRB- but left it in the box untouched -RRB- , when it came time for my Chemistry class in College , I was presented with a calculator that did not even turn on . I know a bit about computers so I did troubleshoot to no avail . Not only that , the seller refused to send me a refund or a replacement at all , which is terrible because I have a quiz tomorrow expecting me to have a calculator , and now I need to go run to a store and shell out over a hundred dollars for a new one . **** The thing that bothers me the most is that it is clearly in terrible condition an not able to function . The reset button has received a SERIOUS beating and is actually smashed into the calculator , and as I said before , it also does not even turn on . Does this seller even test its products before sending them out.With my order , this seller was totally neglegent and did not help me in the slightest when I received this obviously faulty product.Even though they got some good reveiws -LRB- which is why I purchased from them -RRB- you dont want to be `` small statistic '' which gets faulty hardware when you really need it and then has your money more or less stolen from you.STAY AWAY !
 This is the same thing they were selling when I was in high school . Just get a smart phone app kids .
 The package was not opened after I received it . The item was sent immediately back , because I found the object was no longer needed . And for three months I was continuously told the item was not received and was not told whether or not I would get my money back .
 I 've had this calculator for about a month and I hardly use it , just for chemistry once a week , and it 's already broken . I would n't have paid 60 bucks for a calculator that lasted maybe a month . I 'm definitely upset with the product .
 really upset i got a semi working calculator . the 0 and negative sign does not work . :-LRB- and I still paid a lot for it be careful
 When I received the product I realized that it would n't turn on even with new batteries . It seemed to have some battery corrosion from the previous owner . However , when my mom tried it worked . So I decided to get it . Then about 2 weeks later , when I was taking a math test , 3 of the number buttons were n't working . I was so frustrated ! At least it was easy to return and I was refunded -LRB- not including shipping it back -RRB- . I really wish I would have just went to Walmart to begin with . I could have saved a lot of time and hassle .
 The graphic calculator i ordered came with a case and a graphic cord . The one i receoved is totally different.I ca n't find a customer service number to talk to anyone.Very disappointed .
 This product was not worth the cheap price I paid for it . The buttons stick and the axis do n't show up . so as a graphing calculator its pretty much useless . I should have paid a little more to get a better product .
 The calculator was out of order after i got it for three days the product looks fine but doesnt work . it shows only black screen i am thinking about return it . is that too late for now ?
 I was very unhappy with my purchase . The item was a lot older then what was originally said to be . the back was missing the battery compartment was damaged the screen barely shows the numbers and this item was not very good and not worth the money I spent on it . making me not want to buy from amazon anymore .
 Texas instruments has not significantly changed either the price or the calculator in the decade since I purchased mine . I have to imagine that their prices have not changed because they are the only company on the planet still purchasing 24kb ram chips and low resolution screens . This calculator probably costs them 2 dollars to make and they continue to overcharge because they have a completely captive market in schools . I imagine if you are purchasing this , you do n't have a choice , but if you do , this antiquated piece of junk should be avoided at all costs .
 The TI calculator company has a monopoly on the calculator business because it is the official calculator of all of the major college entrance exams & others . It 's 2012 , our cell phones have color , our portable video games are in 3D , but the TI series still has a cabbage green screen and the computing power of the original game boy , all the while costing as much as any new electronic device while being made with 15 year-old technology . It 's atrocious .
 If you think getting a TI calculator -LRB- or any graphing calc . -RRB- will help you get higher grades you are absolutely wrong . Having graduated high school , never once using a graphing calculator , I got all A 's in math . It 's not the calculator that does the work its you . A scientific is a -RRB- easier to use and b -RRB- all you need.If youre a college student , still it 's work ethic , not the calculator that determines your success . But I can understand you now need a graphing calculator , so let me suggest to you the Casio . The Casio calculators are underrated -LRB- TIs are overrated x a million -RRB- and cheaper and user friendly and equivalent if not better than a TI 83 . Do n't just get a TI cause everybody else does .
 I AM STILL WAITING FOR MY CALCULATOR AND I AM VERY UPSET THAT I HAVE BEEN TREATED LIKE THIS . IT WAS SUPPOSE TO BE SENT OCT 19 I DO N'T BELIEVE THAT THEY EVEN SENT IT . HOW DOES PEOPLE STAY IN BUSINESS THAT DOES THIS .
 well after a few weeks the calculator started actin weid screnn started changin colors and not working properly i didnt like it .
 Was working good for a few days but after it just started to blurr and the number and anything else is no longer visible
 I do not recommend purchasing products from this seller . My son owned this calculator for just under a month and it stopped working !! He took very good care of it and stored it in a safe place when not in use too .
 The calculator stopped working after 3 months of use . I am very disappointed in the product and now had to spend more money to replace it with a new one .
 For over than 2 weeks i did not get the calculator but I get my money back . But I lost 2 weeks without studying to my daughter .
 the calculator was scratched and it didnt come with a cover , nor a usb cable . The picture displayed the cover and the usb cable
 Once the batteries died - replacements batteries done work . Waste of money . It was great while it worked for the 1st month . Then no good !
 Parents
 I 've had my TI-83 since August 2003 . Thirteen months later , September 2004 , it refuses to turn on . I 've done everything Texas Instruments has told me to do -LRB- which takes forever just to reach a real person -RRB- . I was n't going to pay for service when it was only one month past the warranty . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I purchased last year for my son . He used a handful of times and then it simply quit . It contains a watch battery and 4 AAA batteries , After replacing all the batteries , It remains DEAD . I would not recommend this product . BUYER BEWARE !
 The quality of the used item I received is terrible ! Not at all the equality I was expecting for the price . The used TI-83 graphing calculator is missing the battery cover , has no instruction pamphlet , and is filthy dirty . All of the keys stick and I do n't even want to touch it . The seller should be ashamed of themself . This is not the quality I would expect from Amazon.com .
 I got this calculator last year it wont turn on I do not reccomend .
 Do n't buy it if you want it for the University
 The seller stated that the calculator was `` likr new '' and when it arrived , we did not know how to use it until my son began learning to in school . Until then , it sat on a desk for a month untouched . As soon as my son began to use the calculator , he noticed that the bottom of the screen was faded away so that you could not see the entire graph or calculation . Now the seller refuses to return & refund !
 If you 're under 30 you 've probably used one of these before , and it works just as you 'd expect . The question is , why are we still paying 100 dollars for technology from the stone age ? Probably the same reason I spent 300 dollars for a single book . They were first introduced as the TI83 in 94 , and Texas Instruments just keeps on rolling in the dough . Unless you 've got a college professor that 's requiring you to buy this calculator ... DO N'T ! Do NOT ! buy it.Do yourself a favor and download Wabbitemu , then download the ROM from TI 's own website for free and run an emulation of the calculator on your PC . Or find and run an emulator on your smart phone . . When you can purchase a laptop for sub 300 dollars , why would anyone want to purchase a 100 dollar brick of technology ? Not to get all conspiracy theory ... but this whole education system is starting to feel a lot like a ponzi scheme .
 Do n't buy it if you want it for the University
 This is just awful . The TI-83 is one of the worst devices I have ever used . It is completely useless . First of all , it 's the 21st Century , okay ? It still does not have a color screen -LRB- at least 256-bit LCD -RRB- ; it lacks wireless functionality , forcing you to use the exasperating , cheap , and short cables ; it 's WAY too bulky and long . Seriously , this thing looks hideous , it could 've been much more compact but this is just gigantic and heavy . The screen lacks a backlight . Come on , Game Gears even had backlights . This is just so sad . Another big problem is that it has over a thousand buttons ! There are just WAY too many buttons . It also lacks a nice hard drive to store more data . The power button is just a regular button on the front , causing you to accidentally turn on/off -LRB- they should have made the power button a switch on the side -RRB- . The batteries are another issue ; they last about 2 hours . Let 's be serious here , how long have lithium-ion batteries been around ? 7-10 years ? It should have included a lithium-ion battery instead . The menus are just horrid ; they 're just unnecessarily long lists of random functions that are useless . They could have categorized the menus in a more efficient manner , and made them into scrollable icons or lists . No sound or speaker ? You 've got to be kidding me . They could have at least had a headphone jack on this thing . And with all of these flaws , the darn thing is overpriced like crazy ! This is a DEFINITE MUST NOT BUY ! Do n't waste your time or your money on this ugly thing . My advice to you , go buy a Pocket PC instead -LRB- or even a PSP , DS , or a new cell phone for that matter ; you get the same features but much nicer , cheaper , and efficient -RRB- . In simple words , STAY AWAY FROM THE TI-83 GRAPHICS CALCULATORS !
 All I have to say is that the item came very dirty and I had to clean it up . Then the enter button stopped working after a couple of days . I would 've returned it but my mom threw away the package it came in . I ended up getting a gift card from Target and used that to buy a new one . That 's the disavantage of buying used .
 I really needed this calculator for school so instead of buying a new one I bought a use one here , It Does not work so now I have to buy a brand new one . I should of done that in the first place , If I had the owners email I would demand a refund of my money
 This was the item I ordered , but was not the item I received from the seller . I went out a bought a new one while waiting on this seller to get in touch with me regarding a refund , which he never did . Amazon.com finally refunded my money themselves . This item , once I purchased it new , was very useful .
 I bought a graphic calculator from this seller and the description said it would come with the manual , instead I received what looks like a homemade CD but NO INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAME WITH THE GRAPHIC CALCULATOR AS PROMISED . I would not buy this unless you can get your instruction manual for this graphic calculator . I DID NOT GET WHAT I PAID FOR ! This was a bad sell . Still waiting for Amazon to do something about this.Im not happy with Amazon at this point or the sellers .
 I received the calculator but it does not work anymore and i have only used it for a little while and i have changed the batteries but nothing works . I am upset with my purchase since i didnt pay for whay i got . I paid for a god calculator and i didnt get that .
 I bought it in spember 2011 . It does not works very well . I shipped it back but the seller did not give me full refund . I lose twenty dollars for this product . So do not buy it , especially the refurbish !
 This item Did n't come with any batteries or even a case , it just came wrapped in bubble wrap . Wish I could return , could 've purchased for the same price with all of these included !
 Ordered product on 8/30/11 - estimated delivery by 9/12/11 which is today . . This item has not even been shipped yet . . No notificaton on why shipment is delayed
 I did n't get no TI 83 . The advert says TI 83 , but the item is actually TI 85 !??! What-a-guan ???
 The company that sold the use device showed it with the computer connector cable and the carrying case at list price . You can get it cheaper at radio shack .
 I just received my calculator , and I am disappointed in the condition that I have received it in.The description says that it includes the calculator itself , the case , four double A batteries , and the guidebook . All I received was the calculator . There were no batteries inside , there was no case on it , and there was no guidebook included in the package .
 The stupid calculater broke a week after I bought the thing . It wo n't turn on anymore even with new batteries . I expected better out of Amazon and will buy elsewhere next time .
 I bought this calculator for my teenager daughter . She used it once and it stopped working . I will never buy a used calculator agian !
 I was happy with how fast I received the item , but the keys on it are very sticky like something had been spilled on it and you really have to push hard on some of them to make them work . Not happy with that . I did not receive the USB cable with it either .
 I am not sure if it was the unit sent to me , but the screen was n't very visible . It was a bit complicated to learn and a bit pricey . : -LRB-
 I bought one with $ 15 rebate , sounds like a good deal . But the first one did n't work at all . I went back to the store and replaced with another one . This time it works , but the sound quality is pretty bad . I can still hear the other party , but the sound was very much distorted .
 I had the v9110 first and this is the phone vtech replaced it with . It is the worst cordless phone I have ever owned . They are replacing it agian with another model , but they do n't give you replacedments for the quality of the one you purchase originally.The 9118 has bad sound quality , 1/2 hour talk battery life and does n't pick up right away when you answer the phone . My opinion is the phone sucks !
 I had this phone only about a year and already the battery is dying whats worse is i cant find the battery for this phone anywhere its rediculous i had an old vtech 900mhz that is discontinued and i never needed the battery replaced i talked for 7 hours straight on that one the vt2428 ill be lucky if i can get an hour where can i find this battery ?
 Yes , reasonably priced and has many desirables features , but it sounds like your talking through a tin can . I ca n't recommend this as a primary phone , but maybe as a seldom used secondary one . Price is very competitive , sound quality is not .
 Bought this phone and it has horrible reception . There is a constant hissing noise in the reception . Turn up the volume and the hissing drowns out the person on the other line ...
 I bought this phone last year , and paid about $ 70 , and I really regret it now . The caller ID display does n't work anymore , so when we get phone calls , we have to try to figure out who 's calling based on the few readable characters . Plus , the battery is constantly dying , so I have to switch to my corded phone when I make a long phone call.A minor annoyance has been that the caller id will read phone numbers as such -LRB- xxx -RRB- xxx-xxxx . Which is fine , but one of the functions of the phone is supposed to be calling back a number on the caller id . However , the phone does n't know how to dial `` 1 '' before it dials the number , so the call never goes through . It displays the area code on local calls as well as long distance calls , so I 've never been able to use this function .
 I bought this phone when it was $ 50 or $ 60 about a year ago . I thought it would be a decent phone for the price . It was what I would classify as below par -LRB- and not as the good below par as in golf -RRB- . This phone never measured up to my expectations . It was cumbersome on the ear , had a terrible battery life , and only lasted me a year . One day my wife picks it up and all it will do is whistle at her . Despite several attempts to hang up the phone , take cords out of the wall and phone , the handset whistled on . My wife takes the phone into the other room and yanks the battery out of the handset to get it to stop . Finally , the phone gave up . And boy howdy , let me tell you , I 'm glad it did because any second my wife was expecting the phone to go up in flames and melt in her hand in turn setting the house on fire . Bottom line of this review is the following
 I bought the VTech 2426 in Aug. 2003 . I was never happy with the sound quality . I had learn how to position my ear on the handset to hear . Then in April the battery started dying . I could n't leave it off the cradle for more than 2 hours . I decided to contact VTech to lodge a complaint . They were willing to send me another 2426 phone . I was not satisfied and asked if there could be a replacement model . Well , my replacement will be the 2428 and now I have read that the 2428 has the same problems . STAY AWAY FROM 2426 and 2428 . Contact VTech Direct 1 8006245688 if you also have problems .
 Yes , this is a cheap phone in many ways ! I have had it since Aug. 2003 . This has been our primary phone . The features are easy to use and I like the different ring tones for certain callers . It worked great For several months . Since then it will not hold a charge . If you are on the phone for more than 30 min . or if it is left off of the cradle for more than two hours it will go dead . I have had static lately and called the phone company they said it was the phone . From the other reviews I may have gotten a lemon , all I know is that I am anything but happy with it 's performance .
 I have not been happy at all with the clarity of this particular phone . The battery has not ever worn down and people that I am talking with say I sound crystal clear , but there has never been one time that I have n't heard static . I live in a single family home and have no other electrical systems going that should interfere at all with it 's performance . In fact , I am planning on returning this phone to the store where I got it .
 Good features but it wo n't last.When I first bought this phone I really liked it . It had a lot of useful features and decent sound quality for a cheap price . Unfortunately the LCD screen failed after 6 months , rendering the caller ID and phone book features completely useless . Another 2 months later and it started to randomly shut off during a call . Tried a new battery but that was n't the problem . Sucks I paid $ 45 for a phone that worked for less than a year .
 I hate this phone it always dies ofter days of charging also at this very moment it says no line so i am also looking for a new phone any time you see a vtech run away NOW they are all crap i had a clear purple phone it broke i thought that it was that one phone
 My mother and I have had this phone for maybe a year and a half . At first the bettery seemed fine . Now it goes out if you leave it off the hook for more then a few hours . Even when we got a replacement battery it still went out!I HATE THIS PHONE !
 i really dont like the phone . the battery doesnt last to long . . its not worth the money
 I had only heard good things about this brand until I purchased the phone and saw a different side . My husband and I purchased the phone from the extra money we received from our wedding . We have been disappointed ever since . We have had the phone for only 8 months and the battery life seems to only last 1 or 2 days max without being charged again . When we have charged it , by the end of the day we already need to recharge it . But I must admit that the frequency of it is great . But the quality of the phone is poor . If the date of return had not expired we would have taken it back to get our money back .
 Do not waste your money !!! I bought this phone in July . At first i was satisfied ... Then I was n't . First of all it was the reception and the voice volume . The reception was always static static static and the voice volume was terrible ! Whenver you would talk you would hear your voice echo and you would hear a clicking sound . The ringers are annoying and terrible . But some people are saying that the battery life is n't long . I fully charged the battery and purposly left the phone off the charger for a battery life test . The battery lasted 6-7 days without being charged and was used constantly ! I do not reccomend this phone at all !
 it started buzzing continuously and loudly . It 's worthless now . Cheap enough though . I guess you could just buy one every year and consider it disposable .
 I was so cautious when we bought this phone . I remember bad Unidens growing up , but thought a Consumer Report Best Buy would n't lead us wrong . I even bought a phone for my mother . WELL -- it does n't always charge in the wall-mounted base and at times we had to stick a pencil behind it to make the charge light go on . It makes strange inteference buzzing noises , and 9 months into the phone the ringer became so quiet we could n't hear it if we were in the same room . I called the company who convinced me it was a battery issue , spent money on a new battery , followed their recommendations once again , and ca n't talk on the phone for more than 30 minutes before the low battery light beeps at me . I give up !
 Just after a couple a months my phone has started to die , I have replace the battery and still it does not work like it should . I would n't recommend this product to anyone.Update
 I have had my phone for just over a month and it is already falling apart . I wish I had not purchased it .
 After these were rated a best buy in Consumer Reports I bought three of them -LRB- bases and handsets -RRB- for my house . After a few months two of them developed a problem with charging . When you drop the handset into the cradle , it does not make good contact with the charging elements . If you jiggle it a bit , the red `` charging '' light comes on , and it charges . This has been annoying for the past six months , as sometimes you pick up the phone to answer a call , and the handset is dead as it was not charging in the cradle . Cleaning the contacts on the phone and the base has made no difference . The problem has gradually progressed , and now even with jiggling , on one set no contact can be made , and the handset will not charge . At -LSB- the price -RSB- / each , it would be more trouble to return them than they are worth - I am going to throw them away , and replace them -LRB- with a different brand -RRB- . It is curious that no one else has reported this problem , but it happened to two of three of these phones I purchased .
 I am very disappointed in the quality of this model . I purchased two , and I 'm returning both . Coverage is poor , and CID does not work in all outlets in my house . Very strange . Uniden customer service pretty much confirmed that this model is n't very good . I 'm much more satisfied with my Panasonic . I 'm going to order a couple more of them to replace the Unidens .
 Shortly after puchasing the phone it died . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The Amazon price was right 12/2003 $ 19 but reception is noisy when I move around in my small house . My old 800 MHz phone has much , much better range . I would n't buy this phone again at any price . It would be REALLY foolish to pay the current $ 2901/2004 .
 I bought this phone in the fall and by the summer it had died . Until then it was a good phone , very good range . Great for people who buy phones like calenders . -LRB- One every year -RRB-
 I 've tried two of these phones , and neither worked for me . EVERY time I used the phone there would be a loud , obnoxious buzzing sound emitted that was audible to both parties on the call . According to the Uniden manual , this is NOT a defect , but is caused by `` Interference from some other electronic or major appliance in the house '' . Well , since I have had many other phones which were not suceptible to this interference , I returned the phone.Two out of two failures , for me , means I probably wo n't try another Uniden phone in the near future .
 Junk , junk , junk . What else can I say . Good phone if you never make or receive calls . It is Ivory , though . The phone starts to have feedback ... you know , it SCREAMS in your ear when you are using it.My cellular is better by far . I have a sony and it is good .
 Phone was fine while it worked . Liked the caller ID and name / number storage , though it was a bit cumbersome . But after 9 months it started with a loud buzzing . Getting it replaced under warranty - though that one will probably die also
 This Phone is very deceiving!It looks nice has a lighted display very well put together!Well all would be great if the caller ID would work!all that comes up is `` incomplete data '' everytime I get a phone call , when I hang up the phone it sometimes then decides to tell me who called!This phone is worthless !!! Dont be fooled !!!
 you 'd be better off using two cans and string than this POS !
 After reading these amazing reviews , I purchased this phone . After all , it was inexpensive . However , I have trouble with this phone . First , I get a lot of static when walking around my house . Secondly , I have always had problems charging this phone . The connectors are bad . It may be worth the price , but I 'd rather pay more for better quality .
 This phone picks up microwave frequencies . I thought 2.4 GHZ were not suppose to do this . Also , I will charge the battery overnight , and then when I 'm on a call , I get that darn beeping sound alerting me my battery is about to die . This is a brand new battery . It should n't do this . I finally bought another phone which I love ! I got the Panasonic KX-TG2352W and so far it is the best cordless I have ever owened . I will never go back to cheap phones .
 I live in a very small apartment , so I am never far from the base to this phone and yet the reception constantly goes in & out if I so much as turn my head to the side . Not to mention , I often times have trouble hearing the person on the other end & have to raise the volume all the way up . My mother tried it & agreed , she said it was like talking into a tin can . I am very disappointed !
 We got this phone as a wedding gift not more that six months ago . After about three months , it began malfunctioning . Sometimes , when the phone rang and you tried to answer it , it would not answer . It would also not charge when you put it back on the base , so the battery would go dead and there was nothing we could do . We tried to contact Panasonic to have it fixed , but we kept getting the customer no-service run around and finally gave up . I recently accidentally dropped the phone off the kitchen counter , and the antenna broke-so it 's not too durable either . I came to Amazon.com and purchased the VTech VT 1920c digital cordless phone with caller ID - strangly ... the same price as this phone .
 I have purchased this phone twice now . Panasonic usually makes quality products , but both phones were duds ! The antenna bends and therefore the clarity is n't so great .
 I brought this phone twice , thinking that the first one was defective.It had a very loud destortion level that seemed to increase with the length of time one stayed on the phone . The speakerphone worked great , the handset was comfortable , its just to bad i could n't understand anyone I was talking to with the handset . Look somewhere else .
 I agree with the previous review that this phone has an impressive functional capability , but I think the one that I received was released from manufacturing on Quality Assurance 's day off . Fresh out of the box , all audio information changed volume level in a random manner , with no programming.This includes receive signals well asinformational beeps . At times the received signal would fade away entirely ; even with the user standing next to the base unit.While programming inputs to the Directory , the `` save '' key began sticking . Again , the occurence was random ; at times it would operate properly and at other times the key would have to be pushed from two to six times before the command would be executed.I reluctantly concluded that this puppy was not going to heal itself and that my only re course was to box it up and return it . I am getting another model Panasonic and trust that it will perform up to my expectations since I have one other Panasonic that has been flawless .
 I loved this phone . It had great features and it seemed well made and durable . Everyone in my family liked the phone . I thought I had finally found the perfect cordless phone . It stopped working after approximately 28 days . So I continue in my quest for the perfect cordless phone .
 We have been looking for a 900 Mhz DSS phone with answeringmachine for a couple of weeks -LRB- in white only -RRB- . I thought this phonewould be good , but I went to a store to check it out ... and found thehandset is very small and thin . It is so small it is difficult tohold the phone between your sholder and ear . I did n't want the extraexpense of buying a headset , so we passed
 I bought one of these because I wanted a well made phone . Unfortunately , it was very uncomfortable to hold , and the channel button got in the way when I was talking ... my chin kept hitting it and making it beep ! I got so frustrated with how ergonomically lousy it was that I returned it and got a Sony . The Sony is fine , by the way .
 I am very disappointed with this phone . The reception is very poor on this product and it is impossible to hear the other person on the other line . The white color is also an annoying factor . I noticed that my phone became very dirty with dark blotches on it . My answering machine also has a problem so I called Panasonic and they said they could n't fix it . I believe Sony gives refunds or exchanges phones for you . However , Panasonic does not . I wasted my money on this phone .
 This phone has terrible reception . I can barely hear the other person on the line , there is a `` Loud '' button to press , but it only increases the loudness of my own voice , and increases the static on the line . I do not recommend !
 I thought I was buying a refurbished item but was just buying a used phone . It still had the previous persons greeting . It shot craps two months after purchase . I expect Ebay items to be used not Amazon items but now I know and 30 bucks is a relatively cheap lesson .
 Bought this phone , charged it up and instantly noticed problems with the sound quality . Sound cut in and out frequently and it was hard to carry on a conversation . If the other end is another 2.4 system or a cell phone , the callee typically has a real hard time following the conversation . Also , this phone is hard to use which is apparently a typical problem with these new phones . I also really missed the 10 number speed dial . After fully charged I also found the handset very warm , almost too warm to handle . The keys are also very easy to accidently push which can cause problems if you are on the phone talking to someone . Yuck ! Returned this one . I 've experienced similar problems with other 2.4 GHz phones , so this may be problematic for these new phones . I will probably go back to the less trendy but more reliable 900MHz phone line .
 As another reader wrote , I , too , am now receiving `` Out of Range '' messages on my phone . That means that the handset is unable to communicate with the base , thus rendering the phone useless
 I have owned this phone now for about a year . The first problem I observed with it is a problem with calling numbers in the phone book . You find the person you want to call , push talk , and nothing happens . However , try again a few more times , and bingo , it works . Annoying , but not the end of the world . The next problem , annoying clicking during calls , do n't even have to be far away from the base for this to happen . Does n't happen every call , but enough to now want me to get another phone . The latest problem , I place the phone back on the base , and it wo n't charge . I have to spend 30 seconds giggling it around to get it to sit correctly so the thing will charge.This phone had a lot of potential , but I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I have had this phone for quite a while now and it did n't work right about 2 months into its use . All of a sudden during my conversations it would get fuzzy for about 1 second then come back . It would do this about every 7 seconds without stopping . I talked to panasonic and they said to replace the battery . Needless to say that did n't help either ... Also , my friend got one the same time I did and he had the same problem ! Do n't get this phone !
 I purchased this phone and it stopped working within the 1 year warranty . I mailed it to Panasonic over 2 months ago and still have n't gotten my phone back . The repair center does not return my calls . I will never buy another Panasonic product again .
 After using this for about a year , a recurring `` Out of Range '' problem occurs . This phone is not worth your money . I 'm never buying a Panasonic cordless phone again .
 After reading all the positive reviews for this phone , I was expecting to be impressed . This is our 4th cordless phone , and by far the worst.The caller 's voice is muffled and quiet . The microphone picks up background noise and seems to amplify it through the speaker , so even with the slightest amount of background noise it 's very difficult to understand what is being said . The handset does n't seem to conform to the face well , so it feels very uncomfortable as I 'm trying straining to hear.With everyone else saying how clear reception is , I have to wonder if we have a dud on our hands.My other criticism of this phone is that there is no display on the handset , unlike all our previous phones . I 'm not the most careful dialer , and quite often make mistakes . Without a display , I ca n't tell if I 've entered the right number nor can I tell if Redial is recalling the number I expect.All in all , very very disappointed with this phone .
 i bought two of these phones a year ago and they both have ceased to function ... when retrieving numbers from the caller id the screen will say `` out of range '' when I am right next to the base ... worked great , but did not last long ...
 This phone started out great but is now a frustrating andnearly useless piece of countertop clutter . I loved all of thefeatures and had no problem with the interface , as suggested by theproduct review . Great clarity , range , and lots of speed dial slots.The phone just up and quit on me after a while . Mine lasted for anmiraculous 13 months . I 've never mistreated this phone , but juuustafter the warranty expired , it began saying `` out of range `` even if I was right next to the base unit . So I could n't check callerID . Also , regularly I 'll hit the talk button , but ca n't get adialtone , sometimes for hours . Puzzling . It 's most recent trick was todelete my entire stored-number memory . ... It also forgot myprogrammed voicemail number . And for all three of its antennas , Ica n't get a clear signal anymore . Very scratchy . My friend owns thesame phone and has had the same problems I describe here and that youcan see dotted throughout the other reviews . DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE ! -LRB- unless you just like buying a new one each year or sooner -RRB- . ... END
 I really liked this phone out of the box . The reception was great , range good , caller ID good , solid feel and good looks . -LRB- note ; had this phone but the model with the caller ID -RRB- After 9-10 months of use , however , the phone is useless . The reception is pathetic -LRB- ca n't understand the caller even when right beside the base -RRB- , calls do n't go through to the handset even when in the charger and I 'm always getting the ` Out of Range ' message -LRB- again , even when right beside the base -RRB- . May have been a dud but I expect to get more than 1 year out of even the cheapest phone . Am shopping for a replacement right now and would not even consider this phone , even at a fraction of the price !
 I foolishly bought two of these phones -- one for my business line and one for my personal line.The reception is terrible . Even if I am sitting right next to the base unit I find that the quality is hit or miss.Many times I 'll start a call and the reception will be find . Fifteen minutes into the call I 'll start getting this terrible buzzing sound that continues and only gets worse . I am not positive but I think for some reason the phone starts to lose its security code with the base unit.The phone also claims you can change `` channels '' if your reception gets fuzzy . This has never helped me.I 've been across the room -- less than 20 feet -- and tried to use the phone and I 've sporadically gotten the `` No Signal '' sign -- meaning the unit could n't communicate with the base.I 'm not sure what the problem is , but since I have two of these units -LRB- and both behave just as poorly -RRB- I am nearly 100 % positive it is some type of design flaw . I 'd avoid these expensive units as the extra money spent surely has n't bought me anything extra in terms of clarity or distance.The range is nothing spectacular . Do n't be fooled by the two antennas or any of the advertising gimmickry -- this phone is sub-par .
 I have the 2550S and it was great for well over a year and then it started going downhill ... 1 - The apparently famous `` Out of range '' notification . Always amazing whether one is right next to the base or directly above it on the next floor . Especially fun when the phone would ring , you press talk and it decides it ca n't reach the base suddenly ??? 2 - What we 've determined is the 10 minute static barrier . If we use the phone for a single conversation which goes above 10 minutes after not using it all day , it turns a horrid static state which is really hard to deal with . The person on the other end is all but inaudible .3 - Thinking it might be the battery -LRB- 10 minutes of consecutive or nearly consecutive talk causes a problem ? might be the battery -RRB- we bought a new one for ~ -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- which did _ nothing _ to resolve the problem.So , I 'm stuck with a dud phone which I will be replacing here soon enough . Based on what I 've read and my own experience , I wo n't be buying another panasonic even though the features themselves were quite nice.Caveat emptor .
 As with the other reviewers I have similiar `` out of range '' issues . The only way to remedy it is to unplug the phone . Now certain buttons on the phone no longer work with a simple touch , to dial you have to pound on the button.I am looking for a new cordless for Christmas and it will never be a Panasonic again !
 Hooked by the looks , intrigued by the GHz , and unhappy with replacing a fading-fast $ 20 battery in my old GE phone , I bought this beauty and hoped against hope it would cure my cordless phone blues . I admit that I had problems with another Panasonic phone in this same apartment-interference from car services , fire/police departments , actually hearing other people 's calls , dialing sounds , static , clicks ... you name it . Alas , this pretty little GHz item was not the fix . This highly touted phone did not pick up conversations or radio car calls but the hums and bursts of static happened so often my friends asked `` what IS that noise ? '' Changing channels did not help . The sound quality was also poor and even when I lowered the volume it still sounded bad . It also picked up background noise and distorted it enough to make it distracting to any conversation . I am sad to say this fabulous looking phone could not handle the communications Bermuda Triangle that is my apartment .
 This phone cost too much for item that works , properly , only for a few months !! do n't buy it without warranty for more then one year .
 I agree totally with everyone here . All of a sudden -LRB- like after 6 months of use -RRB- the phone buzzes and hisses when i am on a call , attempting to change channels results in an `` out of range '' message - i have a studio in nyc - 30 ' is the max ill ever be from the base ! heavens forbid this is near ANY other electronic device - it goes mad ! stick with the less picky 900mhz or do like im about to do and skip panasonic alltogether in the cordless market !
 It 's hit or miss with this phone . When it works it 's great . My first one lasted less than one year with minimal use ; just one of 8 phones in our home . Second phone came DOA , hard to get dial tone like many others describe . I keep buying them and returning them until I can shake this lemon -LRB- I refuse to get stuck with a lousy service situation of mailing it away for repair etc. -RRB- . Hopefully three is a charm . I will never buy another Panasonic phone . They should simply replace bad phones instead of trying to stick people with garbage and losing customers forever . Bad business .
 I 'm really unhappy with this phone . It worked great for a little under a year , and now it 's totally unusable . Everything comes out very distorted and I can barely hear what anybody is saying . I really do expect a product like this to last more than a few months ! Given how many of the reviews mention reliability problems , I 'd recommend taking any review by somebody who has owned this phone for less than six months with a big grain of salt .
 I purchased this notebook for graph paper for algebra class for doing geography and line units . Big mistake . I ususally use a roller pen for graphing since the lines look bolder and dots look more detailed , and graphs look excellent . Not on this paper . First thing is that the roller pen tends to smear on the paper , making numbers and letters very uncomfortable to read , and become very blotty . The letters , especially on letters like e , m , k , and g , become blotted and look like different letters . Numbers are the same . Another thing noticeable is that the paper is not strong , and very weak . Roller pens leak through the paper and end up on the next page.This notebook was very dissappointing , and even more dissappointing is that it was made from Mead , the most popular and best paper company in the United States . Sadly , when it comes to grpahing paper , I will look elsewhere . If you 're using ballpoint pens or pencil , this will work , but anything else is awful .
 We were tired of cheap phones with fuzzy reception , so we wanted a top-quality phone with a lot of clarity . We sure did n't get it here . First off , it 's not the clarity one would expect from a 2.4 GHz phone and the answering machine 's quality is even worse . The answering machine features are not very user-friendly . I would like to be able to save certain messages and delete others - but it 's all or nothing . Looking up saved numbers is not user-friendly , either . Panasonic 's customer service on their website leaves much to be desired - all I want to know is if the phone is still in warranty . I do n't have to wait in a phone queue , then pay to ship the phone to another state ...
 The phone works ok but the answering machine sound quality is very poor . I returned it . It is definately not worth the money .
 I have searched about every phone looking for a replacement to our old Lucent tech phone . My mom 's requirements were for a phone w / built-in caller id and an answering system , and the phone had to be wall-mountable -LRB- the lucent was the same -RRB- . I found several phones that were good , had caller id , but lacked the answering system or were not easily wall mounted ... we bought this phone.The answering machine sound quality is acceptable . Not great , but acceptable . The mic is on the backside near the bottom . THe sound IS a significant improvement over the Lucent phone which had a very bad mic and fuzzy playback . Using the answering system is easy enough . The manual really is a necessity though , in order to program some of the options , because you have to know the number code for the option u want to set -LRB- # of rings , etc. . . -RRB- But it is not hard . Inputing names/numbers into the directory is easy.The real weakness is the 2.4 ghz transmission . I did a range test with my mom at work and me on the panasonic . I walked around the house and when I had a brick wall and one room between me and the phone -LRB- 30 feet about -RRB- the signal got choppy and cut out frequently . The signal only had good range when the phone was divided by less solid materials -LRB- wood/glass -RRB- and even then , I got just beyond 120 feet or so -LRB- 3 houses -RRB- when the phone cut out again and i had to run about 60 feet back to re-acquire contact with my mom ... The 2.4 ghz phones seem to all have problems with reception and this one is no different . Do NOT buy 2.4 ghz phones ! I will now order a 900 mhz digital phone of either sony or Sanyo -LRB- highest ratings on range/clarity -RRB- or something . This phone is going back ... ! Useless piece of junk
 I bought this phone because I have used other panasonic product and have been very happy with them . granted there are a lot of nice features on this phone and it will go all over the place but mine only lasted 1 month before i started having nothing but problems . first the battery went bad . then the phone had more problems that would n't allow it to operate off the base unit . if it were n't for these fairly major problems it would have been and excellent phone .
 This is the worst phone on the market today . Save your money . The battery does n't last long enough to finish a phone call no matter how long you charge it . You ca n't even turn the ringer down or off . Do n't waste your time or money on this phone or any other panasonic products . Everytime I buy from them , the product turns out being defective .
 my first panasonic 2563 works great ... this 2583 wo n't hold a charge for more than 10 minutes talk time ... and it 's only two weeks old !!!!!!!!!! customer service offered to replace it with a refurbished model when all i 'm looking for is a new battery ... i paid top dollar so that i could trade it in two weeks later for a refurbished unit ... i 'm very dissapointed with them ... never another panasonic .
 I wish I had taken heed to the warnings before I purchased this phone in Feb. 2003 ... The battery life is the worst I 've EVER seen ! You probably get a good 10 mins . of talk time per charge ... PLEASE DO N'T BUY IT !!!!
 While I did purchase this phone refurbished , I still expected far better performance from a 2.4 GHz phone . While distance has not been a problem , the quality of the reception has been poor since day one . I really do not use any other the features so I can accutately comment on those .
 Terrible sound quality coupled with an expensive price combine to make this phone an ill-advised purchase .
 This is probably the worst panasonic phone ever . Thebattery life is a joke . You charged the phone for wholeday , and after 1 hour talking , you have to recharge itagain . Completely useless.This will be the last panasonic phone I will ever buy
 I had the previous version of this phone -LRB- and 900 MHZ panasonic cordless before that -RRB- , but when the headset jack went bad , I upgraded to this new model.It is not an upgrade , but a downgrade ! 1 -RRB- The battery life is abysmal -- just about 1.25 hours of talk time , less than 1/2 the previous model . And it often cuts out when I 'm on a call with clients without the beep warning .2 -RRB- The action on the blue navigation button stinks . I can look up a number in a a phne book and dial it with my own fingers faster than scrolling through the phone 's directory . What 's the point ? 3 -RRB- Performance with a headset is terrible . People are always saying that I sound very far away -- a problem I did n't have with the old phone -LRB- same headset and settings -RRB- . I like the features -LRB- speaker with keypad , voicemail light -RRB- , form factor and cordless performance . But this phone does n't cut it for me anymore .
 It is a phone with many nice and unique features and a pretty good range . Before you buying any Panasonic phone , be aware that all Panasonic phone products may have the some common issues . The following list is for your consideration :1 . You can never turn off the ringer unless unplugging the phone line ; 2 . You can never turn off the sometimes-annoying keypad tone ; 3 . Do n't operate it too fast or you get the infamous Panasonic `` out of range '' problem even if your phone is 1 inch away from the base . To reset it , you need to unplug it from the power cord for a few minutes ; 4 . If you call in to check new messages , the first choice is `` play all messages '' rather than `` play new messages '' . Be patient with the slow prompts and there 's no shortcut .5 . it 's not likely you will remember how to set the clock , so do n't unplug it from the power source , unless you have to .6 . Your recorded greeting will never sound too good over the phone . The caller should not speak too fast or too low when recording . This is not just Panasonic 's issue though .7 . Nobody liked the way it looks when I mounted it onto the wall ; 8 . The phone is water-resistant , but not the marks for the buttons . They may fade out before the battery dies ; 9 . Average sound quality ;
 I purchased this phone a few weeks ago . The best I can say about it is that it works . The battery only holds a charge for four hours . It is complicated to use . For example , you ca n't just adjust the ringer volume ... you have to either refer to the owner 's manual or play with all the function keys to figure it out . I really dislike this phone .
 We lost the handset . Called Panasonic to get a replacement , they would not sell us a replacement handset . Overall disappointed with Panasonic and this phone .
 I have had this phone for about two years . I kept blaming the kids for not putting it back on the cradle to recharge , but then they went away to camp this summer and I know it was on the cradle whenever it should have been . Fully charged it only lasts about an hour . Replacing the battery helped for a month or two , but now it has started to drain too rapidly again . I do n't think having to buy a new battery every three months is reasonable . My other phones have never had this problem .
 The phone itself could be great . It has every feature that the average person could ever need . Fairly easy to figure out and use also . The problem ... the battery lasts only for about a half an hour of talk time -LRB- after being on the charger all day -RRB- before it cuts out and can not be used again for several more hours . Over all , I would have to say not worth the aggravation
 Very poor quality for a premium price . The sound quality is poor . There is a distinct background hiss on all channels . The battery does n't keep a charge very long , and there is no mute key -LRB- an absolute must for a speaker phone -RRB- .
 I GOT THIS PHONE 6-9 MONTHS AGO , IT WORKED VERY GOOD AT FIRST , BUT NOW WHEN I TALK ON CORDLESS PHONE NOONE CAN HEAR ME , I AM REDUCED TO USING THE SPEAKER PHONE . PANASONIC 'S CUSTOMER SERVICE REALLY BITES , THEY NEED A LESSON IN CUSTOMER SERVICE 101 . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE , U CAN DO MUCH BETTER WITH YOUR HARD EARN MONEY !
 I purchased this phone in January 2003 . I had seen the poor ratings from others with the battery problem , but I had such a great experience with my earlier Panasonic phone that I foolishly overlooked the complaints.The first few weeks , the phone worked remarkably well . Now I ca n't even use this phone for 15-30 minutes without it dying . And I have to leave it on the charger 24/7 or else it dies just sitting on my desk doing nothing . And perhaps the most annoying aspect is that you wo n't even get a battery is low noise . Instead the phone simply cuts off your call.I 've had no other issues with this phone . The speaker phone is good and the keypad is fine . But the battery makes this phone a very poor purchase . So please do yourself a favor and steer clear of this phone . I 've owned some great Panasonic phones , but sadly it seems the Panasonic phone line has come on hard times since other current Panasonic phones seem to have a similar problem . I hope this helps any who are looking at this phone.EDITED MARCH 02 , 2004 , TO ADD FURTHER NOTES : I decided to try a solution offered by one of the other reviewers of this product . They replaced their poor Panasonic battery with a non-Panasonic battery and have seemingly fixed their problems.So I headed to the nearest Radio Shack to buy one of their Radio Shack brand phone batteries and thus far it 's working great . The battery I purchased was catalog number 23-270 -LRB- $ 14 and change after tax -RRB- and it 's a Radio Shack 3.6 V/1200mAh NiMH Battery . The battery itself is a little smaller than the Panasonic battery , but still works like a charm.So if you 're having a problem with the battery , replace it with a non-Panasonic battery and you should be fine . I thank the previous poster who offered up the idea originally . For whatever reason , I never thought to try an off-brand battery . I hope this helps those who ran into this problem like myself .
 I bought this phone as a Christmas present for a friend , and the feature set and design appeared to be just ` perfect ' . We did notice right away the voice quality makes it sound like he 's talking into a tunnel , but we could ignore that . He loved the ` message waiting light ' and the one-touch voice-mail key , the volume controls and so forth . However , as time goes by , the phone is more and more unreliable at connecting outgoing calls . He dials a number , and it just ` goes dead ' like a cell-phone dropping a call . He hangs up and tries again . Depending on the exchange he 's calling , it can take 3 or even 6 tries to get through . The callee 's say they heard him each time , or saw his name on their caller ID . I 've been there when it 's happened , and made sure the battery was charged , etc. . Panasonic Tech Spt was only able to review the manual with me , which was no help because the problem is that the design appears to be flawed . Others have told us they 've had the same problem with Panasonic phones . It 's really too bad , because there are so many totally cool features on this phone - but what good are they if you ca n't even make outgoing calls ?
 I have had this phone for about a year now and have found it to be unacceptable.First the range is not as good as my previous Sanyo 900MHz , also the battery life was never good -- again , the Sanyo was far superior . I now can not even finish a conversation as the battery only lasts about 15-20 minutes . Another item that has not been good is volume control , and ringer . I will probably never buy anything made by Panasonic again.My thought is that Panasonic tried to lure people into buying their phone with a wealth of great features and then used cheap components to meet their price point.I did a little research on the Web and found that the battery is a NiCad type and has only 850mAh using the supplied P-P510 , but after I searched around awhile I found that there is an optional battery
 I had a Uniden phone for over 10 years which I loved . Unfortunately lighting hit and blew out all my phone lines and phones . I spent a lot of time trying to find the right phone and thought I had . I bought this phone about 11/2 years ago , not only does the battery go dead quickly but I have already had to replace the battery . Then my keypad started to wear out . I do not use the phone and/or keypad excessively . I was sure it was a defect so I called Panasonic . The options they gave me were completely unacceptable . I am now shopping for a new phone and it certainly will not be a Panasonic no matter what the reviews or features are .
 The phone has great features and reception , but the battery 's need to be replaced within 3 months . I have 2 Panasonic cordless phones and this has been a problem with both phones .
 Bought this phone less than a year ago from Good Guys . Hand unit will regularly freeze up for minutes at a time . Base unit will not consistanty charge the hand unit . When the hand unit indicates a full charge it will run out with one hours continuous use . What started out a month ago as random hissing has turned into a regular background hiss that makes communication all but impossible . Menu options on handset are cumbersome and frustrating . No mute button on speakerphone . I am told that Good Guys only has 30 day return policy and If I had purchased an extended warranty they would replace it . I should not have to plan for product failure in a $ 200 phone in less than a year .
 I gave this phone a good review when I first bought it -LRB- 4 stars if you can believe it ?! -RRB- , but then after about a year I started experiencing some extremely annoying problems . 1st it almost always says `` out of range '' -LRB- I live in a 1200 sq ft condo , so I ca n't go too far `` out of range '' , whatever the heck that means -RRB- and even when standing right next to the base it would still say `` out of range '' . Impossible as it sounds , that is not the most annoying problem . The most annoying feature of this piece of junk is that phone itself also has a battery , a special Panasonic battery -LRB- not included -RRB- that you have to keep replacing and if you do n't get to the phone fast enough -LRB- if you read the manual , it says within 3 minutes !! -RRB- You loose all your stored info like preferences , phone numbers , etc and in addition to replacing the battery , you have to recharge for 7 whole hours . So unless you have another phone handy , that could be a problem . But the worst part is that the battery cover on the back of the phone is next to impossible to remove , 3 minutes is not long enough even if you had advance warning , so you will most likely loose all the info anyways . Strength is not the issue in removing the cover ; you have to have 3 hands . So right now , the phone is on the junk pile and I 'm off to by a new phone , not a Panasonic .
 ... the problems with my phone started 3 months and 11 days after purchase . Panasonic are absolutely not there in support - their solution is to send the phone back to them for repair or they will send me a refurb -LRB- at my expense ... thanks a lot -RRB- . Meanwhile - my solution - BUY A NEW PHONE until they get around to returning mine to me ! Great ! Thanks ! Never again ...
 This phone makes you sound like you are in a tunnel . It appears to be a flaw with the way the microphone is angled ... I have owned a couple of Panasonic phones in the past which were amazing . It 's too bad that this one turned out to be junk . Due to the poor sound quality and horrible repair policy , this will be the last Panasonic phone I will ever purchase .
 There is some type of flaw in the design of some of these models that prevent the hand set from being charged after a sometimes short period of time . I bought a 2.4 Ghz unit in June and about a week ago the hand set did n't recharge . I bought a new $ 20 . battery and it still did n't recharge . So I took the unit back to Circuit City and tried to exchange it . The return guy told me that I had to call Panasonic for an authorization number . Called , talked to Dawn and she said that it was Panasonic 's policy to only repair , never exchange defective merchandise . After a period of time I can understand that policy but three months . A 200 dollar phone should work better than that . The guy at Circuit City was so annoyed at this that he gave me an extended warranty on the phone and told me to go pick out another.The guy at Circuit City felt that there was some type of fundamental problem with these phones recharging the hand set .
 I liked the design of this phone . It had all the features I wanted . My only complaint before buying it was that it would not stand up on a table and had to be laid in a prone position . After purchasing the phone I found much more to complain about ! Little good it did . Panasonic has the worst customer service of any company I 've ever dealt with.Now about this phone . When you try to make a call , check messages or Caller ID log , most of the time the display says `` Searching '' followed by `` Out of range '' . This can be anywhere in the house including no more than 2 feet from the base ! When you can get it to turn on and you 're speaking with someone , the interference is so bad it could have been used as laboratory sound effects in the original Frankenstein movie ! Oscillating buzzing , humming and clicking . I 've thought perhaps I have some sort of emissive signal nearby but 2 other 900 mhz phones I have work fine -LRB- see Sony below -RRB- . When the phone rings the display -LRB- Caller ID -RRB- just says
 Not very happy with the clarity of this phone . Also , very uncomfortable the way it rests on my ear and it also feels like I am talking into an echo . Taking it back to Staples tomorrow . Overpriced . Unsure of what else to buy . Just glad to dispose of it .
 This phone had decent reviews , so I thought I 'd take a chance . After plugging it in , I made one phone call and then was unable to hang up the phone . Even with the handset on the cradle , the connection was still audible . I had to unplug the phone cord in order to hang up . When I plugged the phone back in , the dial tone was audible while the phone was on the cradle and then I would get the , `` do-do-do , I 'm sorry the call did not got through . Please hang up and try again . '' without ever dialing a number . I have submitted a request for a return and have yet to hear back from the seller .
 This phone is fine but I had thought it was a wall mount one . When I emailed , twice , about returning it & ordering a different one , I received no reply.I used the phone , but not in the area that I really wanted to put it .
 This product is way too overly priced for me to even think about getting it .
 The only problem I have with this product is color . On the product details they show 3 different colors -LRB- I think it was yellow , green , and blue -RRB- , but do n't give you a choice - which was fine . However , when I received the product the scissors were pink . I have an 8yr old BOY . I am not going to send him to school with pink scissors .
 I would not buy again ... but I kept it instead of having the hassel of returning.It is much smaller than you think . You ca n't hang a ring of keys on one peg ... only one or maybe two will fit . They are hard to get off the peg and if its too full the door wo n't close .
 I was just looking online for where to buy replacement batteries and after reading the reviews here I think I 'll start looking for a new phone . The batteries on all 3 of our handsets only hold about 30 minutes in call time . We were hoping there was a LION replacement ... no luck . Please learn from all these reviews ... you 'll love the phone until your 1 year warranty runs out and so do all your batteries !
 Well , like everybody else , I am having problems with battery life and connectivity to the base station . I bought the system in September 2003 and for the first 8 or so months , everything was great . Then I started having the battery problems . The batteries wo n't hold a charge for more then 15-20 mins . I do a lot of conference calls and it is becoming a big hassle . I have to run to the other phone and switch before it dies.Also , the handset seams to be losing connectivity with the bas station . I have to walk the phone back to the base station and put it back into the cradle for it to recognize it again.Not sure what to do - do I get new batteries , that will result with the same problems or buy another phone ? I just want a phone with great features that is reliable . Is that too much to ask for ? Come on manufactures , make a product that lasts!There was a lawsuit filed in NJ for theses phones . Here is the link with more info
 This phone is probably the biggest fraud Panasonic has ever dropped on the public . It uses NICD batteries which should have been a red flag , but thank God I purchased the extended warranty from Best Buy . After trying to live with it for about a year , I have exchanged it for an AT&T ; 5.8 , of course made by VTECH , but I have not problem with that.In my opinion , Panasonic rushed to the market with 5.8 , and really turned out a crappy product . I noticed that the newer mocels now use NImH - perhaps ok , but why did n't they use NImH to start with ?
 Well , I read a lot of the reviews for this phone , and decided to check it out for myself , as my current 2.4 ghz model is driving folks I call nuts because of low volume and random buzzing . So ... I knew there were some comments on receiver volume being a little low , but I 'd give it a chance . Well , it 's on its way back to Amazon.Major gripes :1 . Outgoing volume via my Plantronics headset -LRB- verified to work fine with other cordless phones -RRB- was noticeably low for the callee . This is big time unsat . I want the folks I call to focus on what I 'm saying , not wondering why I do n't have a decent phone - afterall , they know I 'm a techie-buff ! 2 . Receiving volume in my headset was on the low side as indicated by other reviewers - not something I want to put up with on a day to day basis.Minor gripes :3 . Handsets are on the larger side - particularly troubling because even given their larger size , they do n't perform well ! 4 . No message waiting indicator light - Hello , Panasonic , what are you thinking ? ? ? 5 . Ni-cad batteries ? Again , what 's going on at Panasonic ? Give me at least NiMH or preferably Lithium .6 . Can not shut off handset ringer -LRB- I did not verify this , but I believe I read it in a reviewers report -RRB- . Conclusion : In the `` final analysis '' it boils down to poor sound volume , both sending and receiving . And this unit did not measure up , at least not with the fine Plantronics over the head headset I use.Seems like these companies could throw a few more milliamps at the problem for mere pennies and this would fix this unsatisfactory performance . Just my opinion.BTW , I went back to my `` brick '' Spread Spectrum Uniden cordless , which everyone says sounds fantastic -LRB- I believe it is 900 mhz -RRB- . Why are n't we progressing ? ? ?
 Panasonic Phones , Junk , Junk , Junk . You can read all the previous reviews that explain why the batterys die . To replace go to Batteries.com , order the Energizer ER-P511 Nickel-Metal Hydride Cordless Phone battery . It 's 18.99 each . We might just get a little use out of these junk phones .
 I am not very happy with the phone . Worked fine so far and just 6 months later having problems with battery . It stays in the base all the time . If I pick up the hand set , I can talk for 5 min before I hear the beep to recarge battery.I have the same problem as M.Lewis , the handset seams to be losing connectivity with the bas station . I have to walk the phone back to the base station and put it back into the cradle for it to recognize it again .
 We purchased the base station and 8 total phones . Sound quality is great , but after a few months the batteries started going bad . At this point we have replaced all of the batteries at least once - and the new ones are starting to go bad.Turns out they made a poor engineering decision to use Nicad batteries which are an outdated technology . The batteries basically stop taking a charge after a few months of use and have to be replaced.We also had the LCD go out on 2 of the phones.I expect all the positive reviews here are immediately after purchase . Wait a few months and your batteries will die.Also , Panasonic 's customer support is not helpful . I have asked them multiple times to just send us new batteries under warrantee . They will not do this - they claim they are n't aware that this is a common problem and they refer you to a service center and it 's at your expense to ship them the phones when all you need is a replacement battery .
 I usually do not write reviews , but considering what this system cost and my results I thought I would share them . Right out of the box the phone is easy to settup and easy to use . No problems with battery life and the reception was great . The phone has way more bells and whistles than I would ever use . I have only had the phones for 6 months . The LCD is shot on 2 out of my 3 handsets . When I say shot I mean blank ... no caller id , no phonebook no nothing on the display . I emailed Panasonic and got a response in a week . The told me to reset the phone by holding down 2,5,8,0 all at the same time plus numerous other steps . I did this , with no results . I emailed the folks at panasonic back and 45 days later still no response . MMMMM not exactly the customer service I would expect . I purchased the phones at a large wharehouse type retailer so I am working with them on an exchange . I have noticed by glancing through some of the reviews that the LCD display seems to be a repetative problem with these phones . At almost 300 bucks for the set ... -LRB- including an extra handset -RRB- you would think the LCD would be more stable . Hope this helps .
 I got the two handset model KX-TG5110m . It worked great for two weeks . Then came the fatal `` System Error # 9 '' all the lights on the base flash like a Christmas tree . I called Panasonic customer service the hold time was 12 minutes . The guy told me the phone was done for . He said it could have been a power serge , I do have the phone plugged into a good serge protector . Oh well , I ca n't seem to find a phone with better features , so I will exchange it for new one and give it another try .
 This phone died after just two months . Sent it back to Panasonic , and was told that I would be sent a refurbished/rebuilt unit , not a new one -LRB- wrong answer ! -RRB- . Other than the dying , and poor customer service , the phone is great - excellent features and great reception . Maybe I just got a lemon .
 This unit does not ship with the necessary parts . Even worse , the missing parts can be ordered only from Panasonic -LRB- Radio Shack will not know what you are talking about -RRB- for $ 30 + including shipping and handling . In early May , 2004 they are BACK ORDERED for over a month!The problem is that the base unit only has two ports for telephone cords . If you have two two-line telephone jacks in the wall , you are ok . If you have four wall jacks you will need two KX-J24 T-Adaptors plus two 2 wire telephone line cords . The T adaptors are available only from Panasonic . On May 3,2004 these were back ordered until June 6 , 2004 . This phone looks nice sitting on my desk , but until the parts arrive , it is only a two line phone.This is unacceptable -- a $ 500 piece of equipment that requires unusual adaptors that are not readily available .
 I bought this phone after reading all the reviews including someone who used it in their barn . I need a phone in my house and want the 2nd unit in my barn 150 ' from my house . According to the reviews and literature this should not be a problem ... I ca n't even use it in my backyard ! Phone is being returned .
 I widsh you `` d quit playing games with the price . I finally did not fin d out how much it costs .
 This system seemed to have all the updated features from the older 2-line KX-TG2000B until I got it home ... the handset on the base handset ca n't be dialed from the base unit and the called number does n't display on the base unit or base handset . So if you want to use the base unit you 're stuck with the speaker phone . Worse yet , the privacy feature which prevents people from picking up the line had to be used per individual call each time someone called and could n't be programed for all calls like the older version . Made it totally useless for a busy home office with more than one person answering calls , or for a busy house with kids who want to see who called.Our old handsets failed to dial the number 1 -LRB- and the # sign too -RRB- ... but without a properly updated version we have no choice but to buy new handsets and hope they last . Panasonic seems to make the only small office system that does n't require a `` server '' ... very disappointing for an `` upgrade '' !!
 Severe problems . I have owned it for only 6 months and now can not use the system because of constant background static that makes conversation almost impossible . Panasonic should issue a general recall for this junk of a system .
 I 'm really enjoying my Panasonic kx-tc1868b 900mhz/sst phone that has a phone to base range of two houses away . The first time I tested the range of the 5110m phone I could n't get 1 house away before the signal dropped out . Panasonic said to reset the system to see what would happen . The second time , -LRB- after 12 hours of charging -RRB- I could n't get out of my back yard before the signal started tweedling . Trying immediately after the third system reset , the 5110m started tweedeling when I stepped out my back door . If it required turning on the booster to go farther , I did n't want to deal with it . I took the phone back to the store . The phone looks really nice anyways . It is n't simple to operate though ; being a tech I could figure it out , but my mother likes things as reasonably simple as possible and would n't like the phone as much.Does anyone know of a new dual pad , expandable system that can do conferencing between each of the handsets and base phone that has the same or better range than my 1868b and is as durable as the kt-tg2583 , but does n't drop conversations or fizzle out after a year and has long battery life and is under $ 200 as much as possible?Thanks .
 Well , I read a lot of the reviews for this phone , and decided to check it out for myself , as my current 2.4 ghz model is driving folks I call nuts because of low volume and random buzzing . So ... I knew there were some comments on receiver volume being a little low , but I 'd give it a chance . Well , it 's on its way back to Amazon.Major gripes :1 . Outgoing volume via my Plantronics headset -LRB- verified to work fine with other cordless phones -RRB- was noticeably low for the callee . This is big time unsat . I want the folks I call to focus on what I 'm saying , not wondering why I do n't have a decent phone - afterall , they know I 'm a techie-buff ! 2 . Receiving volume in my headset was on the low side as indicated by other reviewers - not something I want to put up with on a day to day basis.Minor gripes :3 . Handsets are on the larger side - particularly troubling because even given their larger size , they do n't perform well ! 4 . No message waiting indicator light - Hello , Panasonic , what are you thinking ? ? ? 5 . Ni-cad batteries ? Again , what 's going on at Panasonic ? Give me at least NiMH or preferably Lithium .6 . Can not shut off handset ringer -LRB- I did not verify this , but I believe I read it in a reviewers report -RRB- . Conclusion : In the `` final analysis '' it boils down to poor sound volume , both sending and receiving . And this unit did not measure up , at least not with the fine Plantronics over the head headset I use.Seems like these companies could throw a few more milliamps at the problem for mere pennies and this would fix this unsatisfactory performance . Just my opinion.BTW , I went back to my `` brick '' Spread Spectrum Uniden cordless , which everyone says sounds fantastic -LRB- I believe it is 900 mhz -RRB- . Why are n't we progressing ? ? ?
 Enjoyed the phone , but the display on the handset is gone after 3 months , and I can not correct it . . panasonic is no help , so I do n't reccommend this phone .
 I bought this to replace my 3-4 year old Panasonic 2.4 GHz which worked great all around . This one has some features that I like , but the Caller ID works only about 1/2 the time , even the base doesnt get it , and I get static from about 25 feet away.I thought the new frequency would be better , however it is actually worse in terms of noise , and range.If I could buy my old setup again , I would in a skinny minute , but alas , it is not availiable
 I purchased one of these units based on the performance of the 2.4 unit and the other reviewers . I am sad to say this unit performed misably . Oh , do n't get me wrong all the bells and whilstes in the extensive feature set worked great , when standing next to the base . But the distance you could move away from the base before being out of range was pathetic . I consider this to be MOST INPORTANT after all that is why I bought a CORDLESS PHONE . OK , to be fair and accurate I should say that I received the out of range signal when walking to another room . If that room had one of its four walls made out of concrete or brick then I received the frustrating out of range message on the handset . The frustrating thing was that the solid wall did not have to be between the base and the handset ! I tested this phenomenon in various rooms with similar results . I even tested another unit . They just do not work over any distance once you place a concrete or brick wall anywhere near the signal path.Now some may say I was expecting too much so I tried a control experiment . Got a $ 19.95 900 MHz phone from R * dio Shack and talked the same path through my house . Perfect signal even around the concrete walls ! Ahhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!! So now what have I learned - the 5.8 unit is not ready for Primetime ! If you want an expensive short range phone and live in a small house/apartment without interior load bearing walls -LRB- concrete/brick -RRB- then this may due . Note this is an expensive solution . Also DO NOT believe the sale staff in the large retail chains that say they can talk from one end of their store to the other . That may be and we should all be so luck as to have a 40,000 square foot living room .
 This cordless phone ` system ' is loaded with features , but , in my opinion , is a poor example of a cordless telephone . I have 2 older Panasonic 900Mhz cordless phones , a KX-TCS970 -LRB- 6 years old -RRB- and a KX-TC1801 -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- . Both of these older models are better cordless telephones in terms of general reception quality and the distance you can travel from the base and maintain acceptable sound quality and contact . I called Panasonic , and all they suggested is changing the ` Line Mode ' from ` B ' to ` A ' -LRB- whatever that means ! -RRB- ... unfortunately , it made no discernable difference . Other concerns include bulky handsets , and the handset ` Booster ' feature must be turned on each time you picked up the remote handset .
 purchased the base unit -LRB- which includes one handset -RRB- and two additional handsets . They worked okay for about a month or so , then the handset started inexplicably dying . Sometimes the screen went totally blank and you would lose the call or could n't dial . Othertimes the screen said that I was too far away from the base -LRB- even when I was literally right next to the base -RRB- . So I called customer service and they said that it sounded like I needed a new battery -LRB- after a MONTH ! -RRB- . I actually read the directions before using the phone and I was n't even putting the phones on the bases to recharge after every call so that the NI CD batteries would n't develop a memory -LRB- they do n't use the better Lithium Ion batteries that do not develop a memory -RRB- . So this made no sense . Anyway , I went ahead and bought the batteries -LRB- for all three handsets -RRB- and that did n't solve the problem at all . I then went ahead and purchased another handset . Again , no problems for a month and then the same issue . Customer service issued remanufactured phones -LRB- 4 handsets -RRB- and in about a month to 8 weeks all were exactly the same.I know I was n't doing anything wrong to cause this . I began searching the Internet and low and behold I am not alone . Apparently a law firm in New Jersey has already filed a class action law suit against Panasonic for the entire KX-TG and KX-TC cordless phone lines . Search `` panasonic cordless phone class action '' on google . It will be the first hit . As an attorney myself -LRB- not in any way affiliated with or even previously aware of the firm that has filed the suit -RRB- , I can tell you it takes a lot of consumer complaints before a law firm decides to invest its resources in a class action suit as they are very expensive and time consuming.So , I 've learned my lesson the hard way -LRB- although there was n't anything I could 've done differently at the time of purchase -RRB- . Hopefully , my experience and research into this can prevent you from having to deal with it in the future . Panasonic was unjustly enriched in distributing such a defective product and not having the corporate decency to at least recall it and replace it with a functioning line or refunding our hard earned dollars . Very disappointing and I certainly will not be purchasing the Panasonic brand again .
 I like how the phone functions , it was working lovely ... I had this phone for half year and problems begun . It often lose signal when I 'm not even that far from the base phone . The phone just dies on me time to time , I get cut off right in middle of my calls . I ended up connecting my old 900MHz phone to a phone splitter , so that I can at least use this panasonic phone as caller ID box ... What is wrong with this picture ?
 My review would sound almost exactly like James Han an unahappy user . We also bought the phone 14 months ago . At the time we paid $ 180 -LRB- base station & 1 extra handset -RRB- thinking that we would have this phone for years ; givern the higher price . We were wrong & we were past the 1 year warranty . We recently tried to buy another handset to replace the phonethat is troubled and it will not work with the base station . I will seriously think about buying another Panasonic product . I thought their products were supposed to be of higher quality ; we were wrong .
 My first one was exchanged within 30 days . The first one would record voicemail garbled . The problems I have now are with the replacement unit . The handsets of the replacement unit wo n't hold a charge anymore . This started to occur almost simultaneously on both handsets after about 6 to 8 months . I 'm finding the range to be poor . As soon as I go outside my house and turn a corner away from the base unit , the call drops . The volume is also rather low ... people I 'm talking to wonder if I 'm talking into the phone or not -LRB- I guess this is a mic and not volume problem ? -RRB- and even at max volume , it 's not really does not get as loud as one would expect . It look like the first unit I got was a sign of things to come , I just wished I had heed the warning !
 James Han 's review is right on and let me add my own experience . When I bought this phone set , the features , price , handsfree headset , weight and everything seemed ideal . I was very happy . But now , less than 6 months after buying them , both handset batteries are dead and refuse to charge . What use are these features if I ca n't use them ? I wish I could recommend another brand , but the most I can say is AVOID THIS PHONE AT ALL COSTS .
 I purchased my phone about 9 months ago , and it will only hold about a 10 minute charge . Do not buy this product unless you want to go through the extremely painful process of sending it back to Panasonic .
 OK I have had this phone since Feb 2004 , replacing a Seimens gigaset -LRB- a big Piece of garbage -RRB- . I needed the ability to use multiple cordless sets that would n't interfere with my wireless LAN . After reading many positive reviews on it , we bought it . For the first few months the only problem I had was poor range . It does not work out side my home . Period . Indoors was ok , untill recently . Now I can not hear what people are trying to say , as the static on all 3 phones is interfering with my ability to carry a conversation . I have emailed panasonic customer service and hope to hear good news but am doubtfull . I would not recomend this phone .
 After battling with my wife and persuading her to buy this phone -LRB- she had bad experiences with Panasonic in the past -RRB- , we finally agreed to buy it ... WHAT A MISTAKE ! We have 2 problems that make the phone unusable.Firstly , with incoming calls it often rings once and then cuts out . Secondly -LRB- and it seems most people are having this problem -RRB- the batteries seem dead and calls cut out after about 1 min from both my handsets ... we had a Sony cordless for 9 years prior to that and the battery life was still fine . Needless to say I am busy contacting Panasonic -LRB- will not ask for new phone as I need a phone that works -RRB- in between eating my humble pie ... DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !
 Update
 Usually a device must really perform poorly for me to write a negative review . This phone really is the worst purchase that we have made in a LONG time . We had a 900mhz Panasonic that lasted us for years and we decided to step up and get a new one . Figured that if Panasonic 's reliability for our old phone was so great for sure it would be so with this unit . Man was I wrong . 1 year after purchasing the phone with an additional handset both batteries decided to sign off . It was amazing how this happened since they both died within days of each other . Went to the electronics store and bought two new batteries that are made by GE and charged up the units for the required time . Battery life is what it used to be but now we have another issue . `` Can not locate base '' seems to be the issue now with either handset . It seems as though if I walk away any farther than across the house I lose the call that I am on . We are talking about walking from the Study to the kitchen in a 1 story house here so this is no long distance . Needless to say buying this phone system was not the best idea that we have made . I am so confused about Panasonic quality now . Do they make top shelf products or not ? I guess I have to check and see if I am buying a Panasonic product that is made in Japan still to be sure since this one was made in Malaysia . I am sincerely disappointed with this phone and feel like I have been wronged .
 Generally I like Panasonic products and if I 'd have rated this product when I first bought it , I 'd have given it 5 stars . Six months of living with it has dimmed my like for it a lot . I 've had to replace every battery in it -LRB- I 've got the original 2 handsets and 2 more -RRB- once and the second set of batteries are weakening . I get a maximum 1.5 hours talk time now . Batteries are very expensive and not carried by my local retailers -LRB- Fry 's , Circuit City , etc. -RRB- except for batteries plus -LRB- $ 18 each -RRB- . Anyway after about 3 months batteries really start getting weak and deep discharging with long recharges does nothing , within about 4 months , you 're down to 5-6 minutes of talk time . I do n't have this problem with my other NIcad powered electronics , including my 2.4 Ghz Panasonic phone , so I can only conclude that Panasonic under engineered the power requirements for this phone . Avoid this turkey .
 Wow . my experience mirrors other reviews i see here . after about 1 year of use , batteries in 2 of these phones have extremely short life - cant talk for more that 15-30 minutes . Note that there is a class action suit pending against panasonic for this series of phones . Also the volume on these phones is very low , you have to use the speakerphone to hear unless the room is extremely quiet . Very disappointing , especially after having a prior panasonic 900mhz answering machine that lasted at least 6 years .
 I have never written a review that spoke poorly of a product before , but this phone system is more than deserving of a bad review.I purchased a complete system of these phones , consisting of the base unit , and 7 extra accessory handsets . So , I have a total of 8 of these handsets . Since I bought them about 10 months ago , I have returned 9 phones for exchange . Do that math . This means that I have had to return every one of the original phones I received and then one of the `` refurbished '' units they sent to me as well . And I 'm apparently about to return another now too since the battery wo n't hold a charge . On many of them , the LCD screens stopped displaying anything , or became so faint you could n't read them . Adjusting the contrast setting did nothing . On other units , the battery would not hold a charge ... they simply would not charge more than enough for about 2 minutes of talking.The quality of these phones is absolutely the worst in any electronic product I have ever purchased . I expected much , MUCH!more from the flagship phone in Panasonic 's product line.This phone is a good concept , with good features , and good sound quality . But do n't let that fool you . Chances are , you will be returning these lemons for an exchange before much time passes . I 've spent over $ 50.00 in postage just mailing these things back to Panasonic for replacement , and then the replacements are just as defective . I am really disappointed because the features of this entire system fit my needs perfectly . But apparently , according to Panasonic , I ca n't have my cake and eat it too.By the way , I am not one of those newbie owners that does n't read directions . I fully charged every one of these units for 24 hours before even programming them . On two of them , the LCD displays went dead just in the first 24 hours of charging!Completely unacceptable product . Look elsewhere for a 5.8 Ghz phone system ! I can not believe they are still being sold . They should absolutely be pulled from the market and recalled by Panasonic .
 As most of the reviews on this phone system have said , lots of nice features , no dispute there.BUT the LCD keeps going blank on both phones , no LCD no features.Problem started within two months of purchase , was able to get the LCD back a few times but now one handset LCD is just gone.Low volume unless you are using speakerphone feature , which is very good.Range is very poor , cant get more than 75 feet from base and that is pushing it . In the begining could only get 25 feet but a reset of both base and handsets got it out to the 75 with booster.Have to get handsets back for repair before warrenty runs out.Not happy .
 The is the absolute worse consumer electronics product I have EVER purchased . I 've just order the 3rd set of batteries for my handset , reception and range are terrible , voice quality is the worse of any phone I 've ever owned . Read the other reviews - do n't buy this phone . My guess is , anyone listing a positive review just bought this piece of junk and does n't know better - yet.Panasonic has totally blown it . I 'll never buy another of their products - period .
 I have used this phone for 8 months and will be replacing it soon . The reception on the 5.8 Ghz frequency is no better than the 900 MHz phone also used in the house . But , the worst part is that callers have trouble hearing me speak on the handset . Seems I am too quiet to be heard easily . This has been the case for half the callers on this phone . I will be going back to a land line and not use a wireless connection .
 After 3 returns , I finally gave up on them . I got stuck with a lemon model , and they knew it was a lemon model , yet they would not upgrade me to comparable model . In a span of 9 months , Panasonic Warranty Service sent me 3 `` factory refurbished '' replacement cordless phones that could not hold a charge ; total talk time would be less than 10 minutes . I do n't have the time to deal with them anymore -- they win . Buyer beware .
 First off , I ca n't really comment on this device if your going to be using it with windows , only Mac.I bought this based on other reviewers as well as the fact that it was the only USB skype phone I could find that had drivers for OSX.The good things about this phone are the following : - Excellent sound quality . I ca n't say anything negative on this front . - VERY light - compact size . - long cord -LRB- though I wish like the philips phone I had before this that it provided a groove around the outer edge of the phone to wind the cord around the phone -RRB- . The OSX `` driver '' is another issue . Overall when you boot up it works fine , my problem is that since I 'm using it with a laptop , my laptop invariably goes to sleep or I will shut the lid and go grab lunch etc. . When I return and start using my computer , if I try and use the phone , it 's totally disconnected from Skype . I have to unload skype , unload the driver , then reload to get it working again . For casual use , I could recommend this phone . If like another person said in their reviews if you just want a phone to call home with or make an occasional call , again I would recommend . If your like me however and wanted to use this as a phone to use throughout the day and rely on it to make and receive calls , you might think again . I have had numerous occasions where I 've answered and I get nothing . People get a bit impatient when you have to always call them back and explain away your phone problems.Overall I think the `` driver '' overshot here . First I originally had a philips phone that had NO OSX drivers . It worked great as a handset , but the buttons did n't work . So this driver only needed to handle the ability to use the keypad on it . The mic/speaker should have been left to the OS -LRB- which I 'm sure would ordinarily work without any drivers . If they 'd done that at least I would n't be answering calls and either not hearing the other party or the other party not hearing me . Instead they appear to have tried to write drivers for the mic/speaker which means they seem to think they know better than apple ... probably the reason it 's having issues.I would also add if your buying this for a desktop system that will mostly be on -LRB- you ca n't close the lid on a desktop ;-RRB- -RRB- this would probably work better for you than for me on a laptop.So , overall a mixed review . I like this phone , but it 's dependability for moderate to heavy use just is n't there .
 When I first got the IPEVO phone I was really happy . The design was sleek . People no longer hear echo from my end.After a couple weeks of usage , problems begin to emerged . The driver crashes multiple times on a daily basis . People start to stay they hear distortion in my voice -LRB- at least once in every half hour long conversation -RRB- . I thought this would be the perfect solution but turns out to be another huge disappointment .
 I spend a great deal of time on the phone using Skype , so at first I was really excited to actually have a handset , however , gradually we were starting to have problems with this phone.After 2-3 months we had occasional problems where there would be noise on the line or we could n't hear the other person . It kept getting worse , and now , 6 months after we bought the phone it 's completely dead . This is a huge disappointment , since I use a Mac , and there does n't seem to be a lot of Skype phones available for Macs .
 I like this phone way better than any headset , but it has n't held up to much use at all . First it just would n't work - when I opened it up I saw that the ground shielding wire in the cable was totally frayed and seemed to be grounding out inside the phone . This was not a case of abuse or wear - just bad assembly . 2 months later , I 'm not sure what 's wrong with it but people on the other end hear a lot of noise from my side and it 's taken to causing my macbook to crash . It 's a shame because there does n't seem to be another cheap , simple usb phone that works on the Mac . I might end up buying the same phone again . : -LRB-
 While using this phone it will cut out for about 5 seconds while it switches to another security code . During this time you can not hear the other person on the line and they have to repeat what they said . This happens every time I use the phone . I called Panasonic and they said to send it in -LRB- I pay the shipping cost -RRB- and they will replace it with a `` reconditioned '' phone . The phone is about a month old .
 This phone had horrible sound quality . You sound like you are in an echo chamber when you speak into it and you do n't sound so good on the other end either so I am told . I returned mine within a few days .
 My unit -LRB- 3DAXA044546 , made in Malaysia -RRB- did stop working -LRB- and only was blinking -RRB- after its guarantee had expired . Reason
 i HAVE A PANASONIC 2.4 GHz MODEL NO . KX-TG2235B , EVERY TIME I PLUG IT IN ALL THE LIGHTS ON BASE -LRB- CHARGE , SPEAKERPHONE , V/M -RRB- LIGHTS JUST CONTINUSLY BLINK OFF AND ON , PHONE WILL NOT EVEN WORK OR CHARGE , PANASONIC WONT PAY FOR S&H TO FIX OR THE PARTS NEED TO FIX
 Ca n't understand a word it says .
 I did order handset -LRB- KX-TGA510M -RRB- with charging cradle , AC power adapter , and a belt clip . But got handset only in terrible condition -LRB- scratches everywhere , even on window -RRB- . I am very upset .
 After I used the phone for over a year , callers complain that they can bearly hear my voice even if I set the volme to the highest level . I am disappointed .
 The features of the phone are nice . The sound is clear but none of this matters if the phone lasts 10 seconds before cutting out . Two of the three phones we purchased about a year ago have batteries that have recently failed . If you 're interested in this phone , add $ 10-15 bucks per handset for the replacement batteries . Other than the batteries , the phone works fine .
 good features but ... after 1 year of use , batteries in 2 of these phones have extremely short life . Note that there is a class action suit pending against panasonic for this series of phones for this and other quality problems .
 I bought the base and two handsets 2 yrs ago , and one of the handset completely stopped working after 1.5 yrs . After a year , we replaced the rechargable battery in every handsets , but one of the handsets started loosing it 's power very quickly -LRB- we charge for 6 hrs and it lasted for 10 minutes -RRB- , and then stopped working.There 's an ongoing class action lawsuit against the series KXTG and KXTC in NJ , and the law firm encourages every consumer , regardless of state , who had any problems with these models to fill out a questionaire at their website -LRB- they only ask for your name , email address , state , and comment -RRB- . http://www.sheller.com/Practice.asp?PracticeID=140
 I am very unhappy with this panasonic model as well . The battery never gets fully charged even though the indicator says someting different . The phone keeps indicating tobe placed near the base even when it is like a hairline of a distance away . This phone can die on you and I have changed the batteries for both my handsets 2 times in the last 8 months ! I would never recommend it .
 I bought a KX-TG5100M and in 30 days , it died . The phone battery not only died , but then it would not charge properly with an approved new replacement battery . The base could not locate the phone handset.So , purchase # 2 ... the exact same thing happened , except this time it lasted 33 days.The price for this phone should ensure that the thing works and works for a period of time more than a month .
 This phone does have some good features that others have mentioned - excellent speakerphones in handsets , etc but is flawed in 2 critical functions . First , the volume is too low . Do not expect to use this phone with moderate background noise , e.g. with a fan running , or sizzling food cooking . IMHO , all phones should have a max volume that exceeds what you need in a quiet environment . Second , the answering machine sound quality is barely satisfactory . My old 900mhz Panasonic machine had better volume , better answer machine sound quality and more features , like the ability to page me , which this machine can not do . Third , the interface for the answering machine is clunky . Why such problems and dropped features in a phone this expensive ? Who cares about the rest of the features if you ca n't hear your conversations ?
 I got the two handset model KX-TG5110m . It worked great for two weeks . Then came the fatal `` System Error # 9 '' all the lights on the base flash like a Christmas tree . I called Panasonic customer service the hold time was 12 minutes . The guy told me the phone was done for . He said it could have been a power serge , I do have the phone plugged into a good serge protector . Oh well , I ca n't seem to find a phone with better features , so I will exchange it for new one and give it another try .
 Bought this system to update existing Panasonic phone . Found instructions easy to read . Phone prompts , altough at first intimidating , is quite easy to manage . Styling works well for me . HOWEVER , The volume is POOR at best even with the feature volume booster in ON mode . . Now , I know why Panasonic added the phone booster . Consider carefully ! Bobby
 The sound quality is HORRIBLE . Whenever the other party speaks , there is faint white noise in the background . Do n't waste your money . Panasonic used to make good phones , but this one is a piece of junk .
 It would be nice to have a dependable shipper that would ship my product to the proper city.There is a big difference in Houston and Austin .
 I purchased this phone from Amazon in August of 2003 . I was very pleased with the phone -LRB- sound quality , range , features -RRB- until June of 2004 when it started to `` lose contact '' with the base station just about every time we used it -LRB- only 5ft . away ! -RRB- . Then , the battery discharged completely on every use , even when the handset had been in the base station for 24hrs . We went through the hassle of calling Panasonic to get it replaced or serviced -LRB- the phone was less than 1 year old , afterall -RRB- . The experience was less than pleasant . We were never able to trick Panasonic 's customer service phone system into letting us talk to a human . Finally , I found on their website a way to request service , and received an email in response to my complaint directing me to take the phone to a local -LRB- 1 hr . drive -RRB- repair shop . They kept the phone for 2 weeks , and the week after we got it back , the exact same problem started occurring again
 I had the same problem as another reviewer . After less than a year the handset batteries will not hold a charge . If it was n't for the expected yearly battery expense -LRB- $ 10 each -RRB- , I would have rated this a 5-star phone system . I have four phones purchesed within a few months and all of them , one-by-one ended up with the same problem . I bought new batteries and hope not to , but I expect to have to replace them again in 8-12 months .
 I bought the base station and two handsets -- they worked great for less than a year ... now the batteries go dead after less than an hour of use , or lose contact with the base station from the next room . Very disappointing for the amount of money paid .
 I bought this phone right when it came out -LRB- one base station and a second handset -RRB- . Within a few weeks , the phone LCD when bad . It completely stopped working.So I contacted Panasonic 's support to get it replaced . What a hassle !! I have to pay to ship the phone back for them to repair it ! Just terrible . When my phone is finally returned , the LCD goes out again within the week . Needless to say I am very dissapointed at this point.So I call their support and complain . This time they send me a shipping label so I do n't have to pay for it again . Well , after waiting two weeks , I had to call them again to remind them to send me the label - which they did that time.Well , now my phone has been gone for over a month with no word from Panasonic . I am waiting on the phone -LRB- about 45 minutes now -RRB- as I type this to speak with someone about the status of my phone.Panasonic generally makes good products . But if you run into a problem , you are basicaly screwed .
 I have two of these machines , and the answering machines on both of them stopped working after just a few months . Too bad , as I like everything else about the phone . But having problems with both phones suggests shoddy workmanship , and I wonder how long the phones will hold up . I expect better for this price .
 This phone died after just two months . When I say died , I mean died - error read `` System Error # 1 '' and all lights on base were flashing . Called Panasonic , waited about 10min , and was told -LRB- as someone else said below -RRB- it probably was a power surge -LRB- doubtful - if it was it did n't affect anything else -RRB- . Sent it back to Panasonic , and was told that I would be sent a refurbished/rebuilt unit , not a new one -LRB- wrong answer ! -RRB- . Other than the dying , and poor customer service , the phone is great - excellent features and great reception . Maybe I just got a lemon .
 I 've had this phone for nearly a year now , it has been hardly used , 3 hours per week the most and the battery died on both units . I will have to replace the batteries since it is not usable at all .
 The Panasonic KX-TG5100M 5.8 GHz DSS Expandable Cordless Phone with Answering System is JUNK . I owned one previously to the one I just purchased and I threw it away , I love the Features but the handsets never work . I would n't recommend anyone to buy this product . I did return the Item and received a refund but lost $ 20 in S&H charges .
 i buy this telephone with 6 optional phones to all my rooms but is the third time i have to buy the main phone base because it only last aproximately 21/2 years and because of the investment i have in the 6 phones i have to be buying the main base again and again .
 I purchased the Panasonic KX-TG2382 due to the wonderful reviews . But I have had nothing but trouble with this phone and the lack of concern or help from Panasonic has been unbelievable . I now have a phone that I can not use and Panasonic does not care . Even after I explained to them that I would be willing to place the expense of a new phone on my credit card so they could send a replacement out immediately and then credit me when the defective phone was received - they refused . How do they expect any of us to be without a phone for more than 2 weeks while your phone is being serviced.If you can wait the 2 weeks plus for your phone - you may receive a refurbished phone or your phone back with refurbished parts - even though you originally paid for a new phone.Once they sell you the phone they do not care what hardship you incur due to the product being defective.Customer Service is something Panasonic does not concern themselves with and why should they - once you have the product it is yours - if it works - Great ! If it does n't work - no money out of their pocket .
 I returned this item because the blade was dull and would not cut even one sheet of paper evenly . The first few inches of cut was acceptable then the paper just tore . I was very disappointed .
 Ca n't rate as receipent never received even though it was signed for at the receiving end .
 phone looks and works fine however can not dial out . tried both pulse and touch tone and neither works . May be a defective unit .
 bought this the other day and trying to figure out how to send it back . The ringer is way too loud , no dual alarm and no caller id . the only things that are right are the white color and the price .
 I should have heeded previous reviews because reading the time dial is impossible when you are turning your head on the pillow -- you ca n't see the clock . My wife is very unhappy with this purchase . Do n't buy it .
 The clock lays very very low on this hard to see unless you sit up in the bed . Do n't think you can use it to see the time unless you only want to see it when sitting by the phone . I wanted it for the bedside ca n't see the clock at all
 One naturally assumes that a telephone/clock/radio / alarm with snooze is essentially designed for being next to the bed . However , in bed , you ca n't see the clock . While the product is well made , has good radio reception and the phone works well the product is down-rated because the angle of the clock 's numerals is such that they may only be seen when sitting upright or standing next to the clock . You can also not see the time from across the room . Additionally , the ringer is either on or off , nothing in between . The volume of the ringer is jarring . All things considered I can not use this as a bedside clock and must return it .
 The information is misleading . The phone does not have a dual alarm . It has an alarm dual mode . The phone handset does not light up nor does the phone have called ID . Not happy and returning the phone .
 I purchased this to replace an old phone/clock radio . The old one had a far superior design to this one . Specifically , the on/off/alarm switch is on the side and awkward to use , setting the alarm and clock is time consuming because you can only change it forward , not back and forth , shutting off the alarm is also problematic because it is a single button that must be held down for a second or so . My old one went off when you moved the phone off the cradle , a better design.All in all , I should have looked more carefully at the features prior to purchase but hard to do on line .
 I ordered this phone and was disappointed at the EXTREMELY complex setup process . It seemed defective . Replacement of the batteries would require another setup unless the receiver was removed from the hook first.I would have loved the features but I decided that I could not keep it .
 I was very dissapointed with this product . The lighted panel for number display is not visual friendly . The speaker function volume is to low for use unless you are standing with your ear pressed against the speaker.I would not recommend this product at all .
 My list of objections :1 . This phone is NOT extra loud . It is extra quiet .2 . This phone 's volume control at its highest is less loud than an ordinary phone .3 . The owner 's manual author has poor command of the English .4 . The owner 's manual instructions have several errors .5 . I 'm sending it back ASAP .6 . The actual rating I 'd like to give is MINUS 5 stars !
 Bought this for the deign and color and we used it for maybe 3 weeks . Callers can not hear you speaking and most of the features did n't work right or work at all !
 I bought this phone based on looks and was quite disappointed . The display does n't work correctly and you ca n't hear anything on the other line . The volume wo n't adjust loud enough . The flip piece is rather flimsy , as is the belt clip that I 've already snapped in two . The belt clip also helps the phone rest in it 's cradle correctly , so without it I have to be sure it 's charging properly . If you want someone in your house spending less time on the phone you might try giving this one to them . They 'll avoid it soon enough ...
 The problem with this paper is that there are not any holes for putting in a binder . Also , it could be a lot easier to rip out . Most graph paper booklets require a quick tear , with out any rough edges . I found myself with rips here and there as i took sheets from the book.Even if you do n't have a binder to put graph paper in , one with holes are always better so you have the option . For the most part , mead is a better choice then Tops in most school/office supply categories .
 These are of great quality except that mailing labels will sometimes come off . I was planning on using these for my business until this discovery was made .
 I usually order my poly bags from Uline but thought I would save some money and order these . Well , I got what I paid for . The flaps on the bag are uneven . The glue strip is tiny -LRB- but does actually stick -RRB- . The bags rip down the side seam . They are flimsy and not actually white as the silver lining shows through . I will not be able to use them as I feel the bags will rip before they reach the customer .
 Ive used many bags similar to these , but these bags stick together making it a real pain to put things inside of them . I need to find my old bags .
 These things were horrible from this vendor . I know its impossible to know on a blind shot . but dude , these bags were like vacuum sealed together . I had to peel open each envelope . Huge paid in the neck . You should be able to just open it and insert whatever you put in.It was so annoying , I would literally get the blow gun on my air compressor and blow air into about 20 or so at a time just to prep them for use .
 These poly mailers are extremely thin , and they are difficult to pry open . I have ordered many poly mailers in the past 3 years , and these are the poorest quality I have ever seen . I chose this seller because of the Amazon Prime account , but I have had better luck with valumailers in the past .
 I have ordered tens of thousands of these polymailers , and these , by far , are the worst . They are stuck closed , almost like static , so you have to stick your hand inside each one to pry it open before you can put anything inside . NOT conducive when you have 100 's of orders you are packing at once . I ca n't wait to get through these so I can never order them again !
 These are not exactly white ... which does n't matter to me , except I would like that in the description so I do n't buy them again . The seal is NOT strong and these can open during transit ... so I have to take the time to tape each envelope
 I have ordered 6x9 poly mailers on amazon several times in the past . These are by far the THINNEST I have received ! So thin you can see right through them when held up to the light . In the past I ordered in smaller quantities and they have been great . This time I opted for 200 because I was satisfied with the others . Big mistake ! Obviously all poly mailers are not created equal !! I just got them tonight so I have n't used them yet . I 'm afraid to as I am not sure they will hold up in the mail .
 Ok so I was at Lowes and I decided to try the Sumo glue because of its claims vrs Gorilla Glue . Drys 3 Times Faster & Less Foaming . Well fast forward to my repair , I opened the bottle as directed , and had to wait and wait and wait ... . for this glue to come out of the bottle . I had to cave in the sides of the bottle and compress the bottom towards the top for it to travel to the tip , in order to use it . Sure it sets up pretty nice . Does have a little less Foaming Action then Gorilla Glue , but I do n't think its any faster to complete dryness . I closed the bottle up nice and tight . About a month later I had another repair and went to use the same bottle of Sumo Glue , and it was rock hard . So I paid a little over $ 5 for a 1 time application less then the size of 1/4 of a dime . I would have given the Glue itsself a 3 maybe 3 and a half stars but the packaging kills it .
 While the printed information says it sets up in 5 minutes , my experience was that it took much longer . Pieces being joined need to be clamped together for awhile.And unless you have a lot of gluing to do all at one time , buy the smallest size that will do the job - the shelf-life is not stated by the manufacturer , probably because they do n't want you to know that the whole bottle will crystallize in about 3-6 months . I do n't have any experience with Gorilla Glue , but figure you get what you pay for and will pay a little more the next time I have a gluing project that needs something more than Elmer 's Wood Glue -LRB- big bottle , been in my shop for 6 years , still the best wood glue on the market -RRB-
 This calculator would be good for a user who only occasionally uses it . For a heavy user this unit is extremely slow .
 We have a variety of Sharp calculators in our office . This model was by far the slowest and loudest , and despite being the most recently purchased unit , it was the first to break . The description on this page calls it `` high speed '' , but at only 2.0 lines per second , it pales in comparison to the 3.5 lines per second of Sharp 's EL-2196BL . On top of that , I think the lps rating is done with simple keystrokes . This unit was very slow to print special lines -LRB- memory functions , # key entries , etc. -RRB- compared to our other models .
 In the 15 years I have been working at my office , I have had to replace this machine 3 times . The ink rollers constantly deteriorate and leave residue on the number keys and the printing becomes blurry and unclear . I think it is time to change brands .
 I have used calculators my entire business and retired life . This is one of the worst ones I ever purchased . It is noisy and slow . The directions are written so small you need a magnifier to read them . It 's not an easy unit to use and there are much better ones available than this one . I was so disgusted with this item I threw it out .
 Take note of the dimensions 10 '' by 8 '' and be sure you want to devote this much desk space to your calculator before ordering . I did n't realize they still make them this big , so did n't pay any attention to dimensions . I assume it works well , but I 'm sending it back without opening to get something smaller .
 I was not able to use the phone because the battery did not charge properly . I returned the first sample to the store and got another one . Again the same problem with the battery . When we tried a similar battery from another phone , the Clarity phone worked , but its performance was disappointing . It seems that the phone was originally designed to use a different type of battery .
 I purchased this phone about 6 months ago . The amplification of higher frequencies and amplification in general seemed like just what I needed with my hearing impairment . I have found that frequency amplification either does not work or I ca n't notice it . As far as regular amplification , this only seems to work on random occasions and not very well at those times . Of coarse attempting to get help from the company or returning the phone is nearly impossible . I am very unhappy with my purchase .
 Wrong description of this product . It said this is GAP compliant handset in the title , but when I received the product there is no such feature specification described on the box . This is not GAP compliant handset . It only works with Philips base station not other vendor 's base station . Vendor should correct the product description .
 This is my fifth F-Series mousepad . I love the size , surface texture , thinness , even the price is okay . But I have four of the five sitting in a cabinet because the bottom area separated from the top area , and it ALWAYS starts with the corner where the round Orange Ball with an F goes through it . Wait , sorry , my wife said she threw away the box I had with three of them . Only one broken one left . I was hoping someday I could find out where/how to return them . I 'll keep buying them though and I suppose that makes me a sucker . . I just love the way they feel and work . I just wish they 'd last longer than a few months . My newest one , the one I 'm writing this review for ? It 's about two weeks old and separating already .
 I ordered two of these and they arrived today . I literally pulled them out of the bag to show a co-worker and pulled on the retracting tab twice before it completely fell apart . Piece of junk .
 The strip was long enough , easy to mount and went up quickly . Unfortunately the strip and the rolling `` pins '' inside which provides the tension did not provide adequate `` grip '' for my maps . On rare occasion when we walk by the maps and lightly brush against them the maps either slowly disengage and fall to the floor or quickly disengage and fall to the floor.I was highly disappointed but I 've tried to `` fix '' it by adding more paper behind the maps to add thickness in hopes of a better hold . Shall see how that goes .
 The filling was easy , but the the print quality was as bad as before .
 The phone works fine if you are the only one on the line . If anyone else picks up another line , the other parties ca n't hear you and you ca n't hear them .
 The Line in Use feature with this phone either does n't work or does n't exist . I believe the second . Although its a listed feature on the GE Phone web site and in Amazon , neither the box nor the instruction manual references it . And communicating with someone from East Slabovia does n't help . They could barely break through 3 grade English with that thick accent.If you have ever used a two line phone , part of the core idea is to tell you which line is available at any given time . If you do n't care about knowing that , just buy two cheap single line phones . Too bad this is the problem as the phone is simple and easy to use otherwise .
 When first purchased was very pleased but then it wen downhill . One of the lines stopped working . Had the telephone service in twice only to find the problem was in the phone . Returned it to the manufacturer who has not reponded to my inquiries for several weeks . At this point frustrated with high price , poor quality and poor customer service . This product is not made by Verizon .
 Disappointed with this model -- it 's been in use for about a year , during which I 've found the speakephone to be fritzy and the handset to struggle to pick up my voice lound and clear unless I 'm speaking * directly * into the pickup . But , this model fills a niche for home offices ... basic features without too many other bells and whistles .
 This phone has lots of good features for a good price -- when they work ! The speakerphone on line 1 works great . You can hear and be heard from several feet away . When I use it on line 2 , the speaker fades in and out , often so low you ca n't hear your party . The headset jack has a short in it , so you have to fiddle like crazy to find a position where the headset does n't crackle -LRB- then if you accidently move the plug you have to start over -RRB- . It has a cool feature that ends a call when the other person hangs up , saving you from having to hit a button to end the call when you 're on speakerphone or headset , but unfortunately it occasionally will end a call BEFORE they hang up -- embarrassing ! The caller-ID will not let you back up to see a number you 've already seen -- it 's just gone . The voicemail waiting light sometimes does n't blink when you have voicemail . That 's all I can think of right now . Anyone know of a good quality 2-line speakerphone that will hold up to every-day home-office use ?
 This phone worked well , but , in less than 6 months , the speakerphone faded in and out , to the point where it was not possible to hear the incoming message at times . I obtained a replacement , but the replacement phone did the same thing . Other people have reported similar experiences in their reviews .
 We 've had nothing but ongoing problems with this phone . The biggest one was the phantom interefence noises that would eminate from the phone in the middle of the night ! They 'd go away if you jiggled the cord enough and then suddenly come back a month or two later . The hands-free option no longer works and now it 's extremely difficult both hearing and being heard on it . And we 've barely owned it a year !
 I 've been very pleased with this phone , with one major exception ... the headset capability . Although the phone says it works with `` industry-standard '' 2.5 mm headsets , I was unable to find one with sufficient volume . When I called support , I was told that I needed an AT&T brand headset . I 've ordered one and am hoping that solves my problem - but I am frustrated at the time and money I 've wasted trying other brands in the mean time . Alternatives like Plantronics are NOT compatible with this phone .
 First let me say that the speakerphone produces plenty of volume , much better than most other phones I have tried . This was especially important since I often participate on nightly conference calls overseas where low receive level is often a problem.However , there is one major problem that might be related to poor design or manufacturing variation . -LRB- I have 3 of these phones -RRB- . If another person picks up an extension in another part of the house while using the 972 speakerphone , the 972 speaker will cut in and out often introducing an annoying clicking sound for all parties listening . The amount of muting and clicking is differs significantly between the 3 phones I own . In the worst case , the speakerphone is totally muted and I ca n't hear anything .
 I bought two of these phones for my home office . I thought the menu-driven interface was a nice touch , but it can not overcome the poor sound quality of the handset . The microphone on the handset is hyper-sensitive . My S 's hiss and my P 's pop so loudly that it almost hurts , and it 's distracting to hear myself breathing while listening to the other person . I 'm returning this phone for something better .
 The AT&T ; 972 has some nice features to talk about -LRB- nice button arrangement , easy to access incoming/outgoing calls list , programming speed dials , etc. -RRB- . The big problem is that it falls seriously short in outgoing voice quality from the handset and/or the speakerphone . The incoming side seems to be fine on the handset and speakerphone , that is , you can hear them just fine . The problem is that people I call say that my voice sounds `` tinny '' or is `` clipping '' -LRB- cutting off the high frequencies -RRB- when I use the handset . Using the speakerphone , no one could understand me unless I spoke with my mouth right next to the speakerphone . Obviously , this will not work for anyone.So , I would not recommend this phone to anyone that needs to conduct a conversation over a speakerphone . It will not work and you will have wasted your money .
 I bought this model about 2 years ago when I started my home business and I thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread ... well ... until my customers started complaining about they could n't hear me . It did n't happen on every call , or if it did my customers just did n't say anything about it but it happened enough to where it started to effect my home business so I had to get rid of it.I use headphones for inbound calls on line 2 via the headset jack and the handset for when I 'm making outbound calls on line 1 . When using the line 2 for inbound calls , I greet my customers and the first thing they say is `` HELLLOOO ? '' and even though I 'm saying yes ma'am I 'm here , I either get a * click * because they 've hung up thinking no one was there or they tell me `` I can BARELY hear you ? Can you speak up ? '' When using line 1 for outbound calls , I hear an echo and there is a delay between when I say something and the callers response and vice versa ; it seemed to happen worse when using my VOIP line but it still happened on both periodically . I have tried switching lines and even went as far as explaining my problem to the phone company and they even went as far as sending me new telephone cords for free even though they did n't have to but it still did n't resolve . When I moved and I even changed phone companies thinking it was because I was using VOIP on line 1 and digital phone service on line 2 , so I switched to using just a plain old analog copper POTS service ; nope did n't resolve either . I got a new headphone set ; did n't resolve . So it got to a point where I had troubleshot everything but the only common denominator was still `` the phone '' . So I came here and I see people complaining about the same thing so now I know for sure its a problem with the phone which is too bad because I really liked all the bells and whistles it came with.CONS
 I had problem with this phoen from the beginning
 The phone works fine , however it does not have a back light for the display . At night or in dark areas , the display is very hard to read , which makes it useless .
 I ordered laminating pouches , and I received laminating sheets instead . I am very disappointed .
 I bought this on Sept 19 , 2012 and it failed completely in Jan 2013 . I worked ok if you only added 1/2 dozen coins but could not handle much more that that and then it would jam . If you were not watching it and it jammed the motor will burn out . That seem to be what happened to mine . Looks to me like a poor copy of a good machine and turns out to be a piece of junk .
 It sorted coins into the wrong wrappers , and then it broke . We had to rewrap everything by hand because there were pennies and dimes in with the quarters , etc. .
 I read some of the reviews that claimed this product worked fine and bought the product based on that . The machine does not work as advertised . It gets cloged continuosly . Coins do not roll down the ramp properly . I many times ended up with a coin being delivered to the wrong wrap . It is also hard to know if you got a full count of coins so many times I ended up re-rolling the rolls . I eneded up sorting the coins manually and pretty much feeding them manually into the wraps . No doubt wrapping quarters is easier by hand.Good concept - bad execution .
 This is n't fragile , it just plain does n't work . After putting only one or two coins in at a time , it still jammed up for no reason . Getting it unjammed is no easy task - you ca n't just shake it loose , and there are no places to stick tools to unjam it . Taking it apart is your only option , and putting it back together is a pain as well.I ca n't imagine this would ever work .
 I have ordered their IP phone service one year ago . They asked my credit card for direct deduction for monthly payment . I asked them to keep my phone number . Packet8 told me that SBC service would be automatically disconnected when the number was ported . It took more than two months for them to transfered my phone number from SBC.The voice quality of packet8 phone is very bad . So , I had to switch back to SBC at last Decemember . However , in March I found that my credit card still be billed . So , I contact Packet8 . Packet8 told me that it was the customer 's responsibility to explicitly notify them to stop the service . I did not understand how they can still bill the customer for phone service without phone number . I asked them to stop my phone service.Today , I found they still billed me on my credit card for another four months after I called them . I contacted the customer service again . He told me that he can not found any record for my last call.I can not believe that a company could lie to the customer like this.Please think about clearly before you order them device and service . They are cheap .
 In July , 2008 , Packet 8 cold-called me about switching from Vonage to their service . Buying the sales pitch , I agreed , provided they could port my current number . They assured me they could . I told them from the beginning I would not activate until the number was ported , as I did n't want to switch phone # 's twice , plus a phone number has to be active to be ported.After the 30-day trial ended , I began getting monthly service charges . A couple of months went by before I found they made a mistake and linked my LNP request to a canceled account . A couple of months later -LRB- Nov -RRB- they stated I had to fill out a LOA form , which they said they 'd email me to , but never did . By December , they told me I had to submit a LNP request online AGAIN . Several times that I called I was told the LNP specialist was n't available , but they 'd call me right back -LRB- THEY NEVER DID -RRB- . By January 13 , 2009 -LRB- 6 mos later ! -RRB- , the number still was n't ported , nor had I activated the service . That did not stop them from charging me $ 143.49 , over 6 months , in fees for a service that I had not used a single second.I had to cancel the account . For that , they wanted to charge me an additional $ 70 !!! Fortunately - in the one thing they did right - they waived the disconnect fee.I have tried to work with Packet 8 on two separate occasions , and have been unable to make it work . I have paid them over $ 170 but they have never provided me with a single minute of phone service . I strongly urge you to think twice before purchasing their service .
 Very easy to install and worked well for few days . Used with Comcast residential service -LRB- the only available option for me -RRB- . After 2 weeks -- every 2-3 days many hours of interruption , when power LED is blinking , Link LED is solid and there is no dial tone . Customer service could not suggest anything better then powering off and on cable modem , router and adapter . This works sometimes , usually after 2-3 hours of fiddling -LRB- powering off and on all 3 devices in different sequence -RRB- , but never immediately . Updating firmware does not help either . Customer service representative mentioned that `` after internet connection is lost , adapter needs to resynchronize to SIP server '' . Why it can not resynchronize on its own without manual fiddling is beyond me . SSH sessions and slow downloads were not interrupted when phone connection is lost , so looks like there were no serious internet internet outage either as much as I 'd like to blame Comcast .
 I 've had several internet phone services and this is the worst overall company I have ever dealt with . The phone service does n't work half the time and there are so many dropped calls that it 's unbelievable . Maybe it works better if you do n't have a home network . I have a professionally setup Comcast Home Network and this service does n't work very well with the router and wireless network . It takes up to a minute after you have dialed a number for it to ring through , then half the time you 'll get a busy signal and have to redial upto 3 times to get through . The other half of the time I ca n't even dial out and I have to reset the modem just to get a dial tone . Then you get noise & echos over the phone and it sounds like you 're talking in a tunnel . If you talk more than 5 minutes it 'll drop the call . If you move and walk around the house it 'll drop the call . The Packet8 customer service department is the worst I have ever dealt with , when and if you can even get through after 25 minutes of waiting on the phone . I know more than the techs that I have talked with on the Packet8 customer service line . Then on top of all that if you decide they are way to lame , and you want to cancel the service after the `` trial period '' , you have to pay a hidden $ 59.99 charge . I do not recommend this company unless you like equipment that does n't function properly & poor customer service , for $ 5 buck more I highly recommend Vonage .
 Terrible Service , Dropped calls , BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE !! I have been a subscriber of Packet 8 service for about 5 years . Initially the service was decent but has gone down hill quickly . Huge delays in dialing numbers , Calls that connect with audio channels missing -LRB- one caller or the other can hear but not both -RRB- , Dropped calls and seriously bad `` Indian grade '' cut and paste customer service whenever you try to bring problems to their attention . You can do better cheaper . I replaced my Packet 8 service with a bluetooth cellphone gateway but considered Oooma Plus for 8.00 a month .
 Beware , while the equipment works alright , the customer service is atrocious . I had packet8 service for several months and decided to go back to a standard landline for quality and bundling issues . I ported my number , and called the cancel my packet8 service . I believed everything was taken care of . Packet8 billed me for 5 subsequent months after the number was ported out , and even after escalating the issue to their supervisors , they refuse to give me credit for the service fees even though there was no number on the account on which to use the service.If you choose to purchase this product , you are warned , you are dealing with an unscrupulous company that is so happy with their terms and conditions that they can not use reasoning to make a decision .
 Packet8 , at first glance , appears to be a good choice for VoIP . WRONG ! When I actually experienced their `` service '' I found first impressions can be deceiving . At first it was OK , but after a few months the voice quality became consistently unusable - voices were badly distorted and difficult to understand . Calls were intermittently dropped.Calls to technical support resulted in immediate and repeated blame placed on everything outside their company . I received pages of instructions telling me to change all the cords , change my router configuration , change my phone , change my network configuration , run network tests and on and on . They blamed available bandwidth on my cable line without testing it , told me that having another VoIP service provider on the same network connection would cause a problem because the IP addresses would be `` confused . '' The one thing they did seem good at was finding someone else to blame . They were NOT good at resolving a problem that , in the end , was clearly their own.I 've moved to another provider and have found that Packet8 continued to cause problems because I was forwarding calls from Packet8 to the new provider . Packet8 simply drops all forwarded calls after 16 minutes , something they do n't disclose anywhere I can find . Outside the Packet8 caused problems , my new service provider -LRB- VoipYourLife -RRB- works great.Packet8 makes it very easy to sign up . They never mention a cancellation fee if you sign up over the phone and bury notice of the fee in a multi-page service agreement online . Discussions with their management made it clear that they did n't care if their service worked or not , they were going to charge their customers to cancel.Stay away from this one .
 THE BIG FACT : - We subscribed Freedom Unlimited Plus Asia -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- from Jan 2005 till now . Currently , Packet8 cancelled Freedom Unlimited Plus Asia -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- and has only Freedom Unlimited Global -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- - The same numbers we called -LRB- to the same city and the same country listed in its unlimited list -RRB- did n't be charged in Feb -LRB- or any previous months -RRB- but charged in Mar - The reason we got from one customer service representitive is that the numbers are non-premium phone # - If it 's true , why we never been charged in Feb or any previous months for those calls . - The reason we got from another representitive is that the international rate to that country was increased from Mar 1 , 2006 . - The advertising on their website still claims that the country/city is within the 40 unlimited country listOUR COMPLAINS : - If the city is not listed in 40 unlimited country for free unlimited call , you should NOT advertise it in your website - If the international rate is increased , they should only charge the total minutes we called in March multiplied by the extra rate . No reason to charge us the full current rate when it 's still under your unlimited freedom plan country list.UPDATE : So far Packet8 refused to pay back us the overcharge or admit their mistakes . All we had from them is that they said they should provide more information on their website about the extra charge.CONCLUSION : Totally disappointed about PACKET8 !!
 Congress passed legislation requiring VOIP providers to offer 911 -LRB- Emergency -RRB- services to VOIP customers . As a result , Packet8 hit me with a $ 9.95 `` upgrade fee '' to start the 911 service and a new $ 1.50 / month `` E911 '' charge.I was willing to pay the $ 1.50 / month if they would meet me halfway and waive the startup charge . I called Packet8 to see if I could somehow get the $ 9.95 fee waived , but they would n't budge . I 'm stuck with a $ 59 disconnect fee if I do n't complete the mandatory upgrade.The Packet8 phone service is reliable but if they are going to be adding fees and charges , traditional phone lines become a more attractive option.The decision to go with Packet8 is yours .
 I bought Packet8 only because Costco carries their products and I assumed that if Costco had reviewed Packet8 and offered it instead of some other broadband phone service , it had to be good . That was a very poor assumption . Concurrent with purchasing Packet8 , I bought a Motorola 2.4 GHz phone system which is powerful enough for use in my apartment.After initializing my service I immediately discovered a lot of static and difficulty with fading volume on the telephone line . Also , my telephone would often hang up on incoming calls for no apparent reason , and would sometimes ring for 12 or more rings without triggering the answering system even though it was set to answer after 3 rings . Also , when calling this line , many times it would take the telephone 5 to 10 seconds to begin ringing.I first suspected that there was a flaw in my Motorola telephone and received technical support directly from them . They suggested that I buy a telephone filter , which I did , and to recycle the power on all telephone units and re-page the hand sets , which I did . There was little to no improvement . There was still static , unexplained variations in volume , and the hang up and answering system problems . Because Packet8 allows you to cancel only within the first 30 days of service without a cancellation penalty , I immediately ordered Vonage . From the first telephone call on Vonage , my calls were as clear as or even clearer than any telephone I 've ever used . My phone rings immediately when it is called and the answering system always answers on the number of rings I 've set it to.Additionally , Packet8 requires that you have a DSL router , which I had to go out and buy . Then the Packet8 device plugs into the router . So , you have a connection from your computer , to the Packet8 device , to the router , to the cable -LRB- or DSL -RRB- modem . Vonage provides you with a router that integrates the telephone connection into the router so you have only one device between your computer and the broadband modem . If this is a factor , I do n't know , but I do know that the fewer devices you have in the daisy chain the better your service will be.Added to all of that , Packet8 charges extra for 911 service that includes your name and address with your call . They also delay your order for several days if you opt for this service . The 911 name and address service is included in Vonage 's basic rate , and it does n't delay your order.I have no connection with Vonage . If I did , I 'd never have ordered Packet8.Don ' t just accept my review of Packet8 , search the Internet and you will find similar problems . I should never have used Costco 's decision to choose Packet8 .
 I have been using this just for one week and the call quality is the worst . Regret my decision . And when I call for technical service , no one answers even after 45 minutes . Hearing just music .
 I purchased this for my son along with the keyboard and mouse . I was please with the mouse and keyboard but the mousepad lasted 3-4 days before one of the edges became unglued . It does look grade -LRB- only reason I gave it two stars -RRB- . For the price you are paying you should get a little higher quality .
 This mousepad is horrible ! An Optical -LRB- or laser -RRB- mouse will not work on the blue portion of the mousepad , meaning that it is almost useless ! I have it setting on my desk as a decoration now .
 You 'll put your computer at risk if you place it on top of this cheap , wobbly desk . Look for a better , sturdier solution .
 Had to return it . I bought it to put a projector on ... but the legs did n't fit well , so it really wobbled . Unfortunate , because it was the type of thing I was looking for .
 This product is light and easy to travel but the telescoping legs are not great . They make the table seem flimsy when fully extended .
 After the table collapsed several times , I vowed I would never trust it to hold anything fragile of any value . It simply can not handle any weight . And when I tried to tighten the legs more , the threads stripped very easily and the table went into the dumpster . Please save your money . This thing is flimsy and shaky and simply of little value holding anything over a pound at the most .
 I used this for the first time in the courtroom for a trial where I wanted to put both the laptop and LCD projector on the table . One of the legs broke when I pulled it out . After I managed to set it up , it was so , unstable I ended up using a table I found in the courtroom . The table is plastic and cheap . You get what you pay for . The only good thing I can say is that the design is good , if only they could make it a better quality , even though it might add some weight to it .
 This is a horrible , unsturdy peice . Once assembled - it was so wobbly , I did n't even place a book on it ! I thought I put it together wrong , but I did n't . I should 've listened to the other reviews - but I thought `` how bad could it be - everyone else was being dramatic '' ... It 's horrible - do n't buy it !
 After reading all the good review about this product , I ordered it . Unfortunately it did not suite my needs and when I tried to set up , one of the leg got struck up . I wanted to return this product and whenever I called the customer service number provided in the Seller 's web site , it always went to the message box . They never returned the call at all . I wasted my money and this product became useless . I DO NOT RECOMMEND this product to any one . Poor quality and Poor customer service .
 Wow , this company actually has the nerve to charge 40 dollars + for a piece of junk . And to make matters worse , one of the cheap aluminum legs came slightly bent . Also , some plastic part that 's supposed to be attached to the leg came right off , making it impossible to tighten . How do people get away with selling junk like this ? And why is everyone giving this a great review , I really wonder how that 's possible .
 Ordering this table online tought me to never again ! I wouldnt even eat on this thing let alone put my projector and laptop on top of it . I should have returned it but i didnt want to eat the shipping cost ! Dont waste your money on this like i did . . i ended up going to walmart and purchasing a much sturdier one .
 Not worth $ 35 . It can not accommodate > 14 inch laptops properly . If used for long time , you will have fingers , arms and neck pain . One of the legs was not standing on the ground properly .
 Very easy to use and very usefull . A little flimsey , but stable enough . Would buy again.Modified 15 Jun 10
 While you expect a portable table to be somewhat light weight , this item is flimsy to the point of almost not being usable . It sways madly even when typing with the lightest touch . I thought to use it for my Yamaha keyboard but it simply wo n't do the job . It would suffice only for setting something down that you wo n't be picking up or moving much . A projector comes to mind -LRB- as long as the AC is n't blowing on it -RRB- .
 This table is not secure at all , it 's all made plastic and cheap constructed.I returned because there is no way I 'll be putting my 2000 dollars Mac Bbook or my 1500 projector on it .
 I very rarely right negative reviews , but this `` table '' is worth of the posting . Reminded me of something you 'd fine at the .99 cent store . Horrible quality , wouldnt put a broken laptop on this thing let a lone a working one . Very wobbly , extended portion falls out , and a slight twist on the leg locks sheers off the plastic locking studs . A cardboard box would be more effective.My 11 yr old daughter wanted it to keep stuff on -LRB- instead of returning it -RRB- , after 1 day even she said to get rid of it . I threw out the box when she said she wanted it , or i would have returned it . Ca n't believe Amazon would sell this?I ended up throwing it away .
 Not worth it or sturdy enough to trust it with my laptop . Looked like a good idea , but one false move and it crumples to the ground . slippery top surface . waste of money .
 I bought this table from another vendor -LRB- not via Amazon -RRB- to use while traveling . I only use it if there is nothinin else available . I commute a great deal to other people 's offices or conferences . This table is stable enough for a clipboard w / sign-up sheets , a water bottle , a roll of paper towels and other small items . I wo n't put an open cup of coffee or tea on this table . I certainly would not put a laptop on it ! One of the legs will not stay locked in the under side of it , so it is very wobbly . Buyer beware !
 Takes a while to setup and is very cheap and flimsy ... do n't expect to put it together in 10 seconds ... not exactly ideal .
 I bought the table tote several weeks ago and was initially happy with it . It was small , convinient and was taken apart or constructed quickly . Unforetunately , while constructing it in its second week of use , one of the legs joins simply snapped apart , rendering the entire table useless . repeated attempts to contact customer service have been unsuccessful , and I 'm thoroughly disappointed in the service I have received .
 the legs would not hold , so it kept shortening , terrible ! Do n't get this ... . I wish I had known directions to assemble would be so impossible ... useless , broke packaging , so can not re pack and return ... waste of money .
 I was astounded at how flimsy the all-plastic construction was . While that does make it wonderfully light and others are very happy with it , I was looking more for something tiny and modular to use at home , which the Lap Dawg is more suited for .
 The black plastic is flimsey . The legs do n't fit in securely . The table top is n't level . I could blow on it and knock it over . My lap is much more stable . A waste of money .
 I 'm scared to put my laptop on it , it wiggles so much . though the legs use twist lock , do n't twist to tight , you 'll ruin it .
 I gave this item a try and while it could actually work as advertised-it really was unreliable . I followed all the instructions diligently and found it cumbersome to assemble . While I was able to feel secure leaving my compact notebook on it , I am not sure how after a couple of weeks of use it would hold up-long range durability did n't seem like a reasonable expectation . Great idea , but poor execution .
 The table is very flimsy and legs will fall off even when properly installed . The plastic table top is made of a poor plastic material . Do not waste your money on this notebook stand .
 People PLEASE BELIEVE the customer reviews !!! The Tabletote is not worth it 's weight if it was a feather ; $ 34.99 is way over the top/OVER PRICED ; $ 9.99 would be pricey , also . The table is an awesome idea , and that 's it ! Material is cheap plastic , the legs are feeble and does n't lock in properly . I over road the customer views hoping for a better experience , take my word also , the table is very poor quality . I was very disappointed , it was a Christmas gift , to cheap to present . I had it back at UPS the same day .
 This stapler is poorly designed because its hard to use . Positioning where to fasten is not easy . Also , it produce a disturbing sound even if it claims 70 % less effort . Not a good product from Swingline .
 I agree with the other reviews
 It 'd hard to believe a company would release a product like this . Jams nearly all the time . Beware of the 5-star reviews on the various PowerEase models -- they read like `` ringers '' wrote them .
 Great idea , but one to three months after we purchased/exchanged , four out of the five are jamming and unusable.We are going to try them with regular staples -LRB- as per suggestion on the Staples website -RRB- Unfortunately that leaves us with boxes and boxes of the RECOMMENDED staples that do not work.BTW , do NOT try to contact Swingline for satisfaction . Their contact site does not work and I got no response to the fax that I sent .
 DO NOT BUY , Purchased 5 optima Powerease , worked good when new but after 5 month of use . in the trash can
 Brand new and jams with Swingline staples ... I cant get it to staple one single time ... complete piece of junk .
 Shame on me , I ordered this product without reading the reviews . I was looking for a pack of stronger ties , and sorely disappointed when the item arrived.I did n't return it . It 's not worth the effort . Hopefully I would learn a lesson .
 I know I should read the fine print , but Elmer 's needs to change their picture to show clearly the order is going to be only one color . Yeah , I got what I paid for and we will use it . But why put a picture of all three colors ?
 Watch the picture . The picture shows the different colored boards , so I thought I was getting the multi-colored boards . No , they were all black . Good boards , but I would like it better as multi-colored boards , not all one color .
 The order process went just fine the phone came in on time however when I pluged the phone into the phone jack there was no dile tone so I have returned the phone and was told that they were out of those phones at that time and try reordering in several days so I am getting ready to place the order right now I hope things work out better this time .
 These highlighters look and feel nice , but do not get the job done . Ink is weak and highlighter is noticeably lighter after only a few days usage -LRB- even when cap is kept on so marker does n't dry out -RRB- . This product used to be great . But I do not recommend it anymore - not worth the money !
 We 've had this cutter for a while now and everyone hates it . It takes longer to use than a standard paper cutter , plus you have to make sure you keep the clamp open when not in use . People forget to re-clamp it and then it does n't cut . It is not sturdy - ours must have somehow got bent because no matter what we do it will not cut single sheets of paper . The cutting wheel wo n't go far enough down and there is no way to adjust it . This cutter is a piece of junk - I ca n't believe others rate it good . They must have written their reviews right after they purchased it .
 I just received this portfolio today , and as soon as I touched the first page , I saw that the side seam was ripped for almost its entire length . I had barely touched it and , in fact , do n't know whether it was ripped before I opened the package or only when I first touched it . The pages are too fragile , and I would not order this product again .
 The picture makes this look like a good quality portfolio . Based on the pictures I thought it would be a hard-cover like a binder . It is thin , flimsy plastic . Utterly worthless to me . No good for a professional portfolio at all . 15.00 for a cheap plastic binder is pretty ridiculous . My boyfriend threw away the box , otherwise I would have returned this thing the next day .
 This padfolio is a piece of junk.Flimsy , the card hole ripped when I tried to very gently open it.JUNK !
 Still it is just a folder and not a Swiss watch . Just do n't take it to an interview . Unless the interview is at K Mart .
 This company has no clue how to pack things . This very expensive photo album was packed in a padded envelope and arrived with the top right hand corner bent back , as well as every single photo page . With Amazon 's help , I returned it and instead of a replacement that I asked for to be shipped in a box , they returned my money , so now I have to start all over again . Customer service is not their strong point , for sure .
 Unlike the elegant picture here on Amazon , this hand case organizer is very cheaply made and does n't seem very sturdy at all . The inside pocket is just a thick piece of cardstock glued to one of the inside panels . Do n't spend this much money on something this poorly made .
 I guess I 'm the only one displeased with these . I was expecting a thicker , card-stock or thin cardboard cover -LRB- like the old ones ! -RRB- , but instead the black covers are more like a slightly thicker paper cover -LRB- think cardstock paper , except even more flimsy -RRB- . They do not stand on their own and look really cheap . Because I was expecting the old fashioned thicker covers , it seemed that 15 for 25 was a good deal , but after seeing these in person I would n't have paid more than .25 cents apiece for these , so they were a bad deal . Not sure if I 'm going to go through the hassle and cost of returning them , but since I use them for high billing for my business and they look so shoddy , I 'm not sure I 'll find a use for them . Disappointed .
 URGENT !! Merchandise have NOT arrived YET . It was a X-mas present . Duhh !! Please check and tell me what happened . E-mail
 if you need to send faxes it is ok , the memory seems to get overloaded if you send more than 5-6 pages . the print quality on the recieve side i have found to be on the poor side and the auto fax answer switch mode does not work with my VOIP service . the copying is ok.the phone is good , but , again , does not interact well with VOIP service and can not indicate when i have voicemail waiting due to the internal answering machine.it comes with a rather limited print ribbon/film , so i would suggest getting an extra one if you decide on buying one of these units , and use it to recieve faxes.just about acceptable for small home office use .
 I bought this phone in Mar 2006 from another store - after researching phones on Amazon like mad . Within 3 months the mic died , and people could n't hear me . I sent it to Panasonic - at my expense - and was rewarded with a refurbished phone.It is now July 2007 -LSB- 11 months since receving a rfurbished phone -RSB- . Over the last weeks the phone began cutting off calls , making crackling noises during calls , the mic has died , it will not work with a Panasonic-brand headset . After trouble-shooting the phone by myself using the Panasonic manual , I then called Panasonic . They had me go through all the same steps.The upshot ? Phone is dead.I 'm very angry . I had originally bought a multi-handset Panasonic , and discovered the handsets could n't be used simultaneously , the sound quality was awful - so returned that for this simpler phone.Now I do n't know WHAT to do . We also have the Uniden exai5580 , and it makes the most awful ` whooshing ' noises if we change position while holding it.I feel as though these products are made to have a short life .
 this pencil looks great but if you are buying to use it rather than decorate it then i must say it feels heavy in the hand . If you are actually going to use this pencil to write or draw it wo n't be my choice but i have to give it , it looks great though . .
 I was very disappointed . The packing of the pencil was just a little cardboard , no tape or paperwork . I was not happy and then on top of all the they sent me a .3 mm instead of a .5 . Terrible.As some of you say I complained about the the box , well i have a friend that has let me use his pencils and they work great .
 Came with no box , no instructions , and a UPC sticker that left glue on the instrument . Very difficult to load , basically a piece of crap . Buy stuff like this at Office Depot or Staples .
 I bought one of these pencils at my university 's bookstore expecting it to be the ultimate pencil -LRB- it is overpriced at over $ 20 here -RRB- and figured it would last me throughout the rest of my mathematical education ; however , I was wrong.The first couple of months , the pencil works like a dream . It has an amazing grip , great feel and weight , great features and function , and just an overall exterior feel of high quality . The problem lies beneath that high quality exterior and the true problems arise . The inner workings , in particular the division in the center of the pencil where the top half and the bottom half , with the grip , screw together are all made of brittle plastic . After two months of constant usage , the pencils failed when I tried to click for more lead and the center snapped sending the grip and lead tube through the outer shell and to my desk leaving the outer shell separated in my hand . The plastic piece was still screwed into the outer shell with no way of reversing or repairing the damage.Essentially , the company went through all the processes of trying to make this pencil high quality , and tripped at the very end by making the pieces screw together via plastic rather than metal . This makes even the basic actions of clicking more lead a ticking time bomb to eventually cause the pencil to fail . This fatal flaw obviously makes this pencil essentially worthless , especially for the price .
 When the Pentel Graph Gear 100 arrived I was ecstatic . It was tough , reliable , did n't leave holes in my pockets , and was just a great pen to hold and to show off.And while it worked it was a charm , I took it with me everywhere . However it has one major drawback , and that is the pocket clip . After two months of having in my pocket , the clip broke off , and unlike other pens/pencils , that means that the entire device is useless . The pocket clip keeps holds the tip in place when in use , and hides it when depressed . Graphite would not come out of the tip after the clip broke.It is a good thing I still carry cheap bic pencils , some have withstood nearly a decade of use . This is a shame , because if it was more durable the Pentel Graph Gear 1000 would be perfect . Come on guys , at least give me a years use for the money .
 This is a great product in almost every way with one important exception
 I bought this pencil as a replacement for the cheap plastic mechanical pencils you find at grocery stores . The pencil is gorgeous , feels great when writing , and the retraction mechanism is fantastic.However , I had two main problems after extended use :1 . The lead easily got jammed and was not gripped properly , even at the beginning of a shaft of lead .2 . The eraser diminished quickly . Although you can push the eraser up to expose more of it , it would slip back into the lead clicking mechanism every time you needed more lead .
 Once you get down to about the last 1/4 of stick of lead you are using , the tip fails to hold the lead in place -LRB- so that when you try to write , the lead is pushed back into the pencil -RRB- . This forces you to waste 1/4 of every stick of lead - which is not only an annoying inconvenience , but also is expensive . This should not happen for a 15 dollar pencil . Furthermore , although many may disagree , I found the pencil was exhausting to use because it was so heavy and unbalanced . Thus , looks and nifty features aside , this pencil fails at the most basic functions of a mechanical pencil .
 I received this as the pencil thrown into a large manila envelope with the small bubbles walls . The pencil was n't wrapped or in a package and was free floating in the envelope . I did n't feel it was secure in anyway . Hard to tell if it was even a new pencil or one someone threw one in the mail out of their pocket . Hard to present it as a present with no packaging of any kind . . It should have been better protected.The item itself is a gift and this review does not address the product itself .
 In the store these pencils cost upwards of $ 30.00 so it was a considerable savings on Amazon . It did n't come in the original packaging with extra erasers and leads like in the store . It was in a bubble wrap envelope . It could have been damaged in transit just enough for it to fail outside the return window , I do n't really know . I will say that I 've never had a mechanical pencil that stopped working - I lose them . First the retracting feature began to fail . It was temporarily remedied by disassembling the pencil and applying silicone grease to the mechanism . After that the lead stopped feeding through . Oh well ... if you want to have it in your pocket to look cool this is the pencil for you . Otherwise buy something else .
 Looks cool but after a month , the lead got stuck . After I got the lead out , the lead would not come out anymore . Ended up having to cut the pencil up to remove the lead .
 Works great and feels great for the first lead . I guess that 's all it 's good for . I ca n't get another lead to work . I 've read the instructions and worked at it for quite some time . but no luck . Trash now
 Finally broke down and bought a mechanical pencil for use at work . Loved it at first , comfortable , good looks , nice features . Then , like others , lead would not hold , then unable to reload !?! Also , pencil arrived in bottom of large box , not packaged , no instructions , nothing !? Very disappointed ! Piece of crap .
 Amazon did n't even send me the pencil . I got a box with one item -LRB- not the pencil -RRB- and that 's it . I 've noticed Amazon does n't provide much of a way to address this problem AND they think it 's YOUR responsibility to track it down with fed ex , ups or whatever other monstrous coprporate entity .
 After purchasing two of these pencils , and I am thoroughly convinced that the clip is too flimsy . In both cases the clip becomes broken or too loose after only very light use . By comparison , the Alvin draftmatic is more reliable and is now my pencil of choice .
 I think this would be a great mechanical pencil , except that I never got a chance to use mine . It is literally broken into two pieces less than 5 minutes after opening it . I tried to turn the lead indicator , which was ridiculously tight , and the darned pencil just snapped in two right where the grip attaches to the main piece . Admittedly I probably should n't have been twisting it so hard , but they do advertise the lead indicator as a working feature . . I think this is a good if not great pencil , but the lead indicator feature is garbage .
 This pencil is nice but the clip that also acts to hold the metal tip in the extended position snapped from repeated bending after a couple months of use .
 The pen has a really good design , and feel to it , but if you ever run into any troubles with the lead coming out then your pretty much done for . The pen comes with no instructions so it is very hard to figure how to get the pen working again . I had the pen for two days and not it does n't even work .
 This pencil lasted two months until the metal casing for the pencil eraser pushed into the body of the pen . It was never really secure around the eraser anyway - doing much erasing at all pushed the eraser in too far to use . I 'm sure that having to repeatedly pull the eraser out and reseat it did n't help the metal casing , but the pencil ca n't be easily used with a cap eraser.The pen is unusable without the eraser casing because it 's impossible to click to advance the lead . I may be able to pull it out at some point , but I 'm not sure it will be worth the effort.The erasers are n't a standard size I 've been able to find anywhere , either , so if you 're looking for a pencil you can easily supply you might want to look elsewhere.As a replacement -LRB- since I need a mechanical pencil NOW -RRB- I bought a2-pack of TUL mechanical pencils . So far I 'm liking the way it feels , and since the eraser twists up I 'm not anticipating the same eraser issues . The downside is that the TUL does n't have a retractable tip , which was the one good thing I could say about the GraphGear .
 I really like the look of this fax machine , and I love the fact that it 's compact and does n't take up much space . I have n't received any faxes yet , so I do n't know how well the prints will look . So far , I 'm having a lot of trouble faxing things out though . I 've sent faxes 4 times , and 2 of the 4 times , the receiver received missing pages . They sent me a PDF of what I had faxed them , and the missing pages just showed up as a blank pages.I already threw out the box , so I ca n't even return it . I feel like the machine was a waste of money .
 It was noted as `` Ships from and sold by Amazon.com . '' as new . But it came returned product and lot of damage on box . I 'm not sure if it has complete set . Product seems fine . I 'd return product , but film cartridge was already purchased from other place . Very disappointed to Amazon to sell as new .
 Bought the machine for personal use to send and recieve occasional business documents between households of our family , I 'm the family business manager . The machine was used less than half-a-dozen times and then it just stopped working . I threw it out as the warrenty was expired .
 I purchased this fax machine for my Home Office which also doubles as a TV room for the kids . I wanted to update the area and get a smaller fax and also get rid of the old officey beige color so my work area would be more in line with the modern decor in this room . This fax machine was shown in black in the photo - exactly what I wanted . ALERT = this fax is NOT black , nor gray , nor anything like it . It is BEIGE ! Not sure what to do as I have never had to return an item before to Amazon and would hate it if they stuck me with the return shipping . The specs on the product do not refer to color at all , so I was led to believe it looked like the photo pictured . I want the small black fax I ordered ! I am so disappointed .
 This product did not work at all . I did not have time to pack and send it so I threw it out !! Ca n't believe manufacturers put out this kind of junk into the market .
 If You 're looking to buy a handheld Encyclopdia and Dictionary , DO NOT get this one . This model from Seiko not only has less dictionary definitiions , it also has less entry 's -LRB- compared that to of the Sharp handheld E550 OXFORD Dictionary -RRB- . For example , SHARP 's word : `` Bumpkin
 I purchased and then returned this electric pencil sharpener . There are several things that made it not worth the money .1 -RRB- Very weak motor . If you push too hard it stalls , but if you do n't push hard enough it does n't sharpen . So you have to work very hard to maintain just the right pressure to get any results at all .2 -RRB- Even when you get the pressure right , it still does n't sharpen very well . The point is n't very pointy , and the wood is rough .3 -RRB- The unit is very light and unstable . There 's almost no way to sharpen the pencil with one hand - you have to hold the sharpener to keep it from falling over .4 -RRB- The shaving collector cup does n't latch in very well . Any little bump will knock it loose .
 I bought this sharpener for very cheap and soon learned why . The pencil got sharp , but the motor almost quit trying to do it . It looks nice , sleek , kinda like a mouse . Great desk decoration , or something to make it look like you do alot of work , but do not buy if you are really wanting to sharpen many pencils .
 This little unit has soldiered along now for well over a year . It works , but is very slow and whiny . Looking for a better one now , not because this one is broken , but because I 'm tired of waiting whilst being serenaded by the `` reer-reer-reer-reer-reer-reer '' this thing makes .
 I was so glad to finally have an electric pencil sharpener . It worked like a charm . However , in less than 1 year it did not sharpen our pencils anymore . The motor still worked and the sharpener still turned but it was useless . It seemed that maybe something -LRB- lead or wood -RRB- was stuck in it so that the pencils were not able to contact the sharpener . We took it apart twice , and nothing seemed to be lodged in it . Now , we are looking for another electric pencil sharpener .
 X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener broke after 10 sharpenings and of those 10 sharpenings it broke4 of the leads . Do n't Buy .
 Worked great for about 10 pencils , then simply stalled every time we put a pencil in . Returned to the store .
 First one could n't sharpen a pencil without breaking the lead . Second one burned out in no time . Poor quality junk cheaply made in China .
 I bought this about 4 years ago . I am now shopping for a new one . It functioned fine at first , with minimal use a few times a week , though it did take forever -LRB- about 45 seconds -RRB- to sharpen a new pencil . Over the past year , it has been getting weaker , and now the motor has all but died . For what these cost , I would rather spend twice as much , for one that should last more than twice as long , and sharpen better , too .
 Love the green color , shapens well , easy to use , easy to empty , and it holds up to kids . Low price and fast delivery . Glad we got it .
 I thought this pencil sharpener was really cute , but every picture shows it as green , when in reality it is more of a 1950 's gray-green color . The box even shows it pretty green . I was really disappointed with the actual color .
 This box is a little dissappointing in that the metal is so thin that the box will twist and the latch comes open . I expected a more substantial construction for $ 25 bucks . The slide holder insert is very cheap thin plastic , and the index sheet that came with it is just a loose piece of paper and not attached to the inside of the box top . This is about what I would expect for around $ 9.95 or so . I 'm glad that I did not purchase the double-sided box by the same manufacturer . I can just imagine the lower half falling open and spilling all the slides on the floor .
 I paid approximately 30 for this and am disappointed in the quality . Made of flimsy sheet metal -LRB- and I do mean flimsy -RRB- , the whole thing boasts of asian quality throughout . The top cover does n't close correctly , latches are poorly aligned , and the paint finish is . . well , un-finished . The white paper you see attached to the pictured unit must have been glued-on by the photographer , because it sure as heck does n't come that way . Avoid this , unless you just ca n't find any better .
 I have not received my drafting pencils yet . Is there some time that I should expect them ???????????????
 I am not ordering it at this time because it does ' t give me the option to personalize the cards prior to purchasing from Amazon .
 I ordered this magazine file to store magazines on my bookcase . I liked it on the photo because it is wide and have section and most important easy to put/take magazines from from . Most of magazine files I saw in stores like Office Depot are either cheap looking and flimsy or made the way making it difficult or impossible take magazines out if it is placed in bookcase . Unfortunately this one is also cheap looking/feeling and flimsy -LRB- esp section dividers -RRB- . So I am returning it back .
 KNG America Tony Stewart Vroom Phone -LRB- 026797 -RRB- I PURCHASE THIS ON 12/02/07 they sent me a defective product and when I informed of this they told me to send it back and they would correct it and send it back to me I informed them that I purchase this for a christmas present and I was not going to give in february or march !! besides which I should not pay to ship a product that was defective because their carelessness I told them to send me another and I would return theirs -LRB- AT THEIR EXPENSE -RRB- THAT WAS ALMOST 2 WEEKS AGO !! so I AM GOING TO GET A CREDIT OFF MY CREDIT CARD an if they want their phone back they should send me the means to do so I REFUSE TO PAY FOR THEIR CARELESSNES and I will NEVER DEAL WITH THEM AGAIN
 Title says it all . I bought this string to tie up cardboard for recycling purposes , and it wo n't hold even two or three cut-up boxes . It just tears with slight pressure . If you want to tie cake boxes in a bakery , then this is good , but if you need strength stay away .
 This is called a money pocket chart , but there is no money at all , and there is only one pocket . This is a small poster to hang on the wall with Velcro . You must put velcro onto the back of whatever you want to stick onto it . Not very useful .
 The phone has great vintage style but the sound quality is not there . When talking on the phone , there is a constant humming noise in the background . Irritating . Phone is being returned .
 I wanted a retro looking phone to put on top of our bar . The price is good , but with that saying , you also `` get what you pay for '' . It 's not a very heavy phone and mostly made of thin plastic . The look is good sitting on top of the bar , but the feel and weight says it 's cheap . I went ahead and kept the phone and started using it , but after only a few weeks the ringer has already stopped working . I would not recommend this item .
 I received this phone , it is cute and retro hoping to replace my WWTTON red retro phone but the sound quality in the Crosley is poor.There is a background buzz and when speaking on the phone the volume is too loud and this volume , unlike the ring volume , is not adjustable
 The phone has a very plastic feel to it and is much lighter than I expected after having read some of its other reviews . Made in China .
 I purchased one of these Crosley phones about 2 years ago . I used the phone as a backup and thus its use was occasional . The phone worked properly for several months until the day that I had trouble answering a call . The handset mechanism appeared to be stuck and as much as I flicked the button and jiggled the phone , I could not get the phone to connect properly . This turned out to be an intermittent problem for several months . However , eventually this problem developed into a permament issue to the point where I now plan on replacing the phone . I have lost far too many calls to risk having the phone around even as a backup . It is really too bad because the phone appears to be well made . I should also point out that while the phone is attractive and looks vintage from a distance , the body material is not Bakelite but a more modern material . Still , I wish my phone worked properly because genuine vintage phones are quite expensive .
 Once the wire from the handset to the body of the phone frays or cracks , the phone can only be used as a paperweight . The wire is not the detachable kind which can be replaced . It is flimsy and easy to pull apart , especially since the handset is heavy . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 When I first got this phone , I immediately had doubts about its quality . The handset did not sit level on the base , a condition I have never run into with any phone at any price.The phone did work , and the sound was good . However , 3 years down the line it suddenly went `` click '' during a call and loud static in the background moved in.I 'm recylcing the phone as it ca n't be used.Also , you ca n't remove the housing without cracking it or worse . It is very repair unfriendly . I would have liked to check if a wire had gotten loose , but it became pointless to do this because the phone 's retro beauty would have been damaged in the process.The problem was the phone itself and not its wall connection.So I 'm giving it 2 stars . A land phone that 's not mistreated should last for years and years . This one is rather pricey and it did n't come close .
 Very poor telephone . The microphone is too sensitive and not adjustable , which make everything way too loud . You have to hold the microphone at eye level to make the sound tolerable . I would return it but i did not save the box . Most phones costing half as much are better than this one .
 `` The item is not solid metal , it is plastic with chrome finishing . For it 's price I would expect a better quality item made in the USA and not in China . Ringer does n't sound as loud as a vintage phone would ring . Do n't buy it it is a waste of money . ''
 poor sound qualityno modular connection on hand setecho when you talkVERY poor ringer
 I bought this phone for my retro-basment . It worked about 6-9 months and then stopped . I replaced the cord with no avail . I paid $ 60 for it . It is a piece of junk ! However , it does look good .
 I bought the Crosley phone and the Crosley wall phone . They look good , and I like the ring , but they are cumbersome to use for phone calls , and the sound quality is terrible . These phones are good for nostalgia and looks , not for use .
 The hardwired 7 ' cord is silly for a wall phone . I was intending to put a 25-50 cord on this given that 's what it was intended to replace.The other issue is the ringer ... they attribute the `` meek dingk '' ring to having too many phones plugged in which decreases volume . Hmmmm ... the ORIGINAL BELL wall phone that was replaced did n't have any problem with decibels.While the looks and heft are nice , it does n't make up for the other deficiencies . Conclusion
 The phone is terrible . It lasted one week and broke . I would tell anyone not to but it , go elsewhere .
 Loved the way this phone looks , but three of the dial numbers do n't work and the ring arrived broken as well ! Disappointed , because I loved the idea of having a vintage-looking phone in the house .
 A. I needed to see the letters , but they are not big enough compared to the numbers . B . You ca n't hear anything on this no matter how far you stick your finger into your other ear . C . The buttons stick making it VERY difficult to use . D. Horrible ring .
 I was disappointed with this product . The closure is poorly secure and broke with a couple days of receipt . I would not recommend purchase .
 The folder has good enough holding size but the buttons fall off pretty quickly . Good for organizing and storage but not for carrying with you .
 My son said he opened one folder and the button just fell off and I paid $ 9.97 for three in a package
 The caller ID feature on this phone takes so long to register who has called that your answering machine has picked up before you can know who called . If you are buying a phone with built in caller ID , look elsewhere .
 I bought this phone on the strength of the good reviews here . Sorry , folks , it has a few problems , starting with the fact that it uses so much juice that the battery can not make it through a 15 minute phone call . It does n't give very much warning before it dies either . It needs to be charged all night , EVERY night , and still can not manage to make it through the day.In addition , the caller ID sometimes registers the previous call instead of the current one . The same thing happens with the redial.I have some saved messages that I do n't necessarily want to hear every time , but I get a ring back if I do n't listen to every message . In all fairness , this could be the fault of my voice mail rather than the phone.Don ' t buy this one ! ...
 This phone has terrific features such as dual keypad on base and handset , speakerphone on base and handset , and most impressively caller ID windows on both the base and handset . However , the quality is very poor and it has some design flaws . The range is horrible - I was unable to walk outside without the phone cutting out for two or three seconds , and I could not walk to my mailbox without losing my call . Also , the phone does not rest well on its cradle which makes it nearly impossible to mount on the wall bracket . My first 1932 had to be returned within a week because it fell off of it 's wall mount and the antenna broke -LRB- the antenna was in the down position and it still broke -RRB- . All in all I was very dissapointed with this phone and with V-Tech customer service . I ordered this phone directly from V-Tech 's web site and had many , many problems working with them . The great features are n't worth the faults of this phone .
 This phone had every feature I was looking for-dual keypad , speakerphone , etc. . Unfortunately , any time I walk to the back of the house or upstairs , it cuts out and reads `` channel searching '' , then finds a new channel . This happens alot . I do not have a big house . As soon as I walk away from the base it starts in . It is so annoying and it happens about every 11/2 minutes until I go back into the room with the base . I live in residential area of a small city so there is n't a lot of interference from surrounding buildings . It just should n't channel surf this much . I 'm dumping it .
 I bought this product and right after installing it , on my first call I noticed there were gaps on the audio . I spoke to Manufacturer and they claim it is interference and should not place the base near any electronic equipment -LRB- my computer -RRB- . Despite that my previous cordless phone worked in the same place until it died without interference , I changed the new one . It still looses the channel at 35 feet from the base . replaced it right away but same story ...
 This machine is easy to use and has a good quality cordless phone . The quality of the little computer chip which records the incoming messages is not good , however , and many times messages are totally indecipherable . Tapes are far better than chips.My main beef with this machine which drives me crazy is that you can not delete faxes from the memory . So if someone sends you an unwanted 20 page fax while you 're out - even when there is no paper in the tray - it gets stored in the memory and the only way you can get it out of the memory is to print it . Turning the machine off does delete it . You can waste a -LSB- money amount -RSB- cartridge just clearing the memory of your machine . Cartridges are -LSB- spendy -RSB- and print surprisingly few pages .
 I 've had my machine for two years . What a piece of junk . The paper does n't feed in straight -- it emerges crinkled , if it does n't get jammed . The digital answering machine is unclear . The phone is too quiet , even when turned up , and the battery burned out quickly . The print is fuzzy . There is not a single decent feature on this item .
 Package says `` Heavy Duty '' , but this tape was n't at all strong enough . Did n't adhere well to some plastics , and it let loose when I thought it should n't . I 'll look for a different solution .
 Sure looks nice , but looks can be deceiving ! I bought this for work I have had it for two days and will be returning it tomorrow . I had to stand there and feed page by page or otherwise it would jam up . I got 2 faxes to go through that way and now the ink film is out . I would need to purchase a new one for $ 25 . At that cost I am better off going down the steet and have the copy place do it for less ! I am greatly disappionted in this unit and would urge anyone to NOT buy it !
 If you enjoy yelling and cursing at machines , this is the one for you . I will admit the phone and copy features are totally fine , but the faxing feature will give you ulcers and gray hair.Don ' t overwhelm this hunk of junk by faxing more than 5 pages at once ! Believe me , if you try to fax 6 pages or more it will either feed too many pages thru at once or will go thru fine , then say transmition failed for no other reason than to make you crazy . The receiving parties will think you 're an idiot for having to fax a 10 page document in 3 increments.Waste of money ! This thing is more useful in the landfill . You 've been warned !
 When I saw the product , it looks , based on the add , that four rulers would be shipped for the one price . However , I only received one ruler , not four . I returned the product back for a refund .
 It 's a ruler . No big deal . It works . It came In a box big enough to hold a pair of women 's boots . Really . What a waste . Let 's rethink packaging here .
 First I was wrong , I do not read well that word &#34; ruler &#34; in singular and I hoped four ruler instep only one ... mine error , but I think that the seller has to put pictures with colors but with a more clear a visible information about that is one ruler . Or maybe it does not want a fear ad . The product is normal , you get the color by lucky , you can not chose color . I bought this for pencil cases of my kids for the size but only one of three can to have the ruler . Too bad for the seller . -LRB- Sorry for my english -RRB-
 Make no mistake ! This product resembles old chewing gum , when trying to remove from drywall , brick , cinder block , etc. . If left on , for long periods , ie ; classroom for a year , you will find it nearly impossible to remove without resorting to chemical means . It will often remove the drywall 's paper and/or paint from underlying surface . Do n't expect your custodian to appreciate this as a means to hang stuff on a wall , unless nobody cares what it looks like ever again .
 This sticky tack is not very sticky . It sticks the the walls great , but only until you attach a piece of paper to it . The paper rarely stays up ! About half the time , there is blue residue left on the wall where the tack was . I do not recommend using this product .
 I will give the product credit that it instructions to have a disclaimer about not leaving on more than 48 hours , which we probably did do . It also advises against use on flat paint - ours is more of an eggshell , but still . So my only advice is to very much heed the instructions - we were left with sticky blue residue on our white walls after hanging Halloween decorations , and it does n't look promising - perhaps a full interior repaint ... be very very very careful and/or wary of this product . I 'd have gladly taken tack holes or risked using tape instead .
 I agree with the first reviewer . This is not much of a toy at all . I made a little cannon at work one day on a long conference call , and it didnt last too long . The barrel started drooping , and the cannon balls didnt really hold up to much of a beating . I would expect cannon balls to last longer , and be more durable .
 Sticky Tack is less of a toy and more of a adhesive . I used it to place on the edge of show plates in plate racks to keep them from shifting or falling .
 This stand was returned because the description said it would hold up to 50 pounds . It would not hold that nor anywhere near that amount of weight .
 First , the unit does work . However , for the price I expected more like higher quality plastic , a better track system , etc. . Given that you can buy a wireless mouse and keyboard for less this item is definitely overpriced .
 I bought a Cross Ballpoint refill , fine black , 2 per card a few months ago . One of the refills worked for 2 days then went dry , the other was OK . I wrote explaining what happened and you sent me another set at no charge even though it was a little beyond the warrantee period for which I was grateful . The same thing happened to the new set you sent me , one was dry in two days and the other I 'm still using . I think the Cross Company needs to improve their quality control . At least I have two refills that work out of four that you sent me , so I 'm not asking for another set . I 'll just think twice about buying Cross pens from amazon.Paul Martel
 The product arrived arrived as described , 14 WEEKS AFTER ORDERING !! On the bright side the refillls do fit in my pen .
 Got the ink and the refill fit in my Cross pen but the ink worked intermittantly . Sent it back and was replaced and the same thing happened the ink was not working . So needless to say I sent it back and will try a different vendor .
 I bought these long time back , but both the refills were empty the next day.I love Cross Pens , but never expected this . Anyway will try some other refills .
 Beware . Does n't fit my Cross pen , even though I double checked the model of both pen and refill on the Cross site before ordering . Did n't try it soon enough after purchase and missed the window for returning it .
 I 'm not saying that all things made in China are cheap and lack quality , it 's just that this one does ! A. T. Cross & Co. , I probably wo n't buy any of your products for a while yet .
 Very dissappointed in how my labels came out , The labels sucked up the ink and were very drab in color .
 This phone has Yahoo all over it , the actual screen was yahoo , , Only one problem , I called Yahoo wondering why I was having problems getting it to work , , , , IT IS NOT SUPPORTED BY YAHOO , WON `` T WORK , NO GO , Throw Away ...
 I did purchase this product and it turned out it is a piece of junk . The software will not install at all.I tried it on XP , Vista and 7 . Same.Searched online , could not find any solution.Finally called LinkSys 24/h tech support . I was told the phone only works on XP -LRB- not for me though -RRB- and i was offered 3 options.Either I pay for extended support -LRB- I think $ 29 if I remember well -RRB- , or I pay for one time support for I think 24h , or I buy another phone from them with some discount.I opted for none of the above and decided to throw away the phone.I have been using a uniden phone which works with MSN for the past 3 years without any problem . You simply plug it and you can use it right away , no software needed except for msn messenger .
 There is no current support for this with the newer yahoo messengers . you will not be able to use it anytime soon it seems . it looks like yahoo ont support it neither will the manufacturer Linksys
 I get the phone and it works for two days and then it suddenly goes `` 0ut of Range '' permanently - even while sitting on the base . The slip it came with said `` thanks for your purchase and come to www.affordabletech.info for our support site . Well I went there and it does n't exist . What did pop up was another site where technicians wanted to charge me from 30 to 60 dollars for their opinions on how to fix it . -LRB- ???? -RRB- . It is obvious that this phone is outdated . It is not compatible with the updated internet technology and therefore it will soon -LRB- mine only worked for two days -RRB- start popping up error messages .
 I guess I ' l Start here I am a vista user , I downloaded the software , and hooked up the phone as directed . I then charged thephone for 14 hours . First I get this run time error , So I uninstalled and reinstalled yahoo messenger with voice from the CD that came with the phone , no error but I couldnt hear or send sound , so i checked all setting , I then looked for updated drivers ... yeah right , the linksys web site sucks and the phone is a bit outdated so coustomer service wants you to pay . Mind you I am in Iraq -LRB- Deployed -RRB- . So I tried all the same steps on my roommates XP based Laptop . Still No resualts , Now I 'm disgruntled and aggravated ! So save your money . My roommate has a regular VOIP phone that works fine , and maybe I have bad luck because I tried to order the phone he has and Amazon told me they were out of stock but the seller stated they were discountinued ... OK so what is it ????? te same phone is still listed on amazons website . and the phillips I wanted I couldnt find anyone to ship to me from amazon 's site . So good luck , think Im going to start sing ebay .
 THE IDEA OF THE PRODUCT IS GREAT , BUT IT IS VERY HARD TO FIGURE OUT . WE STILL HAVE N'T FIGURED OUT HOW TO OPERATE IT PROPERLY . WE GOT FRUSTERATED TRYING TO USE THE ON SCREEN INSTRUCTIONS , SO WE GAVE UP !! I ALMOST SENT IT BACK . WE USE IT FOR RECEIVING CALLS ONLY ! WHAT WOULD MAKE ME HAPPY IS TO TALK LIVE WITH SOMEONE , TO TRY TO HELP ME FIGURE OUT HOW TO WORK IT !
 We bought this phone in order to make/receive calls with Yahoo Voice , using Phone Out and Phone In . But , apart from its nice design , this phone did n't meet our expectations , mainly because of its unability to transfer contact data from your Yahoo Adress book . And entering contacts in the phone or simply navigate into the menus was n't the best part . However , this phone seems to be a better performer for PC to PC calls -LRB- Yahoo Msgr directly -RRB- since you can directly access your Messenger contact list .
 The CIT 310 phone is a great idea , but there are major problems with the phone that detract from its full potential . The first problem is that the sound volume heard by the phone user is way too low and as far as I can tell unadjustable . This is also true for calls placed over the regular phone line even with the phone disconnected from the computer . The sound heard by the people being called is satisfactory and most of the time they report a real clear sound . The second problem is that if the computer is in sleep mode , either an incoming call or an attempt to use the phone will restart the computer . These two problems make the phone not very useful to me .1 / 25/07 Beware the obvious . The navigation bar adjusts the volume . The user manuel does not tell you this nor did my contacts with Linksys . I now think this is a very good product and would rate it as a 4 star .
 I connected this to use this just as a Internet phone . Here are the problems for which I did not see a easy way to fix :1 . When I connect this device , it turns my speakers off .2 . I have a phone-out service from Yahoo.I thought I could dial-out phone numbers or find yahoo address book contacts on the device , but it only shows my IM buddies , who are not on my phone-out dial-list . When I dial a number , I do n't hear anything.All in all a disappointment . I need to return it .
 This product is very bad for me . Even in the fixed line I am getting lot of disturbance . Please dont waste your money for this worthless product . Even the company is not responding any of your questionsNever got for this
 These items were sold to me out of manufacturers warranty by more than a year . Also , they are not Mac OS compatible . The manufacturer said they are now going to support Macs but they have not shipped any . Al
 When I reeived the phone I had problems getting it to program into the computer . I called the manufactor and was told the phone was two years old and there for the warrenty was expired . I could not believe I received a product that was all ready that old . I have my doubt about buying on line again exspecially with Amazon . I was really looking forward to using the phone . I returned the phone and im waiting for my refund .
 The main reason I got this phone was for a nice DECT 6.0 phone . The VoIP functionality was nothing more than an added bonus . After poking around with it , I 'm glad that 's all I got it for . Weather functionality always returns errors and VoIP quality is nothing more than acceptable.Using a land line the phone is quite nice . Volume is quite loud using the ear piece . Range is very good ; I walked up our street a bit before it began cutting out . Battery life seems fine ; it has a battery meter on it and I 've never seen it below 2/3 . However , I almost always have it in the base.Some problems I have noticed though ... Speaker phone is hit or miss . While the volume is very loud , ambient noise -LRB- or anything picked up by the microphone -RRB- seems to cause the speaker to become very quiet . Keys can be a little confusing at first , and numbers sometimes get pressed twice -LRB- not too bad until you 're trying to enter something like a credit card number ! -RRB- Also , while not so much a problem , the phone is not quite as customizable as I 'd like it to be . It has a number of rings to choose from , but most are very annoying polyphonic music . And out of the 4 backgrounds , two are Yahoo related , one 's Linksys , and the generic one is rather `` flowery '' ? The ability to add new backgrounds and rings would be nice ... One last thing I should probably bring up ; my phone was manufactured in 10/2006 -LRB- purchased 1/2009 -RRB- . The 100 free Yahoo minutes expired 10/2008 . None of this really bothers me except the fact the battery has been sitting unused and uncharged for over two years . The good news is the battery appears to be two AAA NiMH so it should be very easy to replace should it die prematurely ... Lots of people tend to compain about how unsteady it is standing up . Fact of the matter , it 's really not meant to stand up besides in the base . When not charging , it 's really meant to lay flat on it 's back , hence the rubber back their.All in all , for $ 25 I do really like this phone . I love how it looks , I like all the little menus and such it has . I do wish it could connect directly to a network without a computer and the VoIP functionality worked better as a whole . This is why I gave it a rather low rating . However , once you get over the keyboard and forget it 's a dual mode phone , it easily deserves 4 or 5 stars in my book . -- EDIT -- 07/09/11 - Seems I was quite optimistic back then ! So after living with this phone for a few years , I 'm darn near ready to throw it out the Window . VoIP here is a joke , though I never planned on using it . Call quality leaves much to be desired . Generally it 's fine , but some people come through as almost silent . This seems to be a problem mostly with telemarketers , perhaps something with their headsets . I found myself starting with this phone and many times going off to get another phone so I could actually make out what people where saying . And realize this was not from the speaker simply being quiet , it would cut out . The final straw would be the buttons . Normally they were n't too bad , but at times they would input characters twice . It 's not too bad when dialing since you could dial then star the call , but quite annoying when you 're trying to enter information.So , take this long term review as you wish , but I would stray away from this phone . As a toy , it 's very neat and fun to poke around with . For actual calls though , get something a bit more reliable .
 i can not make this product work with Yahoo 9.0 . It is too old of a phone and no longer supported by Linksys .
 I purchased this phone as an alternate to my cell phone when minutes got low I could use the cit310 at a very much cheaper rate than my cell phone carrier charges for excess minutes.My problem was it was working fine for a year and then for some reason it would not perform correctly . I could make a call but the reciever could not hear me , and I could not leave a message on there cell phone or land line , and and after testing on my own a little further I would have someone call me which I could recieve calls and they said I was very hard to hear . Now when I did upgrade to yahoo messenge 9 it would not work at all and then I had to go back to the older version and it worked fine in all ways.I called Linksys Tech and after talking to some foreigner -LRB- probably India -RRB- this I presume because when I had trouble with my linksys wireless router I was talking to a young lady in the Philippines , any way he said because the phone was out of warranty a few months andI would have to purchase a one time $ 29.99 customer support call or a $ 39.99 for a 6 month support service , in order for him to help with the above problem and as I explained all the problems to him he said it is a software glitch and needed upgrading other than what was available on the web site and for him to direct to the website I would need to purchase the above contract support.One would think that a company like Linksys would put out updates on a regular basis for there products.I got so upset I just told him that was the last Linksys product I would buy , because if a company cant put out a simple upgrade I did not need them.If anyone has had this similiar problem and or found a fix please email me , unfortunately where i am living now is a poor reception for my cell phone.I hope this helps other people in the Linksys cit310 with the version 1.2 . Please email me if anyone has found a solution -LRB- dml822000@yahoo.com -RRB-
 Product drops and then reestablishes the usb connection in Vista for no apparent reason . Half of the computer screen shows the status of the phone as it goes in and out of connection . The connection messages keep piling up . Ca n't get the phone to work . Wondering if WORLD WIDE DISTRIBUTORS is selling fake products . It would be my guess that this phone is a fake.If you check with Microsoft , the CIT310 is compatible with Vista.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 When I first read other reviews about this phone I was n't too worried . Now after purchasing it I wish I never had . The cradle for the phone to sit in on the base is too small . One little bump and out falls the phone on the floor . I have never been able to use the phone for VIOP which is a shame since thats why I purchased it . Now it constantly says out of range even though I 'm right next to the base . So now it 's just worthless . It makes me wonder if there are quality issues where this phone is assembled . How can it have such good and bad reviews otherwise . I do n't recomend buying one of these unless you enjoy headaches .
 As a regular Yahoo! Voice user , I was excited to see this product become available , and ordered one as soon as I saw it.It was easy to set up , and worked well , out of the box . I did some normal land-line calls -LRB- non-VOIP -RRB- , and it worked well . It downloaded my Yahoo contact list to the phone , but I was n't able to select a number to dial over the normal line . I had to dial the numbers myself.Then I made a VoIP call , and things fell apart . The calls completed successfully , but both people I called complained of echoes and low volume , so much so that they said they felt it was unusable . The problem got worse the further away from the base unit . Given the generally high quality of Yahoo! Voice , I was extremely dissappointed.Hopefully a software up will become available to improve this , but for now , I would hold off purchasing .
 This product did n't work like it said it would . I think it Sucks !!! Maybe it will work better in the USA . I 'm currently in Iraq . Yahoo! Messenger with voice online works Great for me . I thought buying the phone would work good too , but I was wrong!If your deployed , do n't waste your money ! Use Yahoo! Messenger with voice but make sure you have a web cam build in your laptop or PC.I would have gave the phone no Stars but it would not let me !
 I bought this Phone back in August since I needed an alternative to reduce my long distance charges . I had tried making long distance calls through Yahoo! Voice and their service was pretty good . So I just needed to have a handsfree phone that I could use anywhere in the house . I found this one in Amazon and purchased it when the price had dropped down to $ 20 with free shipping . Great deal . I received it promptly and had it installed in no time . It worked perfectly . I was so happy with it that I recommended it to everybody and even bought a second one and gave another one as a gift . But recently I started getting charges from Yahoo! Voice for calls that did n't connect . I contacted Yahoo! Voice support and they said I needed to upgrade to latest Yahoo! Messenger version . HUGE mistake because now I get a `` runtime error '' that shuts down the voip application . Yahoo! Voice says they ca n't help and refer me to Linksys . And since this phone is obsolete , Linksys no longer provides support for it.So if you want to buy this phone , you are warned that any issues you might have , you 're on your own since there 's no support from the Manufacturer . But you could still use it for your landline ; this is why I give it only 2 stars because it does not support its main function as a VOIP phone.I have started researching VOIP phones again for a replacement .
 I 'm glad I got it for the lowest price I could find . Althought the people on the other end sound only slightly disatant , there 's not any static or anything of that sort - but it is pretty hard to hear them , and I 've not had much luck in finding anyway to adjust to volume in a discernable way . The calling out works fine , once you figure out what settings to put the mic and speakers on - but that took some trial and error . And just when you think you have it , someone calls you , and the settings that worked for calling out , do n't work for calling in . have n't had a chance to convince someone to trouble shoot it with me - it 'd take them making a few calls while I try the different settings options . So it 's functional . partially . And I think I recall recieving a call on it successfully once , but I do n't remember the settings I used . The literature/manuals were not vista based or the latest version of Messenger , so the settings they described did n't apply .
 The Linksys CIT 310 is pure trash . No help what-so-even from Linksys . Several of us purchased these units and none worked as described . It is better to use Yahoo and pay for the minutes directly than to waste the money on this Linksys CIT 310 item .
 For me , this product was useless . I could never get the base receiver and handset to communicate . Technical support was non-existent nor did anyone respond to my email queries . The knowledge base on the manufacturer 's web site did not contain any information on this problem , which seems to be something that should have been addressed . I will never buy another LinkSys product .
 works one out of 8 times that I connect it to my computer . I mostly gave up and use my Yahoo on the computer directly . I purchased a kensington blue tooth phone so that I could snip the wires and walk and talk which was my initial goal of purchasing the CIT310 phone . The one saving grace , I was able to plug in my vonage telephone line so that I could have ONE device on my desk . The concept is GREAT , COOL and VERY useful when it works .
 It 's a pretty cool idea but it just did n't work for me , so I returned it.The phone kept crashing Yahoo Messenger.When I 'd make or receive a call , it would make Messenger go off-line . I wasted a lot of time upgrading Messenger and making sure I had all the current drivers -LRB- I use XP -RRB- for the phone but there was no fix I could do myself.Complicating matters , I do n't have a standard phone to call tech support . So , I just gave up and returned it.THANKS AMAZON for your liberal and easy return policy . You guys deserve five stars for that.PS to the makers of this procuct
 I purchase this phone with the hope that my experience would have been good . Some of the reviews were suggesting that one could have problems getting this to work . I thought that I would still give it a try . Sorry to report . Had I gone to Linksys forum before my purchase I would have left this alone . The product seem to have a harrow story that is not getting resolution from the technical people at linksys . it 's a very attractive handset and the features it is supposed to have sound good . There are however some problems that seem to be consistent with this product . The audio set up is faulty , either , you can hear the person you called but they do n't hear you or when the call is picked up at the other end the mic and the speaker on the hand set drops out . I would say do n't waste your time or money on this junk until yahoo and linksys sorts it out . It a very good idea but so far that 's all it is , an idea.Update October 2008 ; I eventually got this to work but the microphone and the speaker quality is not good at all . I would still say , if you can do better do n't waste your money on this .
 It is only good for pc to pc calls via messenger . In other words , use this as a wireless headphone/mic . It does that job great -LRB- I would have given 5 stars if that was the only purpose with this gadget -RRB- . But if you are paying $ 80.00 + and expect a good job with this phone , you are wrong . It is junk for that price . Lot of troubles with hearing while talking on home phone line . No problem with yahoo voice . Can not dial international access '' + '' sign . Usermanual is another junk came with this phone . Pls dont buy this unless until you are looking for a wireless headphone/mic to use with yahoo messenger.I am happily returned this junk today ! : -RRB-
 AFTER RETURNING THE FIRST UNIT I TRIED TO GET THE REPLACENT UNIT TO WORK EVEN TOOK IT TO A COMPUTER REPAIR SHOP TO SEE IF I WAS DOING SOMETHING WRONG THIS COST ME 40 DOLLARS . THE SHOP MAKE IT WORK OR SO THEY SAID BUT I STILL COULD NOT GET THE PEOPLE I CALLED TO HEAR ME OVER THE PHONE I ALSO SPENT HOURS ON THE PHONE WITH THE MANUFACTURER TRYING TO MAKE IT WORK FINALLY GAVE UP AND RETURNED HAD TO PAY SHIPPING TO RETURN IT ALL IN ALL WAS OUT TOO MUCH MONEY AND TIME
 I thought this phone might be the perfect thing for an American working overseas who did n't want to be tied to her computer while making calls to loved ones back home . Boy , was I wrong !!!! I 've had the phone for several days , but only installed and left it to charge the day I got it , figuring I 'd come back on the weekend and give it a good workout . Well , after many hours of changing all the settings on my computer , uninstalling , reinstalling , rebooting , no help from Linksys live online tech support , fruitless phone calls to Linksys and a couple of hours of fighting the urge for a stiff adult beverage to take the sting out of this nightmare , I am just about ready to box it up and send it back to Amazon . Installation seemed to be a breeze , but it 's not working like it should . Instead of the audio from the handset and not PC speakers , I hear it from both the handset and the PC speakers . Of the few calls that did make it through -LRB- I believe that to be a problem with this phone and not Yahoo Voice , as I 've very very rarely had dropped calls in the 4 months I 've been using Yahoo Voice -RRB- once they connected I only heard audio through the PC speakers . No more audio on the handset , and apparently no one could hear me either . I looked everywhere on Linksys ' website for an answer , even scrolling through all of the VOIP questions and answers on the users ' forum . I spent half an hour waiting `` in line '' for the online tech support and when my turn finally came all I got was a message saying to call the 800 number , which is 800-326-7114 -LRB- in case anyone else feels like beating their head against the wall . -RRB- Linksys has to have one of the WORST tech support lines I have ever had to deal with . First of all , they are obviously working from a script -LRB- understandable , up to a point -RRB- and they do n't really listen to what you are telling them . I would consider myself an extremely articulate person , who has never had a problem getting my point across or being understood when explaining something . After several minutes of telling the person on the other end of the line what was happening , what steps I had taken to try to resolve the problem , and what happened as a result of the measures I had already taken , the guy responds with , `` So you say you 're not able to hear anything on the handset ? '' `` No , that was n't what I said , did you not listen to anything I just said ? '' He asked a couple more questions about what was happening , including what I had done and not done -LRB- all of which I 'd already covered -RRB- and then while answering his question , the call was dropped . So I called back , got a different tech support nonhelper and and went through the same deal on an even worse scale . I 've had it , I so feel that this has been a HUGE WASTE OF MONEY . Customer service from Linksys is horrid , the phone has been a major disappointment , and now I 'll have to make a special trip to a military post office to send this back to Amazon . Not at all the convenience I expected it to be . I may after a day or two , try again , though I can already see that it will be up to me to solve the problem since Linksys has been no help whatsoever . If anything changes I 'll update this review .
 sound quality is poor . saving numbers to the phone is also not simple.Over all improvements are required
 I had a tough time getting it recognized by messenger . It only works with version 8 of messenger . When it does connect , the volume is too low . The phone is too small and the cradle tips over easily . Not recommended .
 I have Yahoo Voice , thru Yahoo Messenger . So I ordered two CIT310 with Yahoo messenger . I also have Yahoo VOICE service.After connecing the phones to the internet , I found out that the Yahoofeature only works with the people you have listed on your Messenger List.Well , that was of no use to me . I need to call everyone through Yahoo , and this CIT310 will not do that.I do n't have a LANDLINE phone . So I am totally Yahoo VOICE internet user.Returned the phones for credit . . Signed up with -LSB- ... -RSB- and got a YIFI Skype phone , and it works great .
 This is a bad company . I purchased a wireless router from them and , truth be told , it never really worked right . The speed was ok , but it was impossible to set up without tech support and every so often it would simply stop working . When that happened I would be forced to call tech support and spend 30-60 minutes on the phone fighting with them about resetting the router . I recently purchased a new computer and decided to save a little money by moving this router to it . When I called tech support I was told that the router was out of its warranty period and they could not help me ... unless I would pay them to . That 's right , I would have to pay for the assistance on their product - a working product because it was not under warranty.So be warned that you are only buying the option to use Linksys ' products for a limited time - that is if you have any problems whatsoever that require tech support . I am now trying a Trendnet . Let 's see if they are any better .
 Recieved item on time , phone did not work out of the box , e mailed Amazon about the problem they said it was world wide dist . problem , e mailed world wide dist . they said it was Amazons problem . Will not do bussines with either company again .
 Original Review - ... requires fiddling with . The two annoyances I had were how to control the audio while not affecting the settings of my computer audio , and how to get non-yahoo messenger contacts to show up in the phone 's phone book . For the audio , in system audio properties leave default audio devices the way they are , check the `` use only default devices '' box . In yahoo messenger under calling and audio preferences , microphone and speakers should be set to usb phone device . This option did n't actually show up the first time I tried , and it took a few tries installing the new version , uninstalling and reinstalling old version of ym , etc , etc. . It works fine now although if I look at my settings for audio in ym they look like they reverted back to system default , but it works , so go figure . For the phone book , if you add the phone numbers to the linksys contacts applet , they show up in the phone when you push the ` yahoo face ' button.Update 4/13/11
 I am a huge fan of Linkys -- except when it came to the CIT310 . I had problems from the very beginning . I have looked far and wide on the net for solutions , but all I come across are people who have similar problems and solutions that are supposed to work , but do n't . I do n't think the CIT310 is Vista compatible -LRB- not too many things are , including myself -RRB- and I tried both versions 9 and 8 of Yahoo! Messenger . The audio will sometimes work for 2 seconds and then switch back to my default speakers.Regardless , support for this is horrible as Linksys has not come out with a new driver or a fix and neither has Yahoo!The bottom line
 Product works but leaves a caller id of 7777777777 which some folks will not answer ; also ; adding numbers to the phone is a pain in the but too . I would not buy phone again for these reasons . It does work though .
 At the offered price , this is a good buy . Caveat Emptor ! However , be aware that it will not dial out from the phone book using Yahoo Messenger Voice.If you are willing to insert the numbers for every call you wish to make , involving the entering of some 14 or 15 digits , then you should be quite happy with the results . The instruction manual is sadly lacking in describing exactly how to make calls , but a search of the Linksys web site will turn up some useful help from other users .
 I had this phone for 4 -LRB- four -RRB- years . It has been a hassle to deal with the yahoo Messenger application updates , but I got it working every time after searching for a version this works with -LRB- latest was 9.0.2128 -RRB- . But now on , everything stopped.As in yesterday , my phone did not work anymore , I very sure that Yahoo stopped supporting YM version 9 application voice phone in / out service . Good , let 's update to 10 , it must be better ... Wait , tough luck : CIT310 DOES NOT WORK WITH YAHOO MESSENGER 10 ... After spending just 2 minutes on live chat with JAJAH -LRB- YM voice paid services ; btw , they sold those a while ago ... rrriigghhtt !!! ... -RRB- , I was told in clear `` WE DO NOT SUPPORT USB PHONES '' . So : DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE - IT IS NOT SUPPORTED ANYMORE BY YM PAID VOICE SERVICES
 I wish I never bought this phone!Like some others mentioned ; it was a huge waste . The landline connection works but it is very difficult to hear the other person on the line , sometimes it is very loud , sometimes you ca n't tell what he/she is saying . The volume controls are difficult to balance . The menus are very badly designed makes you feel like the phone is a kids toy or something . When dialing a number you will be faced with the number being pressed twice or sometimes it wont appear on the screen , this is because of the lousy design of the keypad.I have hooked it up to my pc and at first it worked and the pc recognized it and it was ok , the second time I unhooked it and then retried connecting it and the pc didnt find it , I unloaded the software reloaded but nothing.Believe me if you like using the yahoo voice features stick with a set of headsets and mic , if you want to get tacky maybe get some bluetooth gear , but this phone is not worth a cent .
 I was looking for good cordless phone and when I found that this Dual phone , meaning it helps me call via yahoo messenger and also able to receive my land line calls . I was really excited and wanted to give it a try.I ordered on Amazon and with great exciment I hooked up to my land line , I was able to make & receive calls , however I found that the speaker phone too feeble and often the person at the other ended up repeating the same conversation over and over again.Then I hooked it up to my PC which I use to make yahoo VOIP calls using internet -LRB- my PC is connected to a linksys router thru a Wi-Fi connection -RRB- . I installed the software as per the instructions and tried making yahoo voip call , for some reason I could not make even a single voip call . I was able make the same call directly from PC using yahoo messenger . I tried getting the up to date drivers/software from the linksys website that didnt help either.Then I called up linksys techsupport , the lady over there took several minutes in getting all my contact information onto her computer and then listned to my problem . I was surprised that she had no idea of what was going on . I was expecting her to lend me sometechincal tips like looking at a log , disabling firewall or anti virus software etc etc. . I asked her whether I should dial +1 prefix before dialing an outside number on my phone out account , she could not understand what I was asking . for every question I asked she took a break to clarify the same with her collegue . The only thing she kept repeating that I should try connecting this phone to another PC and there could be something wrong with my machine ... Although I dont deny that there might be something wrong with my pc but where will I get another PC to test this device !! After wasting several mins on the tech support call , I decided to return the device , Thanks to Amazon return policy I have got a mail from them that the the amount credited to my card .
 well im in iraq and i figured i buy this phone so i could communicate with my wife through yahoo messenger at first the phone was working ok . . well for about 3 hours . then all of a sudden my sound settings were altered horribly and the phone stopped working i finally figured out how to properly use it and lets just say it works when it wants ... your better off buying a headphone set ...
 I thought I was buying the pictured 12 pack of Mr. Sketch markers -LRB- featuring 12 different maker colors -RRB- . However , when my package arrived , I discovered that I had really ordered a 12 pack box of only RED Mr. Sketch makers . They come in a typical office supply white box . This product is nothing at all like what is pictured.I suppose the fault lies with me for not reading the description . I ordered this item only based on the picture . I hope others do not make the same mistake!If you want only red Mr. Sketch makers , this is the product for you .
 This thing is advertised as a `` Stafford '' padfolio . I have purchased Stafford items before , and their quality standards are very good . HOWEVER , what I got in the mail when I ordered this , was a very cheap chinese made imitation , it does n't even have a brandmake on it . What a rip off .
 I was looking for regular size glue sticks to use for my craft projects and found what I thought were the regular size , but was sent mini glue sticks instead . I do n't have a mini glue gun , so these did n't work . I live in Turkey and ca n't find glue sticks at a craft store like in the states , because they do n't have them here , so I have to rely on shopping online and trust what I am buying is the correct product , because I ca n't just drive to the store to look at it . Was very disappointed and was not able to complete my projects , because I did n't have my glue to use .
 Glue sticks said to be regular were in fact mini . Spent good money on a product that was useless to me .
 I chose Panasonic because of its great reputation for quality products . This product is not what I expected . It lacks many features , such as lighted keypad , mute button and a clip for when you want to use your headset . My first set of phones , same model , broke after 2 months . I do not recommend this model . I gave it two stars because you can make and receive calls .
 I was so excited to get this but was disappointed to find that it did n't have magnets . I 'm giving it a rating of `` 1 '' because I ca n't use it this way and now I need to go through the steps to return it . It might be a great product if it had magnets -LRB- which is why I purchased it -RRB- .
 Had a similar product that disappeared and purchased this as a replacement . Looks good , solidly made , etc. . But unfortunately , does not cut the tape . I do n't want to rant too much because maybe this one is defective -LRB- I might contact 3M -RRB- . To tear the tape you have to press down hard on the package so the plastic fin flexes and the cutting blade protrudes . But , the blade is too short to stick out past the metal frame . Strange .
 Dispenser difficult to adjust properly . Contained no instructions about how to properly adjust . Tape very thick , not really appropriate for use as tape for sealing boxes to ship . Cutter does n't work properly even after numerous attempts to properly adjust . Perhaps this is the wrong product to tape boxes shut . Did not fit our needs at all .
 I paid extra for gift wrapping and I got a sloppy job . This is from Amazon themselves . Amazon should live up to the standard they set for it 's Marketplace sellers .
 The ad and description for this phone promises full-duplex operation , but the phone does not deliver fully-duplex operation . It does not allow two way simultaneous transmission of conversation . Thus , important phrases and sentences can be cut off when conversations overlap . The whole reason I bought the phone was for the FD operation . Now I 'm stuck with a phone that does n't deliver on its promises .
 I bought this one -LRB- KX-TG5576 -RRB- to replace my old panasonic cordless phones -LRB- 6 years -RRB- , because the handset was broken into pieces . Since I had so much good experience with the company ; I decided to get another one from panasonic . At the beginning , I loved this phone , it had all the features I needed and I could personalize the ringing tones and the displays . But right after the warranty period had run out , the handset died -LRB- handset lost link to base and speaker phone on the handset died -RRB- . I did n't bother to fix it , so I got another model -LRB- KX-TG5571 -RRB- ; one year later , the handset died again with the same problem . Then I bought another one from Panasonic , which died again now with the same problem . So it seemed that Panasonic has intentionally designed their products this way , so that they can continuously earn profit from their customers.If you want to get a phone for extended life , do n't buy Panasonic ; unless you just want to enjoy the cool features .
 It looked flashy and well-conceived on the web shopping sites that featured it ; however , after setting up Panasonic 's KX-TG5576M , I 'm underwhelmed ... First of all , even in this day and age , it 's not Mac-compatible -LRB- though the Pansonic Call Center Representative had assured me , after checking with her Superior , that it indeed was . -RRB- So , I can not comment on downloading ringtones , wallpapers , etc. -LRB- Meanwhile , these mobile phone-like features were the main reason I wanted this particular cordless phone -RRB- . Secondly , the built in digital message recorder is of the lowest quality . I was looking for an alternative to the monthly charge for voice mail through the phone company . This is n't it . If you prefer to record your own message in lieu of the generic built-in message options , your Callers will here something sounding like a worn-out Edison recording . It struck me as odd that with the included audio cable , you can connect the handset to an audio device with a headphone jack , to record custom ring tones , with good quality results . Yet , to record a message for the digital answering machine , you need to speak into the dinky little microphone hole on the base unit , with the aforementioned low sound quality.Finally , the battery life of the handset is rather short . This is despite the -LRB- too -RRB- low backlighting on the handset keypad . Oh , why no backlighting on the base unit ?
 There are a lot of positive reviews for this product , which greatly influenced my purchase.However
 After setting up the printer -LRB- which is very simple -RRB- , it was put to work . It worked fine in scanning , copying , and printing . Then 48 hours went by ... it no longer wanted to work for printing . Hmmm , that 's not good.Pros
 I had owned the printer for about three months , start giving a cartridge error message . I did all the recommended troubleshooting , replaced seldom used , over half full cartidges and worked again for a couple of weeks or so . Now the problem is back . I refuse to spend more money on cartridges . I will never buy an inkjet printer again . Spend $ 200 on the hardware $ 1000 on cartridges . On searching through the web for solutions , I found this is a very common issue with this model . I would advise against it .
 I 've had this printer for about 2 years , and just about every month there is a new problem that has to be solved with it . Some of the problems that I have had with this product consists of the new software updates that arrive at least once a week , which I find leaves my machine malfunctioning . Also , the scanner was working fine , but then it stopped working . After repairing the scanner , it stopped working again 3 months later . Today , the ink Cartridge gave me an error message , and it was half filled with ink . I had a live chat session with an HP representative who had me trouble shoot a few things , but he was unable to solve the problem as well . The HP representative concluded that my printer or the ink cartridge was faulty . So after spending $ 40.00 on new ink and tossing out my other ink cartridges it started to work again.To make a long story short , avoid this printer if you can . It 's faulty and is not build to last . If you do n't have time to waste on constantly repairing this machine than skip it for a better one . I should note also , that when this printer is working , it 's great , but it rarely works correctly .
 My first issue with this printer is that you can not print business cards on it . It refuses to recognize the borders , goes `` borderless '' and thus you have messed up paper stock that is not exactly cheap.It claims you can use 57 color ink cartridge , but you ca n't , you have to buy the 22 , which has less ink.If you are out of color ink , it will not let you print B & W.I 've had it just over a year and now that it is out of warranty it keeps giving a power error message that HP tech support was Useless in helping me with . BTW , do n't expect anyone from an English speaking country to `` help '' you , HP tech support is in India.LAST HP product I will EVER buy .
 I purchased this printer approximately 2 years ago . No , it does n't mean it lasted that long . After less than a year the cartridges were giving me errors and finally it stopped working . I purchased new -LRB- not reconditioned -RRB- ink cartridges thinking that the cartridges were bad . These did n't work either . I liked the printer because of the multi-function operation and it printed decently.I purchased the same machine again and gave my old one away . It has been less than a year now and the 2nd one started giving me ink cartridge errors . I tried new OEM cartridges again and errors still occurred . This machine must have an inferior cartridge carrier that moves back and forth in the machine . The cartridges are expensive . There are two cartridges - one black and one color.I stopped using inkjets because of the speed and the unreliability . I purchased a laser printer . The ink cartridges are large and do not move . I can print black and white only but it 's worth it without the hassle of buying a new printer each year ! I still have the multi-function capability with my new laser . My toner cartridges are half the price with my laser and I can print 2,600 copies with it . If you really need color I would seriously investigate other quality printers .
 The driver for this printer is 163 , yes , 163mb . See their web site . Driver for the Canon Pixma is 10.3 mb .
 HP 's software insists on installing itself all over your system without giving the user any options whatsoever . Once you 're installed , doing anything other than the `` idiot proof '' basics requires tripping through redundant , confusing , ineffective menus to do things as simple as changing scanning bit depth or the save location for files .
 It is a fine machine unless you have Windows Vista as we do ! There is an insert with instructions and a special CD to use however we still ca n't get the FAX to work . With scanning if you have Vista you have to go into the Paint program to scan which is bizarre ! If you use Vista , I would avoid this product and get one that is compatible !
 A $ 100 printer ca n't be used right out of the box ... . there 's no USB cable included . A note on the installation page states `` USB cable purchased separately '' . You get it home or have it delivered and then have to go out and buy an insignificant part ? If HP were selling cars , would they not include a battery or something else essential ? This is a no brainer ! I 've had many years of good use from an HP LaserJet 6L . Is this Officejet 5610 from a `` new '' HP ? Amazon should not allow a sale of this item to be completed without a warning that the USB cable is not included . So , I 'm off to a bad start and I 've not even printed one page !
 What a piece of Crap !! We used this unit only periodically , so I had changed the cartridges only once before this unit crapped out . Some sort of ' 0x ' error message on the unit 's front panel . HP has all sorts of reset codes & procedures to try to reboot the firmware , but it did n't matter.In dealing with HPs ' customer service and eventually being assigned to case managers , they pretty much told me I was crap-out-of-luck . Guy was kinda rude to me too , but that 's another story .
 The new software for the Vista operating system is a real headache . The all in one uninstalles randomly and the patch they came up with wo n't work .
 Purchased this printer May , 2007 . Vista driver was n't available until 11/2 mos later so I used it on my XP machine until then . Setup was easy except in the attempt to dummy-proof the installaiton wizard , you have no idea how to tell it not to answer calls coming into the fax line . After installation , even though I set the default printing preference to `` fast draft '' , it would randomly print in normal mode . Ink cartridges are tiny . So , they do n't last very long . After the Vista driver was available , I connected it to my Vista machine . Print speed was terrible . It takes 2-4 minutes to print 1 page . Sometimes , the print dialogue would just hang for a minute or so . HP support had no plans in place to fix the driver . I returned the printer .
 I have contacted Tech.Support at least 15 times -- have a case No . but nobody appears to know what is wrong-test faxes have been sent by me and returned without a problem , but OUTSIDE faxes I can not receive -- EXCEPT on an eccentric basis -- usually only in the evening , after 6:00 PM , but then not always -- can verify because I have a duplicate e-mail sent each time so I can check -- these faxes are essential to my financial business and I 'm losing money because I do n't get them . Have `` distinctive ring '' feature in desperation but even THAT does n't work -- calls keep going over to my land line phone instead of being picked up by machine.Have tried to get supervisor and demand a NEW machine to replace this one -- but nobody ever calls back . The mostly heavy Indian accent does n't help either !! I 'm desperate , but do n't seem to get any help at all .
 This is the WORST , WORST , WORST PRINTER EVER - SHAME , SHAME , SHAME ON HP ! THIS PRINTER HAS NEVER FUNCTIONED PROPERLY . Scanner and Fax HAVE NEVER worked properly ... print Qeue freezes up - will not print nor will it let you delete the document ... the only way to `` unfreeze '' the print queue is to shut down computer and disconnect the printer several times . The original installation CD was Corrputed - they refused to send me a new one ... tried downloading drivers numerous times ... to no avail . . spent hours & hours , nothing worked - finally gave up and just used the printer functions ... after 2 full days with online tech support , one decent HP tech -LRB- the 4th or 5th tech I worked with -RRB- FINALLY ADMITTED that the problem was that I had BOTH an HP Camera and HP Printer , and their OWN software WAS NOT COMPATIBLE !!! I was told I could NOT USE both on the same computer - to `` get rid '' of either the HP camera or the HP printer , as their own software for both was NOT COMPATIBLE . This after a year of hell.They finally agreed to send me a new installation CD after a total of 20 hours online of trying to fix the problem ... that was 3 months ago ... no CD was sent ... -LRB- my warranty had run out because I did n't open the box and begin using the printer right away until my former Lexmark printer ran out of ink -RRB- ... what a mistake ... hired my own computer tech try to fix the problem ... he was unable to fix it properly ... I have purchased HP printers and computers for 20 years ... NEVER NEVER AGAIN . THESE PEOPLE ARE CROOKS ! TO HAVE AN HP CAMERA AND HP PRINTER THAT ARE NOT COMPATIBLE ON THE SAME COMPUTER IS INSANE ... THEY SHOULD RECALL THESE PRODUCTS AND REPLACE !!!!
 The machine performed OK for about 6 months and since then , it constantly and randomly displays `` cartridge error '' messages . I 'm using OEM cartridges , too.I 've reset -LRB- using # + 3 -RRB- , cleaned cartridge heads , etc. , and usually after a while it will start working again . But what a pain to do this every time . The included software for scanning is also awful , with a non-intuitive user interface.I have a Brother B&W ; laser that I 've been using for many months , and it just works . I 'm hoping to find a all-in-one that is just as reliable . It likely wo n't be an HP .
 Before I bought this printer I researched for months , trying to get the best deal of an All-in-One printer . One reason is so I can get cheap ink with a good amount that will last a while . First problem is that even if you buy 58 hp photo ink it wo n't print color unless you buy 22 hp color in cartridge . 22 does not have as much ink in the cartridge and is almost $ 20 for only 5 ml of ink ! I decided to play it safe and buy the 1 year protection thing . The gadget was working fine until one day my computer claimed there was not a scanner connected . I thought perhaps I needed to install the software again . Then I put new ink in and it needs to scan the alignment page to align everything . The scanner will not work at all and I have no idea why . I 've had this printer for not even 2 years and it wo n't scan anymore . Now , I 'm starting my new printer search and not sure to look for separate machines or get another multifunctional one and risk the same problem happening again .
 HP Officejet 5610 All-in-One Printer/Fax/Scanner / Copier -LRB- Q7311A #ABA -RRB- The printer/scanner/copier / fax works well , but the ad clearly stated that it was compatible with Windows 95 , 98 , 98se , me , nt , 2000 , xp , and vista . It is not . When it arrived , it said on the box it was NOT compatible with 95 , 98 , 98se , me , or nt . Unfortunately , I chose it because I was running windows me . Since it was the second one I had bought -LRB- the first one at the recommendation of HP , which I had to return for the same reason -RRB- I decided to bite the bullet and upgrade to xp . So after an additional $ 100 , I finally got the thing to work . Sort of . It will not scan an image to the computer from paper while online . The fax hangs up when it feels like it . And it does n't hold much paper . But since it sort of works , -LRB- better than my computer now -RRB- I guess I will keep it . Shipping was fast , but DO NOT buy this if you do n't have at MINIMUM windows 2000 .
 I 've had this printer for a couple of years and it is constantly a problem . Software updates without asking then has missing features . Suggetions from HP to stop this do not work . I put in about 2 hours every month keeping this thing running , purging and reinstalling software . Constantly a problem . HP is little help simply asking me the do the same tasks over and over with their poor english speakers off shore . Buy something else -LRB- suggest non HP -RRB- .
 I 've had so many problems with this model . HP replaced it once because they were too stupid to diagnose that the power pack/cord was bad , I told them it was but they replaced the whole unit . Now the new one has paper jams all the time or wo n't load the paper at all . The unit has been a total dissapointment . I 've got an older HP all-in-one and it is full of sawdust from the shop and it has never failed !
 Had to return . We were replacing the model that was one step up . We use the printer with several laptops in the house and it has no ethernet connection to use with a home wireless setup .
 I thought I had purchased a good printer with the 5610 . It installed easily and the software is quite good . It worked great ... for 20 days.Wed. , 4-2-08 , I went to print a doc and the device went through all the motions but placed no ink on the page . Tried a few times with the same result
 Ordered this 5610 hoping that because HP labeled it , it would work . Well , no such luck . In 20 years of computing I have had more trouble with printers than any computer . Including HP , Okidata , Canon , Epson , you name em . This particular one sounded to good to be true and it was . It printed , scanned and copied fine , even received a FAX ok , would not transmit one to save your life . Before sending back first one , had phone Co tech check dedicated FAX line , no problem . So , orded a second , as I read on-line that something called the LUL module had been acting up in these models . Second one arrived and exact same problem . So back it goes too . Can not recommend . If you get one that works consider yourself lucky .
 I was looking at purchasing an HP printer because it 's `` what I 've always done '' . However , the last 2 HP laptops I purchased were bad experiences ... maybe user , maybe not . Please bear with me since this is not a printer tale so much as an HP tale . The first HP laptop was refurbished and started encountering problems from the start . When the 2nd started out much the same and was brand new , I went round and round with tech support . First with HP , then Kodak and Microsoft . The recurring theme was ` this is a known compatibility issue with HP ' . I immediately traded the laptop for a Sony Vaio and have never looked back . I was considering buying an HP printer because of familiarity and they seem to easily match up with other brands . The previous review has changed my mind . I will look at Canon or something else to be safer from repeated bad experiences . Thank you .
 I ordered the HP Officejet 5610 all-in-one printer . What I recieved was an HP Officejet 5750 . Not what I ordered . Need I say more ?
 Negative Stars ! I previously rated this item on the HP website and my rating was posted ; now it 's not there anymore . That 's strange . It 's also strange that the bad ratings on HP have a lot of stars . On this site it 's different ! HP service is a joke . 10 years ago I bought a cheaper style `` office jet '' and it was able to hook up to my wireless network . Do n't let the looks fool you ! Their customer service told me I had to pay roughly an extra $ 60 for forty minutes of service to hook it to the network ! They said that since I only paid $ 100 for the printer -LRB- made in china -RRB- they could n't give me the better service ! They said if I would have spent $ 200 on a printer then they could give me the so called `` better '' service and hook it up to the network ! I 'm sorry but I paid less then $ 70 for a Linksys router . I 've received endless service for the past 5 years and they even told me once to put the phone down and go eat a sandwich ! They were willing to sit there all day to provide good service ! What 's wrong with this picture ? Why does HP charge more and not deliver customer service in the computer business ? I did n't see anything on the box that said you could not hook the printer up to a network . HP makes nearly everything for computers . So how can Lynksis offer endless service , be a smaller company , cost less then the HP item , and deliver 10 times the amount of service ? Stay away for HP ! Their service does not treat you equal if you ca n't afford the big bucks ! That 's not right ! People deserve the same service without regard to monetary circumstances . Service should be about the principal of helping people , not spending money!The cartridges rob you . HP has a detection system that detects refilled cartridges and refuses to show the ink levels through the software . What are they trying to hide ? Even with the more expensive printer , I 've seen people get burned on them also . The drivers in this and other HP Products of mine consistently fail and the software is unsurprisingly dysfunctional . My computer took many problems such as not hibernating , not burning cd 's , not allowing me to use the key board , and start/shut down problems because of the software.Do not become hypnotized by `` sales information '' from HP or any other sales people . Read the negative comments and write accurately about your experiences . With many of people who have problems it should tell you which products have less or more problems !
 My father asked for a fax machine for his 59th birthday . I got him the all in one . I should have just gotten him a fax machine . He said it was too complicated and he still has n't gotten it to work yet . I wish I could help him but he in in North Carolina and I am in California . The hotline was not helpful . His birthday gift was a bummer . I wish I could return it and just buy him a fax machine.Simplicity is best .
 Following the installation instructions to the letter , when I got to the step of plugging in the USB cable , it tripped that electrical circuit -LRB- i.e. , the lights on that circuit went out -RRB- . After I reset the circuit breaker , the machine would n't turn on . Called HP tech support -LRB- got India -RRB- , the woman decided I needed a replacement unit -- which , I was told , would be a refurbished machine rather than new , but she said that was the only option . I insisted they send me a replacement power adapter also , since there was no way to know whether the problem was with the machine or the power adapter.Got the replacement machine and power adapter . First tried the replacement power adapter with the original machine , and the same thing happened -- plugging in the USB cable tripped the circuit . Reset the circuit breaker , then tried the replacement power adapter with the replacement machine -- this time I got a a loud POP and a shower of sparks when plugging in the USB cable ! Both the cable and the USB socket on the back of the machine burned out.Called HP tech support again , and this time the rep claimed I must have a short in my computer 's USB port -- except while I was on the phone with him , I took a spare USB cable and plugged it into my old printer -LRB- an Epson -RRB- -- no problem.So , I told HP I wanted to return both machines and get my money back -LRB- it was too late to get a refund from Amazon -RRB- . They consented . Supposedly I 'll get my refund in about 10 days.Meanwhile , I ordered an Epson all-in-one -LRB- the CX5800F -RRB- for a few dollars less , -LRB- ... -RRB- , and it uses individual ink tanks , which I much prefer . Installation was perfect , no tripped circuits , no sparks , and the machine works like a charm . No more HP for me !!
 What a great bargain for an all-in-one printer . The first one we bought last year and within 60 days the carriage was jamming for no apparent reason , tried troubleshooting and tech support but we had to fight nail and tooth just to get an exchange . Finally able to exchange the printer for identical model and all is well for about 9 months . Suddenly the carriage was jamming and tearing the paper . Tried online troubleshooting , tried everything under the sun to fix the problem then tried HP . Called HP tech support and they tell me that there is a 90 day warranty and it has expired that I need to pay $ 35 over the phone to talk to tech support -LRB- which provide the same info . as online troubleshooting -RRB- . So I ask HP where I can have the printer serviced or repaired and I am told that they have no information about that . So I ask HP for their mailing address to send my version of a hate letter to the head of their company , and I am told they have no mailing address and the guy on the other end of the phone repeats the HP website address . UNREAL - I am surprised that HP is not concerned about the consumer 's problems with their products . Obviously this thing is defective -LRB- we had two of them with the same exact problems -RRB- . No wonder this printer is now on clearance at my local Staples store for $ 60 . I do not recommend this product and I caution buying HP products because the company is not very helpful when their products fail to perform .
 I bought this to replace our HP psc 1200 which had given good service for many years . Our previous all-in-one always worked on any computer we installed the software in.The 5610 installs a huge software package . It screwed up the Fuji camera software I 'd been using.The HP software I had for my last printer could be interupted at any time ; I 'd pull the paper supply out , then cancel whatever I did n't want in the print queue.The software for the 5610 has a very hard time cancelling a document ; at the least it insists on wasting an extra sheet of paper . Worse , I now have a document that ca n't be cancelled at all and it 's got the computer completely frozen up.The paper feed is messed up and ruins documents especially when you 're using HP 's most expensive photo paper and ink.The photo printing quality is not great unless you use the very highest settings and then it is extremely slow -LRB- think 30 minutes per picture -RRB- and most likely to ruin your pictures by misfeeding or software glitches.This HP is garbage . Try a different brand .
 I ordered this HP 5610 because it specifically states under the Product Description that it is compatible with Windows 98 and Windows 98 SE . I did receive the product 2 days after I ordered it , however , upon attempting to load the software I received an error message stating that it does not support Windows 98 . -LRB- The Product Description also mentioned other operarting systems that are not supported -RRB- Needless to say , I am now returning the printer back to Amazon.com .
 Especially if you are a Mac user ! Many problems as seen in the other reviews , lines showing up on the page , color issues , but the problems with the machine on a Mac are too many to list . HP Customer Support claims there is no problem , even though a four-page support document on their website offers -LRB- ineffective -RRB- steps to fix the problems.Avoid ! Spend your money elsewhere !
 This package does not cotain an USB port . HP guys should know how I felt when I realized that I can not use my brand new printer as soon as I 've got it .
 This is the second HP OfficeJet printer I have purchased and both have done the same thing - the printer cartridge jams after only printing one page and you must reset it to continue printing - for it to only happen again and again.I returned the previous model for the same reason . That only took 2 months to malfunction . Thinking HP is a really good brand and I had bad luck - I thought to get a better model.I 'll be looking for a different all in one machine in the near future .
 The unit detects the expiry date of the cartridge and if the cartridge has expired , then it will display error
 I purchased this printer in 2005 and have continually had small problems with it . The SCANNER software runs from a temporary file so each time I clean out the TRASH in my system , I have to reinstall the SCANNER software . The PRINTER itself works well . The SCANNER went out again ! This time I think it might be mechanically DEAD . I 'll call HEWLWETT PACKARD tomorrow and if it ca n't be resalvaged . If they ask me to send it back , I 'm going to look into getting an EPSON . Most of my neighbors have EPSONS and have nothing but good things to say about them .
 This HP only lasted a year for me . First the fax went out and the error message was no help in identifying the problem . As of yesterday , the machine would n't print at all . It was a handy machine otherwise , but too unreliable . Short-term investment , for sure .
 I have owned this printer for quite some time and had no problems printing or copying until - I needed to scan some documents.The documentation on setting it up is useless . The printer itself and my computer simply do not recognize that scanning is available.After reading many bulletin board entries , uninstalling -LRB- beware add/remove does NOT uninstall the programs , including Image Zone , which is like a house guest that refuses to leave -RRB- and reinstalling both from the original disk , another installation disk I ordered from HP -LRB- thinking that my original disk had a problem -RRB- and the HP website , I contacted HP 's chat help line.Oh what a nightmare . He told me to install windows installer patches , . NET updates , cleanup utility , etc. . Reinstall . Still no scan for documents , only images through the wizard.Having invested many hours into this by now , I simply could not give up and initiated a second tech chat session . After 45 minutes we nailed it to a corrupt file . Uninstalled , reinstalled , NO SCAN function.I am frustrated that this is so difficult to fix , that the HP installation programs do n't work . There are no uninstall programs.I will be putting a Brother All-in-one into my shopping cart next .
 I was excited to buy this all-in-one printer after I read the reviews of this product . Well , needless to say , after many hours on the phone with HP 's customer support , we could not get it to receive faxes . If you have a digital answering machine and distinctive rings on your phone , do n't bother buying this machine . IT WILL NOT WORK ! Also , the scanner portion does n't do as good a job as my old HP stand-alone scanner that 's 10 yrs . old . Too bad HP could n't come up with a fix for the faxing part . I ended up returning this machine . HP told me to buy the Model # 7410 for $ 450 if I wanted to receive faxes . What 's up with that ?
 Needed a replacement printer that was Vista ready . After assurance from Office Max salesperson that it was Vista ready , got it home and found out it was not . The smart thing would have been to box it up and bring it back . But no , I called HP customer support in spite of that fact that they have an abismal record in helping me with my PC issues . They did not have a vista patch yet -LRB- What were they waiting for ? -RRB- so tech support talked me through work around using Word Paint for the scanner function . The carriage jams each and every time I use it . I must open and shut the toner door to remedy the jam . Now it is out of alignment and the self adjust feature does not correct it . It is less than 6 months old . The only fix is to replace it , which I am in the process of doing.Revision
 If you want to see how many ink cartridges you can buy in the shortest amount of time this is the printer for you . I use my printer at home with minimal printing and yet have had to buy new color cartrdiges within a week and 1/2 of replacing the first .
 I got my printer and tried to set it up . Did n't work , right out of the box . And HP online tech help was no help -- they directed me to a pdf of the page in the manual I was already looking at . Do n't bother with this product .
 BEWARE . This printer has one MAJOR design flaw
 The product description for this printer should have read `` You are purchasing this printer ` as is ' -- all sales are final . In the event of failure , HP will do absolutely nothing -- so do n't bother . '' We purchased this printer brand new in December . The printer stopped working in April -LRB- 4 months later -RRB- . We called HP tech support and here 's a recap of the horror story : * HP claimed it was the power cord * They sent two replacement power cords -LRB- neither fixed the problem -RRB- * Called HP tech support again * They sent us a broken , refurbished printer * Called HP tech support again * The technician said `` this happens a lot '' and offered to send another refurbished printer * We said `` no '' and asked to speak with the techie 's supervisor * Got a call back next day . We told the Supervisor that we wanted this resolved after 6 calls , one week of down time , multiple shipments of wrong or broken products , etc. . We told the supervisor that we would post a review on Amazon if this was n't resolved satisfactorily -LRB- please send a new replacement printer -RRB- . He said `` look at our Amazon sales volume -- that wo n't hurt us . `` HP 's warranty and technical support is non-existent . If you 're lucky enough to get a technician on the line , you will have a great deal of difficulty communicating with the individual . They especially have problems with serial numbers , phone numbers , and e-mail addresses -LRB- they like to drop digits and letters -RRB- . We had to repeat these data points 5 or 6 times EACH phone call -- very frustrating . Also , when the calls did n't go well , we asked to speak with the techie 's supervisor . Most of the time they said `` I do n't have a supervisor . '' One of the techie 's had a sense of humor -- he gave us the phone number for the president of HP.I 've been a loyal -LRB- and critical -RRB- Canon customer in multiple product lines . I thought I should try an HP printer -- it was a horrible mistake . The Canon PIXMA MP530 is a top-quality , supported printer with amazing performance . Do n't look at the Amazon sales volume -- read the Amazon reviews . We 're not the only ones that have had problems with HP of late.The HP 5610 does have one useful feature -- it works great as a door stop .
 ... I am seeing all of these glowing reviews but I had a bad experience like several of the lesser reviews here.Bought the unit , brought it home , installed everything in a snap -LRB- software , etc. , Windows XP -RRB- . The problem was that the printer would n't eject cyan ink so all pictures came out red/yellow . Called tech support , tried to explain that no blue ink was coming out of the print head on the cartridge , but i still had to go through myriad steps because they just would n't believe the cartridge was bad , and the tech was n't authorized to send a replacement cartridge . She `` escalated '' my problem -LRB- after about an hour on the phone with her -RRB- and told me a `` case manager '' would call me in 24-48 hours -LRB- yeah , my boss would accept that excuse for my late project -RRB- . Of course , that was Monday , today is Wednesday , and still no call from HP . I bought a new cartridge myself , printed 12 color 8.5 x 11 '' pages , and the ink indicator tells me I am already low on color ink !!!!! So , that 's $ 18 for 12 pages ... do the math . At this point , I am guess the problem COULD have been the printer , but not sure that it was n't the cartridge . In any event , spent many hours trying to get this thing to work and failed despite my best efforts . Others are raving about this machine , so perhaps I just got a bad one . But I wonder how many people have printed 12 or so full-color pages , only to find out another cartridge was already needed at that point . With the cost of HP ink cartridges being what they are , definitely consider this issue when looking at this machine . Incidentally , my last HP printer/fax worked great for 4 years , which is why I decided to go with them again . Thinking of Cannon now , or at least any printer with separate ink tanks for economy as I do a lot of full-color printing.UPDATE
 i had an office jet t45-all in one which lasted about 6 years and was starting to run down.hp suggested upgrade to 5610 . installation was relatively easy . however i was having trouble faxing from computer & scanning . tech service -LRB- india -RRB- tried to help however could n't solve the problem . they promised to replace unit and they did with a remanufactured unit which also had the same problem . i spoke to a manager after i wasted over two hours with tech trying to solve problem.i told manager i wanted a brand new unit.he stated because i had 2 defective units he would ship a brand new unit which would arrive in a few days.it 's almost two weeks and nothing . i called hp was connected to bombay india - i told them the manager was in the u.s. and i wanted to speak to him only.they were going to get back to me.two days have passed - nothing - i called amazon from whom i ordered unit.told them my tale of woe and they gave me a full credit and will ship unit to hp free of charge . amazon -LRB- excellent -RRB- hp -LRB- terrible -RRB-
 This printer is ok if you just need to do basic printing.I bought it from best buy 2 months ago to print cd labels and other labels.the printer can not line up the labels correctly.There is also something weird about having to put the labels in face down . I used the fax machine feature and it worked ok . I also printed out some web pages and that was ok . the quality of the printing is fine it 's just that you ca n't do any precision work.I would not buy this printer and in fact i am trying to figure out how to get rid of mine without losing to much money . then again i guess i can always just use it as a fax machine .
 This is an absolutely terrible device . I am furious with myself , because I bought it solely based on the HP name -LRB- pre-scandal -RRB- without researching it first . Never again . I am finished with HP . This entire machine is designed to force you to buy expensive ink , and to force you to add lame software onto your computer . Not literally malware , but pretty close.If you buy this machine , you will curse yourself someday . Go find a different brand -- HP is exploiting its name to abuse its -LRB- now former -RRB- customers .
 Excellent copies and photographs . Clear , clean copies . Quick . However , unit kept saying it had a paper jam , and proceded to clank and clatter . Merely lift the lid and the clanking and clatter stopped . The imaginary paper jam was cleared . We gave this unit away and purchased another HP printer .
 Worked great for the first year and a half . Now the cartridge jams after every printed page . I have replaced the ink cartridges , but the problem persists . Very annoying problem .
 Bought in December 2005 . Great performance until last week -LRB- May 2007 -RRB- . Scanner suddenly started making lines . No fix available . Ended up costing me only about $ 9 per month , but I had higher expectations .
 i love this item , but the first one i bought did not work , so i sent it back and in 2 days i got the same product that works great . thank you . i love the fact that i can print , copy , scan and fax all in one . thank you so much , dave
 Unable to get Officejet to advance beyond stage one of setup phase . Called Tech Support . Spent one hour with a rep on the phone as well as one hour with another rep online . The Officejet came in an inoperable state . Very disappointing ! Has to repackage and return . What a nuisance . Went to local electronics store and bought a cheaper printer other than HP . Much better quality , ease of use , and price .
 I was never able to use this multifunction because of a defect in HP 's installation software . The defect could not be resolved by HP after many support sessions . I returned the unit to Amazon for a refund . I would caution others against purchasing this unit
 I ca n't tell you how many hours I have spent trying to install the software . I have tried every suggestion I can find online . Installation fails but the printer function works . At least print quality is decent . Scan function wo n't work because of screwed up installation . Tried download from HP , same problems . I ca n't believe it 's this difficult . Wo n't buy an HP next time around , which may be soon if I throw this thing out the window .
 Inserted the print cartridge into wrong slot . Could not remove it . Had to send product back . Had to purchase 3 year warranty . A good deal turned into a I paid too much for this . Should have stuck with Lexmark
 Do not buy this printer for any point of sale activity . It prints very slowly even on the draft setting . The machine also eats toner ink quite fast . Outside of that I guess it is alright .
 What 's a point not including USB cable along with 5610 Printer kit ? Strange and surprising !!! No logic and sounds bad tactics ... Why are you stopping users to use this product in one shot . I am HP customer from a long , I have n't face this kind of issue in past .
 I tried for 3 hours to get this thing working . It took 3 installs and uninstalls to get to where it would even finsih installing . Then when it finally did the software said it could not communicate with the scanner . Microsoft software could see and controll the scanner . The web site support said uninstall and install the software . No thanks not another 3 hours.Find an different one this one is no good at least on my computer . A vaio desktop with XP SP2 .
 Horrible experience . The printer does not work and yes , all the cardboard has been removed . I tried returing the merchandise , but was met with resistance . I was told that HP had to be brought into the return . Good luck getting in touch with them ! The printer sits here , back in its orginal box . I have learned a lesson . I will never purchase an electronic via email ever again .
 This printer/fax/copier worked just great for about a year-and-a-half . In fact my original review was very positive . But then the thing just died without warning ... 6 months after the warranty expired coincidentally enough . The only help I got from tech support was an offer to sell me something else - which I bought because I was in a bind - the 6310 model and it has lasted longer but never printed a colored page properly a day in its life and at almost two years old has not aged well . There was a time when HP was the best of the best for products like this , but I think those days are over . How sad !
 I 've appreciated my HP printers in the past , but this modelHP Officejet 5610 All-in-One Printer/Fax/Scanner / Copier -LRB- Q7311A #ABA -RRB- seems wonky and breaks down at a pin drop . I 've had three in the past 2 years , each returned for major problems , and now the bulb has gone out on the third . No more for me , thanks .
 Like others have mentioned , it does well in all categories ... then the paper jams start and you are out looking for another printer . I had it since 2/06 and it went out 4/07 and have only gone thru one cycle of cartridges .
 This printer has been a problem since day one . It kept uninstalling itself , and needed to be reinstalled about once a week . Not a huge process to do , but still a hassle when you need to print in a hurry and must stop to re-install . I learned later that the driver that came with the printer was not compatible with Microsoft Vista operating system . Tech support had me download an updated driver and install it , but that did n't fix the problem . Ultimately , someone in tech support who really understood the problem had me change a system setting which corrected the problem , but then the printer would no longer scan . I 'm still working on fixing that . But all in all , it 's just not worth all this time to get the printer to do what it is supposed to do .
 I 've had this machine for about six months and find it very difficult to load the paper , plus it jams on a regular basis . Another annoyance is that you must remove the output tray to load the input tray . Even if you just want to insert one sheet of paper to say for instance print on the back of it you have to take out the output tray and then it takes too much time trying to insert that one sheet just right . Most of all I hate that I can not for all the world cancel a print project . Bring up the printer software and try to cancel that print job and it simply will not go away . Even after turning off the printer and the computer the next day when I turn them back on that sucker will go right ahead printing and wasting ink on the unwanted print job . For once I 'm glad these things never last more than a few years because I wo n't be sorry to see this one die . I dread having to print anything because of the fact that only one in three jobs go well . The more I use it the more I hate it .
 A few months after we bought it it kept getting the `` paper jam '' error . Hp sent another refurbished printer . With a 90 day warranty . THe printer stopped working a few days after the warranty ran out . It would n't pull paper in at all . DO N'T BUY IT , HORRIBLE QUALITY !!!!!
 I have had this 4in1 for a week now and have spent over 16 hours on line with HP and still ca n't get everything to work . If you are wondering why the operating program is so large for a printer , it is because of all the spyware / help loaded . I am not alone , go to the HP site and read some of those reviews .
 My 5610 is used in an office environment that sees about 2 faxes a week and it is used to send about 1 fax a week . After 3 months of this very light load , the unit no longer feeds off the top tray without complaining of a paper jam . So we started to revert to using the flatbed for scanning outbound faxes . About a month later the unit has started complaining that is has the wrong paper size loaded , no amount of panel configuration or resetting the device seems to be able to change its mind . As a result it will not print anything.The frustration is not worth it , no matter how `` cheap '' the unit is .8 / 2009Just an update on my review . I did eventually contacted HP and they shipped me a new unit . The replacement has been operating for 2 years -LRB- only used for sending faxes -RRB- without a problem .
 Bought the 5610 and it still wont work . Now I see them everywhere discounted with a REFURBISHED sign on them . Why ? Because there drivers and software and hardware are junk . This is a 6 mo. printer then throw it out if it works at all . So far mine keeps saying no connection and have bought 3 different usb cables for it . Terrible product . Save your money . Do some research and buy something that works .
 The HP 5610 is a more than capable multifunction machine that performs everything with ease . Printing , even color pictures on good paper , faxing and copying all work just fine.My issue is with the shortsighted and one could criminal decision by HP to force consumers to purchase the smaller # 22 color cartridge rather than the larger -LRB- in terms of amount of ink -RRB- # 57 cartridge . Your costs for printing in color will be much larger than you expect . Avoid this product until HP treats customers with some respect .
 What a nightmare . I 'm going to declare it a national holiday when I return this item.Do a Google search online before you buy this item . You will see endless calls for help over missing drivers , challenges with installing software using XP , etc. . I have considerable computer experience . Yet after I bought this All-in-One unit last weekend I spent 14 hours on the phone w/HP tech support and endless hours trying fixes of my own . They all gave me a different story . Then turned me over to the laptop division of HP saying it must be a problem w/my laptop . The laptop division , SURPRISE , sent me back to the printer division . I 've tried all the ` fixes ' , ordered a new installation disk , reintalled software many times , new USB cable . Nadda . Still junk . Save yourself the frustration . I am keeping my old ` print only ' printer . It 's plug and play . If you have Windows XP Professional , this unit will NOT necessarily be ` Plug and Play . ' Time to go give my old reliable printer a hug . The software , by the way , is a complete memory hog and takes forever to install .
 I would love to be able to tell you about how great this printer is but after 5 -LRB- so far -RRB- attempted installs of the software to run the printer I am still online chatting with tech support in Malasia or wherever it is trying to get it to function properly . I initially had the printer functionality working , but now I ca n't even get the printer to work . The last set of instructions were so convoluted that I am sure most folks including myself will screw them up somewhere and will eventually have to reload their operating system because of the ineptitude of the HP tech support.If you can get the printer and software up and running you may have a great printer . Otherwise , buyer beware !
 I would not recommend this printer to anyone who has an IBM Thinkpad . I have 2 different Thinkpads one with Windows 2000 , the other with Windows XP . The HP software would not install on either - it hung on both machines . In fact it wouldnt uninstall what it paritally put on . I spent a lot of time with HP support , downloaded replacement installer but didnt fix the issue , so the printer was returned . I got a Lexmark instead .
 I purchased my HP Officejet 5610 on 2/28/2007 , and it took me a over a week -LRB- hours ! -RRB- before I was able in download the software and use it . I continued to receive an error message `` The copy function can not be used '' . The same thing happened with the HP printer I previously used at home . HP support was quick with providing responses but unfortunately the steps provided were not exactly what I had to do to successfully complete this task . My next personal printer will not be an HP !
 If you use Internet Explorer 7.0 - do NOT purchase this printer . HP has not caught up to this version of Internet Explorer . What a disaster and what a disppointment when I called HP for help . NO assistance - they offered me a patch , helped me install it and then said ` Call Dell ' when their patch crashed my access . After a system restore , courtesy of Dell I tried again . This time HP offered to send me another ` all in one ' , charging me only for the difference to get to the next-up model - but guess what - they admit the next best model wo n't work with IE 7 either . Their suggestion - reinstall IE 6.0 and my previous version of Microsoft Office . What a joke . I will not be puchasing any additional HP products . The laptop is going back , the camera and I 'm unloading this GEM of a printer they sold me on eBay . Let THAT buyer beware .
 This item came with a very complicated CD disk . I have had a computer since 1986 and have never seen a more complicated CD software . The instruction manuel is a complete waste of time to read , too !!!
 I have tried numerous times to install the software for the HP OfficeJet 5610xi . The installation appears to go smoothly but a request to restart the computer keeps reappearing , and after the computer restarts the cycle appears over and over ad infinitum . A search of the HP web support does not reveal a reason for this . And no I did not have the USB cable connected during the attempted install .
 CONS
 If you have ever had a function such as scanning quit working and the computer saying there is no scanner , prepare for a nightmare . Trying to uninstall and reinstall the software only gave the message `` A newer version is already installed '' , with no option to reinstall anyway . Trying other driver installation packages from the HP site also gave the same message . After ripping out hundreds of files and THOUSANDS of registry entries , one install package worked up to the point of saying certain files with gibberish names were not in `` Data1.cab '' . Neither HP 's online troubleshooting tools nor customer support were any use getting a solution . I have not finished trying all the online forums due to lack of time , so will have to do my scanning somewhere else.The HP Product Assistant long ago quit detecting the printer even though printouts would work from other software . My conclusion seeing how much trouble people have with HP software is that HP does not know how to write reliable and compact software for their products .
 I have stopped purchasing anything with the name H.P. ! They have really gone down hill . If I am buying printers it is going to be Epson or Canon or Toshiba . I only buy Toshiba brand products . But because I had seen this on sell , and I needed a all in one , I went ahead and got it.Not bad . It works great . No problems . Prints fine . Scans great . Copies and faxes are awesome . I recommend this printer and give it a 7 out of 10 . I had ran out of ink too soon as they only give the new printers little amount of ink . I wrote into H.P. that I thought that was pathetic and I wouldnt be buying from them again . They sent me a black full ink and a color full ink cartridge , almost a $ 60.00 value . Helps to sound off people , if everyone did perhaps they would stop cheating us.Everyone who buys this printer new , write into H.P. and inform them you will NEVER buy from them again due to the sample ink cartridge . Tell them you paid full price for the whole deal and the full cartridge is amoung the deal.Get your free ink!Kim catziyes
 BEWARE ! THIS THING IS THE INK GUZZLER OF ALL TIME ! Continuous `` Cartridge error '' messages before \ after ink cartridge replacements ! AAAAAAAAAAARGH ! A POS !
 this the 2 nd 5610 v / xi i have gotten thou they were used they both have failed only from the ink door censer even the door is closed it keep telling me that it is open other than that it has been a good unite called hp they tell me that it is a new issue if i known that this was gowning to happen i would have not got them hp sent me a link to buy a new one now that this one is no longer made but the door dos not happen all the time if they would make them like they did with the hp 2210v with the ink under the bed that one you had to lift the bed to replace the ink they would not have this issue
 Bought this printer several years ago . Performance was average for an ink jet printer . Construction quality was mediocre-minus . For no apparent reason , one day , I found I could n't seat a replacement ink cartridge in its receptacle . Some of the innards has shifted around and it would n't accept the cartridge . HP support was hilarious . The poor chap that took my call had to walk me through all sorts of inane questions starting with
 This is the absolute worst printer I have ever had . It 's complete garbage as many others have stated . This thing printed fine for a week , now and for the last year it wo n't print colors correct no matter how many cartridges I 've replaced nor what color profile I try . Print jobs constantly get stuck and the ink does n't last long . I wo n't be getting another ink jet from HP ever !
 Colors were not crisp , but my main complaint would be the noise that it makes , this is my first HP product and i dont think i would buy another one .
 I have had this printer for a month now , and I am going out to buy a better machine . This machine is cheap enough , about $ 100.00 The print quality is average at best , print speed is adequate , the scanner software is horrible , automatic document feeder is so very , very slow.If this is for the kids or a student at college , maybe it will do the trick.It was stupid of me to buy this ... maybe I can give it to my nephew.Update 11-2009I did as I mentioned last year and bought another printer and a scanner . I bought the Brother HL5240 laser printer and the Fujitsu S510 scanner . No comparison to this or any other all in one for under $ 500 . 3 months ago I added a Brother HL4040CN color laser printer for my occasional color printing needs . These 3 machines do it all very well and cheap.So this HP all in one was sitting in my basement until my niece went to college and I gave it to her . She likes it , has very little printing to do , maybe 25 pages a week - and never uses the scanner but does use the copier feature occasionally . For her it is great . I will buy her cartridges as needed which are expensive and short lived .
 I 'm very disappointed to see that the printer comes without a USB cable . There 's also no information about about what type of USB cable must be purchased . I ca n't use my printer until I figure this out .
 Works great out of the box . Easy to set up , easy to use . This printer eats through ink cartridges as if that 's what it were made to do . Hmmmmm.After a while , it just starts jamming up . I have to wrestle each page away from it 's deathly grip , wait for it to give me the error message , then it forces me to press the `` OK '' button to go on printing the next page . Is it ok ?? Where 's the `` just for once I 'd like to buy an HP product that lasts over 13 months '' button ?
 This printer has been an absolute nightmare . We wanted an all in one so we would n't have so many machines in our office . Well when you try to print something it stops halfway and you ca n't get it to finish printing without shutting down your pc and the printer and rebooting everything . This might work if you 're lucky . We 've called HP several times to no avail . They seem to have no idea what the problem is because they 've had us try all sorts of nonsence that does n't work . They were absolutely no help . I could get a realiable printer for the fraction of the cost and that 's what I intend to do . We 've stuck with this printer for so long because of the cost , but I just ca n't take it anymore .
 WELL ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT THE SERVICE FOR PURCHASING THIS PRODUCE STINKS , I HAVE NEVER RECEIVE THIS PRODUCT AND THIS HAPPENS TO BE THE 3RD TIME I TRIED TO BUY SUCH A PRODUCT . EACH TIME I TRIED TO BUY FROM A SELLER SOMETHING HAS HAPPENED AND EITHER THE PRODUCT WAS DAMAGED BEFORE SHIPPING OR IT WAS SHIPPED AND NEVER RECEIVED . I TRIED HAVING IT SHIPPED TO MY P.O. BOX AND MY PHYSICAL ADDRESS AND TO THIS DATE HAVE NEVER RECEIVED MY PURCHASE . TO THIS TELLS ME THAT THE SELLERS ARE NOT QUALIFIED IN SELLING THEIR PRODUCT . SO IN THIS REVIEW I WOULD GIVE IT A ZERO IN RATING AND I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING AGAIN FROM AMAZON WHO HAS A SELLER .
 I heartedly agree with so many of the negative comments posted here . Yes , this printer does have some good days . Copy feature is decent . The HP Image Zone software included does some really nice touch-up work to scanned documents . BUT -- The printer does not handle 4x6 photos at all . They slip causing a paper jam that creates a printer error that will NOT go away . Can not cancel print , can not clear , the error jams the entire printer and prevents printing any subsequent documents . Can not even DELETE the printer . Requires complete software reinstallation . I would never recommend this printer to anyone who has an interest in using the printer for photos . It is the pits .
 Right out of the box , it does n't work . Printer allignment fails - talked to HP support , but their instructions do n't work either . Tried following instructions in the manual , but the menus do n't seem to agree with what I see on the screen . I 'd like to send it back .
 This is the second HP all-in-one I 've had . I 've been happy with both of them , right up to the time the warranty runs out . About a week after it does , both of them quit working , with no hope of getting fixed . On this machine , the carriage jams every time I print a page . HP gives you a nice long instruction on how to clear the jam - easy enough , but it does it after EVERY PAGE , and cancels the print once it 's cleared . Therefore , I can never print more than one page at a time .
 I thought the actual print quality was very good , but that 's not why I bought this unit . I need to be able to scan directly to my word processing program and this machine can not do that . Despite what it says on the box about OCR capabilities , and ability to work with Mac OS X , it NO LONGER includes the OCR software with the machine . There is a READIRIS software registration form included in the packaging , but according to the HP Tech line they do n't offer it any longer . The software would cost an additional $ 129 online , or $ 129 plus tax/shipping etc. . I returned the machine .
 My rating is for Hewlett Packard.Although HP wants you to buy the HP 27 replacement cartridge , the 5610 also accepts the older 56 black cartridge . The 56 contains 19ml of black ink @ $ 20 . -LRB- on sale at Target occasionally $ 15 -RRB- The ` recommended ' 27 has 10ml @ $ 18 . No wonder buyers are running out of ink so fast.HP customer service said 27 has ` improved ' technology . Sorry . Black is black .
 HP is running a racket . If you have an issue and call their support line , they tell you that `` this is a problem that will probably continue to occur in the future '' and then they recommend that you therefore replace your device with a newer , more expensive unit -LRB- which they 'll give you a `` discount '' on if you buy directly from them -RRB- . After declining this `` sales pitch '' I went to their website support and found that the problem was merely a driver that had somehow gotten uninstalled and needs to be re-installed . No more HP for me .
 Ordered this machine impulsively when my old HP T45 began to sound like a machine version of the ` death rattle . ' It was a amistake . Poor scanning , slow printing , ink eating and - overall - a truly inferior product . I returned it and bought a Canon Pixma MP530 for about $ 60 more and am VERY pleased with it . I believe that HPs heyday as the premiere maker of domestic printers and multi-function machines is over.Don ' t do what I did - Home work first , THEN purchase !
 This is a good device with useful features when it works properly ; however , I had some minor problems with it -LRB- it stopped functioning from the buttons on the printer itself , and none of the solutions I found online worked -RRB- and called their support . They could n't care less about my problem or whether or not I choose HP products in the future . Refused to escalate my call or my feedback , though I was very polite , etc. I will never , ever , purchase an HP product again , and I will shout the same from the highest rooftop . Buyer beware .
 I bought this as a replacement for an old Epson all-in-one that performed well for years , but had the famous Epson ink guzzling issue.Scans for this All-in-One have been blurry and with poor resolution . The resultant scans are unusable.The printer prints OK in black but use of colored ink results in bleeding and blurring , even within the same document and on high quality paper.Although it says it works with HP ' 56 ' cartridges , it gives a cartridge error message when installing one . 22 and 27 cartridges are accepted.All in all , this is going in the trash .
 After about 6 months of VERY light use - we ca n't print , copy or receive faxes because we constantly get `` ink carriage jammed '' error message and the scanner software NEVER worked . After several calls , HP Customer Support is still trying to see if it 's under warranty . But with so many things NOT working on this ALL-IN-ONE , I ca n't recommend it at ANY price .
 I bought this product after months of careful consideration . I spent $ 149 -LRB- plus $ 25 for the USB cord that does n't com in the box . -RRB- , and got a piece of junk ! The scanner went out after less then a year of very light use . I spent all day on the phone with `` tech support '' and they finally determined that they needed to send a replacement . Guess what !? They did send a replacement . A REFURBISHED replacement for my NEW product , and it was like pulling teeth to get them to do that ! Well surprise , surprise less then a year later the refurbished is now not working either . Every time you print a page it holds on to it and the cartridge cradle bangs back and forth , and shoots error messages out ! Therefore I ca n't align new cartridges because you have to print a page to do that , and after you clear up all the error messages it cancels the alignment . So I get a lot of ruckus for printing a page and it 's not aligned so the printing job sucks . I 'm sorry to say this piece of junk is not cutting it , and I do n't know what to buy next ... You 'd think 2 months of careful consideration , reading reviews , and talking to actual users would help you make a decision , but this is what I got for doing that . STAY AWAY from HP . Their customer service is NOT !
 I am an illustrator who works on a iMac G5 . I have had a HP scanner before and loved it . I decided because of budget restraints to buy this model as I could n't afford a larger one . It has been nothing but a nightmare ! I was using an Epson Stylus 740i and never had a problem with setting my preferences . That information was in the manual that went with the printer . With the previous HP scanner I had I never had difficulty getting a good scan or inputing into Adobe Photoshop . With the HP software that comes with Officejet 5610 , it is more difficult to send a scanned image to Photoshop.When I do scan an image , now I have to adjust it through their program before I can get a good image . There is too much `` junk '' and it interferes with my other Adobe programs . I have to jump through hoops to find out where to change the printing and scanning quality and that is not included easily anywhere.I do n't know if I need to set preferences in my software or in the officejet , but I would not recommend this if you have a hard time remembering where each setting dialogue box is.Otherwise it makes much better prints than by Epson , prints with no problem and faxes with ease .
 I got the printer from Amazon and tried to set it up and it just failed to properly it setup . As some reviewers pointed out , it gave an error message of `` paper jam '' during the set up process . It appears that the printer 's cartridge holder has difficulty in grabbing the two cartridges.However , Amazon 's service was great and I 've got the full refund without any hesitation.H.J .
 Cheap construction . Extremely bad design changing print cartridges . Every HP product I 've ever purchased has been sub-standard . Salesman said this one was soooo good & I bought it against my better judgement . No HPs ever again .
 This seller is deceiving people by describing it as Avery brand labels . Instead he is sending generic labels , Basic brand . I emailed him about it and he made all kinds of excuses , even stating that the description says it 's `` compatible '' with Avery labels . But I double checked and nowhere does it say that . I even sent him a screen print of the page and he had no comeback . His page is completely misleading.Some may not care if they are generic , but do n't lie to your customers . Also , for me I need the high quality Avery brand for my business . He put me in a bind when these arrived . He offered a refund , but would not send the advertised Avery labels . It 's not worth $ 15 to return them , so I probably wo n't . Hopefully he will have edited the site by the time you read this .
 The main reason we bought this translator is that it included Tagalog Filipino ... But , once we got it , we discovered that it does n't have the talking option in Tagalog , only in English and Chinese ???? ... and when we asked to return it via online , we were told that all sales are final and they would n't allow us to return the translator ... Because of those two elements I do n't recommend purchasing anyone purchase this product from 11Translator , VERY DECEIVING PRACTICE .
 Returned it , the phone kept dropping calls from the other side of the house , and some times from the next room , no reception at all in the yard.We used to have an old -LRB- 8-9 years old -RRB- 900Mhz phone that had a really good range , could go all over the house and outside -LRB- even across the street -RRB- and still get crystal clear reception , but that phone was dropped too many times and stopped working : - -LRB- However , even the replacement I got -LRB- Uniden 5.8 GHz -RRB- was not much better as far as range , and we are returning that one too . So the search for a phone with a good range continues.I wish someone would make a simple phone with a decent range , I really do not care for all the new bells and whistles such as color screen , calendars , ring tones etc.All I need is a basic phone that wont drop calls from the other side of the house , with a speaker on both handset and base , keypad on base -LRB- so I can make calls without the handset -RRB- and an answering machine with 30 minutes of recording time -LRB- and decent quality , so I can understand the messages left on it ... -RRB- long battery life and auto redial . phone book is nice but not mandatory .
 I purchased the Panasonic KX-TG5571M to replace a 8 year old Sony 900MHZ phone . The Sony would allow me to go about 400 feet from the base before the signal became unusable . The new Panasonic has a usable range on the order of 60 feet . I have a one story , 20 year old , 3000 Sq. . Ft , brick home . Relocating the phone did not help.I returned the phone for credit and bought a Panasonic KX-TG5583 , which is the same phone but with three color handsets , thinking the first unit may have been bad . NOT THE CASE . The replacement is just as poor in range.All the other features of the phone are good and work as advertised.If range is a concern for you , you would do well to look at some other system .
 I bought the KX-TG5571 and an extra handset after being so pleased with it ` spredecessor KX-TG5471 . The 5571 handset does not have a FLASH BUTTON!What you have to do instead is press the speakerphone button , wait foroptions to appear on the screen and then press a different button toaccess the FLASH function and there is NO WAY to figure that out whilelooking at the handset.WHY ?
 I understood this phone was a ` rebuilt ' and accepted it as I felt it would be ` better than new ' . Was not . Messages coming in were either garbled or fading in-and-out . Both extremely annoying and unacceptable . Not a happy camper .
 Deceptive advertising . It should sayFHSS . If you want DSSS , do n't get this .
 This phone is feature rich and ergonomic . I would have loved to keep it but for two major problems :1 -RRB- Despite DSL filters on my line , this phone gives lot of static . Working through this with Panasonic support resulted in me just returning the phone . So think twice if you have DSL on the same line . I have read unconfirmed reports that panasonic phones do n't handle this well .2 -RRB- Panasonic Headset I purchased worked horribly with this phone . Which is ironic .
 I got this set based on price as a replacement for my finished Staedtler non-photo blue pencils . These are still non-photo blue but they are almost a different shade . Enough to clash with my current work . Additionally , I find the Staedtlers smoother in application . I use these for sketching and portraiture . If you 're interested in a good non-photo blue pencil look at the Staedtler 0 31901 model without eraser . Common pink eraser heads fit over them snugly and they work flawlesly . If you 're looking at any non-photo blue , these Prismacolor ones are n't terrible though . Also , the Prismacolors erase easier .
 My son used this printer for three months while at college . The black stopped working . We changed the ink even though it was n't empty and it still did n't work . Nobody will fix this printer . HP considers it a disposable . The chat line is a front for a service that tries to sell you another printer with a discount if you trade your broken one in . The only problem is that I can buy a new one on Amazon for less then what HP offers with their discount so in essence , it 's a disposable printer . Save your money and buy a cheap refurbished or better yet , buy several so you have spares when they die .
 After two years , it has died but not before giving me all sorts of headaches sorting out its error reports to keep it limping along . Go date someone you do n't like , it 'll be easier on you than trying keep this thing happy .
 great printer . Broke once when I opened too hard . But ink is outrageously expensive ! My suggestion is not to buy HP .
 I bought my 3310 All-in-One Printer in December 2005 and have had nothing but problems with both the printer , the associated software that runs on Windows and their tech support . Oh , and H.P. is also refusing to honor the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- rebate I should have received when I bought a digital camera at the same time . The first unit would not communicate over the wireless connection . The -LRB- refurbished -RRB- replacement for this would n't scan pictures properly . And I 'm about to have the third unit replaced because the firmware in the printer keeps crashing and I have to cycle power to use the printer again.The associated windows software has some serious usability issues . I do n't think they tested this software with actual users . And then there are the outright bugs such as not transfering all the scanned photos to my hard disk . You scan photos in batches and you ca n't even tell that some were missed until you close the scanner program . Then you have to go back and figure out which photos were missed and do them again.HP has out-sourced their tech support to India . The terrible phone connection combined with the heavy Indian accent makes it hard to understand what they are saying . It 's obvious they are following a trouble-shooting flow chart rather than understanding the product and the problem . I usually get bounced from one tech support person to another several times until finally getting connected to the right department . It 's not unusual to be hung up on in this process and have to call back and start all over again.The photos it produces are great looking . But be careful not to get any water on them or the ink will run.The ink cartridges have smart chips on them so you ca n't refill them yourself . I understand the other brands also do this.I have no idea if another brand of all in one printer would be better . I ca n't image one being worse .
 This printer is SO frustrating . I 've been fighting the error `` out of paper '' for several weeks . Office Depot told me i needed to clean the rollers . Seems to be a common problem . Do n't buy this printer .
 I have had nothing but problems with this printer from the date of purchase . Everytime I send something to print or attempt to copy , the printer says the paper tray is empty . So I have to manually pull out the paper tray and re-insert it many times before it will finally feed one sheet of paper . I returned the first printer and my replacement printer is having the exact same problem.The quality of photos , printed or copied , is disappointing , since I bought this printer for this purpose.The scanning feature is difficult to use with poor quality results.I give it one star because I like the idea of the individual ink cartridges.Wish I could just return this monster and get a full refund .
 I have owned a number of HP printers over the years , but this 3310 has been the most frustrating . First off I would like to say that they should rename the product , Photosmart this machine is not ! After a half hour of loading software I fired the machine up , print quality was excellent , manual controls worked well , then I decided to check out the software only to discover it was a revamped version that the company has been using for the past 5 years . Very few of the 3310 's functions could be controlled by the computer . Numerous bugs throughout . After spending 2 hours on the phone with HP no solutions were found , still a bundle of bugs . So if you want great printer quality that will waste hours of your time and is full of software bugs ... this is it .
 My 2 previous Printers where HP which I was very pleased with . I want the all in one but this is the printer from hell , It is so temperamental . It always errors out of paper no matter how perfectly you try to load the paper . Forget about trying to load a paper other than HP . I want take a sledge hammer to it and I 've only had it 5 months . It 's never worked right . Do n't buy this model you 'll be kicking yourself for buying such a expensive piece of junk ...
 Got this for the two Macs in my house , a laptop and imac connected with an airport . We can print fine , we can scan and fax , but we have never been able to resolve our issue with scanning a document for use in a file or scanning a document to create a picture file . I have been working with customer support who send me canned answers and keep telling me to uninstall and reinstall . Nothing works and finally today they told me that scanning over a network is not supported . WOW . Last time I buy an HP product . Probably works well with PCs , but I would steer clear if you 're a Mac user using this as your home printer connected to your airport . It just can not detect your computers and the help from customer service is generically obtuse .
 I have had nothing but problems with the HP 3310 printer . First the paper feed would n't work . HP sent a re-manufactured printer as a replacement . It had problems with the fax . A half dozen calls to India solved that problem . Then the scanner broke . The Indians could n't fix it so I took it to an independent dealer . She said it was a common problem with the printing mechanism and was un-repairable . Six units with the same problem in one month . I wrote to the HP help desk and they said they would respond . They did not . I wrote to the CEO of HP and he did not respond either . Do n't buy products from a company that wo n't support them .
 This computer stopped working 6 months after the warranty expired ... after causing troubles from the very beginning of its life -LRB- I was never able to get the fax up and running -RRB- . I have now wasted over 5 hours with technical and customer support without ANY help . They do not even offer support over the phone for free . I will never by HP again and would advise anyone who is even considering buying this product or another one by HP to do the same .
 The ink cartridges for this printer are the size of a humingbirds bladder . If you want to spend hundreds of dollars on ink cartridges and replace them every other time you print , then this is the printer for you . If you want to wait minutes for the wireless connection to see and then print your documents and then have errors half of the time , again , this is the printer for you . If you want something that actually works well consider something else . This is not an `` all-in-one '' it is an `` all-for-nothing '' waste of money . Designed by HP to suck money out of your pockets and into their coffers after you bought the machine by charging you exhorbitant amounts for ink .
 When I bought the HP 3310 printer I thought the multiple ink cartridges would make printing costs much more economical since you could buy the color cartridges individually . However , I did n't realize that they had a built in expiration date regardless of the amount of ink left and that this would stop the printer from functioning . In addition , my printer hit an error when one of the cartridges still had plenty of ink and 4 months until expiration . It would not let me print until I replaced the cartridge . After an hour online with the service tech , his solution was to take the printer to a service center or upgrade to a new one . I told him I probably would upgrade but it would n't be to an HP . What a ripoff . I wo n't be buying HP again !
 This machine has been nothing but trouble for me . Ink heads clogging , crashes requiring a power cycle , and now the dreaded ` Out of paper ' with the feeder failing to pick up paper . I 'm not taking it in to the repair shop again , and I 'm not going to be buying an HP printer again either .
 We got this printer for $ 200 through an apple promotion a few years ago . For an all in one , it 's not bad . The software is excessively complicated -LRB- do we really need 6 separate programs to run all the apps for this ? -RRB- though with an hour or two of playing around you can figure out what is necessary and what is fluff . The printer gets the job done , though it has it 's annoying glitches . I would never buy this printer for what they are selling it for on Amazon - if you pay more than $ 250 for this printer , considering I got mine almost 4 years ago , you 're getting ripped off.-sometimes when scanning I get what looks like vertical blinds along an edge - if you run out of one ink cart , -LRB- say , yellow -RRB- you can not print at all -- even in B&W ; - does not hold more than 30 or 40 sheets of paper - sometimes the computer can not connect with the printer 's wireless ability and the printer has to be turned off and on . Not a major annoyance , but then if it goes into its one minute auto-maintenance program and you have to wait , it 's a hassle.What I like about it : - fax is super easy - printing pictures is easy
