 This printer only worked well enough for 5 months and than got a paper jam message . I cleared the paper jam and it still says , it still has a paper jam . I checked HP tech support and nothing was useful to help me resolve this problem .
 I bought this printer for my small business , and it has done a good for everything from photo printing to invitations . I have noticed a slight problem with some copies , though . For large , full glass copies , there was a noticeable `` bump '' in the end product . It looked as if someone had bumped the printer , sometime during the scan . There have also been times when color printing has been very fast , but others , particularly when I had to print multiple color pages , one page printed quickly , but other pages would take so long , I 'd walk away and come back and the print job still was n't done . I have varied the order of the pages , and this has not helped . All in all , though , I still would rate this printer somewhere between 3 and 4 stars . Recently , though , when trying to replace an empty cartridge , the printer locked open , and the access door would not close . I entered into a live chat with an HP rep. To summarize my experience , I followed all the directions of the rep - a number of times . It did n't fix the problem . The rep then told me that it was a hardware failure , and started a sales pitch for me to buy a new machine . I mentioned a number of times that I found this to be a known issue , as documented on the web , and asked if HP offered any recall because of this issue . He just kept on with the pitch . Since my printer is a large part of my business , I told him my requirements , and he told me that I could get a similar printer from HP at a reduced price . The frustrating thing is that his `` much reduced price '' , to quote him , is the SAME price that is on the HP website . I know things fail , and I do n't expect perfection from a printer . But I DO expect integrity from HP and their reps. I felt as if the guy was just trying to make a sale and not listen to my issue . Customer service is part of every purchase . So is addressing a client 's needs . But lying and attempting to deceive clients is reprehensible . The added frustration reduces my recommendation and my stars to 2 .
 I have had this printer for over a year now . It makes great prints if you can actually get it to print.If you do any printing besides 81/2 x 11 '' it takes a small amount of coding each time to program it to work.Also I now ca n't get it to realize I have a full blue cartridge in it.I have owned quite a few HP printers over the years and they all have worked pretty well . This one blows . Stay away .
 Update
 Started out OK . Then it started to use up cartridges at a high rate . It is a good thing each color has it 's own cartridge . I shudder to think of the cost to replace muticolors . The wireless networking worked well.Then it happened , 18 days after warantee expiration - an ink system malfuntion . After talking to India , I found out I could get it replaced for $ 149 and change . I will use the money to return to Lexmark . Those printers and MFDs at least outlasted their warantees by several years.If you get it , get an extended warantee -LRB- I normally do not believe in them except for actual computers -RRB- .
 I purchased this machine because of the good ratings it received . This is my first AIO machine . I sold my stand-alone fax machine because I could n't stop an incoming fax once it started , 9 out of 10 faxes I get are junk , and most of my faxing is done directly from my computer . So , if I needed to fax something that was n't on my computer I needed a scanner . The photo printing was icing on the cake as we do a bit of printing from our digital camera.I received the machine quickly . Everything was there . Installation of the HP software was cumbersome -LRB- it 's about 400MB and has to be installed on each client that wants to use the scanner or fax -RRB- . Naturally , the software did n't install properly the first time and also uninstalled my HP network printer from the clients I installed this AIO software on . It took quite awhile to get everything back installed -LRB- 3 hours -RRB- and it was a good thing I know enough about networks to guess on several of the questions . Noone in my family could have got this set up right.All in all it took about 6 hours to get the machine set up , the software installed , uninstalled , and reinstalled , and was able to scan and fax . This is not what one would call a Plug-n-Play device . It 's working nicely though . Prints quickly , is reasonably quiet , but the ink is a bit expensive . Can replace the ink individually , and the HP software does show the estimated amount of ink remaining in each cartridge . It prints photos nicely , but I have n't got it printing on the 4 x 6 photo paper yet.After a year I had to reinstall Window XP . Now the HP software does n't install and HP could n't help , after about 12 hours of effort and several phone calls . It probably has to do with the Norton Anti-Virus software , but all HP could finally recommend was a complete re-installation of XP and installation of the software before NAV was re-installed . Now , I can only use the printer for printing . Pretty expensive for a simple printer and copier . My opinion has changed from a three -LRB- 3 -RRB- star to a one -LRB- 1 -RRB- star - would n't recommend .
 We orginally purchased the 3310 in the UK as it was dual voltage and marketed as a global machine . We moved back to the USA seven months later and that 's when the fun began . The UK machine would not take ink cartridges purchased in the USA as it turns out they are coded differently from the European cartridges . The HP website does not tell you that up front . It took several long sessions and phones calls to HP support to get them to admit the coding . The fact that the ink cartridges and machines are all manufactured in the same place in Malaysia does not mean the machines will work universally.Finally HP send us a USA replacement . We have had it only four months . We have spent a fortune on HP ink cartridges because many are rejected as soon as they are put in the machine . Some tell you the ink levels are low when it is a brand new cartridge.Today I spent over an hour and a half online with HP Support and could not get the machine to recognize the two new cartridges I had just installed . We repeately went through all the troubleshooting scripted by HP . Finally the techinician said the machine needs to be upgraded to a newer HP model for a mere $ 254.00 . I do n't think so , and certainly not an HP . When the machines worked they were ok . But the coding issues and the constant hassle with the ink cartridges have become very expensive and frustrating.We are looking for recommendations for an all in one reliable printer !
 I bought this machine to fax and scan only . I 've had problems with scanning from the get-go . Sometimes it will scan , sometimes it will give me an error message , and I never know if I will be able to scan or not . I called tech support , they told me to bypass the ` scan ' button on the machine and scan using the computer controls , well now that is n't working , some ADF paper message ... there is no paper in my machine ! $ 400.00 down the drain .
 I have had nothing but problems with this printer from the date of purchase . Everytime I send something to print or attempt to copy , the printer says the paper tray is empty . So I have to manually pull out the paper tray and re-insert it many times before it will finally feed one sheet of paper . I returned the first printer and my replacement printer is having the exact same problem.The quality of photos , printed or copied , is disappointing , since I bought this printer for this purpose.The scanning feature is difficult to use with poor quality results.I give it one star because I like the idea of the individual ink cartridges.Wish I could just return this monster and get a full refund .
 Problems right from the get go , and nothing got better . The software wo n't install correctly on any of my computers , tried on 5 different machines . It just hangs . I have to randomly kill background tasks until it continues , and finally it finishes , but I assume it is not correctly installed on any of my machines.Scanning is a painful experience . Took me 3 hours -LRB- ! -RRB- to scan 16 pages -LRB- !! -RRB- ... I had to figure out why it kept munging my documents . It insists of autocropping all my images even though autocropping is disabled . Unintuitive GUI , multiple menu options bring up the exact same options window . It can save to JPG file format ... but only if you save to a memory card , not to anywhere else like your computer . Software is slow and brings my quad-core Xeon super computer to its knees , the software hangs the entire system when performing certain functions . -LRB- AAHHHH !!!! -RRB- Even in the background when not doing anything , software consumes 60 mb of system memory in six -LRB- ?!?! -RRB- background processes ... -LRB- hpqdirec.exe , hpqimzone.exe , hpqste08.exe , hpqtra08.exe , hpwuSchd2.exe . . !!!! -RRB- . Why the heck would you need six different background processes and 60MB for one printer?Don ' t buy it .
 Hp does not know how to take care of their customers . This printer was exactly what I wanted , but in no time the feeder to the paper tore up . They sent me a downgraded one to replace it . HP needs to make their products more sturdier ! I advise you not to buy , since they quit making this model .
 I had this unit since December 2004 . I had it exchanged 4 times in the first 3 years under the warranty period because of problems connecting to my wireless network and spontaneously shutting down . The connection spontaneously kept dropping off . It seamed that the reasons were always slightly different each time . It has currently been about 4 years that I have not been able to connect to the my home wireless network since my warranty expired . Also , in all the units , the LCD screen never turned off consistently after the designed 15 minutes of inactivity . Sometimes , it turned off about 30 minutes later , but mostly it just remained on continuously.For the past 4 years or so -LRB- and continually getting worse -RRB- , I 've had problems with both the main tray and the photo trays in that the machine 's gears seems to be slipping and not able to get the paper from the tray . I hear a loud and terrible grinding noise , sounding as if the gears are slipping past each other and not turning . The machine can not grab the paper , especially when the trays are low in paper . I get a message that says that there is no paper in the tray when there obviously is . I need to manually push the paper into the machine with my finger in order for the machine to successfully grab the paper.None of the external storage slots on the Photosmart 3310 are able to read anything , not even the USB one . This is very frustrating . It 's been like this for about 4 to 5 years.One of the more frustrating things is that the ink cartrigdes are not not compatible with any other printer HP is currently producing . I have a lot of ink and I wanted to buy a new all-in-one printer that would be able to use these same ink cartridges , bat I 'm out of luck . I hate that fact that there are so many different kinds of ink cartridges . HP says that technology keeps advancing so that 's why ink cartridges are always changing . I told the HP representative that this was bull * , but I know it 's not his fault . I am not aware of any law of physics that prohibits printer ink from being standardized to the point where one common cartridge design would be stable enough to last for a couple of decades and be used in a wide variety of different printers.Apart from these significant negatives , I like the way the Photosmart 3310 looks . It is pleasing to the eye and cleaning the dust off of it is easy because of its smooth top . I 'm glad it does n't have an ADF . Yes I sometimes fax multiple page faxes , but not often enough to justify an ADF . It 's not hard to simply scan one page at a time to fax .
 I bought this printer about a year and a half ago . I had trouble with it right from the start . Now , it wo n't print black ink , even with a brand new cartridge that the printer display indicates is full . I did everything suggested on HP 's web site . I spent two hours on the phone with tech support . In they end , they decided it was `` hardware failure . '' I used this printer for home use only . It had not been used all that much . It is less than 20 months old and now I have to junk it . I wo n't be buying another HP printer .
 I had an HP 3310 that had recently died . I really liked the printer/fax/scanner combination and was disappointed with the current crop of offerings . I particularly did not like the eFax and the lack of ability to scan negatives and slides on replacement printers . Plus I had a number of ink-jet cartridges that I wanted to use . I ordered the 3310 . When it arrived everything worked except the FAX . That was one of the main reasons for buying the device . I returned the 3310 and bought a new HP Photosmart 7515 . It is not as good as the 3310 but ...
 Before buying this printer for the office we had another HP All In One photo printer . This printer started malfunctioning after about 3 months . Contacting customer service , they had me do all this random stuff to the printer that did n't help . So they sent another printer -LRB- refurbished -RRB- and had me return the non working . Same problem . Went through about 5 of these in 2 years and then the warranty ran out and they said we were no longer covered and had to buy a new printer . That 's what I call fantastic service . So when they went to buy a new color printer scanner for the office I told them not to buy HP because HP is always crap , to get Canon or Epson . Well apparently this HP looked really nice to the person buying it . I figured it would start having problems if I used it too much so I limited use to color scanning and printing . After about a month there would be an Error message on the screen about once a day and I would have to turn it off and on to get rid of the message . Now , about three months later , when I try to scan it will freeze up the program and lose all the pictures , and then I have to stop the program and restart the printer . Do I really want to speak to someone at an outsourced call center who will tell me to do all this stuff and go through the exact same thing ? No . I expect that in about 2 more months it will stop working all together , I will have to send it in and get a refurbished one under warranty , which will have the same problem and keep having to do this until the warranty runs out . I do n't think I 've known anyone who uses a color printer regularly for graphics or photos who has n't said HPs are crap .
 I was unable to install the software for this very attractive machine despite over 3 hours on the phone with a very capable HP tech rep. They felt the problem was incompatability with Norton antivirus , even though we disabled all Norton services and windows firewall . A friend had a similar experience . It may be a great machine for those with PC 's that can can load it , which I assume would include most machines .
 I would never buy an HP again ... after hours on HP Chat and talking to someone from India who said I have to pay to talk to a specialist in fixing my problem ... HELLO ... I bought this yesterday ... the machine is not compatible in printing spreadsheets ... goodbye HP
 this printer damaged my Sony VAIO VGN-360P -LRB- running on XP profession -RRB- during set up of lap top as connecting the printer via the USB port . As the USB cable is connected from the printer to the lap top , the lap top shut down immediately and can not start up again . Tried to fix the lap top by removing all power sources and press on the POWER button to release all electric charges . This did not help . Reset the lap top via the reset button did not help either . After talking to the tech support at Sony , this lap top has to be shipped to Sony for repair.Did any one have this problem ?
 Less than one year of use and the belt that moves the cartridge snapped . Poorly designed . The thing wo n't even let me use the scanner now .
 I bought this 3310 on the suggestion of the clerk at the university computer store for two reasons . First I had good experiences with HP Laser Printers in the past , both at home and work . They proved to be unstoppable workhorses , pumping out thousands of pages of crisp documents over years of use without fail , and using very little toner per copy . Second , the clerk sold me on the advantages of an `` all-in-one '' device.I have been continually frustrated for three years with constant error messages , a scanner that never seems to work without 6 or 7 reboots , and even then it simply wo n't do the majority of the tasks HP claims it will ; and of course the ink cartridges are OUTRAGEOUS . I will never try an All-in-One again , at least not an HP .
 Although the prospect of having the many features supplied by this printer was its selling point , it is by far the most annoying printer I have ever owned . This is due to the chronic problems with the printer not printing until you press a button acknowledging its warning that one of the many ink cartridges is getting low . Right now it will not print anything for me as one of the color print cartridges is empty , even though I only want to print in black and white . This is definitely not the printer for you if it is networked and you are not sitting right beside it to override the relentless print cartridge messages . I will never buy an HP printer again , as I waste too much time pushing buttons to get it to print , when it wants to tell me to buy more ink .
 I have had this printer for little over 4 years . All that time , this printer has been nothing but just grief.When you receive the -- Ink System Failure error message -- you are doomed . The printer is totally dead.HP Service is a joke . Nothing they suggested worked to fix any of my issues . Why spend so much money and then have to relyon Internet/social forums to get any help , but not from the company that made the printer?I am shopping for a Canon after my HP Photosmart 3310 gave me the Ink System Failure error message . Nearly every cartridge somehow spilledinside the printer , making so much of a mess.Spare yourself from some grief .
 I keep getting an `` out of ink '' error message . Change or fill the ink cartridges . Message still exists . Turning the machine on and off , causes grinding for a good minute . Anyone , wants to pay shipping , they can have the unit .
 If you want to waste your weekend and time looking for fixes to the issues of this printer then go and buy it . What a waste of money and time . Still looking for why the printer and copier no longer printing black . I just bought all new ink and still not working .
 I just bought this printer/fax/scanner / copier two nights ago from my local Office Depot . It was on sale for only $ 339 ! -LRB- Lowest price I found ANYWHERE -LRB- including internet -RRB- so far . -RRB- Anyway , I brought it home and plugged in all the cables . Before I had even installed the drivers , I could scan , and change settings on my computer ! The embedded web-server is awesome!The drivers comes in two installations for Windows PC 's , Full
 This machine has been nothing but a complete frustration since I purchased it about five months ago . The paper tray consistently malfunctions by insisting that the machine is `` Out of Paper '' when , in fact , the paper tray is full . I note that other reviewers have cited this same problem.Initially , this would occur once in awhile but has steadily worsened and now occurs each time I try to print something.I happened to be in my local electronics store last weekend where a Hewlett Packard representative was holding court . I bent his ear about this issue and he informed me that he had returned three of these machines in the past few months with the same problem.At his urging , I called HP Customer Service later that afternoon . They immediately agreed to forward me a different model -LRB- 7410 Office Jet -RRB- . It should arrive in about five business days . HP Customer Service apologized profusely -LRB- unbidden -RRB- for not being able to send it overnight but claimed they were temporarily out . I can only imagine there has been a run on the 7410 by the flood of 3310 casualties . I commend HP for their responsive and professional customer service but am quite sorry that I , like so many other consumers , had to avail myself of it in the first place.STAY AWAY !
 The first 3310 I set up worked perfectly , for about a month , then started with the `` Out of Paper '' message other people have complained about . I had to load each sheet individually by punching the OK button . I spent 2 hours on the phone with H-P customer service , who decided I needed a new printer . Fifteen days later , it arrived and I sent my defective one back.Now , a couple of months later -LRB- I bought the first 3310 early in Dec. 2005 , so all of this has taken place in 6 months -RRB- , the replacement printer stops printing after a page and shows an error message on its LCD . When I shut it off to reset , it spends five minutes grinding and churning in Maintenance mode before it 's ready to go again . Then it might work for three or four printing jobs , or maybe only one , until it does the same thing again . But at least the paper feeds OK , at least so far!I have relegated this piece of junk to simply occasional fax and copier use , which so far it 's doing OK . Would I like my $ 300 bucks back ? You bet.However , in its defense , when the 3310 prints , it produces beautiful pictures -- so good that I took a risk and bought an HP 8250 just for photo printing , since it uses the same inks and produces the same great quality . But it 's a $ 100 printer , so if I get 100 8x10 prints out of it I 'll wo n't be too upset if it dies and I have to toss it.But I would n't have another 3310 if HP sent me one for free . I do n't need the hassle .
 If you want something like this , go with the Fischer-Price Doodle Pro . It is solid , dependable and will work for years . This board is just some cheap knock-off . The Doodle Pro can be found from between $ 10 to $ 20 . This stupid cute board is being sold for $ 30 with shipping.The cute board is truly dollar store quality . Made from the cheapest plastic possible . The magnets are weak and the pen will come apart if used by a child for any length of time.I bought this Cute Board before I found the Doodle Pro at Toys R Us and there is no comparison.Doodle Pro is a 10 out of 10 ; while the Cute Board is a -15 out of 10 . Do n't waste your money on this piece of trash!Get a Doodle Pro instead.Doodle Pro Dinosaurs
 I have had this printer for just over a month . I agree with two of the previous reviews that the paper tray will eventually get to the place where it consistently will not feed ... ANY kind of paper , letter sized or photo . The monitor reads `` out of paper '' I phoned HP 's `` under warranty '' help line and the agent walked me through everything , the printer kept saying `` out of paper '' for BOTH trays . Plugging and unplugging and other testing processes for over an hour on the phone accomplished nothing . Finally today ,1 / 20/06 I was told by first an agent , then a supervisor , that I could have a new machine , BUT not until the 4th of April , 2006 . The machines are on `` Back order '' . Obviously , this means a wait of 2 months . Oh yes , the yellow cartridge was the first to go . . last week . Would I buy this machine again ? NO !
 I 've always liked HP printers , until I bought this one . I 've had nothing but problems with it . It 's by far the worst printer I 've ever owned .1 . It wo n't let you print if one of the colors is low -LRB- it does n't even wait for the color to be empty -RRB- .2 . If you have more than one computer and you want to set it up on wireless , be prepared to go through hoops to set it up and then be prepared for it not to work .3 . There must be some kind of glitch in the software because sometimes it starts printing fine , and in the middle of the printing cycle it starts over again , so if it 's already printed page 21 through 19 , it 's going to do it over again . I have dozens of wasted paper because of this .4 . With all these problems , a simple printing job of 25 pages could take you over an hour of fussing , turning the printer on and off to clear the memory , and opening and closing your application with the hopes that the next time it 'll print like it 's supposed to.I 'm seriously considering throwing this printer out my second floor window and watching a truck drive over it . I do n't know if I 'll ever buy another HP printer ever again . I would give this product a zero if I had the option .
 When mine had an irretrievable paper jam and I took it in for repair , we found out that HP has discontinued both the printer and the pieces -LRB- gear replacement -RRB- needed for -LRB- a relatively simple -RRB- repair . Shame , shame , H.P. . You just lost my business for good .
 After fighting with this thing for the last year I 'm about to pass it on to GoodWill . Seriously . It does n't matter what paper , what size , nothing , but after a few months of use actually getting output is almost impossible -LRB- this * is * what this thing is for , I believe -RRB- . The always present `` Out of paper '' message is starting to raise my blood pressure and I 'm looking for another printer and it 's not an HP.Reading a previous review about the same issue it appears that it 's a software issue , but HP apparently has no plans to correct it ; is n't that grand ? Am I pissed off ? You bet I am ; this is n't one of those $ 49.95 printers - it was rather pricey . It 'll be a cold day in Hell before I purchase another product from these HP .
 I hate to admit it , but I have to agree with most of the other reviewers on this product . The paper loading problems are real - being careful or gentle has nothing to do with it . We have had a half dozen other printers previously -LRB- non-HPs -RRB- without anywhere near the problems.About 6 months after the warranty expired , the printer totally failed . Customer Service informed me that there is no repair option , but would gladly sell me a refurb or new one in exchange . NO THANK YOU !! Not at all what I expected from HP , especially because this was not a cheap printer . I regret purchasing this HP product and will be replacing it with another brand .
 In the past the HP reputation has been stellar , and even after the well documented `` paper load '' issues -LRB- where I received a rebuilt machine -RRB- I was willing to give HP a nod as other than the noise this machine printed spectacular photos -LRB- 8 x 10 's on our walls -RRB- . But now ... 18 months after original purchase -LRB- 14 after receipt of reman unit -RRB- it has cartridge issues as noted by others.I 'm not that rich and thought I was buying a sturdy machine ... nope ... maybe I need to finally stop being loyal to HP since they will not even acknowledge this is a problem and I 'm stuck having to buy a new printer since there seems to be no repair options known .
 I 've lost count of the number of HP Printers I have purchased . Always been thrilled with them . Great products . In just over a year -LRB- warranty just expired ! -RRB- , I 'm now getting the `` Load Paper Error '' and it wo n't feed paper . From the looks of it , the design of this printer is a lemon . HP needs to do something about this ... I would have rated it 0 stars , but I had to rate it a least 1 .
 I used this printer probably 5 times over the course of the first couple of months that I owned it . After that period , paper no longer feeds and it constantly has the `` Load Paper '' error that so many others experience . It is virtually useless .
 I have had this HP product for some time and while I am satified with the printer quality . There are a lot of features this printer lacks for the cost .1 -RRB- The control pannel is hard to use . The SD memory card slots do not support older SD cards which is a feature that should be on the this printer since it would have been an inexpensive feature .2 -RRB- The printer will not print from using photo from scanner which is a better option than using the copy feature so that you do not have to set so many other parameters for better than copy quality .3 -RRB- The software integration did not work at all so I can not use the scan to disk function at all .4 -RRB- The printer does not have a software option for print quality modification at all which is a huge mistake . You should not have to use the control pannel to edit photos .5 -RRB- The printer cartridges do not last long enough and are expensive much more than HP 's photosmart 100 series which is a better printer for the money if you just want to print photos .6 -RRB- The printer is loud when doing paper feeds which is a problem as well.This printer is not a great multi function tool . I have sent 10 e-mails to HP and support is lacking to get an exchange as well . Please do yourself a favor and wait until this is a close out for much less money to buy it for the great print quality only , you will save yourself the hastle of buying such a large printer that may or may not function properly . This is my 2nd HP printer and I am not happy with the investment so far . If you need an office and photo printer Lexmark is probably better for software integration and functionality .
 I purchased the HP 3210 to replace a six year old laser printer . I read several reviews before deciding on this model , but apparently I did n't read closely enough.Setup of the printer was a breeze , and for the first week or two things seemed to work flawlessly . Most of what I do at home is just some light document printing , which worked like a charm . I also played with the scanning , as well as the copying of a photo , which was really very cool . Again , it just worked great and I was pleased with the purchase.Then after a couple of weeks I started getting an `` Out of Paper '' message on the display , despite the fact that the tray was full . I did all the usual stuff , pulled the tray out , reshuffled the paper , put it back in , and reset . The printer seemed to work OK again , until the next time I 'd print a document.Honestly I really did n't pay that much attention to the issue until the other day when I was doing some research for my job and wanted to print out a 45 page document . A complete nightmare ; I spent 2 hours of a Sunday afternoon just trying to get the output . It would print a page , then give me the error . I hit the OK button , it clicks and whirs a little , spits out another page , and then the same error.This all happened while using HP 's premium Inkjet paper . I tried another brand of multi-purpose paper -LRB- 20 # weight instead of 24 # -RRB- with equally poor results.The problem has just gotten progressively worse , and I 'm at a loss as to what to do . I purchased at Circuit City in early April so I doubt they will accept a return . My only recourse will probably be to contact HP , which I have n't tried yet but will.It is really a shame because , aside from this major problem , the printer is everything I need . The right size , functions , etc. . Now I 'm just hoping that I can recoup some of my investment.I 'm very disappointed and really expected more from HP . Obviously , and unfortunately , I can not recommend this printer . ***** ADDENDUM ***** 6/11/06
 I bought the HP Photosmart 3210 because it 's feature set seemed head and sholders above the competition . Excellent performance specs , a reasonable price , and it 's even network ready , so I can put it on my network as a shared printer.The first thing that I noticed is that it is a bit noisy . The unit makes a very annoying squeaking/chirping noise . I resolved to live with the noise however , because the 3210 seemed to be just what I had been looking for.Then , I began to notice that the 3210 erroneously reports that it is out of paper , even when it is not . It seems that I could not print more than 4-5 pages without the bogus `` out of paper '' error . As you can imagine , this is rather annoying when you send multi-page print jobs to the 3210 and they never successfully complete without my constantly monkeying around with the paper tray.Assuming that my 3210 was simply defective , I exchanged the printer at the store for another unit . Guess what , the same bogus `` out of paper '' error . So , I did a bit of reasearch and found out that lots of people are having this same problem with their 3210 . So , I emailed HP tech support and explained my problem and told them that it seems that lots of other people have the same problem . I asked them what their solution to the problem is.Well , without bashing the HP tech support , let 's just say that not only wo n't HP tech support own up to the problem , they merely give me a list of really unhelpful/irrelevant things to try . Upon tiring of getting nowhere via email , I ask them to call me so that we can discuss the problem . They said they were unable to call me and can only exchange it for another unit.Since I saw no reason to believe that the third unit would perform any better , I declined their offer and promptly returned my 3210 to the store for a refund.Too bad for HP , a simple acknowledgement of the obvoius problem and a promise to investigate a proper fix -LRB- in the near future -RRB- would have kept me as a customer.Updated
 I started my own business and purchased this item because of my past experiences with HP laser jets . One year later , I 'm about to throw it out the window and buy a new printer.Why ? First of all , even when printing in black and white , the device uses color ink . Approximately 97 % of my printing is black and white , yet the color ink cartridge levels are consistently depleted . As a result , I have to purchase -LRB- what a surprise -RRB- HP color inks even though I do n't ever use them . I estimate that 's cost me about $ 150-200 over the last year.The second reason I despise this machine relates to its annoying warning message pop-up boxes . When ink is running low in any cartridge , a pop-up appears . They can not be disabled . They appear until the ink cartridge is completely empty . Since the machine depletes color inks at such minute levels , these messages can appear for days -LRB- or until you replace it with another expensive HP ink cartridge -RRB- . Lastly , the machine will not operate if any of the ink cartridges are empty . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've wanted to print a simple black and white document but could not because the machine was out of pink or yellow ink.Clearly HP has decided that the best way to make money is through ink sales . If they 'd focused more on the customer 's ultimate experience , they 'd have secured me as a repeat , long-term customer .
 The printer got an extra star just because it is the first one that has ever actually worked with my POS computer.I bought this at a garage sale for $ 5 - they had two of the exact same one . They warned me they could never get it to work so I thought I would give it a try.At first it would work fine then I started getting the out of paper message like everyone else seems to . The best solution I found was to ` break in the rollers ' so I printed a blank page a few hundred times . After the first hundred it got better at picking up the paper and I did n't have any problems out of it for about a month or two.I started getting the ` out of paper ' problem again but have n't had a chance to break in the rollers again because now it has decided it has a paper jam . I have taken apart everything that does n't require a screwdriver to remove and there is no paper jam ! Turning it off does n't reset it - in fact most of the time when I do push the power button to turn the machine off it will not turn off . I finally have to unplug it from the wall and then it gives me a message when I turn it back on about how I should shut down properly.The 10 % of the time it has worked without issue it 's been great ! The photos I 've printed are better than some of the ` professional ' prints I 've seen . The printer prints documents quickly and clearly . My ink has lasted forever - like I said it has n't worked 90 % of the time I 've had it though.The scanner function has been VERY nice . I 've scanned pictures and documents with ease and had no major problems saving them to my computer . Every time I tried to scan the 35 mm film it goes bezerk and I end up having to unplug it . I have n't been able to get the memory slots to work - I 've only tried my 8 G stick though so it may just not be USB 2.0 compatible.I was considering getting another ` priter only ' printer and keeping the 3210 for scanning pictures but with this `` paper jam '' error I am unable to do ANYTHING with this printer . I 'll take a screwdriver after it when I get time but there is a good chance this printer will be sitting on the curb in the next few weeks .
 Out of the box , this is visually a good looking printer . The quality of its prints are quite a different story , mainly because the quality you see on your computer screen is not exactly what you will get from the printer especially when you have images and text on the same page . For printing text only documents , like every other printer -LRB- cheap or expensive -RRB- you wo n't see the inferiority in the prints . However after an extensive use , which in my case I used the HP Photosmart 3210 for 18 months for less than average printings , the quality began to gradually deteriorate , red color images came out purple , yellow came out green , until now I get an error message that reads , '' Ink System Failure '' ... `` Unable to copy , receive faxes , or print . Refer to the printer documentation '' , which I threw out months ago and the printer functions does n't include faxing . The bottom line is , for the cost of this printer , you can get a better one unless if you plan on replacing it in 18 months & need awful prints . My first HP product and probably the last ... unless they produce better quality products .
 This thing is a piece of junk . I bought it because of its alleged slide-scanning abilities , which I have never got to work properly . Overall , I have had nothing but trouble with it from the start . You name it -- hardware , software , paper feed , scanner , etc. . I should have returned it but no , I kept thinking that I was the problem , that a little more practice and it would be fine . Sorry , I am NOT the problem and Hewlett Packard should be ashamed it ever sold this thing . And I might add , it goes through ink cartridges faster than any printer I have ever seen .
 THIS IS AN EXTREMELY TEMPERMENTAL PRODUCT ! It contstantly jams . The paper tray is too small to put much paper in at a time , which is annoying , and the tray itself is set up so that it is jammed way into the machine , so that when it does jam , often , it is impossible to clear . It also is prone to `` carriage jam '' - and there is no available help with the carriage set up , there is no photo of the carriage set up anywhere on the internet.I HATE this machine !!!
 Have not had a lot of time to play with this unit , BUT what I have observed is that the owner 's manual references all kinds of buttons on the front display THAT DO NOT EXIST . For example , it gives a procedure to locate the serial number , etc. , by pressing a * and # button that do not exist on the display panel . It also talks about an `` Information Menu '' that does not exist . Also , supposedly there is a `` ABC '' and a `` 123 '' button that does not exist . The list goes on for how to set this and set that , but the buttons do not exist . Go figure -- supposedly I ended up with the right owner 's manual , according to what is printed on the cover , but I ca n't figure out any of this . AND I AM NOT ILLITERATE .
 HP used to be known for their high quality , but this printer is a sign that those days are over . I have happily owned an HP computer , monitor , and had a previous inkjet . All ran well , and any issues were handled superbly by HP support . But after an easy install and a few succesful tests , I started running into problems . On normal blank 8 1/2 by 11 coming from the main tray , it pulls and prints relatively smoothly . But , the feeds from the `` photo tray '' are dismal . The printer constantly makes skipping noises and it attempts to pull the photo tray , and quickly gives up and provides the `` out of paper '' message . Even on the rare times it succesfully pulls in the tray it is inclined to give the `` out of paper '' message . My attempt to get support was not nearly as helpful as the past with HP . I was told to try different paper , and to wipe off the rollers - which was useless , as it completely ignored the clicking of the printing trying to pull the tray.The feature set is good . And , when the printer produces a document -LRB- including a photo -RRB- that is very good . But the frustration caused by the dismal mechanics is rediculous . The mechanical engineer behind this created an over-complicated beast that fails more often than it succeeds .
 USB connection does n't work so I had to network unit thru router . CRAZY!@$#@#$!!! Software is useless , also connot operate using push buttons . I have spent at least 6 hours on phone with tech support in India . I wished that I had returned this POS while I still could ! Now I stuck with a $ 330.00 boat anchor . Please take away the star I gave it .
 I have been a loyal HP printer purchaser for many , many years -LRB- at the low end -RRB- . This is my first high end -LRB- i.e. multi-purpose -RRB- printer and this product is extremely disappointing . The unit I bought had many problems , so HP did swap it out , but the problems remain ... -- It seems that every time I turn around , one of the 7 ink cartridges is running dry . And they are expensive and not generally available -LRB- except from HP -RRB- -- The ink quality is poor and smears if the paper gets the least bit wet . -- The machine is very slow to produce the first copy -- The machine is noisy and runs a very noisy self check all too frequently . -- Print quality is not up to the low end HP printer quality.Now that I have the same problems with the second machine , it looks like we will need to go buy a different brand to replace this very weak product .
 As per my previos e-mails to amazon ... THIS ITEM ARRIVED IN PEICES . iT HAD NOT BEEN PACKED AT ALL . wRAPED VERY LOOSLEY IN BUBBLE WRAP ONLY . I HAVE BEEN DEVISTATED BY THIS LOSS . I HAVE WANTED AND NEEDED THIS PARTICULAR PRINTER ... NONE OF MY QUESTIONS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED . THIS ITEM CAME BY USPS THE WHOLE END OF THE BOX WAS MASHED IN AND THE WHOLE SIDE OF THE COMPUTER WAS IN SMALL PEICES . ALL PLASTIC PARTS BROKEN . IT IS TOTALLY USELESS AND UNFIXABLE . IT SIMPLY BANGED AROUND IN THE BOX ... VERY DISSAPPOINTED ...
 Echoing many other reviews here , this printer really makes nice prints ... when it works . The quality of the photos we 've printed was excellent , along with non-photo materials . However , it 's now become unusable . After the seemingly inevitable `` out of paper '' messages started appearing , we could get jobs printed by reloading the paper tray , but now seem to be unable to do even that.Incredibly disappointing , and coming on the heels of problems with the iPaq 1955 I 'm ready to swear off anything HP forever . DO NOT BUY !!!
 My old Lexmark died and the salesman at OfficeMax talked me into this one and it looked great based on the features . I have had HP products in the past that were fine . NOT THIS ONE ! From the get-go it was a lemon . Got thru to the CD loading -LRB- I still have 3 GB space on my HD -RRB- and it spent 30 min trying to load the `` last step '' . I figured some glitch , removed the installed software twice , and same thing every time . Trying to print pdf files was beyond belief difficult . They tended to use an entire ream of paper with gibberish here and there on the page . Tried to save the pdf file , then print -- same thing . Converting it to Word would give me 3 good pages then shoot page after page of blank paper at high rates of speed . Or it would take 40 sec per page of black document type . After trying over and over , on 2 different computers , to get it to work , I decided to return the piece of junk -LRB- unlike others who exchanged it for same unit , I had had it and wanted my old dead Lexmark to be resurrected -RRB- . I found an all-in-one Lexmark 7100 , at half the price , took it home , and it worked like a dream right out of the box . My strong recommendation , if you are considering this or the 3310 , is to run like hell and find something , anything , else . I ca n't believe anyone is still selling this .
 Installation should have been straightforward according to the crib sheet . Was n't thou as printer failed to even get past the initialisation stage without connection to anything but the power cord . Bummer !
 This printer has some great features , not least of which is the two sided printing , which is such a good idea it is difficult to understand why it 's not a standard feature on all printers.What a shame then that the HP photosmart 3210 does n't actually work . I 'm on my 3rd machine in less than 2 months , and that is going straight back to the store tomorrow , still in the box , for a refundYes , there are some glowing reviews for this machine , but , and call me a cynic if you will , I can only imagine that they must have been posted by HP public relations staff . It 's either that or I m actually in a coma and my life up to this point is in fact just a dream , or rather , as far as my experience with this product goes , a nightmare.Forewarned is forearmed - do n't buy it .
 As a copier and printer this porduct is very good but as a scanner it is the worst . It is slow , the scans are exteremly bad and the software just does not work . I have been using hundreds if soft ware over 35 years and HP just should quit .
 After struggling with this printer for the last 2 years , I 'm throwing it in the garbage tomorrow morning . It has been the most frustrating printer I 've used in my 25 years of dealing with printers . The paper never had fed correctly so you have to practically sit there and feed it manually . There are 5 dinky color cartridges of which at least 1 is constantly out of ink and it wo n't even let you print in black and white if one of the cartridges is low.There have been so many times that I wanted to smash this thing with a sledge hammer that it is n't even funny . It goes tomorrow !
 JUST MY OPINIONHI ALL , DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER . I have own mine for about 2 1/2 years ; and lately it is not stop paper jams or wrong size . Error messages.It was a once an a while deal , but now I can not count on it . Note I have changed paper stock several times and with only HP paper . I have maybe ran 1500 sheets of paper and maybe 80-100 photos . BUT and I mean BUT a good 1/3 of the paper were paper jam . WHEN this printer works , it works well ; BUT TO MANY PAPER JAM . I believe for the amount of paper ran through it ; it is not old ; just by the age . DO NOT BUY !!!!!! AN FOR YOU HP I WANT A NEW PRINTER !! FOR FREE OR I LEAST I BE WILLING TO PAY FOR SHIPPING . thank you for your time . you no believe me ; check the internet for the complaint ; it affects this unit as a whole .
 I owned an HP printer before this one and loved it -- until after about 1 1/2 yrs.and it began to have its own set of problems . I can not begin to convey how much I dislike this printer , which had all the features that I really wanted . It sounds like most of you have been luckier than I have , because right off the bat mine had a paper jam . I never , I mean Never , print even one page without pressing the O.K. button once , twice or even three times . I always have the paper tray full , so until I read all the customer reviews , I thought I must be doing something wrong . It is very slow , loud , and even vibrates at times . My printer is truly a piece of junk - would throw it in the trash except that I plan to get my money back . Wish I could have something positive to say .
 This printer was a giant mistake by HP , when it says I am out of paper , sometimes it is and sometimes it isnt , who knows , HP does ` nt.For a machine at this price range , it is pure garbage , it gouges the thinest glossy 4 x 6 I can find , I , ve even seen it gouge plane paper . It probably is not properly set , or maybe thats the best they can do.Using this thing is so ponderous , reading the instruction book is ridiculous , what it says it can do , it can , t.The software is horrible , -LRB- ok we all know that -RRB- dont even attempt to use this.For some time had an in HP 1610 all in one , I just ran it to death , it gave me thousands and thousands of beautiful prints.The ink situation is a joke , you buy their non black for about seven buck , they contain just 7 ml of ink , if you dare to print like 1 dozen 8 1/2 x 11 color prints in Best resolution , it will bankrupt you , Never again HP , never again , tomorrow monrning its Epson or Cannon , I , ll take the loss , no use calling HP again , waste of time , I think they know how bad this thing is.Very angry former HP customer
 When I had my first printer , my husband and I were blown away by the photo printing quality . Then , when I tried print on regular paper , and the screen said I was out of paper ... Then , I tried to print envelopes ... again it said I was out of paper . HP tech support said this had been his 10TH PHONE CALL THAT DAY reguarding the printer saying it was out of paper when it it not . So I exchanged this for a new one . Well ... same deal same error message . I will NOT be exchanging this for another HP . I am getting a CANON .
 First one packed up after 10 days , during the routine maintenance which seems to trigger every few pages of printing , so got a replacement from the store.Now I am stuck with the second one which always fails to feed the paper . Should have read those reviews before ...
 This printer worked great for the first hundred pages and the photo pictures look great . Unfortunately , as others have stated , the paper feed mechanism has quit working . Would n't recommend it to anyone .
 My only complaint is that I am unable to print anything . After 4 1/2 weeks of perfect pictures , reports , every media imaginable - I am now unable to print . Always reads Paper tray empty . I have sat on the phone with HP Support for 30 + minutes trying to remedy the problem . I was finally told that I must be using inferior paper . -LRB- What does that mean ? -RRB- I will return this printer today . This is my 2nd 3210 - the first one had fatal ink error and would not load the software .
 I 've owned this machine for about 4 months and it has failed to perform frequently . I 've spent hours on line and on the telephone with HP technicians who reassure me that they understand and that the problems will get fixed . We do manage to patch it up , until the next problem.Now the paper will not feed paper at all . The web site acknowledges that my machine is defective and needs a special kit for fixing it.I called for the fix and it took almost a half hour for them to jump me through their hoops until they acknowledged that I should get their kit , `` at no charge '' as of they were doing me a favor ! In the meantime , I ca n't get my work done , and I 'm losing money . HP is ready with their nice words , but words are cheap , and this machine has sucked out both my time and my money .
 I hate this printer . Plain and simple this is a turd . a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- piece of crap.Yes . . like many others I too have had endless paper problems . I CAN NOT get the paper to feed properly . Even after following advice here.ok . . so my 3-in-1 printer is now only a 2-in-1 . I long since put this piece of crap in the closet only to now need it 's scanning abilities . So I pull out my HP 3210 printer . Go to HP and download the correct drivers . . plug it in and hope to start some scanning with my 3-1 . . * cough * ... no 2-1 HP.Guess what ? Drivers lock up system . HP application locks up and repeatedly crashes . CNTL-ALT-DEL wont even work while this HP crap is on my computer . 5 trys . .5 reboots . . I give up . I deleted the HP crap software and Windows XP system is running perfectly again.I hate this HP 3210 printer . I detest it . I hate the HP software . I want to take this piece of junk to the shooting range and go crazy like in the movie `` Office Space '' .
 This printer is capable of producing high quality documents . But it frequently jams and requires surgery through the back door to get out tiny scraps of paper . Often I have to lift open the top door to get at the ink injector which gets hung up with paper also . The printer crimps the top left corner of every document.The scanner function works well and I have had no problems there.The fax capability is poorly laid out and has never worked.Overall , whatever cost you pay is not worth the frustration . I would spend my money elsewhere .
 If you plan on tossing this printer in the garbage after a couple years of use , do n't read this review , it should work fine for you , it prints nicely , scanner was trouble free , the unit was easy to use . If you plan to keep it longer , be sure and put an ink collector underneath the poor thing . When it gets older , it may start leaking , in our case the ink leaked underneath the printer and destroyed the fine finish on our Ethan Allen desk . The following symptoms will show up , the printed colors come out wrong , even after replacing with new HP ink cartridges , you start seeing ink splashes on your printed copy . If you look inside the printer by lifting up the ` hood ' you will see ink splattered on the internal deck . The ink leak failure could be associated with our efforts to get a better print by running the automatic print head cleaner utility , or the align print heads utility , but I am not sure if these were the cause . So , if you plan to keep a while , you may want to invest in diapers .
 This printer has driven me crazy repeatedly over the last few years . It has created a few nice photo prints for me , but that 's barely worth the time and trouble it has caused me . And I did n't even pay anything for it ! 1 . It 's always running out of ink , even when I 'm barely using it . Every time I turn it on , and sometimes more often than that , it cleans the printer heads with ink , wasting who knows how much ink . If one color of ink runs out -LRB- for me , it seems to usually be yellow despite the fact that I barely print anything in color -RRB- , it will not print anything at all -- even just black and white . This is super frustrating to me because I ship things through Paypal and need the printer for that , and I 'm often printing at weird hours so I ca n't just run to the store .2 . The printer maintenance occurs every time I turn it on , and sometimes takes quite a while .3 . I 've had some frustrating feed issues with it . It often thinks it 's out of paper when it is not.On top of those major reasons , it also seems loud to me , and it takes up quite a bit of space.I ca n't wait to replace this printer , and I would have already , but it seems like all of the printer companies rip off the consumers when it comes to ink . Next time , there is no way I will buy a printer that will not print with the black ink when the colors run out.I do n't recommend this printer . It 's not worth the trouble .
 This printer does produce some fine output . That is when it works . The paper feed constantly refues to load paper . The film scanner should have been left off all together -LRB- not worth using -RRB- . I have been looking everywhere for a recall on this unit -LRB- read ALOT of negative reviews -RRB- . I have been a long time HP fan , but after this experience I am going to look elsewhere . My advice is to NOT EVEN CONSIDER THIS PRINTER !
 9/30/2007 I bought this printer with high hopes - I ca n't stand it . YOU MUST KNOW WHEN IT RUNS OUT OF INK , IT GIVES NO WARNING , AND SIMPLY GIVES YOU NO CHOICE BUT TO CANCEL THE PRINT JOB . THIS CREATURE OF A PRINTER WILL THEN CEASE ALL PRINTING FUNCTION UNTIL YOU REPLACE THE CARTRIDGE !! NOT GOOD IF YOU ARE A STUDENT CRAMMING , OR SIMPLY IN A RUSH !!!!!!!!!! I do not find the quality of printed documents so great and the ink runs . I had a Lexmark Z31 laser printer -LRB- under $ 100 at the time -RRB- that yielded a much better quality print . I installed my printer with the disk provided , however when you attempt to use any features -LRB- such as help , scan to desktop etc. -RRB- it will tell you there is no program installed ! So great ! I need to purchase additional software for this printer for the use of the functions ??? I feel this machine is worth no more than $ 55.00 . In addition , the paper tray is very small , you can not use postcards or index cards , they get jammed . Any loose plastic parts are flimsy , mine fell off within the first 2 weeks -LRB- front tray for example -RRB- . On the positive side , it will scan a picture from a book and make a decent copy , BUT DONT TRY TO EDIT !!! Do n't waste your money on this printer !!!! 9/15/2010 - three years later , I feel the need to add and yet another reason to stay away from this piece of junk . Just yesterday , the printer informed me it could not print due to `` expired ink '' . Does ink REALLY EXPIRE ??!! This unit is an ink hog , every cartridge has been changed multiple , multiple times ; several people in our home print with this monster , and there is no way anything is expired . I hate this printer so much , the ` expired ink ' scam is my final straw . It 's out in the garbage for pick up . I will never EVER buy an HP printer again , and urge all to take warning !
 the photosmart printer never worked ... and when I notified Hewlett Packard about 2 months ago they said they would send me a new printer ... and I still have not received it ...
 This machine has brought nothing but misery since I purchased it . It continually experiences from paper feed problems which results in the machine eating up paper like a rottweiler.But the BIGGEST problem is that the machine simply dies after a while , with the printer screen stating that there is an `` ink system failure '' . After speaking to HP who are useless with a capital `` U '' , they were even baffled with this common problem . But what they are sure of is that if it 's out of warranty they wo n't help.For an extensive list of complaints about this printer , just head over to Amazon.co.uk and search for this product , where over 90 percent of the reviews complain about the same problem , yet HP still refuses to acknowledge there is anything wrong with this product.PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS MACHINE !
 This printer must have missed some step during the QA phase , since everyone who purchases it has the same problem . The damb thing wo n't load plain paper off the main tray.I called HP and they are aware of an issue with this and blame this on a firmware problem that they will repair . This is hard to believe since it looks to be a hardware issue . Regardless , my unit pass the return date at Staples so they offered to send a refurb , but then realized there is a 42 day back order on refurbs -LRB- a lot of complaints -RRB- . The manager then called me back and offered to send me a new unit within 5 days and this was acceptable . Not sure how the new one will fair , but I 'm sure someone will be getting my returned unit as a refurb soon enough.Go with another printer and save yourself a headache .
 I believe the HP-PhotoSmart-3210 All-in-one is great as a home printer , but I have not received the manual , installation CD and USB cable from Amazon / Tech for Less . After complaining they send me a copy of the manual . I bought myself the USB cable -LRB- $ 28 -RRB- but the printer ca n't be installed without the CD . When you buy a printer you expect to be able to install it after opening the package , is n't that right ?
 Scanning and printing photos is much lower quality than I expected for the price and features of the machine . Document printing is quick , however it takes 30 seconds to calibrate your first page , which knocks the 32 ppm down to 16 ppm or so .
 I purchased this printer 2 years ago to replace a much simpler color printer as I planned to do more photo printing and color documents . The software installation took two tries before everything was installed ... and that took a great deal of time . My husband could not install the software onto his laptop at all . He tried twice , but the installation froze and discontinued each time . The machine is quite large and heavy and shakes a great deal when printing so it is essential it be placed on a very supportive and sturdy desk or table . It seemed to operate well and print as expected for a few months , then the paper-feed issue began . It did not matter whether the paper tray was full or nearly empty ... but it would not feed the paper and displayed an Out of Paper message . It became necessary to gently push the paper-length guide to encourage the paper to feed into the printer . Eventually it was necessary to do this each time one attempted to print . I went back to the store and the tech people kept the machine and then returned it to HP and gave me a new machine . I once again set-up the machine and it worked for a short time before beginning the paper-feed problem again . It was checked twice with no real resolution so I decided to keep the machine until now when I am upgrading it and leaving the HP family . I have been a fan of the HP printers for years , but lately their quality seems to be suffering from lack of attention . The one thing that is really terrific is the individual ink cartridges that allow you to replace only the color that has been depleted rather than a single color cartridge . We 'll see what the new machine brings with it . Perhaps one day I will once again learn to trust the HP printers .
 The most unfortunate experience of this printer has been the knowledge that I paid full price for such a large paper weight.Despite one reviewer suggesting a helpful HP Support team , my experience has proved otherwise . After reading many reviews of this so-called printer , it seems that there is one common malfunction among them all . This printer does not detect paper and will not load paper.Despite the well known manufacturer defect , HP does not offer to replace the non-functioning item and only after several days of exchanging emails , they will only offer a list of approved repair shops . Hardly the responsible action one would expect from a company that has already explained to one reviewer that this problem is the result of a bad part supplied by a manufacturer they no longer work with.At full price , many other electronics can be bought at the same price and function much longer than a year -LRB- iPods , Cell phones , DVD Players , Xbox 360 , digital cameras -RRB- . Even with the concept that electronic items become outdated quickly , consumers still deserve quality for their money , especially in the midst of a possible recession . This is not a quality item and HP does not provide quality support for this item . Even with its now rightfully reduced price on Amazon.com , I still could not recommend this product even to my worst enemy.Thanks to my experience with this printer , I am now joining the many individuals whom constantly advise against buying HP products . Previously I always had moderate success with HP products , but I can not justify buying HP again , when I 've lost hard earned money on a piece of junk .
 I wo n't go into details on my specific experiences , but I 'll chime in with those that have complained about the software . It 's bloated , containing about 5 different programs that all pretty much get you to the same place . It 's unhealthy in that I often find myself having to kill HP processes while I 'm shutting down and they take entirely too long to start up . Worst of all it 's unreliable . I want to print when I want to print . I do n't want to have to reboot or futz around with configurations to get the printer to stop giving me errors.The hardware is solid which is the only reason it gets more than one star when I 'm going to throw it away while it still works just to get rid of my software problems . It 's a real shame.Oh yea , and the replacement will probably * not * be an HP .
 This product is a huge waste of money . I have owned numerous scanners and have been editing pictures for years . It is unusable for the simplist function without spending hours figuring out how to make it work . - The `` photo wizard '' - which I have not been able to find a way to bypass - will only allow you to print the preset sizes it offers . If all you want to do is stick your camera disc in and print standard size photos its ok - if you want to crop , edit , or adjust the picture in anyway - be prepared to spend hours of research , and trial and error . -- Good luck - I have pretty much given up . - Default sets to the slowest , most ink wasting speed setting every use . You have to negotioate numerous panels to select anything different - EACH print . Unbelievable waste of time and money - its over 100 dollars to replace ink cartridges - which have been wasted printing documents when you just need to print something quickly . - Deceptive sales practice - HP was selling the ink cartridges individually or in a package with reduced price - Only when the employees at Office Max alerted me to it - did I realize that the packaged ink have less than one quarter the ink that the individual cartridges held . Office max had so many complaints that they were warning everyone who were buying this type ink.I could go on - but you get the idea !
 I hate this printer , and I will NEVER buy another HP product because of it . A friend bought the first 3210 all-in-one for my birthday because the salesperson told him it 's compatible with Macintosh.It worked fine for about 3 weeks , and then it started paper jamming . I mean every piece of paper I tried to print , jammed in it . After a couple of phone calls to customer help , they sent a replacement printer and I mailed this one back to them at their expense . I begged them not to send me another 3210 , but they did anyway . After about 3 weeks of usage , guess what ? Yes , you guessed right - it has started paper jamming.Here is everything so far that 's wrong with this all-in-one -1 . The output tray is n't flat , but instead has some levers on it that are totally unnecessary but can not be removed . When the paper comes out of the printer , it catches on these levers and jams back into the printer . I have never seen such a poorly designed output tray as this . Every page I print that does n't jam comes out wrinkled because of it .2 . The place to remove paper jams is located at the BACK of the printer . So if you have your printer placed on a shelf with a backboard like I do , it is a real pain in the keister to get to the back of the printer to unjam any of the numerous paper jams .3 . Do not press the scan button on the all-in-one to scan images ! If you do , it will save the default as a huge tiff file -LRB- 2mb or more -RRB- and download it to only God-knows-where in your computer . Save your time , system resources and sanity , and only scan the images through the HP Scan Pro software that comes with the all-in-one . This at least allows you to manually set the size and type of file , and lets you choose where to save the image .4 . There is no way to get the scanned output images to default to jpg or gif files even with the Scan Pro software . The default is tiff , so if you upload numerous images to amazon or other websites that only accept jpg 's or gif 's , then you have to manually set each image to jpg or gif . It makes no sense for HP to make the default a tiff , when so few websites accept this image form .5 . It will not print anything off the internet directly . Anytime I try to print a web page , I get a `` communication error '' message . I have to save the web page to my hard drive and then print the page . I pay a lot of bills online and need to print the receipts . It is absurd that this printer refuses to print these receipts directly from the internet .6 . It is not too easy to use the many functions . It comes with a 140 page User Guide . I 've read novels shorter than this . I previously used an Epson all-in-one when I used Windows , and I was able to figure everything out with relative ease and without using the User Guide . The HP all-in-one practically requires a degree in technical engineering to figure everything out.I 'm sure there are many other faults with this all-in-one , but these are the ones that immediately came to my mind . The HP 3210 is a perfect example of `` Caveat Emptor '' - let the buyer beware .
 I have been a fairly loyal customer of HP printers but my experience with the 3210 put me over the top . As everyone else , after 3 weeks , I got the dreaded `` out of paper error '' when the printer was not out of paper . I returned my first machine and thought it was just a lemon and bought another . The second printer did the same thing . I called HP and also got the run around on the phone with advice to pull out and reinsert the plug in the outlet . -LRB- Be serious ! -RRB- . Naturally , it did no good . They promised me a new one but in over a month as it was on back order . After making a big fuss , I got one sooner and that one did the same thing - out of paper when there WAS paper in the machine . Called HP , and got another one . That one had a defective mechanism and the entire machine quit . You guessed it , machine number 3 came and that one corrupted my system and it would n't boot up as soon as I tried to install the software . And when I installed the software for the first machines , my cd-rom drives disappeared and problems caused me to have to bring in my computer twice for repair . This is a veritable nightmare and there is NO reason for it . And I now have a stack of 3 machines in the process of being returned . After reading the letters I checked the rollers and they are both black AND gray and none of them work correctly . My solution ? After swearing NEVER to buy an Epson , I did . I got an Epson RX 620 . I prints beautifully , works perfectly , installed with no problems and did not corrupt my system . HP should be fined for their incompetence and unwillingness to fix this and compensate people for their ruined equipment .
 We bought a 3210 on Dec 31 , 2005 , after doing a fair bit of research . I 've always liked HP printers . Unfortunately , this paper feed -LRB- roller -RRB- problem was not in these reviews yet . After a month -LRB- and probably not more than 50-60 pages printed -RRB- , we got the dreaded `` load paper '' error when there was plenty of paper in the tray . For a while you just had to hit the OK button on the printer and it would procede , but then it got worse and after a while it simply would not print -LRB- paper would not feed -RRB- . After spending many hours on the phone with HP -LRB- they told me they were unaware of any problems such as this -RRB- , they suggested I exchange at the store I bought it . I did . After about 2 weeks -LRB- maybe 20 pages printed -RRB- , it started again - `` load paper '' . Talked to HP again and they admitted there was a pickup roller problem on some of their printers -LRB- and not specifically the 3210 -RRB- . They told me I should exchange it with another store because maybe the store I had got my first and second printers from were part of a bad batch.After getting the runaround from the store , I just got a refund and I 'm currently looking at Canons and Epsons .
 I bought the HP Photosmart 3210 about 6 months ago . The print quality , scanning function , and copy funtion all passed with flying colors . However , those qualities come second to actually having the printer function as expected . I too started having a paper feed problem -LRB- as you can see from many , many of the reviews -RRB- . I am now on my THIRD replacement -LRB- remanufactured -RRB- printer ... and still having the same `` out of paper '' error when the paper tray is full . It takes me about 30-90 seconds to print one page , if the printer decides to accept the paper you put in the paper tray . I have come to the conclusion that the HP front loading paper technology has some apparent flaws . I just gave up on getting the FOURTH replacement printer offered by HP and bought a comparable Epson . I am sticking with the top-loading paper technology that I know actually works .
 After a week of use this printer wo n't feed paper . There 's a 2 month back order for a replacement -LRB- refurbished units -RRB- . An unknown source from an HP forum says the paper feed issue is a result of undersized rollers which fail to catch and feed for printing . I also heard the HP 3310 with fax capability uses a larger roller with no issues as the 3210 . . Be prepared to break out your credit card # in security for the exchange . BTW , it seems HP out sources there tech support overseas . To quote a tech support agent with an Indian accent , `` If you do n't return printer within 30 days , you 'll will be fined !!! '' Pure comedy folks ... update : An early replacement arrived despite the 60 day back order -LRB- prepaid label included to return old unit -RRB- . It looks brand new to me but I 'm betting it 's a refurbished unit . Upon removing the back panel I noticed black rollers opposed to the grey paper rollers on the previous unit . I 'm not sure what other parts have been replaced but it 's apparent to me that this was a hardware issue.good luck ,
 HP Photosmart 3210 All-in-One Printer , Copier , and Scannerlast resort for those where I am ... I had made up my mind to pitch this printer where trash like it belongs ... then like the Grinch that I am , an idea came to mind . I got a some sturdy photo stock and figured out exactly where the two rollers were touching the paper . I place double sided sticky tape over those spots -LRB- long enough to go an inch above and an inch below . I fed the paper in the tray tape facing up to hit the rollers . I taped the page to the tray -LRB- on top of about 20 regular sheets -RRB- so it would not feed . I removed the back panel in case the paper did feed it would not go into the print mechanism . I hit the `` OK '' button 6 times and let the rollers drag accross the double sided sticky tape moving the paper a bit , three of those times , in order to get some fresh sticky . I then removed the paper ... voila ... works like a champ ... so far ... I do n't know how long it will last . . but it saved the otherwise barely used printer from it rightful place in my garbage can .
 1 . Printer started scrunching the paper . called HP and they sent me a kit to fix the problem . -LRB- overnight service , great ! -RRB- . Anyway , I re-installed the drivers in windows XP , and the problem went away , so I never tried the kit . Their support has no clue .2 . Printer wo n't print and says there is no yellow ink . -LRB- All the other inks are still around 100 % -RRB- . I do n't believe that the yellow ran out so much faster then the rest . Now , the printer wo n't print/copy at all . Even in black and white , since it needs the yellow ink . Also , I ca n't just buy yellow . According to the support , the stuff they sell as replacements is different then what came with the printer , and I ca n't mix them . So , now I need to spend almost $ 80.00 on 6 new ink cartrages even though 5 of them are at 100 % !!! . I used to really like HP printers , but this is probably the last I buy .
 I bought the HP3210 to replace an HP all-in-one printer-scanner-copier-fax that died after only 2 years . The scanner head on my orignal printer would hang up and `` click '' on startup - an issue I have since read is not uncommon with that particular model . After numerous calls with HP support , they offered me the typical sell for an exchanged reconditioned unit , but I wa n't interested in buying someone else 's broken printer , so I decided to bite the bullet and purchase a new one . I had been really happy with the print quality of my first HP , so I decided to give them another chance.After only a couple of weeks with the 3210 , I started getting `` Out of Paper '' messages when the paper tray was full . I also started having intermittent issues with the copy function . I would place a document on the scan bed , press copy , and get a sheet of solid black ink -LRB- not the most economical use of an ink cartridge -RRB- . I called HP Support , and after 30 minutes of being put on hold , was told that I needed a new printer b/c the scan head was broken -LRB- interestingly , the same issue I had with my first printer -RRB- , and that , despite the fact that the printer was less than 90 days old , they could only send me a RECONDITIONED printer.So glad I spent $ 300 to avoid buying someone else 's broken printer.I called Staples -LRB- where I purchased it -RRB- and pleaded my case to the very nice woman working customer service , and although Staples ' exchange policy is 14 days on electronic equipment , they are making a one-time exception and sending me a new printer.Needless to say , I purchased an extended warranty through Staples , whereby they will repair MY printer or issue a gift card for it 's purchase price if I have any issues going forward.Very disappointed in HP . It 's bad enough that their product quality is shoddy , but they obviously realize this , as there appear to be a plethora of reconditioned printers at their disposal that they are only too happy to send to customers.I wo n't be buying another HP .
 I am on my second 3210 in a short time . First printer was extremely noisy and HP said to return it . Second was working fine for about 2 weeks but like all of the other reviews , paper feeder does not work and tech support was horrible . I am lucky that my 30 day Best Buy warranty is not up yet and will be returning it .
 I began having paper handling problems almost immediately . Some days I ca n't get paper to feed into the printer at all . HP is mailing me a replacement but there is a serious design flaw with the paper feed hardware on this printer . The new one will most likely have the same problem . At least HP honors the warranty . I just wish they had tested the printers better . I am without a printer for 3 weeks waiting on the new one .
 OK , received my first one of these as a Christmas gift . By Jan. 14 , I was back in Best Buy returning it - the scanner/copier bulb had frozen in place and ceased to work . Took the replacement printer home , all was fine for about 3 weeks , at which time the paper feeder decided to pack up -LRB- got the old `` paper tray empty '' message despite the stack of HP brand paper in it ! -RRB- Chatted to a tech at HP who said there is a `` known problem '' with the paper feed issue . Glad they are aware of this and apparently still selling them ! Anyway , they sent me another one -LRB- no doubt a refurb -RRB- and within 1 week it started playing up ! This time I get random error messages about either the yellow ink cartridge being missing -LRB- what ? -RRB- , or the ink cover door is open -LRB- huh ? -RRB- According to tech , plugging the printer straight into the wall will help solve that -LRB- what a joke ! -RRB- So far It 's an on/off problem and a bit of jiggling/switching the machine on and off tends to take care of it , but I have to say I am absolutely disgusted with this product . For close to $ 300 , I should not have to jiggle anything to get it to work properly . I have an old Canon printer too which is years old and still works like a dream ! I will NEVER buy or recommend HP printers again which is too bad as they used to be quality products . Do yourself a huge favor and take this printer out of your shopping cart RIGHT NOW ! I 'm bummed that I am well and truly stuck with this - I would exchange it for a different brand in a heartbeat !
 I , as with many other `` reviewers '' , thought I did my homework before I bought this printer ... what a huge mistake ! I paid $ 300.00 at Office Max and thought it was such a good deal for all of the features the HP 3210 had to offer . After the first one I brought home went totally crazy with error messages and never worked at all , I allowed myself to be talked into replacing it with the same unit ... Dumb ! It worked okay with just a few `` Out of Paper '' messages but as soon as the 30 days was up and I could n't return it to the store , the 3210 went from bad to worse and now three months in , I ca n't print at all ! Tech support is a total nightmare , they 're very polite , but I spent three hours on the phone performing all kinds of crazy irrelevant tests on the thing , only to be told it was a hardware problem and that department was experiencing so much call volumn that they would have to call me back ... that has yet to happen and I ca n't go thru another HP tech phone marathon to get nowhere again . We have decided to box this junk up and hold onto it until the extended warranty I purchased kicks in thru the store and I can then exchange it for something THAT ACTUALLY WORKS ! Do not purchase this printer !!!
 Had to give it one star BECAUSE THERE IS NOTHING LOWER.This printer was the answer to my printing dreams . For about three months , with LIGHT home use . Only fault at that time is it is LOUD . It will wake the dead . Which is OK , since the DEAD do n't have to print things that often , this is the perfect printer for them ... Other than noise , a faulty `` load paper '' error kept coming up.Then , the paper load went bad . It is very unreliable , and ink cartridges run out VERY QUICKLY and cost about 10 bucks a pop , Tonight , I 'm trashing it . Buying ANOTHER printer tonight!DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF TRASH !
 I like the features of the printer . But several things have turned me off . The software install took about 30 minutes . That was a bit longer than expected . It does n't read memory sticks through the network . Its attempt to determine paper type causes paper type errors with non-standard paper sizes like envelops . FINALLY , the paper does not feed properly over time . When I first got the printer , it fed properly . After about 3 weeks it began to miss sheets and complain that the paper tray was empty . It was n't . I 'd have to push the paper forward beyond the back of the tray to get the sheets to feed . This had to be done a sheet at a time . I finally took the back off and watched the paper feed rollers attempt to feed the paper . The rollers simply slip on the paper in the tray . There does n't appear to be any paper thickness adjustment to correct this . This problem has been very frustrating to deal with . I recommend not buying the printer . I feel that the positive posts will eventually turn negative after printing a few hundred sheets . I 'll never buy another HP consumer product . I 've bought HP computers -LRB- motherboard failures -RRB- , printers -LRB- paper feed problems -RRB- and scanners -LRB- software issues -RRB- and have various amounts of trouble with them .
 I have this unit on my ethernet network , and I am able to print and scan from my Powerbook G4 -LRB- Mac OS 10.4.4 -RRB- . But the results are unacceptably bad : Printing
 Do you want to print photos ? CAD images ? How about a multi-page PDF ? Well , if so , then avoid this printer . Yes , such simple tasks will not be possible . It has so little memory -LRB- just a guess -RRB- that it fails on nearly everything I send to it . As well , the same trouble with paper misfeeds , etc. you read about below are entirely true .
 Good prints but mine grabs multiple pages -LRB- wastes a tons of pages -RRB- and ink runs out way too fast ! Clearly HP is in the ink business not the printer business .
 This printer has proven to be one of the worst I 've worked with . It constantly wastes paper by printing a document halfway several times until it decides to finally correct itself . Also , I was excited about having the separate ink choices . When I went to print something in blue - it said I needed to replace the pink cartridge before I could print in ANY color . That is so ridiculous . I am mad at myself for spending money on a printer that is such a piece of JUNK .
 Was great for the first 2 months . A year later I can not print a single page without it grabbing and printing on 5 or so pieces of paper . The photo printer does n't even detect paper in it anymore , there goes that option . And by the way , none of this is covered in the warranty !
 I bought this for my wife Christmas 2006 . It would not install on her computer . Couple hours with HP did not solve the problem . Could have , should have returned it but it sat for months . I installed it on my new computer recently and I get a notice that there is a problem with the scanner so that is unusable . Then every time I go to print something it says it is out of paper . Usually opening and slamming the paper tray back in will allow one print , but same problem every single time I try to print a page!?!@?!.Only good thing to come out of purchasing this is the knowledge that a $ 100 printer works much better then a $ 300 one.Only positive thing I can say about this printer is that it is fairly rugged . After picking it up and throwing it against the wall 4 or 5 times it still works like a piece of x?@!!xAfter reading the reviews for this model it is an obvious gamble and a problem HP needs to recall .
 Had the unit for about 6 months now with low to moderate usage and these are my impressions : Irritatingly noisy for several minutes every time turned on.Every other time it 's turned on the machine is down for 2-3minutes doing `` maintenance '' . Scanning is poor.Document printing is barely acceptable.Photo colors are off and so far I have found no way to adjust.Goes thru yellow ink like crazy.Having a home copier is nice but I do n't feel it 's worththe trade-off in quality of the other functions.My advice
 This printer is good looking , may print fine photos or whatever and my only original complaint was the little paper tray that catches the printed sheet is always loose or falling off . That was my only little complaint before the nightmare began.ONCE I TRIED TO PRINT A DOCUMENT WITH A FOOTER , I NEARLY LOST MY MIND !!! I spent hours on the telephone with Hewlett Packard , then the Mac people and then Microsoft , then back to Hewlett Packard again . I logged around eight telephone hours trying to get this thing to work . It will not and no one can fix it . It turns out that this is a known problem . So only buy this printer if you never intend to print a header or a footer . I am exchanging it tomorrow , but the store where I purchased it is taking it back , not HP.This is my second HP printer with user problems . I give up .
 Bought the 3210 Xi and used it lightly but the printhead broke and its past warantee . I called hp to find where to have it repaired or get replacement parts and they said its not worth having it repaired and I was just upsold instead by someone with a thick accent and poor call quality ... hmmm ... . anyway we thought we were purchasing the best but I am SO tired of buying new things every time something g breaks . Where is quality and pride these days ?
 Your products used to be great , but now , to judge by the HP 3210 , they 're simply awful . As others have noted , they seem to be designed for maximum ink consumption , and replacement of all cartridges can cost $ 80 . This printer wastes paper too , as other reviewers have noted . It is constantly `` performing maintenance '' when you want to print . Working with it is so clunky and unpleasant that I have pretty much given up printing altogether . If this is what printers are like now , I do n't want another one and god knows I 'll never buy another HP anything .
 The HP3210 as well as the 3310 and a few other HP printers have a serious problem with `` ink system failure '' This came on for me after about two years . Look the error up and you will see countless people having this this same problem . Some of the people complaining about this error want to form a class action suite against HP . I will be joining them . Their tech support is terrible . I will never again purchase a HP printer .
 I had pens similar to these in middle school and was in love with them . I was so excited to see they still existed ! Well , my set was horrible !! They are not smooth , I have to constantly shake them for ink and then when the ink does come it 's a pool of blob coming out . Waste of money . Maybe I got a bad batch , but I hate them .
 The cover is very , very worn ; the leather cover has horrible crinkling 1/2 to 1 '' wide on front and back ; pieces of red leather fall fall off very easily ; corners are bent , etc. . The listing should have included this information !
 The phones are GREAT but you must be kidding me !! Buy a new complete set instead of getting robbed by this group .
 I have this phone set and was looking for an extra extension phone . Why are they ripping us off for a single extension ? It is better value to just replace your entire system with one that offers inexpensive extension handsets at a fraction of the price . This is a case of people taking advantage of others . No way they should be charging such a ridiculous price . I can get a brand new entire system for just another $ 25 that has fresh batteries in it and limitless extensions at a fraction of the cost of these thieves .
 Right out of the box the LCD screen was broken with vertical lines running across it preventing us from reading the screen .
 We did a good amount of research before deciding on this system for our small company . Despite the low entry price , the features are packed with all we needed including auto-attendant and ring group . We have not tested it with heavy calls yet , but it has been running smoothly so far.The configuration utility was fairly easy to understand and straight-forward . Our initial setup did take a couple of hours but a lot of it was setting up each extension and the groups . No complaints there ... Now to the part that was n't so good : The documentation is horrible . Although the set up was easy , it was because I was able to figure out the feature and the various configuration tools . The documentation for the product -LRB- both online and included with the product -RRB- are very basic , such as where to plug in the phone and how to check voicemail ; Anything more detailed means you are on your own.Unfortunately it got even worse when I had to call into their support . I have been calling them for the past two days with no success only to get their `` Tech Support Voicemail Box '' . Despite numerous messages I have yet to hear from them . I even went as far as to call their Sales line -LRB- where they pick up all the time -RRB- , but was quickly told by the lady that I do n't really have any other option but to keep trying , wait or figure it out on my own.So would I recommend it ? Maybe if you are looking for a low cost solution , but do n't expect TalkSwitch to be there once you give them your money.By the way , still waiting for them to call ...
 I wish I had not purchased this product . Each software update -LSB- requested by support before they will help -RSB- frequently produced a more disruptive problem to office work flow . The updates have been frequent and never offered any notable new features , only problems . The last software update changed the clock settings resetting the open to closed mode during office hours . The system is relatively easy to program , but became unreliable , requiring frequent reboots to reset unexplainable problems . The VOIP partners are not competitive for small business pricing and complicated to set up accounts . Programming the talkswitch software VOIP settings was not straight forward with two different providers despite the clearly documented instruction . The first VOIP provider selected eventually was nixed from Talkswitch support making support a major problem . Another VOIP provider was working well until a software upgrade and stopped working . Talkswitch and the VOIP provider support were unable to find the problem for several months , blaming each other . Eventually after multiple phone calls , a technician suggested a minor software setting change to get it working again . Hence , the only useful feature of the unit being the VOIP savings was not worth the time wasted to keep them working . Pre-programmed VOIP hardware phone adapters from non-partner VOIP providers were easier and cheaper , but limited the number of usable phone lines . The exponential cost for expanding analog lines made the system near useless . The flip screens for the talkswitch TS80 phones all shorted out shortly after the first year of use . Talkswitch support does try to help but requires much of your own time to capture software diagnostic data to determine the problem . Dropped calls after transfers became problematic for a while that they could not solve , but the problem disappeared after another software update . After several thousand dollars wasted and lots of frustration , I replaced the system with a more traditional hardware based PBX/KSU telephone system . Back to good old reliability.TalkSwitch 240vs 2 Lines 4 Analog/IP 12 IP Extension Small Business Phone System
 I have had four of these switches fail in eight years . Power to our space is protected well -LRB- we are tech people -RRB- . No other systems have failed in those eight years anywhere in the building . `` Repair '' is $ 500 plus the cost and headache of returning the item to a Canadian company -- customs concerns , issues , and costs . Works great until it stops working all together .
 In our business , phone is the most crucial tool we use . I 'm sure most businesses feel the same way . If you do , do n't buy Talkswitch . I 'll try to keep this short . We 've had our system for over a year now and it started out bad . Over the year , it got worse and worse and now we will be throwing into the garbage.Ever since we bought this , the outgoing volume has been far too low . Our customers always complained . Some hung up because they could not here us . Phone support - forget it . After a few minutes on hold , they ask you to leave a voicemail . I tried this once , they called back a week later . And they are never free enought to actually take your call . So I turned to email support . After about 30 emails over a period of months doing test , logs , etc. , they finally decided to swap out box out . Result ? It was the same . However , our old system comprised of normal phones and there was never any volume issues . Thus , it was obviously a design flaw in the the TS system . They kept blaming the phone line . So we complained to the phone line company , and the sent a tech out and found everything was working perfectly and good healthy volumes . TS refused to to anything further.After that , things just got worse . Network port on the phone crapped out . Started getting heavy static , echo . Now we get random beeps , call backs , lots of wierd glitches and buggy behaviour . Basically , the quality of the system is so low , it is not feasible for any business.All the features in the world do n't matter if your customers ca n't hear you .
 When I called tech support , I was told that I would need to update the software to 6.50 before they would even speak to me about the problems . Of course the update did not do anything to fix my problems and in fact created many more issues . Now we are dropping calls to and from our remote extension , many of the features that had worked before no longer function as they should - if at all , and the system randomly reboots throughout the day . After several unanswered calls I was able to reach Veronica in Talkswitch tech support . She was very combative and blamed the issues with the SIP trunks on the service provider , our in house connections and everyone else but the Talkswitch . We spent the next week checking the wiring in our offices and troubleshooting with the service provider , only to find everything was working as it should . When I was finally able to reach Veronica again , she said she could not help me with my problems because I was not using an `` authorized '' SIP provider . What ? Again she blamed everyone but Talkswitch . Several calls later I was able to reach someone else who offered a `` patch '' that corrected the problem with the system rebooting but created still more problems . Recently I left messages every business day for a week with no return call from Talkswitch . Their message says that they are experiencing heavy call volume do to the overwhelming response to the new 6.50 software upgrade . Yeah . I bet!We are currently shopping for a new phone system .
 bought this system and spent two days on phone waiting for support when i couldnt get it to work , they didnt help and so far its been another two days trying to return it ! Stay away from this company !
 Beware of these phones ! They contain a web interface that can accessed through the IP address -LRB- As do all Talkswitch phones -RRB- . The user name and password CAN NOT be changed on these web interfaces and the user name and password can be found easily on the web . The web interface shows ALL phone info including IP addresses , etc. . NOT SECURE !!!!! I SPOKE WITH TECH SUPPORT AND I WAS TOLD THEY HAVE NO PLANS TO CHANGE THIS SECURITY SET UP
 This system is EXTREMELY limited in terms of flexibility andconfigurations . I spent some hours reading all documentation and afterall configurations I made , I still feel very disatisfied . It 's realyextremelly limited.Its SIP connection/configuration -LRB- use of parameters -RRB- is not the standard , so IT WILL NOT WORK WITH ANY PROVIDER . Routing options are also a veryweak feature.Two stars is THE MAXIMUM SCORE POSSIBLE TO THIS SYSTEM.I 've been working with mixed phone systems -LRB- voip + traditional -RRB- for 4 ys . This system is theworst I ever tried .
 Can you post more images to see how it is ? How does the dial pad look like ? Is there call back button , what 's the ringer like ? Where do you connect the land line in ?
 I have had more powerful pencil sharpeners that were battery operated . This one sounds like the engine is going to burn up , but on the up side , it does n't oversharpen or sharpen up one side only . It does a nice job , just do n't overtax it .
 Pros
 This is a great address book , but you should know that the price coming out of the factory is $ 9.95 , not the higher prices cited in this listing .
 Good quality but a bit overpriced , as are all of the Moleskine products . The shipping cost was almost the same as the price of this item , so in the end , it was not worth it .
 I felt the product should be more clearly marked . For example stating that the item needs a special lithium battery , so that if the item was purchased as a gift as the one I purchased was , I could have also purchased the battery . This made for a very unpleasant Christmas for myself and the person I purchased the gift for . I can not rate this product until I purchase the battery .
 I am very not impressed with this product . The pages and stitches are flimsy , so the pages start coming out long before the book is full . I do n't know why these are so highly touted , maybe they used to be better than they are now .
 Its a shelf queen now . Its fine for ticket stubs , receipts but index cards barely fit in for hipster GTD .
 This company who sell the product , get very angry when you complain because you have n't received the product . Neither gives you a tracking number or any kind of help to let you get your product . You are not sure if you lost your money .
 While I love the idea of making storyboard notebooks , I did n't find this notebook very practical . While it was very portable - it fit in my pants pockets - the book was just too small to write anything down . Forget considering drawing anything in the pages ... 1 . not only are the boxes way too small and impractical for a filmmaker on the go , but2.the creases of the book binding are so hard to bend back that you really only get to write into part of the page.Good idea , but a little too impractical .
 When I first heard about the Storyboard Moleskine I was excited . No longer would I have to draw out boxes to illustrate ideas that I had for various design projects -LRB- posters , webpages , book layout , etc. -RRB- then when on a trip I found one ina book store I got even more excited . That is until I opened the sample book they had . I was shocked to find out how small the cells to draw in were . Maybe if I worked with motion graphics of motion pictures it would be useful as I could draw stick figures . But for layouts with text and images it was utterly useless . This is problably the first item I have ever not liked that Moleskine has made . This would be a great resource for me if only it were in the larger size .
 I ordered two of these books and only received one . The book is great ! Too bad I only received one of them .
 I normally do n't write reviews , but this product was so bad I have to give my `` two cents '' . I purchased this cash register to replace my old Royal cash register -LRB- 10 years old and still works great -RRB- . Touch screen programming is very general and can not be customized as much as I had hoped . Two days after using it in my store , the cash drawer stopped opening , then 9 days later the printer locks up . I returned it . Royal makes great cash registers , but does NOT know how to make touch screen registers . My employees thanked me when I told them I was returning it . I 'm forking out the extra money for a `` REAL TOUCH SCREEN '' register .
 I bought this for my business because it is touch screen but the screen is not that responsive . You need really tiny hands to hit the right item .
 Although it seemed to be a good bargain , this register is fatally flawed in that it has no VOID function , no NEGATIVE function or key , and no paper journal ; essentially your clerks had better be 100 % accurate all the time , as there is NO system for correcting or even finding mistakes after a sale is completed . How the people at Royal could have missed installing such basic functions is beyond me . I ca n't even ask , as there is also NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT WHATSOEVER .
 Like so many reviewers , I was extremely happy to find this product . I needed durable notebooks . When I received the Moleskine Small Ruled Notebooks I was very pleased with the design , look , and feel . The paper quality is good . I find it easy to write in.However , after just three months of use the binding began to break on one notebook . It pulled away from the spine and began to tear . Duct tape has saved it for now , but I am disappointed with the durability.The notebook lives in my locker at the gym . The notebook it replaced had been living a similar life for about five years with no such problem -LRB- it was a log book designed for outdoor scientific observations , but I could n't find a replacement on-line -RRB- . Perhaps I got a lemon , but I do know that the next time I visit a good University book store , I am going to seek out a quality lab notebook.Eric
 I have consumed more than half a dozen of these Moleskine pocket hardcover notebooks over the past few years . Overall I 'm quite disappointed in their long-term performance , especially for the price and all the marketing hype . I guess that 's what these come down to - pure hype . They tout names of famous writers like Hemingway and Chatwin almost as if they actually used their products . I know for a fact that Ernest Hemingway died before the Moleskine Srl * brand * of notebooks came into being . Sure , the old writers used to use `` moleskine '' or leather-bound notebooks , but they were handmade and undoubtedly of better quality . These are n't even leather bound ; they are bound with some kind of plastic simulated leather.The paper is of decent quality , but bleeds through pretty easily and frays at the edges.But the most irritating thing about the Moleskine Srl notebooks is the fact that the binding is as fragile as eggshells . Every single one of the notebooks I 've been through has required reinforcement by tape and/or glue before 1/3 of the pages had been written on . They just can not handle day-to-day repetitive use . The threads come apart , the pages work loose from the threads , and the faux leather binding cracks at the `` hinge '' area . Eventually the strip of paper in the spine that 's holding together the mini booklets of paper inside eventually rips and the binding just falls apart from within.I suppose the only reason I 've used so many of them was because I just wanted to a good notebook and they sure * seem * like they 'd be good when you pick one up in the store . Like Mulder on the X-Files , I really wanted to believe in Moleskine . And I wanted to give the product an honest chance before giving up on it . But now I 'm convinced they are not worthy of my good notes . Maybe I 'll use the ones I still have for mundane stuff like shopping lists or something . They COULD be a good notebook if Moleskine could just build a durable binding.For now , for my `` good notes '' that are worth keeping , I 'm switching over to the Leuchtturm 1917 pocket notebooks . I 'll go through a few of those and then write a review on them . So far , they seem much more promising even though the Leuchtturms have more of a `` perfect '' type binding and the pages do not lay flat like on the Moleskine . I can live with that , though .
 It 's hard to tell the difference from the description . The Moleskin I 've been journaling in for the last year has a softish cover so when I went to reorder I selected the soft cover . While it 's OK , it does n't have the resilience on what I now assume is the hard cover . There 's not any significant weight or other advantage that I can see so go with the hard cover if you want something that will stand up better - especially if you 're going to be traveling with it .
 Moleskines are oft regarded as THE classic premium notebook . The cover is soft , velvety almost , and the pages a pleasing muted ivory color . They come in many different varieties . They have a huge cult following of people , many who are amazing artists , more who just enjoy writing their thoughts or stories down for personal enjoyment . There are websites devoted to modifications and everyday uses for them . In short , when someone cares about what they 're writing , they 'll often write it in a Moleskine.So why only two stars?It has nothing to do with the Amazon 's shipping times -- which should n't be mentioned in product reviews at all -- or a need to troll people for liking them so much . If the notebook works for you and you love it , that 's awesome . And I used to be one of those people . My Moleskine in filled with story notes , front to back.But the allure faded when I ventured back into a hobby I 'd strayed from several years back , before I 'd discovered Moleskines . When I began collecting fountain pens again and amassing huge stockpiles of inks of all different types I discovered these notebooks ' Achilles ' heel.But let 's review some facts about them first : - The notebooks are manufactured by a company based in Milan , Italy . They are an Italian company through and through . - The notebooks are designed in Italy . - The notebooks have acid-free paper . - The notebooks are NOT manufactured in Italy , but rather in China -LRB- with a small number of notebook models being made in Turkey or Vietnam -RRB- . - The quality control of the notebook `` hardware '' -LRB- cover , bands , bookmark -RRB- is great . - The quality control of the actual paper is woefully lacking , And that 's where my problem with the notebooks lies.The paper in these notebooks is thin ; prone to severe feathering , show through , and bleed through ; and does not provide for much in the way of ink shading.Does this matter id you 're using a ballpoint ? Mostly no , though show through is bad with all types of ink . But even though ballpoint ink is n't absorbed into the paper , the pages are so thin that you can see right through them.Does this matter if you use rollerballs , gels , or -- as is the case with my main use -- fountain pens ? Absolutely.While the problems vary from ink to ink , feathering and bleed through with these notebooks is atrocious . If you 're using anything but the finest nib and the driest ink you wo n't be able to use the backs of the pages on which you 're writing . And if you 're a fan of inks that shade heavily , forget about it . The paper is far too absorbent to let any shading happen.The only inks I have n't had a problem with are very light ballpoint refills -LRB- specifically the turquoise Fisher Space Pen refills -RRB- . They 're light enough to not show through , and because they 're ballpoints the ink is n't absorbed into the paper.If you want some actual quality European paper in almost the exact same notebook form -LRB- and I mean almost exactly the same -RRB- , get aRhodia Orange Webnotebook 5.5 x8 .25 Lined . Rhodia paper is some of the best in the world -LRB- they 're owned by Clairefontaine , whose paper is to die for -RRB- . With the Rhodia paper you will not experience bleed through . You will not experience show through . You will be able to see the inks ' shading characteristics . And even the wettest blob of an inky line you can lay down will not feather . Yes , the Webnotebooks are twice the price , but they are one hundred percent absolutely worth it if what you 're after is actual quality , not a fad.However , if you write with ballpoints or pencil and not with anything that lays down a wet line , the Moleskines wo n't do you wrong .
 The moleskine is excellent . But the shipper sent the wrong size , a tiny one i can not use . The costs of return and exchange make that prohibitive , so i am out too much money and stuck with something IDW .
 I have never written a review but decided to on this product . I ordered these as gifts for my team at work . The covers are so flimsy that when I put mine in my briefcase it bent the cover . The paper is thin.The review that is titled Best PDA ever must be for the pocket version , not this product .
 I love Molskine notebooks , and I love the reporter notebooks ... but this one is not my favorite . After buying this one I realized that one of the main reasons that I like the Moleskine reporters is that they are easy to write on pretty much in any situation . Unfortunately , the soft reporter notebook is not as versatile as the original version . It 's still high-quality , but not my favorite .
 These notebooks are really popular for some reason and I do not understand it . The paper quality is very inconsistent and they are expensive for the quality . I have had two of these things and one had relatively smooth paper and one had horrible paper . If you write with a fountain pen this paper definitely is not for you . The ink with bleed and feather.If you want a nice notebook look into Rhodia and Clairefontaine ... their paper quality is consistent and just about the highest quality writing paper you can find .
 I have purchased several of these notebooks over the years . They were made in Italy with good quality paper that does n't &#34; bleed &#34; -LRB- I use a fountain pen -RRB- . To my dismay , the label on my recent purchase of this notebook said &#34; Designed in Italy/Made in China . &#34; The quality did not seem to be as nice as the older ones , and the paper does bleed , albeit slightly . I visited Moleskine 's website to see if there is any reference to their products being made in China . There was none , with a reasonable reader being led to believe they are still made in Italy . This notebook is not low priced -LRB- for something to carry in your pocket for notes -RRB- and there are many other brands , such as Rhodia -LRB- still made in Europe -RRB- , for less money and of at least equaly quality . This will be the last Moleskine product I purchase .
 I hate rating anything Moleskine lower than 4 stars , but I have to . As with the previous commenter , the entire cover fell off . I super-glued it back on , and it fell off again . Then I tried a hot glue gun , and it worked ... halfway -LRB- it is already half `` off '' again -RRB- . The bottom part of the little pocket in the back is splitting as well , and some of my little papers are falling out . This is my `` work '' notebook and stays there ; I do n't throw it around and carry it everywhere or anything . I 'll be getting a hardcover next time .
 I love the binding , but the strangely sealed cardstock paper of these journals does not play well with fountain pens . Beware !
 I needed a journal for an upcoming journey to South America and initially was going to buy Moleskine . Before I made a purchase , I happened to visit Powell 's Bookstore in my beloved Portland and found a similar journal made by a company called Ecosystem . -LRB- Amazon sells Ecosystem too : ecosystem Journal Blank
 The notebook , made by Modo & Modo , a firm created in the 1990 's , is fine overall . But the paper quality could be higher-I can clearly see the writing on the other side , no matter what pen I use . I find the elastic band unnecessary and an annoyance upon closing the notebook . The binding and cover are sturdy though . So overall , it 's a fine notebook , but nothing exceptional , and thus overpriced . There are other notebooks of similar format with equal or superior quality.So my friend 's enthusiasm for it perplexed me . To hear him , the `` notebook '' had just been invented ; a new tool was available . As if no one had used a notebook before . I soon discovered the trigger for this attitude was the proclaimed `` legendary '' character of the notebook , with past users apparently including Hemingway , Picasso , Matisse , Van Gogh , and others . The thought of using the same notebook as such intellectual giants was exciting to him , and unconsciously made him unduly pleased with his notebook.This claim perplexed me , as years ago I saw Picasso and Hemingway notebooks , and my recollection of them was different . Hemingway was well-known for writing on notepads or in `` blue French notebooks '' and you can find several references to this on the Internet . On the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum web site , you can also see a picture of Hemingway 's notebooks , which look just the way I remembered them , and nothing like the Moleskine notebook.Another claim by Modo and Modo is appearances by its notebooks in various movies . It claims the Grail Diary in `` Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade '' is a Moleskine . In fact , the diary is a prop made for the movie . You can see pictures and descriptions of it on the Indygear Web site . It has a soft , brown leather cover . The elastic band is loose , sometimes used horizontally , sometimes vertically . So the diary has nothing in common with a Moleskine.The Modo & Modo claim of legendary history is thus deceptive . Their trademark of the word moleskine is also suspicious . Years ago , many notebooks had an oilcloth , moleskine cover , then the cheaper alternative to leather for a durable cover . These notebooks were not superior to what we have today ; it was just what was available then . But there are many instances of people in the past , famous or not , using a moleskine-covered notebook . The trademark is a clear intention to be the exclusive beneficiary of this history . It 's akin to getting a trademark on the word `` leather '' , making notebooks , and claiming that anyone who used leather-covered notebooks used yours.Modo & Modo is evidently using a deceitful , manipulative marketing campaign that plays on people 's desire to have something in common with the legends . It claims a legendary history to get people unduly excited and affectionate of its notebook , promote sales , and command a higher price . Falling for this deception is certainly not the way to join the intellectual elite .
 I have used three separate Moleskine journals for light daily use . I typically jot notes to myself , including shopping lists , phone numbers , and other items . They are stored in my pocket or on a nightstand . In spite of light use , each of these journals has suffered from a split in the binding from the cover to the pages themselves . For the price you pay for these jorunals , they should last longer than a few months of light use . To be fair , I 've not had much luck with other similar journals of the same size , although they have been three or four dollars cheaper . I 'd love to see one of these with a more flexible and durable cover and binding .
 I have just received my Moleskine journal and am surprised at the size . This is not what a European would consider to be large . Large is A4 , this is A5 , therefore small . Very disappointing !
 The 2 Moleskine notebooks I received were not `` large '' - they were 8.25 '' tall , but only 5 '' wide . The Moleskine notebooks I prefer to use are 9.75 '' tall by 7.5 '' wide .
 Ink bleeds a lot.With less money you can buy a Mead with much better quality paper.I gave it a shot but it did not worked for me at all so ... back to my Rhodia again.After 2 pages went to the trash can ... Moleskine never again .
 I am extremely disappointed with my purchase . I have been a moleskine user for five years and I was excited to buy a new notebook . However , when I received my purchase , the bottom right corner of the notebook was scuffed and scratched , as if someone had dug into it with a knife . The black color looked like it was dug out and you could see the beige inside . The spine was also dented . No where on the product description did it say that this Moleskine used or pre-owned . I was under the impression that I was purchasing a brand new Moleskine notebook , but what I got instead was definitely not new . I am very unpleased .
 When I purchased the notebook I was expecting a regular sized notebook , one a bit smaller than a five star 1 subject notebook . Instead it is rather small and not worth the 12 $ I paid for it . The bindings were damaged on the notebook -LRB- pressed in and wrinkled -RRB- . The paper is rather good quality and the overall look of it is rather professional.All and all I 'd suggest going to staples and buying a nice notebook there . That way you can feel the paper and see the overall quality of the notebook .
 Pages not numbered , strap is cheesy in quality . I much prefer my refillable Montblanc leather notepad , pages tear oout easily or can stay in .
 I 've come to rely on Moleskine notebooks for work , personal use , for design mock-ups , and to organize the thoughts in my head . The hard cover ones add weight to a bag , so when I found out about the soft cover version , I was thrilled.That thrill did n't last very long.Because the notebook does n't lie flat , you have to crack the spine if you want to use the notebook on a flat surface . After doing that once , the cover came off . I tried using library binding glue to reattach my cover , but to no avail ; the cover just wo n't go back on.Not only that , but the back pocket in the soft cover version is n't as sturdy as the pocket in the hardcover editions , and it easily detaches from the back cover.All in all , these are only worthwhile if portability/weight is more important than longevity .
 The pages fall out and the binding fails after a couple of weeks in your pocket . Get the hard cover .
 There 's a lot of good to be said about the notebook , and Moleskine deserve credit for reviving this design which had nearly disappeared . The hard cover ... the elastic band ... the cloth bookmark ... the ivory paper ... the rounded corners ... It 's all good . I might quibble that the ruled lines are spaced a bit narrowly for my handwriting . It 's good with a EF nib pen , and it fits a few more lines on each page , but it 's a wee bit cramped compared with my normal handwriting.What really ruins it for me is the paper quality . I 've heard it varies from one batch to the next , and it sure seems like I got one of the bad ones . I found many combinations of fountain pens and ink are prone to ugly feathering and bleeding in it . With many of them it 's impractical to write on both sides of the sheet , which basically cuts the notebook in half from what it should be . TO BE FAIR , I found I could tame it by choosing the right ink -LRB- Noodlers Black -RRB- and using a not-too-wet fountain pen . Indeed , I would be willing to take this extra effort to adapt to this notebook 's quirks if there were no better alternatives out there.Recently , though , other companies such as Quo Vadis and Rhodia have come up with their own moleskine-style notebooks featuring high-quality paper . They cost a bit more , but I figure this type of notebook is a premium product to begin with . In the future I 'll give Moleskine a miss and spend a little more for a better notebook . -LRB- Being able to write with confidence on both sides of the page means I could actually come out ahead on cost too . -RRB-
 These books are nicely bound , but the paper they contain is sealed and does n't work well with fountain pens . Beware !
 Yeah , Moleskines have a cult following among those of us who journal or otherwise love a good notebook , but that following is largely undeserved . Moles are overpriced , poor-quality products . Their paper is thin and cheap -LRB- except for some of the specialty books , like the sketchbook -RRB- , they cost about three times what they should , and really the name is all that you 're paying for . Piccadilly makes an essentially identical product for a much more reasonable price . Do n't waste your money on a Moleskine unless you 're one of those trendoid nitwits who has to have the designer label on everything .
 I love these notebooks , but why does the manufacturer use toxic chemicals to make them ? It is completely unnecessary . Why injure our health and our environment when there are other non toxic chemicals that could be used for the same cost and effect ?
 I bought Moleskine notebooks back in the good old days before the small French quality manufacturer got acquired by the current company -LRB- I think it 's an Italian mega consortium who does n't give a fly about notebooks or paper . -RRB- That resulted in the company moving their manufacturing to China and marketing the brand to keep high profit margins.Now , who cares about the brand , when the most important part in a notebook is the paper quality and the bounding . I have to agree with most people who complain about the paper quality in the notebook
 I love Moleskine . But this latest large ruled journal had darker ruled printed lines on the page . This is the first time I 've encountered this . I use my ruled notebook as a sketch book too , and the dark lines are too pronounced to go with any sketches or drawings . I have Moleskine sketchbooks as well . But I draw in all my Moleskine journals . If this is a change , I request you put it back the way it was . If it 's a quality control thing , then here 's the Quality Control # D00506T from my journal . I will continue to buy Moleskines . But I like the ruled lines less pronounced .
 If you are buying the amazon stanley glue gun -LSB- ... -RSB- do not buy these . They DO NOT FIT PROPERLY . Bes ure to double check and save yourself some wasted money .
 This product was OK , but I did not want it . I ordered the glue sticks along with a glue gun . When Amazon informed me the glue gun would not be here for Christmas I canceled my order for the glue gun and tried to cancel the glue stick order . Since the glue sticks were coming from a differenct third party I was not able to cancel the order . I wound up paying more for shipping of the glue sticks than they cost and did n't need them .
 Bought from echo - not as pictured . Cheap silver junk . Buttons dont make any sound when pressed , the face does not light up . Very poor - dont waste your money on this ... . spend a few dollars more and you can get much better product .
 I am using lap top . With compact disk provided , I can t install it .
 i ca n't use this with Vonage , there is no info to try use this item .
 This advice applies both to the lined and the squared notebooks
 I 'm sad to say the new books are visually distracting with the move from faint squares in the old printing to dark squares in the new printing . I 've sent a note to Moleskine hopefully they can do something for me . I really ca n't use the new printing style.Overall solid quality book , with great design expect for the printing . I prefer to use a mechanical pencil for notes , now the squares are darker than my writing . This really is n't usable for me any longer . Had I known this was going to happen I would have bought 10 of these prior to the printing change .
 A BRAIDED nylon cord is always better than a TWISTED nylon cord . So the good thing is that this nylon cord IS braided , which is better for strength and unwanted stretching/expansion is less likely compared with a twisted nylon cord . -LRB- Those twisted nylon cords have a tendency of unraveling after awhile . -RRB- This particular product is advertised with the capability of a `` Load Limit '' of 230 pounds . Yet on the `` Made in China '' product label , it clearly states that the recommended `` Work Load '' is 172 pounds . Nothing on the product label says a Load Limit of 230 pounds.I pointed it out to the vendor , who in turn tried to get clarification from the manufacturer/distributor . After a few weeks , the vendor , to their credit , offered me a refund . However , I will keep the nylon rope but will not use it for the original intended purpose -- I 'll use it for a much lighter work load.Consequently , ff this product was advertised with the correct weight limit , it would have received a 4 star rating .
 I found the light very disturbing for my eyes . I now only like Full spectrum white lights . I recommend it highly.Also u can pick this GE light at Walllllmart for $ 9 . -LRB- here it killed me for $ 33 -RRB-
 Less than 5 months ago , I bought 2 , GE 12257 Bright sticks to replace the two I bought the year before . Those previous two had died . The first of the last two purchased last April -LRB- now September -RRB- has also died . Perhaps , I should start looking for some alternative .
 The only way to mount this light is with the included mounts . Niether one would hold the light . Do n't waste your time and money !
 Crappy , cheap construction . Looks fine and worked only for 3 months before the bottom ring failed to close .
 This phone is a neat idea executed horribly . Generally a poor user interface . Very poor call quality - echo and static -LRB- even standing right next to the wireless router -RRB- . Sound quality is abysmal , everything sounds tinny and flat . The worst part is the charge lasts for almost no time , I just used it with 80 % charge showing and it died 12min into the call ! No warning that the battery is low.Save your money . I hope the next generation of wifi VoIP phones get a whole bunch better .
 I bought this phone for the main factor of it being wireless . The phone itself was not bad , however it would constantly loose our wireless signal and drop the call as well as signing out of skype . I would then have to reconnect to the network and call the person back . This was very annoying . Most of the time it would do this in 40 min intervals but sometimes it would do it more . I am not sure why it would drop the signal as our laptop sitting in the same room would still be connected . I felt the phone was not worth the 150 so I took it back disapointed .
 I bought this phone cause i travel a lot and moved to Milan so i thought talking with my family back in the states would be easy and cheap . - i bought 2 . gave one to my mom and home and brought one to barccelona on a trip to test it before i moved . I couldnt connect anywhere the entire time i was in spain . if internet is locked , than the phone is useless . I then brought it to Milan and the only place i could use it was in my apartment . Irt works if you have wireless , but there is an annoying delay ... like when you used to call overseas 10 years ago . So thats annoying . Its cheap though . REALLy cheap . But then the phone broke after 4 months and now its useless.I bought a cordless skype phone for my sister and its WAY better . i reccommend that one to anyone buying one of these . Since this phone doesnt work when you are outside your house , the cordless phone is a way better option.thats my advice . this phone is too expensive for the -LSB- ... -RSB- that it is !
 I have been very disappointed with this phone . The screen is too small , it is impossible to tell if it is on -LRB- the screen goes off and there is not indicator anywhere . The battery life is short . It does not connect to my home wifi network -LRB- I have tried everything I can think of -RRB- but the biggest problem is the inability to click through the acceptance screen that more and more wifi spots seem to use . I would say I can only use it successfully about 20 % of the time max . I would wait for the next generation , or two ...
 This phone comes with no charging cradel . To charge the phone you must plug a USB cable into the phone . The charging connector on the phone is not easy to plug into and is not meant to have a USB cable inserted into it multiple 100 's of times . I 've seen the same charging connector on GPS units ruined from too many insertions or ruff treatment while charging.There is a one year warranty and the USB charging connector is sure to suffer damage.Funny thing is , the phone is outfitted with charging contacts for a cradel . Why does Belkin build functional charging contacts into the phone and not sell a charging cradel ?
 Lousy battery life . Ca n't get through a conversation that lasts longer than about 1h . The phone does not even indicate that it is running out of power . Also annoying
 Although a great concept , it is not yet well executed . The menus and set up are quite a chore even for a techie , because entry of all the technical details is through the slow telephone keypad -LRB- imagine SSIDs and passwords and other details all through a telephone keypad -RRB- . This means that if your time is worth more than five bucks an hour , its not worth the savings you get to enter all of the information , UNLESS you are just using this on one or a few networks all the time . Even for that , I still found it so discouraging that I have not used it . The first one 's screen broke just having it in my luggage , so not sure how durable it is . The second one had the same problems as the first one . So ... not recommended .
 I was very disappointed to read all of these nice reviews on this product . Out of the other candy-bar style Skype phones , this looked to be the winner . I am attempting to connect to an Airport Extreme Base Station with WEP security -LRB- tried both 40bit and 128bit -RRB- . The phone simply wo n't connect . I bought this for my parents so that they would have a simple , no-nonsense skype setup . Something that would be less complicated then using their computer to make phone calls . Well , back to the computer . The bugs have n't been worked out yet and if you need to connect to a network that requires a ` terms of agreement ' form -LRB- uh , most of the hotels and airports and public wifi requires this -RRB- you are SOL . Wait six months and try again when they hit version 2.5 .
 As most reviewers I had similar problems with this phone : - poor sound quality , very annoying echo-short battery life-phone disconnecting from network or freezing-phone looks amazing on pictures-in real life is rather cheaplishly made ... anyway I returned back to the store.Don ' t buy it , wait for next generation
 Against my better judgment I ordered this first generation product , and unfortunately even my low expectations were not exceeded . With an otherwise nice handset and serviceable interface , the phone 's software is unreliable at best . Battery life is extremely short , which is ok , at least for me , because I keep the phone close to my computer for charging anyway . There does seem to be a problem with the phone locking up and it appears to happen when the batter gets low . Frequently I hear the `` disconnected from network '' sound which means the phone has lost connection with wireless network -LRB- all of my other devices/computers are still connected -RRB- . Just this moment I could n't actually re-connect to my network , even after recycling the router . It took re-starting the phone -LRB- again -RRB- . Voice quality on calls is ok , but do n't expect the same quality you might get on your headset using Skype on the computer.All in all , caveat emptor on this one . My advice is to wait for the next generation . Here 's hoping they update the firmware on the current one .
 I agree with some of the posters on here . The phone feels real cheap and the buttons are hard to push . The battery life is bad . I leave the phone hooked up to the charger and if I make a call - you have about 30 mins of battery before it dies.Phone call quality is good and it does interfase with Skype well . If the phone was 49.95 - it say it was good deal . It is no way a 150.00 phone .
 I bought this phone from Amazon in January . I had high hopes to use this product even the reviews were mixed . I tried this phone all over the world on different network configurations and different types of calls . The biggest problem with this device is the inconsistency with the call quality . Sometimes the phone will be perfect on a call and other times it will have echos , feedback , cuts , etc. . I would claim to be a techie and solve most of the problems , and for whatever reason , its not the network -LRB- since my computer on Skype can have better call quality than the phone -RRB- , but its the phone.I have to give this product a 1 star because I can not rely on it at all . I end up having to use my computer which works much better for Skype than this phone . I might as well thrown away my money . Still waiting for a self contained wifi skype phone that is reliable and has the call quality as my computer .
 The phone looks really nice . But it works terrible drops connection , you can hear echo , you can hear with a daily . I own Linksys CIT200 , even thou is not Wi-Fi its USB much better has even speaker phene Belkin does n't . Do n't buy . You will be disappointed . I just retuned it because was fed up .
 I 've had this phone for a couple months and it is functional , but I would NOT buy this product again . The phone is VERY finickey about staying connected to a STRONG wi-fi signal onle feet away . I usually have to reconnect and redial several every few minutes during a conversation ... which is VERY annoying!I was hoping for a firmware update to help solve the connectivity problems , but the last version is from 2007 which tells me this product is not well supported from Belkin.I suggest shopping around for another product ... my lesson is that there is a reason why this phone is CHEAP on some sitesGood Luck
 This phone is worst.Calls always drop.Very often restarts itself.Tried with many routers.Same affect.Do not buy it
 Aside from the display looking and working like a cell phone from 7 years ago , this Skype phone is CONSTANTLY disconnecting from my wireless network . It goes through these periods where it disconnects , connects , disconnects , connects , disconnects , connects , disconnects for about 10 minutes straight , a few times a day . Really annoying when I 'm trying to sleep and it basically turns into an alarm clock , making the disconnect/connect noises over and over . It 's also annoying when I get disconnected during a call because of it.There 's nothing wrong with my home network . I live in a small one bedroom apartment , I 'm using an Apple Airport Extreme , and none of my other devices have any trouble -LRB- Windows XP PC , Macbook Air , iPhone and PS3 -RRB- . I do not recommend this . Try one of the competing phones , instead .
 I have had this phone for almost a year now , and rarely use it , because no matter what type of router I use it constantly drops calls . Even in areas with bad coverage , my cell phone is more reliable than this . I originally intended it to be my work line , however , that was n't an option due to the fact it only stays connected to a call about 40 % of the time . Do n't waste your money .
 this phone just keeps on dropping the network i have e-mailed numerous times to support at belkinand tried to call with no luck at all tech support over e-mail say 's reprogram the phone and i keep telling themI have and it is still the same so much for support belkin get a life I am going for the philips
 I bought this phone from Frys in Texas . Worked wonderfully -LRB- after I figured out how to get the display language into english - it was set to korean and that was 1 hour joy -RRB- . However the phone worked great ! Loved the ease of use and THEN nothing . I have charged it for 3 days and it does not turn on any longer . I then researched this problem on the web and found that other users had the same problem and that Belkin is aware of it . Hopefully fry 's will take the phone back and give me my money back so that i can buy a better phone . I really love the skypage !
 Most men dont read directions . The stupid phone has no built in mic and needs a head set . afters an hour of screwing around i found the answer on the internet . I will be sending it back , also the battery life stinks
 The phone takes 3 hours to charge ; its connectivity is impressive , it connected with WEP protected office and home accounts , and open library and cafe accounts without a hitch . Set up a Skype account , and bought 1 -RRB- the unlimited subscription for calls out to US/Canada landlines , and 2 -RRB- a phone number for receiving calls , with voice mail ; both were confirmed by Skype in e-mail and on my account on my computer . Receiving calls and voice mail work fine , BUT the main thing I hoped to accomplish , calls out , ca n't be , at least not without setting up a further money account with Skype , which wo n't connect calls , without a pot of gold to charge you by the minute . Apparently , the calls-out subscription is worthless ! When I try to call out , the phone starts to connect , then a message comes on screen that my account is low , and would I like to add funds ? I went to their site and entered a description of the problem , which I thought would be simple for them to fix , but have received no reply , nor have they effectuated the subscription on my Belkin . I would urge anyone thinking of getting this phone to check the forums on Skype , since this problem is not unique , and occurs with both the unlimited worldwide calls out subscription and the US/Canada one I `` have . '' So
 I never tried any other skype phone but after reading reviews and reviewing netgear and other phones I purchased two of these phones.Everything was kind of what expected and I was impressed by the phone but as i used it more , i missed lot of sms as this phone did n't support it . Other thing i did n't like was the phone getting hot at the ear piece side after half an hour or more ... i know that cell phone connected to adparter while talking get hot but this thing was getting hot without the wire connect , it is weird that it is getting hot for just being used and that was one major reason for my return .
 Two weeks ago when I started my fone Skipe he came on the first screen and went to second -LRB- welcome to Skipe , sign in to call for free -RRB- and got stuck there.I can not even move on by pressing any key.I wonder what 's wrong and if you have any solution.I bought the Belkin skipe 18 months ago . I think he should have worked longer.Update on 07/22/2001 , with a copy of information for BELKIN.BELKIN , Calvin Clark , Maisha Carter and Suhail SattarTechnical Support Escalation AgentsBelkin Technical SupportRef
 My boyfriend got this in March 2007 when we decided to use Skype instead of a landline . So most of my review is just for home use . I also do n't know if there 's a better phone out there . -LRB- I hope so -RRB- First this phone truly does not deliver.It : - has a short battery life-shuts down while you 're on a call-resets on its own for no reason-shuts down while you have it plugged in , so everything rolls to voicemail-clock does not reflect daylight savings , it 's always off-people from the other end hear echo-while my laptop shows very strong wifi connection , the phone shows two bars maxI still gave it some stars because I like the idea of a WiFi phone . But really , it makes me want to have landline phone !
 If you want to talk with a delay and with an echo . . this is the phone for you . I was not to impressed by it . Battery power is good for about 4 calls and half a day tops.The mini usb charging is pretty cool and the phone connect to wifi easy but over all value drops when I got ta talk to people like its a cb radio and the other person has an echo .
 This phone is a great idea but is very poorly executed ... you ca n't login to networks where you need to confirm a key via the web ... as it is the case with most hotels.Additionally the most recent firmware makes the phone very unstable , every 10 minutes in a call it just switches itself off and you can be lucky if it does n't forget you network key ... can be really annoying.I will try to return the phone even though I like the concept and the idea . The only way I will keep this phone is if Belkin comes up very soon with a new , more stable firmware .
 I was pretty excited to see this product on arrival . I just wish I had the chance to test the product instore rather than taking the punt and believing the hype in the Belkin marketing speil ! It does not perform anywhere near as well as my laptop configuration . Reception is dismal , battery life poor , contatc downloading is extremely slow . If I was not stuck out here working on a yacht I would have great pleasure in returning the item to its rightful complaints/public relatiopns department.Pity , because the concept in theory is excellent , the implementation however is a long way from being superior to the laptop configuration .
 Looks that it connects and can call out fine but after 10 minutes you are lost . . No matter if you upgrade firmware , issue persists.Don ' t buy it .
 This phone looks good and was easy to set up but the lag in the conversation is painful . My normal skype on my computer is fine but when I use this wireless phone there i noticeable lag and sometimes an annoying echo .
 Phone locks up frequently , loses connection with wi-fi network and Skype , keys are cramped , has poor battery life , and has no speakerphone . Firmware upgrade has not helped . I also have the Netgear skype Wi-Fi phone , which is not perfect but definitely better than Belkin . For Wi-Fi and mobile Skype access , Netgear is definitely a better choice . Personally , I will not buy Belkin phone again and do n't recommend to anyone.To replace the home phone line with a Skype phone line , Philips VOIP8411B , which plugs directly into the router is really the best way to go . I have used it for almost a year now and it works great . The call quality and battery life is far superior to wireless Wi-Fi Netgear and Skype phones . Philips also work with a regular phone line and will not become a brick if Ebay decides to change the terms or service of Skype in future , as they have already increased the rates for Skype-In service.Dealing with Skype as merchant is very difficult and you would think that since Ebay owns both Skype and Paypal , the process of payment will be seamless , but it is not . They will keep rejecting your payments several times before it is accepted.GE has also produced a Dect 6.0 Skype phone which can be plugged into the router without the need for a PC but I have no personal experience with it.But you will definitely regret buying this unusable Belkin Skype phone , as I have and I would not recommend buying it .
 Nice idea , but no speaker phone , and the earpiece volume and ringer was too low to keep it .
 The phone came with old firmware -LRB- September -RRB- , was working pretty good , but when I was online , my friends see my as offline -LRB- and all calls were forwarded to my cell phone -RRB- . So I decided to upgrade the firmware to the newest one from Belkin website -LRB- December -RRB- . After successfull upgrade the issue was n't fixed and unfortunately it started to restart/freeze at least once per day . The volume keys are not working sometimes , the charge icon shows charging when it 's not . Belkin support is horrible , after making about 5 calls , I finally get to the lady who wrote down alle the issues and promes to forward the to level 2 technical support , did n't heard from them till now .
 The sound quality of Skype via Wif-fi with the Belkin phone shows 2 serious problems
 A Skype wifi phone , that works without the need of your computer , not tethered to anything is a technology dream . I thought this would be an excellent phone . I 've had this phone for 2 months now and it has only disappointed.Everyone I call tells me there is an echo . Everything they say is echoed back to them . They 've told me this is completely annoying and unacceptable quality . If I turn the volume all the way down the echo disappears , therefore it seems to be that the echo is the sound of their voice coming out of the ear piece and being picked up my the mic . I ca n't hear them well enough to talk with the volume all the way down , so the only other solution is to use a hands-free ear piece in addition to the phone to thwart the echo.It never rings . it drops calls frequently . There is a large delay that makes conversations confusing . Sometimes it freezes and the only way to restart is to remove the battery , which is extremely difficult . Other reviewers have noted how it is almost impossible to remove the battery cover.My 5 dollar headset on my laptop makes excellent quality Skype calls . This phone does not.don ' t buy it . You will just send it back for a refund . However note the date of my review and check if these quality issues have been resolved . I do n't think they have .
 This product is the worst . I should 've read the reviews before getting it . Plug-n-play ... not even close . Would not connect to my LinkSys router even with my settings as wide open as Lindsay Lohan . The user interface is clumsy and the tech support was a joke . When I started asking some tough questions about the device , the poor guy on the other line I think started to cry . Anyway , I bought the NetGear SPH200w and it worked right out of the box . Excellent job , nicely done . User interface was intuitive and setup was a piece of cake . I am an IT guy and I probably could 've forced the Belkin device to work but that was not the point ... the point was that Belkin represents this product as something my technophobiac parents could use and that is simply just not true . Again , get the NetGear .
 This is a terrible phone I wasted my time twice , thinking the first one I got was just a lemon and returned it . The second one arrived and the sound quality was the same as the first phone . Each conversation I had on the phones was basically one-sided , I could hear the other person but they could not hear me . The phone was extremely easy to connect to my att installed wireless router and took less than 2 minutes to get it working and downloading my Skype address book . So after getting the second one that was doing the same thing I thought that it might be my internet connection speed . I so I ran a speed test with my notebook in the same location as the phone and the speed far exceeded what Skype requires , in fact when I use Skype on my notebook it works anywhere in my house perfectly . The phone is a great concept , and I would like to find one that works just as good as using Skype on the computer . It seems that several companies are selling the same phone with just a few minor changes to the case , so I am not sure if it is worth wasting my time and buying a the same thing , but by a different company . As far as I am concerned , unless lightening strikes twice , this phone is not worthless .
 I was very disappointed in the phone and the support is abysmal . I do n't know why I should have to load a firmware update from 2007 on a new phone . The phone disconnected from my wi-fi every 10 to 15 minutes . The battery life was only 3 to 4 hours , so not much good as a wireless phone . Overall a very poorly implemented product which sadly does n't seem to have had any improvements since release a few years ago .
 Terrible audio quality , thin and tinny with a persistent buzz in the background in any environment . Often had difficulty in logging into open access points . A great idea for a product , but a very poor execution .
 Mine had worked OK . Sounds fine . However , there are very few places it connects . It wo n't connect if a username and password are required , no way to enter those . At many open wifi spots it gives a can not connect to the Internet message . It will only connect in very few places . Beware .
 I had this phone for 2 weeks and the battery life is abysmal . Left it on overnight and it was dead in the morning . Call quality was ok if you happened to be 5 feet away from your wireless base station . any further than that and you will get problems.Nice try Belkin , come back when you have a product that works . I swapped this out for a Netgear SPH200D . $ 10 more - but 150 % better user experience .
 This tool is good only in an unsecured netwek zone . Public zones i.e. , airports , hotels etc. , you can not access . This make the phone fairly useless .
 this phone constantly drops calls for no reason , often multiple times within the course of one call . This problem was not related to my internet connection as my connection on the computer never varied.the sound was also tinny and echo-y to the callees.I returned it to Amazon and ordered an IVEPO skype phone instead for essentially the same price and it is excellent , great sound quality and no dropped calls .
 I 'm pretty tech and web savvy - and the phone DOES work ... but absolutely not as a home phone replacement . Its a gadget , and be prepared to fiddle with it often . It also drops calls 50 % of the time , even when I 'm well within wifi range . It does work , but not well enough for $ 100 .
 Quality is poor -LRB- echos , time lapses between words -RRB- . Would not recommend to anyone.Would return it if possible .
 BUYER BEWARE !! This phone is horrible . There is a 5 second delay between the call connecting on your end with the person on the other end . So , because of that many times the person on the other line will hang up . I tried two phones and called tech support . Was told by one rep that there would be a firmware upgrade to fix the known problem . Called today and was told no such firm ware was coming and they blamed the delay on Skype . I do not have such a delay problem when I use SKYPE on my computer and with a different brand phone . So again , buyer beware !!
 The phone is just okay . . Not nearly as good as calling through the computer . . it drops calls all the time , even if you are standing next to the router . It also freezes all the time and has to be reset to work . With that said , for the price it 's ok . Nothing to write home about , but it 'll do .
 I consider myself a gadget freak . I have the latest LCD 1080P TV , Tivo HD , PS3 and Wii . But , I just could not get this Belkin phone to connect to any network other than my own wifi network . I can call using my own wifi network in the same room to the same person and he would say that my call from my computer sounded better than the Belkin phone ! The Belkin phone had an echo on the receiving end on every call ! Save your money and look for something else .
 I ordered this and then returned it about a month later.Set up was easy enough and everything seemed fine . The phone appeared to have connected to Skype just fine.However , about half the time , if someone would call my Skype-In number , the phone just would n't ring and their call would go straight to voice mail . It could have been a defective unit , but for some reason the product just did n't work for me .
 While I have given the belkin repeater/range expander a very good rating , this item is not worth even trying . As far as the hype ` we have tested this phone and it is clear as any landline ' the person who tested was either lying or needs a hearing test . Difficult to connect to networks that are unsecured even though your signal strength is high , the tiny buttons on the phone and the Terrible Quality of the audio which sounds just like my regulat skype usb phone that I use w my laptop.Because I complained of the bad quality of the reception and audio , the ` level 2 tech , another so-called tech from India or Pakistan suggested I do a firmware upgrade which I did right w the tech on the phone ; after doing this the phone was even worse , sound cutting in and out , and even worse muddy audio . They offered to send me a ` replacement ' for ` ruining ' my phone but they wanted to charge my credit card first before shipping a ` new one ' -LRB- I doubt that -RRB- to me . So I told them I would be posting some bad reviews , and here is one.DON ' T TRY THIS BELKIN WIFI PHONE , you will be sorry .
 I purchased this phone when I got a skype line at my new apartment . The phone came quickly which was great because I was using my line through my laptop . After a year I am still finding this a disappointing purchase , for almost $ 200 I would like the phone to work . It drops calls a lot and is always disconnecting from the wifi . I have also noticed that it holds a lower charge then my cell phone . If I even want to make one phone call I have to make sure it has a full charge because if it does n't it will go dead during the call . My friends have a cheaper version of this phone , and are very happy with it . I thought this one would be just a little nicer so figured I would try it , but I am not enjoying it .
 I waited and waited for this phone to come out . I wanted to use at home so the hotspot features mean nothing to me . The phone looks great . It setup really fast and started working in minutes . The screen and menus look great . However ... The echo is HORRIBLE ! It 's not a software or Skype issue , it 's a design flaw in the phone . The earpiece volume is so low you have to crank it up to full to be able to hear the caller . The mic is very sensitive and not insulated from the earpiece internally so you get this tremendously loud and annoying echo . Do some searching on the Skype forums to verify this known issue . You 'll get the exact same problem with SMC phone -LRB- it 's the same phone -RRB- so do n't bother with that one either.Also the keypad is cheap . My daughter has a toy phone with better buttons . Plus it randomly -LRB- seemingly -RRB- connects and disconnects from the network . I have the new Belkin N MIMO router and a - very strong - signal through my whole house so I see no reason for the connect/disconnect issue.I wanted soooo badly for this phone to work . It just does n't . I 'm returning mine today . Please do n't waste your money .
 Let me just list the problems
 If one does the math , paying for SkypeIn and SkypeOut will be a lot cheaper than the lowest-priced VoIP service in the US . The only issue is getting a reliable and feature-packed phone that works with the service.I bought the Belkin WiFi phone because it was on sale , and I had long been on the fence about whether to get it or the Netgear SPH200W -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Netgear-SPH200W-WiFi-Phone-Skype/dp/B001492T5U -RRB- . The reviews were almost equal for both , so I decided to go with the Belkin as it looked sleeker . The unit does look pretty , like one of the latest mobile phones . It 's very light , although that may turn some people off , as it almost feels like a cheap toy phone.Setting it up with my wireless router was a breeze ; it was just a simple matter of entering/selecting my SSID , encryption method , and password . Once I was online and entered my Skype details , it immediately showed me how much money I had left on my SkypeOut account . The interface was plain but very functional , the layout was not cluttered . The quality of incoming and outgoing calls were just as good as that on my landline.There are three things , however , that in my opinion brings all these positive points down : a. short battery life - I found that I had to charge the phone everyday if I made calls and every other day if I did n't . That 's not so bad considering that it 's common with a lot of today 's cellphones . But since you 'd want this phone always connected to your wireless router -LRB- unless you take it out and pray you 're always in a hotspot -RRB- , it would have been better if this came with a charging dock -LRB- which brings me to the next point -RRB- ; b. lack of a charging cradle -LRB- The Netgear SPH200W has this so I might try that out next time . -RRB- c. instant message / chat - In this day and age of SMS -LRB- texting -RRB- and since Skype on your PC and Mac does IM/chat , you would expect that this phone would be capable of that too . Unfortunately , it 's not.For my purposes , I 've got 3 options
 I made the unfortunate mistake of purchasing this phone without doing research , but since I have used other Belkin products and have been satisfied with them , I figured that I would not go wrong . Well , I was wrong , and plan on returning this product as soon as I can get to the store where I purchased it . These are my complaints :1 -RRB- The battery life is very short .2 -RRB- The phone does not connect to a wifi network that requires web based authentication . That includes wifi networks by t-mobile and Starbucks coffee shops . So if you have a t-mobile wireless plan , dont expect to connect to it using this phone . Also you cant use a free wifi in public areas that require you to agree to some code of conduct before giving you access to the wireless network . This includes most parks in New York City , and other large cities .3 -RRB- There is an awful echo that the person you are talking to hears when he/she speaks . This is annoying to the other person .4 -RRB- The volume level is extremely poor . That means that even in full volume , when you are using the phone in a busy street , you will have a very very hard time hearing the other party .5 -RRB- The ring volume is also low , but not a serious problem.Positive things about the phone :1 -RRB- The charger is very compact .2 -RRB- The phone can be easily transported in a suit pocket .3 -RRB- The phone looks good .4 -RRB- The phone is a great idea that no doubt will be developed into an even greater idea .5 -RRB- The phone is very easy to use , and connects to a home wireless network without difficulty .5 -RRB- You can use the phone while it is charging . This is positive given the short battery life of the phone .
 I purchased this to replace a vonage phone , which despite working well was just too expensive for a Voip phone . The idea of a wifi phone is great , however the belkin implementation falls down on : - very very poor voice quality on anything but a perfect high speed link -LRB- awful compared to vonage or skype on a PC on the same link -RRB- - very short battery life -LRB- though at least it is USB chargeable -RRB- - No skype messaging support -LRB- not even receive -RRB- - No software updates for 18 months to fix the above -LRB- appears to be a dead product -RRB- In addition the user interface is pretty clunky . I would stay away from this product and use one of the cordless products instead - they work much better . Hopefully someone will implement a decent wifi skype phone soon -LRB- or implement a decent client for the iphone !! -RRB-
 Belkin Wi-Fi Phone for Skype with Boingo Hot Spot Manager -LRB- F1PP000GN-SK -RRB- I was pretty excited to see such a product , but should have known that it was n't going to perform well . I manage a corporate wireless network and am well aware that wireless technology in general is still in its infancy and is ridden with problems . I also know that most companies release products too early in their quest to beat the competition to market . I guess getting there first is better then getting there late and having a solid product . Hopefully this will change someday!Anyway ... my thoughts above fully state my view on this product . Specifically my issues were with constant wireless disconnects -LRB- which obviously hangs up calls -RRB- , the phone kept losing my settings -LRB- such as the saved wireless network information , Skype sign-in information , etc -RRB- , it hung completely a few times to the point that I had to remove the battery to get it running again , echos on the call , complete distortion on the voice to the point that I had to call back and ever time you turn off the phone , it deletes the history of calls.I worked with Belkin tech support for over a week and used the phone on multiple wireless networks and experienced the same problems on each of networks.Again ... it just feels like I paid to BETA test their product !
 Even if the battery are 2/3 or fully charged , I only used this phone to talk for a couple of minutes , the phone lost all of the power and shutdown . The ads says this phone can last 3 hours talking time or about 2 to 3 days standby time . The actual standby time last less than 24 hours and lost the power and turned off completely . When I made phone calls , the other side can hear their echoes , and the voice quality is bad . The earphone jack does n't work . It dropped internet connection many times and it need to search the network at home but can not find the network . I have to manually search the network and relogin . every time I need to reenter the password even though I specified that I want to save the ID and password .
 The phone concept is good , but the extremely slow software -LRB- even after updating the firmware -RRB- makes it useless . Yesterday I broke the phone in two pieces and throwed it on the bin.To make a single phone call could take upto five minutes , as the phone freeze and does not respond . If it ever works the quality is in most cases very good.Not recommended .
 I had this phone about almost a month , got a replacement by Amazon . But I am still having problems with it . First time , the volume adjustment dead screen made me replace the phone . I got the replacement , but it disconnects frequently that sometimes makes you feel like throwing it away . I am a loyal customer of Amazon . I think Amazon should not sell this kind of product to ruin its reputation . I would say , if you want to talk on skype , just buy $ 10 wire headset and enjoy your conversation . Do n't waste money on this . I just got a replacement and do n't want to degrade my amazon credit for this kind of product , but it is 100 bucks . I might return it .
 its all in the title . Nice to say Amazon arranged for ups to pick up and after awhile I received a full refund . So no lasting damage . my replacement was the Netgear unit . Sorry unable to make comparison .
 the battery lasts no more that 1/2 hour.the software in the phone is very very slow.the system often -LRB- very often -RRB- get stucked.in order to connect the phone to a wireless at home or everywher it needs a lot of configuration .
 I purchased it recently , but I returned because it did not meet my expectation . I usually use Skype with PC , so I was very excited that I could comminicate with my collegues with Belkin Wifi phone without PC . I tried connection several times in home or shopping mall , but I never conneted with my family or collegues . Therefore , I returned it , but the return process is very slow and I feel little choky . I sent it by post about 2 weeks ago , but I did not have any notice for return status and can not track it in Amazon internet site .
 This is a useless product . The calling quality is terrible . I use my itouch in the same network and the quality is 50x better . It really is a joke that Skype is even worth anything as a business because in general the call quality is so low ... but with this handset it really is unusable.Also , the 30 minute skype out voucher it came with - does n't work . Have been on phone with Belkin customer service for 30 minutes , the indians have no idea what 's going on.Finally , it does n't work on other networks . Only your home network , this is because most networks require a web browser to login . Which this uselss device does n't have.Complete waste of money.Use your itouch/iphone instead .
 This thing worked great while it was plugged into the computer , but that is not why I brought it . I have family over seas and use skpye quite a lot . It worked great for a few months as long as I could get an open WiFi connection . But it all went down hill right after the warranty expired . Now it will no longer hold a charge . I have brought a new battery along with an external charger thinking it was just not charging fully while in the phone , but to no luck.I could have brought a standard USB phone for much less than what this thing cost .
 I have used the regular Skype system for many years and thought that using the wi-fi skype phone was going to solve my problem to make phone calls during my travels out side the U.S.On june I bought the the Belkin Skype phone and went happy to my vacation trip -LRB- France and Italy -RRB- . Well ... and guess what happened ? During one month exactly that lasted my trip , I was not able NOT EVENG ONCE , to use this phone ... It was impossible to get connection anywhere.Now I use it at home ... and the only difference is that I spent 120 US$ . . to make calls from my own home , instead of headphones , but for travel unfurtunatly did n't work at all
 After I updated my Belkin Skype phone -LSB- ... -RSB- I was asked to restart this phone . When I restarted my phone , Only the first page -LRB- Belkin -RRB- is shown up . It ca n't be turned off , either .
 I bought this product to use as my primary phone despite the reviews listed below . The main complaint people listed was that you can not log onto Wi-Fi networks that have web-based authentication , and the weird thing where it gets hot when you talk on it . Neither of those things seemed too troublesome to me , so I figured I would give it a try . Truth be told , this device actually is terribly sub par . If you plan on using it to make phone calls , consider some alternatives.Here are my beefs :1 . Reception is not good enough for the phone to be useful . At home I have brand new airport express , but just one or two walls away , the phone fails to have usable reception -LRB- drops calls , cuts in and out , digital distortion , etc. -RRB- , even when other devices -LRB- iPod , laptop , Gameboy , etc. -RRB- have no problems with connectivity or lag .2 . The overall construction of the phone is very cheap . The plastic feels somewhat flimsy , the screen is quite small , and the `` 7 '' , `` 8 '' , `` 9 '' , and `` 0 '' keys were so flimsy that just out of the package they barely worked , requiring either an excessively firm punch or several attempts.There are some better options out there however . My recommendation is to go with an iPod Touch 2nd generation . It is considerably more expensive , but certainly worth the investment as it has so much functionality -LRB- it is essentially a micro mac , the thing is super useful for checking email on the go and doing whatever else your heart desires on the internet -RRB- . You can purchase either Apple 's mic and headphone combo or an adapter and download Skype for free . I recommend the adapter linked below as it is cost effective and in my opinion works better than the mic on Apple 's headphones . There are still some bugs to be worked out with this combination -LRB- sound quality w. mics could be improved a bit , reliability of Skype software on the iPod still needs some work though already the updates have made some significant leaps -RRB- , but given the demand , I am sure their resolutions are n't too far off whereas this Belkin thing is not upgradable.Apple iPhone Stereo 3.5 mm Audio Converter w / Microphone For iPhone 1GGood luck dodging the cell phone giants !
 It would be great if this worked well . The battery meter is n't accurate ; it actually jumps around every so often , sometimes saying it 's 3/4 full , sometimes 1/4 , always `` Full '' when I try to charge it , and every so often it dies without warning.The buttons are n't hard to push , but much too easy to enter too many ; I often type too many of a letter , and end up deleting more than I wanted when I try to fix my mistake . It does n't have any intelligent software to sense how many times I meant to push the button , I suppose.I also ca n't get the screen to shut off . It has a screen shut off option in the settings , and I have it set to `` 1 minute '' , but after an hour it wo n't go into standby . This I expect is a problem unique to my phone , but it 's very frustrating.Otherwise , I like the actual working parts of this ; I do n't need my computer on , it feels nice in my hand , and I can go scouting the neighborhood looking at the names of people 's wireless router networks .
 After been a long-time Skype user I was looking for a phone that would give me more comfort that using a headset on my PC . I have 3 major issues with this phone : - I know it did not had a cradle , but the battery life is so bad that I keep it on charger all the time . - The quality of the sound is good , but the volume is too low for People to ear me properly - Most of all the wifi connection keeps breaking . Sometime during the call , sometimes without even using . and this with the phone resting 3 feet from my router ...
 This product had bad reception from the beginning . It lost the connection very easy and the software did n't support multiple calls . After 2 month usage it froze , have n't gotten any help . A friend of mine got one almost at the same time and it ended up the same .
 Cuts out constantly ... not a good phone at all . I wanted it for my business phone and I can not even use it because it cuts out all the time for no reason . Even with FULL BARS wifi reception . I promise you that this is the worst phone ever !!
 I used a cheap USB Skype phone that I purchased for < $ 10 and it worked great . Quality was great and never a dropped call . But I would like to have a WIFI one without depending on the computer being on . So I purchased this one since it was certified by Skype.The phone worked somewhat , but the quality was real poor and not comparable to other connected USB phones and wired headsets . And forget about comparing it to a landline or a cell phone . I tried it at home -LRB- cable ~ 10mb down / ~ 1mb up -RRB- and work -LRB- DSL ~ 5mb down / ~ 1mb up -RRB- and at both locations , the phone quality was subpart . It dropped calls a few times too.Actually my < $ 10 USB phone sounded better than cell phone , and almost as good as my landline.I would n't recommend it . I returned it after a few days of use . Good thing AMAZON.COM has a great return policy and service .
 I bought this product but returned it . Technically , phone works fine ; however , its ring tone is too low and I felt that was going to be an inconvenience . So I sent it back . But like I said the phone works fine + it was easy to make it connect to the router .
 The reception on this phone is very poor , even in my house which has very good wireless connection . The battery life is also poor , lasts about 1 hour . I would not recomend this product .
 Even if the battery are 2/3 or fully charged , I only used this phone to talk for a couple of minutes , the phone lost all of the power and shutdown . The ads says this phone can last 3 hours talking time or about 2 to 3 days standby time . The actual standby time last less than 24 hours and lost the power and turned off completely . When I made phone calls , the other side can hear their echoes , and the voice quality is bad . The earphone jack does n't work . It dropped internet connection many times and it need to search the network at home but can not find the network . I have to manually search the network and relogin . every time I need to reenter the password even though I specified that I want to save the ID and password .
 I have been using Skype for years now . I appreciate there excellent service , and that they are an honest contrast to the ridiculously expensive internet telephone companies . We have terrible cellphone reception where I live , and this phone was a chance to solve that problem . In the first two weeks , the phone worked as it was supposed to ; although , it does not have the new Skype-beta software , and does n't download all the history as any computer would . In the past week it has frozen-up on me twice . -LRB- I had to remove the battery -RRB- , has been giving messages of its inability to hook up with open Wi-Fi , or announced that no networks were in the area . -LRB- this was in my house -RRB- . I am not a wealthy person , and expected that a product at this cost , that was produced by Belkin , and endorsed by Skype would be of much higher quality . I will have to make time this week and see if Belkin has any answers . Meanwhile , I am once again attached to my computer for reliable Skype usage and feel that I have wasted $ 160 .
 I have been using this for a month by now . The concept is nice but network environment is not supporting this yet . I bought this anticipating to be useful for FREE ! wireless internet connection on conference travel or business trips , such as hotels , campuses , airport etc. . But any of them were not satisfactory -LRB- although my environment is not bad . probably one of the world 's best -RRB- . I can hardly find free WiFi spots on the street or campus from Korea -LRB- one of the best internet environment on the world -RRB- , Japan -LRB- Kansai airport -RRB- , New Zealand -LRB- streets of Auckland -RRB- etc. . Really disappointing!Furthermore connection range from AP is too short -LRB- 10m or less -RRB- . Now I am only using it in my office through my own wireless router which is located near -LRB- just 1 meter away -RRB- my desk.About hardware performance , you can not expect it to be a normal mobile phone . Too far away from it yet.If you are not one of the early adapters of IT devices , please wait for some moments until it 's hardware and environment can be much better than now .
 Wow ! What a great phone this COULD have been ! It looks great ! Too bad that 's about all it does . Not a `` plug & play '' item here folks ! After much tinkering and several days of trying I finally got it to work on my own since Belkin support did n't have a clue why it simply would n't connect to my 2wire wireless router . -LRB- Hint
 Bought this just before a trip to France , in hopes of saving on the hotel phone charges . I could n't sign on in the airports in Chicago , Philadelphia or in France . It also did n't connect to several wifi networks throughout Paris , despite finding them.Didn ' t get it to work once during the week-long visit . It 's going back .
 The notebook , made by Modo & Modo , a firm created in the 1990 's , is fine overall . But the paper quality could be higher-I can clearly see the writing on the other side , no matter what pen I use . I find the elastic band unnecessary and an annoyance upon closing the notebook . The binding and cover are sturdy though . So overall , it 's a fine notebook , but nothing exceptional , and thus overpriced . There are other notebooks of similar format with equal or superior quality.So my friend 's enthusiasm for it perplexed me . To hear him , the `` notebook '' had just been invented ; a new tool was available . As if no one had used a notebook before . I soon discovered the trigger for this attitude was the proclaimed `` legendary '' character of the notebook , with past users apparently including Hemingway , Picasso , Matisse , Van Gogh , and others . The thought of using the same notebook as such intellectual giants was exciting to him , and unconsciously made him unduly pleased with his notebook.This claim perplexed me , as years ago I saw Picasso and Hemingway notebooks , and my recollection of them was different . Hemingway was well-known for writing on notepads or in `` blue French notebooks '' and you can find several references to this on the Internet . On the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum web site , you can also see a picture of Hemingway 's notebooks , which look just the way I remembered them , and nothing like the Moleskine notebook.Another claim by Modo and Modo is appearances by its notebooks in various movies . It claims the Grail Diary in `` Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade '' is a Moleskine . In fact , the diary is a prop made for the movie . You can see pictures and descriptions of it on the Indygear Web site . It has a soft , brown leather cover . The elastic band is loose , sometimes used horizontally , sometimes vertically . So the diary has nothing in common with a Moleskine.The Modo & Modo claim of legendary history is thus deceptive . Their trademark of the word moleskine is also suspicious . Years ago , many notebooks had an oilcloth , moleskine cover , then the cheaper alternative to leather for a durable cover . These notebooks were not superior to what we have today ; it was just what was available then . But there are many instances of people in the past , famous or not , using a moleskine-covered notebook . The trademark is a clear intention to be the exclusive beneficiary of this history . It 's akin to getting a trademark on the word `` leather '' , making notebooks , and claiming that anyone who used leather-covered notebooks used yours.Modo & Modo is evidently using a deceitful , manipulative marketing campaign that plays on people 's desire to have something in common with the legends . It claims a legendary history to get people unduly excited and affectionate of its notebook , promote sales , and command a higher price . Falling for this deception is certainly not the way to join the intellectual elite .
 I set aside money to buy this pen , I love fountain pens and I felt it was an extravagance for myself and from everything that I read this retractable fountain pen seemed to combine everything good and at the same time elimnate the problem of the uncapped nib bleeding ink everywhere . It was a great plan , unfortunately the pen is scratchy and squeaks as you write . Yes , SQUEAKS , it 's as if someone was scratching their nails on a blackboard . I held out some hope that this just needed a little use , wrong I wasted my money , and for me that is somethin . I am so disappointed in the company and the relaibility of the other reviews concerning this pen . Live and learn . Do not buy this , if you enjoy writing and value your money , then dip your fingernail in an ink bottle and start scratchig , it 's cheaper to buy a disposable or a shaeffer , anything else . I will try and contact the manufacturer and if it is a one time thing I will certainly rewrite my review , I am not counting on it though .
 EXTREMELY overpriced . They are just flags , nothing special except that they are a bit slimmer than the post it flags . Not worth it .
 Over priced , WAY over priced . -LSB- ... -RSB- . They also had arrows and where translucent . The post it flags are much much better , and much cheaper . These are not as good even remotely .
 the stand was much smaller than I expected . I guess I should have been able to figure it out from the dimensions , but the picture makes it look much larger than it really is . Also , the wheels were missing .
 I ordered this as a gift , which unfortunately I ended up needing to return . I 've been emailing the seller Smartlife Online for over a month but have not received a single reply .
 I 've never reviewed a product on the web before , but recognize the picture of the Brother Intellifax 1960c and write to try to spare others the time and frustration of having to deal with a machine so poorly conceptualized , designed and built that its problems are too numerous to catalogue . Never mind the money ; do n't subject yourself to having to deal with the machine .
 I have been using Brother products for several years and I must say this one was a huge disappointment ... Here 's why :1 - The machine literally spits out whatever paper it is printing -LRB- whether fax , print report or photocopy -RRB- and instead of leaving it on the tray , it ends up on the floor . Bad design ? 2 - Message center is faulty . As said by another reviewer , Brother ca n't seem to get it right because it records everything from a call . By that I mean that if the caller hangs up , the machine does n't cut the incoming signal like it should and as most answering machines do . This is why you end up with those long tuuut-tuuuut-tuuuut-tuuuut-tuuuut-tuuut-tuuuut ... or even the operator 's recorded message `` if you 'd like to make a call , please hang up and dial again '' . What ? I was the one they called ! 3 - This one does n't have a scanner , so forget about having an all-in-one if you choose this machine . Besides , what 's the use of a colour copy option if you do n't have the scanner ? 4 - I found the wireless phone to be less accurate than the corded one on my previous model , the 2440 . Besides , I have issues with all the wireless phones because they `` die '' when the electricity goes out and they do not grant you any `` reasonable expectation of privacy '' . Without getting into too many details , the fact is that anybody with a little skill can hook up to your conversation in all impunity . Not a problem if you do n't care , but if you are in the middle of a contract discussion or talking to a client , you might think twice about using a wireless , just in case.In short , I got this model because it is a Brother , because of its reasonable price , its compact aspect , and the advertised savings on cartridges because they are separated from each other -LRB- machine supposedly does n't stop working if one cartridge is empty , still have to find out if it is true though -RRB- . I returned it because of the 4 negatives after two weeks of use .
 i had two replacement machines in 30 days . this is a nigtmare . . they can not get it right ... if you are a mashocist this machine is for you ...
 This is the worst machine you can buy . First , mine is less than a year old , and will not seat the print cartridges . If you can not get the machine to recognize the cartridges , nothing , and I mean nothing , works other than the telephone.You should not buy this machine even if you had one that worked because it requires 4 ink cartridges which do not work after 6 months -- I guess they dry up . So you must purchase a set of cartridges every 6 months whether you use the machine or not . And , oh yes , the set of cartridges is about $ 65 !
 This machine has been nothing but trouble since I bought it from Amazon in February . To Brothers credit they are now arranging a no charge repair at a local service company.There are many more attractive units on the market and I recommend bypassing this one.I have a Brother MFC unit at my summer home and it works flawlessly and that 's the reason I bought this unit . I should have returned it for credit soon after I opened the box as it had problems from the start .
 I bought this machine to replace a former Brother telephone answering machine / fax . I even spent more money than the usual fax machine in order to have the ansering machine feature . However the new machine can not be set to take incoming faxes AND receive voice messages if you have voice messaging on your phone service . AND you can not even leave it plugged in to receive faxes without disrupting your -LRB- AT&T ; -RRB- voice mail service . So we have to plug it in to receive faxes . WHich means we leave it unplugged most of the time , and so can not even use the telephone feature.My Prior Brother handled this fine
 I like the features
 Printer line does not come with the package . The voice of the phone is low and unclear , unable to scan photo id , printing speed is slow .
 What a waste of money ! If you only occasionally need to fax , this is not the product to buy . The print cartridge cleaner uses up the ink when not in use , so the machine becomes very expensive when you have to replace toner cartridges . The cartridges can not be refilled !!!!
 I was never able to get the machine to copy or print . I was not able to send or receive faxes . I returned it .
 To get satisfaction for being sold a defective refurbished machine I have to tote it to factory rep twenty miles away at my expense or ship it to same at great expense . Vendor only sells . This model is a disaster . Paper tray is clunky . Fax/copy insert mechanism often grabs paper unevenly or grabs too many sheets even when paper is pristine . Fax mode has sent a fax twice of its own accord which caused problems with the businesses I was dealing with . Copy is always too light regardless of setting . IOW , do not buy a low end refurbished machine .
 I first one I got lasted 6 months . The customer service was good and they sent me out a brand new one . This last one lasted almost a year . But now that it broke after the 1 year warranty of the original purchase , I 'm SOL . If you want a disc printer that will last more than a year , look elsewhere .
 I was really excited to get this product it was exactly what I was looking for . The day I received it , took it out of the box and tried it . Hooked it up and printed my first cd -LRB- one included in the box -RRB- . The logo that I had downloaded was printed incorrectly in one quadrant and another quadrant had text misprinted . 2 out 4 quadrants misprinted . Hmm , I tried it again and again ... after 6 cds I gave up . E-mailed Primera and they gave me RMA . At first wanting me to send it back on my dime . I protested and they sent me a shipping label . Waited for the second unit , hoping it was a fluke . Second unit , same thing ... now I 'm returning it for a credit . I hope no one else has the same problems.Like I said great idea but the product did not deliver . I guess I 'll have to buy a Epson or HP to print directly onto the cds .
 05/2005 - We have had this printer for 6 months . The one we received from the company did not work when it arrived -LRB- the printer head would not move -RRB- . I had to RMA it . The replacement unit worked fine for a month . Then it stopped working also , and would not respond -LRB- would act as if it was printing but not print anything on the discs -RRB- . I tried replacing the ink ribbon , but no change . I had to RMA it . The replacement unit worked fine for 3 months when we used it . Now it is not working AGAIN -LRB- the printer head will not move/print/change cartridge -RRB- . I am calling the company to see if I can still get another RMA.We only print on CDs occassionaly -LRB- 10 CDs every few weeks -RRB- . The company tech support is helpful but has long telephone hold-times on NON 800 phone number . They did tell me they do not repair the units , the just send a new unit after determining that your unit is bad.The unit price is not worth it if its product life is only a few months . I would NOT recommend this unit .
 I bought this printer and was at first glad I did n't have to stick paper labels on CD 's anymore . The problem is about a 1/3 of my CD 's print okay , but the rest print smudgy to very smudgy with annoying blocks around the 4 different zones that it prints to.After sending out CD 's I was totally embarrassed about , I decided to spend $ 89 on the Epson Stylus R200 . Oh my word , what an amazing printer ! Full color graphics , high resolution with no smudging , good ink quality . I would have spent probably 3 times as much for the Epson and it 's cheaper than the Signature!So I 'm stoked . I 've had none of the loading problems other customers have had with the CD loader , though I may still try to go to technical support and get the newer loader anyways as one customer suggested.In addition , the editing software was a breeze , and I was certainly leery about having to learn one more layout application . Had my first CD just the way I wanted in about 20 minutes . Nice text editing , easy to place shadows , color support for both text and shadows , imports and sizes graphics nicely.I did experiment with getting the CD wet , and the ink held up okay but did smear some . On experimenting , I noticed that the CD background itself smeared when wet , so ca n't tell yet whether it 's just the CD or the ink too . The manual does say to get ink jet printable CD 's , and that may be a good idea.So maybe this is a review of the Epson R200 , but since I bought both , think it 's more valuable to have it here .
 Originally , this seemed like a good low cost solution to CD/DVD labeling . In theory it is wonderful ; however , when put into practice there are just too many faults . I have used the product -LRB- or should I say three of them , and waiting for number four -RRB- for about six months with little success . They all seem to end up malfunctioning one way or another . The good news is that their customer support seems to be aware of this as they readily replace my unit . I think there is a year warranty , so I imagine this will last only so long . The expense of shipping it back and the time down is not worth the hastle though . Buyer be warned-search elsewhere !
 I have been through three of the Signature Z1 with all having mechanical problems . The latest and third one worked two times before failing . I went through their tech support and they concluded mechanical failure on the first two printers . The third one failed out of the box after two prints . I gave up . There are other options and this printer is going into the recycle bin .
 Based on the mixed reviews -LRB- and the inexpensive price -RRB- , I bought this for my church hoping that it would turn out like the 5-star reviewers ' printers . Good thing for return policies . I printed about 6 CDs on it -- only one looked good . The rest would be missing a letter here or there or there would be a smear or the text would be all over the place . I have included a picture of the CD that convinced me that it was n't just a cartridge issue , as well as a picture of the unit.The printer is a nice size , very compact , but I will be trying the Casio CW-100 now .
 This product initially worked great . After a few months , it required cleaning , which unfortunately , the unit is not designed properly for . After a year , it just produced extremely dirty -LRB- smudged -RRB- labels , of which no cleaning could fix . Two friends bought the same unit , and each had problems after a few months . Not a quality product . I 'm sorry that I bought/recommended this product .
 I will send you a rock or a hairbrush or something else that wo n't print on discs either.I am on my second printer . The first one stopped working after 3 labels so I sent it back . This one has worked for several months now , however wo n't print on the botom part of the disc unless you hold the carriage down , so I hardly ever use it.Cue the disappointed trumpet noise ... wah-wah .
 I replaced a Casio CD-100 CD printer with this one because I wanted more than just the two print area Casio provides - Big mistake ! At first the printer worked great and I was happy . I should have realized something was wrong the first time I took a printed CD out of the printer and the spindle came out with the CD ?! Snapped it back in and everthing seemed OK . When I got to the end of the ribbon , instead of telling me to change the cartridge it kept going , made some unusual noises but continued printing . The only way I knew the ribbon needed changing was nothing was being printed on the CD. , I changed the cartridge . The end of ribbon foil that the printer should have sensed but did n't . Ever since then printing was un-even , some areas faded out completely . Changing ribbons did n't help . Worse , the print areas no longer lined up neatly ! Primera was no help , apparently unwilling to exchange the printer , so I gave up . I 'll either go back to Casio or use LightScribe .
 I thought I 'd use this to smooth and blend colors with my Prismacolor colored pencils . Well that turned out terrible ! The paper looked all damp after using this and the colors did not blend to well or look smooth but only worse . I also could n't clean the tip of the markers after using it as it was shown in the instructions so I guess it will be ruined anyway . What a waste of money .
 So I bought this marker in hopes that I could blend all my colors together , when it only makes everything separate and works like photoshop 's doge tool , but only kinda . all in all , not really worth it .
 I purchased this fax machine last year from Office Max for about $ 80.00 . It does this self cleaning thing that you ca n't turn off . The cleaning is really noisy , and it uses ink . I 've never used the color ink , yet I have to replace it every 2-3 months . Even though it does the self cleaning , I still have poor print quality . I e-mailed Brother about this , and they suggested having the machine clean the printhead at least 5 times . I have to do this about once a week in addition to the self cleaning it does . It wastes ALOT of ink . I 'm tired of wasting money on ink I do n't use , so I 'm buying a new machine .
 The Alvin Professional translucent self-healing cutting mat comes with a cautionary label affixed to the shrink wrap that reads
 I agree with the person below me . The first thing I noticed was the label stating that there were chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer . However , prior to purchasing , I was not aware because no where on this site displayed the information . I understand why they did n't but I would n't have bought it . I guess the mat works well but I 'm too scared to use it , let alone breathe around it . I 'm writing pretty much the same thing as the last review , but I just thought I 'd reiterate because this is a big deal . If California had a reason to outlaw certain chemicals , I 'm pretty sure there was a good reason why .
 I ordered this scale because in the technical details below the picture , it states that a 100g weight is included with the scale . I received the scale and the weight was not included with the order.I needed a scale of this type for my childrens science projects that require weighing small amounts of metal . Without the calibration weight , I do n't know how accurate the scale will be for this use.The shipping cost for the weight is more than the cost of the weight .
 This product looks a lot better online than when it arrives . It is fairly cheap compressed wood that was cracked in several places when it arrived . Most importantly , you have to put it together and the instructions are not good . The wooden dowels have glue on them and unless you put them in the right length the first time -LRB- which is hard to do given that the holes are deeper than the dowels -RRB- , the unit will be impossible to put together as the dowels will lock in place . I was not able to complete the assembly -LRB- never happened to me before -RRB- and also unable to dissaemble the glued pieces to mail it back for a return . Worst product I 've ever ordered from Amazon .
 First I had to wait almost 6 weeks to get the item as it was backordered . It is cheap press board construction with veneer . It only needs water -LRB- to wet the pre-glued dowels to activate the glue -RRB- and a hammer to put together . At first I thought this was great . I wet the dowels and put them in the sides and center divider , tapped gently until they stopped and then inserted into the top and bottom . I used a cloth over the top as I tapped it in to prevent hammer marks on the veneer . When I removed the cloth , I discovered that the dowels had dimpled -LRB- and in two spots cracked -RRB- the veneer . When I looked at the bottom , I discovered the same problem , and the unveneered bottom just left holes where the pressboard disintegrated into sawdust . I took it apart and tapped the dowels in further , but unfortunately , the damage was done -- if you purchase this , make sure you get those dowels into the side pieces and center divider as far as they will go . To prevent it from scratching the surface I placed it on , I added some press-on felt feet to the bottom . I wish that the compartments were just a little wider . I 'm using it to store printing supplies -- paper , labels , business cards , photo paper etc. . All must be removed from the boxes , envelopes , or wrapping to fit . Since it is better to store these items in their boxes or envelopes , this is a problem . The vertical spacing of the shelves is just right to hold one ream of paper , but the shelves are flimsy and bow under the weight if an entire ream is placed on them . Bottom line , you get what you pay for . The design is just what I wanted , but it is cheaply made . I 'm going to keep it and store my labels in their boxes on top so as to hide the dimples and cracks in the veneer , and have plenty of uses for the compartments . Knowing what I know now , I would have saved my money and copied this design to have a better quality organizer custom made by a family member who does custom wood working , with the sections slightly larger .
 The concept is great , but the quality of the components are fairly low which did affect the ease of assembly . Make sure to get the assembly dowels in far enough or they break through the top and do n't even slightly hit anything except the dowel or you 'll end up with a huge chunk missing .
 I ordered this item because I liked the design for storage of papers and stuff for my desktop . The package took a very long time to arrive . It is very cheaply made ... particle board construction . Some pieces flaked off as I was putting it together . I needed it to be a specific size to fit on my bookcase , and it is approximately a 1/4 inch too wide.I would not recommend this product , and definitely would not purchase it again . I would return it if I could , but it would just be a huge hassle at this point . It is poorly made -LRB- particle board and dowels -RRB- , and way ... overpriced for what you get . Great design idea , if only they could put it together better .
 This item looks far better in the product photos than in reality . It comes with marginal assembly instructions that are no more than vague pictograms . A few words of caution would help as trial and error is a crappy way to find out how not to hammer the back on . Ot is nearly impossible to put this together the first time without messing up the veneer and it 's so cheezy that there will never be a second time . The materials are cheap . The back is cardboard , the shelves are cardboard , the particle board is low grade and the veneer is just plain nasty looking . It is serviceable but so is a cardboard box . It is ridiculously overpriced for what it is .
 Poor quality , flimsy , the back is a piece of cardboard . I would never recomend this itemfor any use . Will never last
 This purchase turned out to be a mistake . I am writing it off as a learning experience . The installation instructions are vague enough so that the pegs used to attach the sides to the top and bottom can be driven through the cheap laminate of the top with little or no extra effort , ruining the fake wood appearance . The description states that `` Strong hardboard shelves form basic letter-sized compartments '' but should read the `` Thin CARDboard shelves pull out with the items stored on them when removed for use '' and the `` cheap material of the shelves start warping immediately '' so that soon -LRB- I 've had this thing a week now -RRB- they make smiley face mouths and then they start falling off the short pegs on which they rest . This is with nothing in them . The ones with stuff in them degenerate quicker . This `` Strong hardboard '' is also used for the back of this thing and provides the structural integrity for the cabinet proper . I can not wait to see what effect continued use has on this organiser . Oh still my beating heart.So what to do ? I am cutting a piece of thin wood made from a door skin and it will become the back of the organizer . I 'm adding two furring strips across each `` Strong Hardboard shelf '' just behind where the `` Strong Hardboard shelves '' rest on the supports , so that they will keep the `` Strong Hardboard shelves '' from warping and pulling out with the material stored in them . At this point I 'm thinking that I could have made an organizer with just a few more pieces of wood for the sides and top/bottom with just a little greater investment of my time and money . Duh . And my learning experience ? Do n't buy Safco products , because if Safco products are all like this Wood Adjustable Literature Organizer , then Safco products are cheap junk .
 I was very disappointed in this item . I bought this item to use in my classroom . It was hard to put together ; the pieces did not fit properly . The shelves themselves are flimsy , and the pegs are not long enough . I would not recommend this product .
 The shredder seems to function great until you look underneath and realize there is a support bar right in the middle of the blades . This bar collects paper and becomes clogged easily . One solution it to keep it running between shredding and hope the paper falls out on its own so you dont have to clear the blades after a handful of papers . It states that it is capable of handling 10 sheets , however , i am afraid to put more than 2-3 at a time as you can hear the motor struggle . The paper i shred isnt anything special , I usually shred bills and items i print out . I have yet to find a decent shredder and the one positive of this one is that it has lasted longer than most i have owned .
 I have this shredder in white ; it shreds great but get ready for a BIG MESS when you pull the basket out to empty it . Also , if you try to prevent the mess by TRYING to get the top off , forget it . To get the top off , you have to turn the machine upside down or get someone really strong to get it off for you ; it 's that heavy .
 We have had a royal shredder for a few years now , and it is a huge dissapointment . It is not dependable , but the worst thing is the manufacturer is nowhere to be found ! Forget service for it -- forget Royal Shredders !!!!!
 I was unable to edit the number of stars on Amazon . I originally gave this 1 star because it `` died '' after about 3 uses . However , the next morning it was working fine . It seems that shredders occasionally overheat a bit and shut themselves down . It actually works quite well when it 's working . And it is very attractive as far as shredders go .
 I really liked this shredder when I first bought it from circuit city . It worked well and smoothly enough , and I had no problems shredding documents , CDs and credit cards -LRB- credit cards worked fine in the regular paper slot , so I did n't have that problem like one other reviewer -RRB- . Also , it had a pretty slick design , and looked really good anywhere in the room.The first problem was the internal design , where paper pulp would accumulate in the middle of the shred head due to a support bar on the inside . Cleaning this out would cause paper dust and flakes to go all over the place , which would then get vacuumed up -LRB- a minor inconvenience -RRB- . Then , at some point , the auto sensor went . It would get activated by the first sheet of paper , but then never turn off . Really annoying , but still workable.Today , the thing just broke , under normal use . This only after ~ 6 months of mild to moderate use -LRB- household junk mail , credit card statements , etc. -RRB- . The two rotating rods are held in place by plastic brackets ! Now , it still shreds on one side , while the other lets paper through . Now the whole thing must get discarded!My advice , forget aesthetics and buy a fellowes .
 Lasted through approximately five weeks of shredding my daily junk mail before the motor burned out . Granted I get a lot of junk mail , but I expected more from a name brand .
 What a piece of junk . First , there is a bar in the middle of the slot where you feed the paper in which blocks the opening even when attempting to put in one piece of paper . Second , for some reason whenever I go near the shredder with my Bluetooth headset for my cell phone the shredder just starts running . Third , there is a special slot for credit cards that only slices them instead of shredding it which would allow anyone to easily put it back together and read the information . And do n't try to put it where the paper goes to shred it properly because it jams up . Finally , there is a small window on the shredder basket that supposed to let you know when it 's full . Unfortunately the paper piles up in the back of the basket long before it 's full and starts jamming the shredder . Sadly it took me a little more than 30 days to discover all of these problems so Circuit City wo n't give me a refund . All in all I 've had much better performance out of paper shredders that cost a lot less .
 I have had this shredder for a couple of years and used it lightly over that time . Today I was trying to shred some things for the end of the year and the entire unit blew up in my face ! The hair on the back of my hand was burned off and the paper in basket started smoldering .
 The on/off button broke within 30 days , the shredder jams , no way it will handle 10 pages . I 'd limit it to about 3-4 pages at most , but it still jams constantly . It 's very loud and credit cards will clog it although the owners manual says they are fine . I just bought a Fellowes dm12c . So far it 's a vastly better product . I regret ever having the Royal as it 's now just going into a landfill .
 I had a lower model Royal for years without a problem . So disappointed it broke the second time I used it and Royal will not call me back . Stuck with a lemon .
 Worked beautifully for the 1st several sheets , then quit ! Motor still worked in reverse , and was not over heated , so must have been the automatic on-switch . Had to return it . So much for quality craftsmanship .
 Bought it , attempted to shred 3 sheets of paper and it completely jammed . Had to send it back . Still need a shredder .
 It was a bit noisy . Jammed for no reason occaisionally even with just one sheet . Seemed as if blades jammed up , reverse , retry and eventually got the sheet -LRB- s -RRB- to go through . Returned item - cudos for how Amazon handled my transaction .
 i had this shredder for a week put about 10 peices of paper through it then it just died . . it 'll be cheaper for me to buy a cheap shredder then it will be to pay the postage to send this one back and hope the replacement works
 I shredded 30 pieces of paper and then dumped the waste basket and that was it . It will not even turn on . Going back to amazon for a refund .
 We purchased this shredder through Amazon several months ago . It worked fine for a while -- we did n't use it all that often -- but it suddenly stopped working . Now it just makes a clicking noise whenever anything is inserted into it . We will probably avoid this manufacturer in the future ...
 I bought the shredder from Amazon and used it for one day . The next day after shredding 3 pages it stopped . Never could get it to work again , like it was jammed . The blades were clear , the light was on and I could go in reverse only . I called Fellowes and they said it was a common problem with the plastic sensor in the middle of the slot on top . They said call Amazon and if they did n't replace to call them back and they would . I am boxing it up to send back to Amazon for a replacement . I did like it though while it was working and hope it was only a fluke . -LRB- Updated 2/8/08 -RRB- Replacement shredder arrived . Worked long enough to shread 5 pieces of paper before it died again . Reverse only . Stay away from this product . Apparently something wrong with sensor as others have posted . I am going to look for non Fellowes product as this surely did n't go through product testing . Amazon however provided great customer service so far with easy returns . Not allowed to change my original rating to a 1 .
 I ordered a replacement . But this first shredder was completely dead on arrival . Plugged it in and nothing . Also there were a lot of finger prints on the metal sensor guard and fine scratches like this had been used before . Is Fellowes selling refurbished units as new ?! This better stop if it 's the case . Also my AC plug had on of the prongs slightly bent and the rubber piece where the basket sits had come off already in the box . The box was pretty banged up too when it arrived . Here 's to hoping my replacement will work like it 's supposed to .
 Loved it for about 1 1/2 years , it shredded well and never jammed . Then suddenly one day it just would n't work anymore . The light would n't come on and the motor would n't work.I feel I spent lots of money for a nice shredder that should have lasted much longer .
 I have a Fellowes DS-1 that I bought from Amazon . I was cleaning it out and a part fell out of the cutter head . I wrote to Fellowes for support . They said the unit has a 5 year warranty on the cutter head , but since the part appears to be a `` stripper '' that it 's not covered.I bought a Fellowes product because I thought they were be bulletproof and stand by their product . I did n't expect metal pieces to fall out of the cutting head and have Fellows say that since I 've had the shredder for more than the basic one year warranty , they wo n't cover it . I 've had the unit for 4 years , almost to the day , and now pieces of metal start falling out of the cutter , and Fellowes says that 's not covered by the 5 year cutter warranty . Very Strange . I 'd spend the $ 100 on a better product next time . I evidently paid for pretty , and not for rugged .
 I bought this product for about $ 100 , used it for about 3 months intermittently -LRB- maybe twice/week -RRB- , and it has stopped working . RI_Maam
 My kids bought this for me to use for home shredding bills , receipts , and credit cards . I had this shredder for a little over two years when it started to fail . The motor would run but the blades would n't turn . I contacted the manufacturer , Fellowes . The helped diagnose the problem but the only replacement parts they had available is the metal basket . Seriously.Of course , before I threw it out , I took it apart to see exactly what had gone wrong . Stripped gears . Some metal gears looked fine , but I was surprised to see that the main drive gears were plastic . They had completely stripped , so the motor was no longer driving the blades . If this is a part of normal wear , they should have replacement parts . Not very happy that I had to throw away a $ 150 shredder because of a few dollars in plastic gears.Sorry Fellowes but that is not green and not customer friendly . I just ordered an Aurora shredder as a replacement .
 I purchased this around tax time in 2007 . I only used it once per year to shred bank statements and paycheck statements around tax time . In total , I probably shred about 100-150 pages from 2007 to 2011 . I also purchased the oil and applied it to the blades each year so not only did I barely use it , but it was well kept.Last year when I tried to shred documents , the little plastic piece that seems to trigger the start of shredding did n't do anything , rendering the shredder completely useless . So now I have last years documents and this years to shred when I buy my new shredder.It did shred well and I did try a CD in it when I first got it . I did n't like the pull out basket , it made cleanup a little messy and pieces of paper seemed to be able to push through the mesh . At the end of the day I expected SO much more durability for the price . The plastic piece seems to easily break , and it does n't seem any more durable to me than the parts used in a $ 30 shredder . I can see the safety features being nice if you have children around , but other than that , I ca n't recommend this unit at all.I do n't ever plan to buy anything made by Fellows again , after spending over 100 dollars on a machine that broke outside of warranty due to my infrequent low usage . It was a complete waste of my money . Good luck if you decide to take the plunge !
 We purchased this shredder for the safety features -LRB- auto stop when fingers get too close -RRB- and I was very pleased with that function . However , we 've had this shredder about eight months and it 's now in the garbage can ready to be hauled off tomorrow.About three weeks after we bought the shredder , the plastic piece that activates the auto shut-off function snapped in half and became useless . So , we `` trained '' the kids to stay away from the shredder and kept it unplugged when it was not in use.A month after that , the kids became fascinated with the basket that holds the shredded paper . They figured out how to step on the basket peddle and remove every piece of confetti so they could spread it all over the house.Soon after that happened , we moved the shredder to the garage to eliminate any and all interraction with the kids . Just a few days ago , the motor gave out and the shredder became completely useless . So it 's now sitting at the bottom of the garbage can ready to be hauled off tomorrow . Ugh ... not even a year old and I already need another shredder.I 'm torn between buying the same shredder again and just getting something completely different to avoid the problems we 've faced with this shredder in the past . I would have put up with the other malfunctions for many years if the motor had n't burned up in such a short time , so I think we 'll look at another brand at this point .
 I received the DS-1 from Amazon , and it DID N'T WORK FRESH FROM THE BOX ! A second -LRB- replacement -RRB- unit worked for less than two weeks . When I called Fellowes customer service , they said this unit was notorious for having issues with its sensor and that I should n't bother getting another ... and then offered to `` upgrade '' me to a unit that costs half the price at Amazon.Also , take note
 My 2nd one just broke after only one day of use . The 1st did the same thing . The reverse works but the unit stops taking paper in the throat . In both instances I shredded about 50 sheets of paper and 2-3 credit cards . I never overloaded the unit feeding no more than 4 sheets at one time . The unit is not overheated because the indicator is not on . There is something inferior about this product . Avoid it .
 I purchased this Fellowes paper shredder based on the Amazon reviews . I purchased it at Office Max for approximately $ 75.00 . For no reason whatsoever , it stopped working properly after only two weeks . We did not over stuff the shredder nor over use it . The shredder motor would only work in reverse ! After reading a few more reviews after the fact , this is not an uncommon defect of Fellowes shredders . Do n't bother buying this from Office Max unless you plan on purchasing their extra MaxAssurance warranty because Office Max will indicate it 's not their problem , instead they simply pass the buck onto the manufacturer and state `` it 's a manufacturer 's problem . '' Really ? Great customer service Office Max . Who the heck is going to bother shipping this huge shredder to Fellowes ? Thumbs down Fellowes for your poor quality shredder which is an obvious product defect . Thumbs down Office Max horrid customer service -- how about standing behind your products ? Go to Staples or Office Depot instead .
 This machine was too loud to use in a medical office . The noise was n't a problem for long , however , as the shredder broke after less than a month . I am now waiting for > 2 weeks for a replacement .
 This shredder lasted all of 10 minutes of continued use . After it stopped working , I let it sit over night thinking it was the thermal sensor . It would n't start the next morning . Returned it for a full refund .
 I liked the appearance of this unit . It certainly had a hard time with 11 sheets . But six months after purchase , an interanl switch -LRB- the one that automaticaly turns the unit on when paper is inserted -RRB- broke , and even manually turning on the unit would n't work . Definitely NOT recommended .
 It worked great -- for about 2 weeks . It stopped working but after unplugging and pushing its button , it started working again after I repowered it . This lasted for about 10 days before it totally died . I called Fellows and they said it was the printed circuit board . I called Amazon and they replaced it because I had the shredder for less than a month . So far it is working !
 This product was working well but just broke down after a year of not so heavy use . Similar to some of the complaints I read in the reviews for this product , the reverse mode continues to work but not the forward shredding .
 I purchased this shredder in Jan 2008 and ran it under very light conditions for 16 months . Mostly , it was used to shred bills , paystubs , and the occasional credit card entreaty.Recently , I was shredding a four sheet document when it started to clang and stopped working . Right now , the feeder no longer pushes the paper forward so the shredder no longer functions . Furthermore , it makes an awful racket every time the shredder turns on . Basically , the thing is toast . Extensive oiling has made no difference.Before the shredder failed , I had a few problems . It was easy to overfill the bin , so when you went to remove it , paper shreds went flying everywhere . But overall , it was a good machine -- til it failed .
 This product functioned well initially but several significant flaws caused to model to fail our extended use test . Although the motor and blades continued function , the paper sensor failed after one year of low to moderate use ; therefore , the motor and blades will no longer activate . When the basket is removed to empty waste , invariably some of the shreds fall behind the basket which prevents the basket sensor from recognizing that the basket is in place . Before the sensor will recognize that the basket has been replaced , you must vacuum the inside of the unit . Since the basket is relatively small and requires frequent emptying , this can be quite inconvenient and time consuming . This model has a great sleek look but functions too poorly to receive a buy recommendation .
 After only 14 months and less than 1000 sheets of paper shredded , my shredder died . There appears to be a basic design fault with Fellowes shredders of this type where the paper trigger breaks and the whole shredder is useless . Perhaps their business model is to get you to buy another shredder every year plus to replace the broken one , but with a cost of over 12 cents per page shredded you have to ask yourself if another company is n't a better buy .
 I needed an upgrade for an old strip shredder , and ordered the Fellowes DS-1 . The first one worked for a week , then quit dead . The manufacturer 's customer support told me to trash it , and they would send out a new one ; it never worked . Fellowes told me to trash the second one , and sent me a factory reconditioned unit . After shredding about 100 sheets -- when it was in a mood to work at all -- it too stopped dead.I 've had it with Fellowes products ... you could n't give me one ! I 'm going to eat the cost and buy some other brand .
 I purchased this shredder for my mom and it died before 6 months was up . Spoke with the manufacturer and after answering a few questions and testing the shredder over the phone to determine if it was fixable , they readily agreed to send a new one and were very easy to deal with . Received the new one promptly and it has n't been 2 months and the new one is now not working . Other Fellowes shredders have worked great that I have purchased , but steer very clear of this one . This shredder even looks cheap when you get it .
 I bought this shredder from Amazon a year and two months ago . It just stopped working because the automatic sensor stopped sensing the paper -LRB- although everything else works -RRB- . The warranty only extends for one year . I called Fellowes and they shrugged their shoulders and said , `` I guess the sensor was faulty '' . They did n't bother to replace it or fix it and said I needed to get a new one . I am definitely staying away from this machine maybe even the entire Fellows product line since their customer service lacks tact .
 Thankfully , Amazon is such a good company but Fellowes should stop making shredders . I had TWO jam in 10-minutes and there 's no way to unjam them . They need to have some setting where you can loosen the `` teeth '' of this thing at least but the slot is so narrow , once it jams , it 's unable to back up.It says 11 sheets but it 's more like 3 so what 's really the point of a $ 100 shredder when a credit card app can not go all the way through?While the confetti shred is nice , it creates tiny strips that falls behind the basket even if you put an oversized bag onto the bin - it still falls behind so the only place to use this without having to vacuum every time after use is in the backyard.Looks nice but huge with major flaws including the inability to unjam itself -LRB- or offer you any assistance in unjamming it other than returning it -RRB- . Does not collect 100 % of its shred in the bin forcing you to vacuum afterwards.Looks nice but way over-priced - if you only need to shred 3 sheets at a time , might as well just get one that fits over your garbage.Don ' t bother with this one .
 Have used -LRB- at work & home -RRB- several shredders over the years including others made by Fellowes , with only one giving up after years of hard service . The DS-1 arrived a few weeks ago , very nice looking piece . However after using it one day to shred a few multi-sheet mailings -LRB- none over the recommended size -RRB- , it made a horrible noise & has n't worked since . No way to easily take it apart , but I 'm guessing it stripped a gear since the motor runs but spins much faster now but nothing feeds through the shred gate and the cutter blades are n't turning . JUNK .
 Do n't let `` Fashion '' get in the way of function ! Per other 's comments , the shredder is `` dusty '' particularly through the wire mesh basket.In our case , the product received VERY light use for 13 months and died . The blades would run in reverse , but would not run forward to shred . Contacted Fellows Support to learn that the 5 year warranty `` on the blades '' did not cover our problem which fell under the 1 year `` all other parts '' warranty . Too bad ... The price of this shredder is very high for one year of use . Personally , after this experience I will steer clear of all Fellows products .
 the product received light use for 2 years and died . The blades would run in reverse , but would not run forward to shred . Contacted Fellows Support to learn that the 5 year warranty `` on the blades '' did not cover our problem which fell under the 1 year `` all other parts '' warranty.Same problem as others . The electronics Fail . not the blades .
 if you can not tell from the image , this shredder is huge . certainly was too big for my space and will not fit below any desk or even next to one without being seen . didnt try the product because i wanted to return it , but just cosmetically be aware that this is probably best for an office , not home .
 The shredder arrived and it did n't work at all and we had to send it back . We went to a local office supply company and bought another brand and it worked just fine .
 I have has this shredder once before and after three years and 1000s of pages shredded it died ... despite oiling teeth etc. ordered a replacement and it arrived ... turned out it was ` open box ' and when I unpacked it the casing was cracked thru in at least three places ... soooo disappointing I will not reorder as I can not trust Acedepot to sell me a new perfect condition/sealed box ...
 My boss wanted this same model again after the one they had died after three years . It was the thought that if it lasted three years , it was a good shedder . To me , that is the only `` Pro '' to this model . It does not take more than 5 sheets well when it says it takes 11 . It is VERY NOISY ! I can not run it when management is here and I have a lot of shredding to do . I would say I do a medium amount of shredding and my pile always outlasts the motor 's time limit . The basket is very small and fills up VERY quickly , pulling it out to empty is extremely messy as the basked does not fit snuggly and the paper goes behind it no matter how hard you try to keep the basket in tightly . Additionally it is akward to turn over and empty into a bag . For the price there are a lot more machines that take more paper at a time , have much bigger baskets and are not as loud as this one . I would not recommend it for anything more than home use .
 This register is slow and painful but that I could deal with . The fact that we have had two in a row die after a year of use pretty much says it all . In the meantime it does very odd things that make no sense . It is very unreliable . If you do n't need to use it much , I am sure it will be fine .
 The ink for this register is contained in a tiny foam roller about 1/2 inch long and 3/8 inch in diameter . Consequently , the ink gets depleted very quickly . The customer service rep for the company which makes replacement ink rollers for this machine told me that this tiny ink roller is intended for a calculator and not suitable for a cash register which would be used frequently in a retail environment.I returned this unit and , for a few dollars more , bought a Casio PCR-T265 , which has a thermal printer .
 I have had three and all three have died . These are prone to main board failures . And these can occur out of the blue in the middle of business hours . I used them in my bar and where are u going to buy a new register at 12 o'clock at night ? I 'll never buy one again . Google the error there are many people that this has happened to . These have been around for at least four years and Sharp ca n't use a better main board ? Guess their profile margin is more important than long term customer commitment .
 My daughter received this puzzle as a gift . Since I had an awesome wooden USA puzzle as a child , I was excited for her to play with this and learn from it . While it 's a great concept to use foam , I 'm extremely under-impressed with the quality of this puzzle . The black wording and drawings were completely smudged all over when we first opened the sealed box . So the whole puzzle looks dingy and dirty and it 's continuing to smudge on itself and on our hands . Also , some states are made from thicker foam than others , so the whole thing is n't smooth when you put it together . Some of the inset little puzzle pictures the designers chose are odd to me - for example , there 's no Grand Canyon but they 've included Montezuma 's Castle . And more states could have insets , too , in my opinion . Then the real kicker is our sealed box was missing two pieces . Since it was a gift I do n't know what store it came from , so I emailed the manufacturer asking for the two pieces or a new set . After several attempts , I 've still received no response . I 'm very disappointed all around .
 TWICE I have ordered this to recieved NOTHING BUT SMALL FOAM STRIPS . I am literally in tears at the moment with heart break for my 3 yr old who i kept telling the puzzle was coming and she was very excited , and out of frustration . I have had it , and are now looking for somewhere else to buy this .
 Yes , this is a basic clipboard . However , it is so rough and uncomfortable to hold that it is like fingernails on a chalkboard . I am returning this item , icky !
 I was just looking for a basic , boring clipboard . The one received is not the same color as the one pictured . No bother , I personally did n't care about the color . HOWEVER - this thing has such a strange feel to it . There is some material on the front of this thing that just feels `` strange . '' I know , pretty vague , but I ca n't explain it . It is somewhat sticky , flaky , strange feeling material . I really ca n't explain it better than that . I tried to clean it off with little luck.I may use it - not sure yet . But the strange `` stuff '' that is covering it is really nasty . It almost feels like sawdust wish a strange consistency to it . It makes your hands sticky after you touch it . I wish I could explain it better . Tried to clean it off twice - I 'll try one more then send it back as defective .
 wow , could they b making clip-boards any cheaper , i use many clip-boards and these ae very cheap and easily broken , an aversion to water
 Pros : - Nice hard surface - Relatively lightCons : - Rough edges make holding it for any length of time uncomfortable - Light tan color , not the dark brown you see pictured - Mine arrived with slight chips/peeling on parts of the edge
 The title says `` 5.75 inch x 9.5 inch '' , but it 's actually exactly 6 inches x 9 inches , with the usable area -LRB- since the clip is offset -RRB- being just under 8.5 inches . If , like me , you intended to use this with standard US letter paper -LRB- 8.5 x 11 inches -RRB- folded in half -LRB- 8.5 x 5.5 inches -RRB- , you will be disappointed to see that it does n't fit.Additionally , the clip is mounted unevenly , and text ends up written slightly diagonally on the paper , which is very awkward . I expected more and asked for a refund .
 This item was $ 39.95 ; I have no idea why they raised the price so much.It is not worth it .
 This thing was a piece of junk . It was not well made , the thing was flimsy , the casters do n't work right . Customer service was horrible ! It arrived damaged inside the box ... the box had been taped shut . I suspect it was a floor model but the Green Group rep would n't cop to that . They refused return shipping and I had to eat the cost of this piece of junk . Do NOT do business with the Green Group !
 I bought this binder to file my recipe.However , it only lasted about 6months , and I had to replace to another one .
 As an employer in Boston , MA im always trying to diversify my catering business with equal numbers of woman and men . But as time passed , the women became more educated and left my business for more skilled jobs outside of the kitchen . So when i found out that i can find some women in binders , i immediately jumped on the opportunity . I bought two dozen of these binders expecting them to be full of women and even shipped them via 1-Day Amazon Prime shipping ! When i got my package from UPS i noticed that the box was a little smaller than i expected . Once I fully opened everything , to my surprise i saw that the binders were completely empty . I called Amazon customer service immediatetly and got connected to an agent from India , who seemed very confused when i tried explaining to her that my binders were missing the women i was told about . So unfortunately it looks like i was deceived by some guy named Willard on TV in regards to these binders : / These binders maybe good for a couple papers but lack the women i was told about . I hope amazon is understanding and refunds me when i try giving them a call again tomorrow
 I was very disappointed in the envelopes I recieved . I sell a lot of textbooks and I ca n't fit them in the envelopes because they are far too narrow.If you sell textbooks do not order them it will be a big mistake .
 not comfortable at all to use did not like this pen . Thought I would get use to using it after a bit but no .
 Title says it all . Three of the six caster holders on the base of the chair have broken in approximately 2 months . These are little plastic rings molded into the base that you put the stem of the caster wheel into . This results in the caster wheels falling out of the chair base and makes the chair both unsafe and uncomfortable . The only way to repair this is to replace the bottom star on the chair . However , since we are beyond the ridiculously short 30 day warranty we were told we would have to buy another lower half -LRB- $ 25 plus S&H -RRB- . Bottom line you get what you pay for . We will not be repairing this chair since I can only imagine that it would break again in short order . Spend a little more for a quality product and do not buy this chair .
 I first purchased the HP 48GII about two years ago . The first one did n't last a month , but HP quickly gave me a new one free of charge . The second one ran better , but the keyboard was very uncertain and often caused input errors . NOT GOOD and very frustrating . Well now the keyboard has failed all together and the calculator wo n't turn off . This is REALLY POOR merchandise ! I do not recommend anyone purchasing this calculator . Unfortunately I 've heard that other current HP models are just about as bad . My old HP 41C lasted nearly 20 years ... I do n't understand why the new ones are so cheaply made . / / /
 Pros
 I bought this calculator because it allows use of the RPN method.The keyboard is horrible . Having the < Enter > key in the wrong place is bad enough , but it often does not register keystrokes . This means one has to make slow , deliberate entries in order to make sure all has been keyed in correctly . The Casio , which I bought in 1987 for $ 14.95 , and that I keep in my field kit , has a better quality keyboard.So far , I have not attempted programming with it ; I use it strictly as a calculator . Yet , it has locked up twice in the past three weeks . The only thing that would get it going again was to shove a paper clip down the `` RESET '' hole on the back.Using the `` financial '' function is made far harder than it needs to be , its editing function is needlessly complex , and getting back out of financial mode is next to impossible . The instructions for its use are clear as mud.Over the years , I have owned several HP calcs ; all of the Singapore-made ones were first-class products . I no longer have most of them due to loss , theft , and in one case , a fire . The 48GII is nothing but Chinese-made rubbish.If Casio , TI , Sanyo , or Sharp made an RPN calculator I would wave good-bye to HP and never look back .
 Do not buy HP calculators manufactured in China . The keys only work when they want . I always bought HP calculators including those made in Singapore . They had great quality . But these Chinese HP are a disappointment . If you do not want to have hassle , then do what I do
 Not much to say about this thing , other than I miss my 48SX . I used it for a good 17 years before it just went dead on me , and there was nothing I could do to save it.I replaced it with a 48GII . However , my `` new '' 48GII 's keys regularly fail to register -LRB- annoying and frustrating -RRB- , and I 'm lucky to get a month out of the batteries with light use ; my 48SX performed FLAWLESSLY though half of a bachelors degree , a masters degree , and 15 years of a career in engineering . It would only need new batteries every 8 months to a year . What 's up , HP ? Quit making this garbage and bring back a quality , well-made product .
 Purchased this product for programming capabilities However , despite the fact that it came with an usb link , the software only search for COM3 . If you have only a laptop this is useless . Tried to find an updated version of the software , but it still only will search com3 even though it says it 's for usb port . Best thing for you to do is buy a TI calculator and save yourself the headache of even dealing with worthless engineering .
 VERE complicated to use , if you just want a graphing calc for your math class save yourself time and monay and buy a used TI !
 at the time of writing the HP49g + is available onamazon at $ 77.99 . Since the 48GII is a 49g + withfeatures removed - why not get a 49g + ?
 I had this chair for about six months , the product came slightly damaged with cheap plastic parts . After about six months of use the bottom portion fell apart .
 Description indicates that this is a 12.75 inch by 12.75 inch paper - which is probably a typo , given that the paper packaging shown in the picture is the 11.6 X 11.6 inches package . Epson 's SCR1003 paper was originally a true 12 '' by 12 '' paper , and came in a red package . I am very pleased with the quality of the paper - and will be clear on that !! I could run up the basics on the page using my software , and print on my Epson 2200 , and the pages were Fabulous ! This paper takes Color and printing better than most photo papers i 've used ! Once printed , I could then embellish to my hearts content - AND IT FIT in a 12 X 12 scrapbook ! The white packaging is NOT 12.75 '' square , nor is it a true 12 '' square , it is only 11.6 '' and no longer does it fit in the page protector correctly . I have to put a backing sheet in between now , to glue these to to hold them still in the scrapbook.If you want true 12 '' X 12 '' paper for scrapbooking , do n't buy this , and do let me know where you found it !!
 I have used and liked many HP products , going back to the HP67 programmable calculator -LRB- c. 1978 -RRB- . I bought the HP 49G + expecting it to be top-of-the-line , but it was a big disappointment and I decided to return the calculator within the 30-day trial period . The documentation is so inadequate that I was unable to use very much of the calculator 's capabilities and gave up trying to learn in frustration . The User 's Guide lacks an index ; however , the manual on the included CD does ! The HP 49G + and the manual is very user un-friendly - for example , if you are in the financial mode , there is no obvious way to exit back to the calculator mode and the manual does not tell you how -LRB- press the NXT key -RRB- . TI is coming out with a TI 84 Plus Silver Edition in Spring 2004 that looks promising
 I just threw a 13-month-old HP-49G + in the trash can - the processor went fritzy and the calculator died ! NEVER have I seen a calculator do anything like this ... and organically worse than anything I ever imagined HP would produce ! I 've replaced this unit with a USED HP-48GX , which has a noticeably slower processor but at least will stay with me for the long term ...
 This calculator is a piece of crap ! The plastic band has broke and snapped off and the key pad `` 0 '' wobbles ! All after 1 and a half years of light use . Just long enough to get out of the warranty . They were kind enough to offer a replacement for $ 100 plus shipping . I 've since returned to my 28C . HP no longer builds a quality product . Do n't buy this !! I 'm currently looking at buying the TI-89 . I love the HP RPM but I ca n't spend $ 100 + -LRB- hense the name -RRB- every 1.5 years on calulators
 MY SERIAL #CN 33403966Pro : nice equation writerreturns integals with pi and fractions -LRB- exact mode -RRB- big screen for a calculatorCon :1 keys are noisy -LRB- very distracting/embarrassing during an exam or test -RRB- 2a keypress does n't always register -LRB- even when you hear the explosive `` THUNK ! '' that the keypress generates , the keystroke does n't always register -RRB- you can imagine how frustrating this can be when you miskey something in an intricate equation or during an school exam3whole calculator feel flimsy4not that powerful compared to current PDA 's -LRB- some integrals took over ten minutes to solve . some never solved and I had to hit the cancel key . Mathematica solved the most difficult of integrals practically after the moment i hit the Enter key on my PC -RRB- 5PC-to-calculator software is abismally bad . enough to make a grownup cry . and the calculator-to-PC functionality is extremely terse and difficult to use comfortably6the operating system is buggy . even with a ROM update , the calculator has crashed and locked up on me . who 's ever heard of a calculator crashing ???!! They really should n't ! that 's like having your alarm clock lock up on you or something . reboot your alarm clock ? who 's ever heard of that ??? but you 'll have to reboot -LRB- reset -RRB- your 49g + on occassion like windows 9x .7 the reset button does n't always remedy things . you have to let the cmos drain after a bad crash . try this
 For perspective , I am am a lifelong HP user ; I got the original hp-35 -LRB- in 1975 or so -RRB- and have had a 45 , a 65 , an 85 a 28s and most recently a 48G . I am an engineer and a computer nerd . Now for the review
 I own other calculators from HP -LRB- 15C , 28S , 12C -RRB- which were eccellent both in terms of quality as well as performance.This new HP49G + is a big disappointment . Apart from the fact that it 's not user-friendly , it 's quality is simply unacceptable . The most evident is the keyboard which is outrageously noisy and that misses keystrokes . I bought a unit and returned it because the keyboard makes it unusable . Even $ 5 calculators have better keyboards ! I hope HP starts listening to its old customers and fixes the 49G + with a REAL keyboard and that it puts back into production old jewels like the 15C , etc. without trying to reinvent for the worse like they did here ...
 This calculator is terrible . I 've been a HP man for a long time and now that I 'm doing my Ph.D EE I thought I 'd upgrade from my beloved 48GX . Was that a mistake . The keyboard is worse than you could imagine !! Was any testing done at all ?!? Miskeys all the time , it 's loud and uncomfortable . My Sd card did n't work and the screen flickers , I have a patch for that , when I get the time I 'd FIX my calculator . The poor quality of this machine , hardware and software is inexcusable particularly for the price . Do not buy this calculator !!!
 When I first bought an HP48SX and later an HP48GX what I was most proud of it was it construction quality . My HP48SX felt from a two story height and survived . But what a dissapointment with the 49G . It does n't feel like the others and just 5 months later of Office use -LRB- not field use -RRB- I have more than 3 keys loose and I do n't think this calculator will last more than a year.If you want a calculator full of functions for just a year and not more . There you have it!But if you are like me , who wants a products that could stand longer ... I recomend that you look somewhere else .
 Buy the HP 50G instead ! I use a calculator several times a day as an engineer . The keyboard is terrible . A number of the keys broke loose from their mounting . This made pressing keys very unreliable . I replaced it with a HP 50G which has a much better keyboard . The 50G is better , but still does n't measure up to the excellent mechanical design -LRB- and same software -RRB- of the 48SX and 48GX . These may still be available and would be the best choice depending on the price . I had a 48SX that I used from my first day of college up to 8 years working . The on/off button finally wore out and I replaced it with this terrible 49G + .
 It 's a self destructing machine . Buttons that get stuck , display that looses vertical lines ... Do n't buy it .
 I 'm heavily disappointed with this product . After only three years of rather casual use , it wo n't turn on , even after replacing all batteries , both the AAA 's and the 3V memory one . Some keys are `` floating '' already , and the golden finish of the faceplate is looking rather bad . I do n't get why such an expensive product is of such a poor quality . My recommendation to all those interested in a graphing calculator is to look for TI models or even some other HP ones , just not the 49G + .
 I am an HP calculator collector who loves the great classic HP models . As such I bought one of these when it first came out . What a disappointment . It has a cheap junky feel and the keyboard never worked right . Where the old models had solid color molded in , this has a painted surface that you know wo n't stand the test of time . The software is full of bugs too . The final straw is that it eats batteries like they are going out of style.Mine died completely last week after a short period of little use . It is remarkable how bad this product is compared to the past models . I have many 20 year old HP calculators that work like new , and by that I mean without bugs and a keyboard that is great.One start is way too high a rating for this product . More like a -7 in my book .
 I bought this calculator because of past experience with hp 48gx . Because my hp 48gx broke down , I bought hp 49g + , when I first used my brand new calc , I was impressed about the design , it was more luxury than practical though , just 2 months of ` none-intense ' use and 3 keys from the keyboard are like `` hanging in the air '' , i said wow how delicated is this , thank god i havent drop it down yet . I also have to remark that key registration on screen is deficient . I did chose HP because of its compatibility and you can find lots of helpful programs on Internet , but next time , I will pick Texas Instrument for my next calculator , is better and cheaper.Sorry HP , you killed yourself with this product , you have lost a customer .
 I am an RPN devotee and have owned two other HPs going back to the original 11C . But this calculator is horribly unreliable because it seems to ignore key entries occasionally . -LRB- Although you hear and feel the click , nothing happens -RRB- Also , the keys themselves may `` bust loose '' and start to wobble even after little use . This is my third replacement in the last two years . Be sure and save your receipt because quality control is absent on this one .
 This is a fast calculator with a host of features , such as a really good symbolic and computational algebra & calculus system . The display is quite large and readable . It comes with a nice leather case.But it has severe problems , too . The keys do n't always register -LRB- HP told me that this is solved in currently shipping models ; this remains to be seen , I had two that did n't reliably register keystrokes -RRB- . Even worse , the calculator crashed . Yes , it locked up during a routine task , and had to have its batteries removed -LRB- and memory reset -RRB- before it would respond to keystrokes . I exchanged my first 49G + , and then returned the second for exactly the same unacceptable behavior.If you want a calculator for light use , graphing , no programming , this might be a good one to get . If you want one that is reliable , I suggest that you look for a used 48GX or 48G + , at least until they work out the bugs in early production versions of the 49G + . My problems were in November 2003 .
 This thing is faster than the 48G by a significant margin , but the keys are so loud that I would n't want to use it in a classroom when taking a test . And if you 're looking for the equation library 's list of equations , you wo n't find it . The 48G 's keyboard looked cooler , too . The arrows on the 49 are n't labeled , and the NXT key is in the wrong place . I 'm going to let my dad use it , and I 'll keep using the 48G .
 I did n't dare upgrade to this model when my 49G suddenly stopped working . I read the 49G + manual and it 's basically the same , tired design . Over my years of ownership I wanted to like my 49G but I never really did . It was slow , the keyboard response poor and the software mediocre . After I upgraded the flash memory to an official version the symbolic integration stopped working . I wish HP did so much more , but they are n't . I need to buy a new calculator - guess I 'm getting a TI-89 Titanium . How about their non-graphing calculator design with the v-shaped keyboard - ridiculous . Engineers do n't need marketing flash - who 's running their company ? HP calculators need to be rescued . Professional engineers have money for a nice calculator , why are they skimping ? Even though computers obsolete some calculator functionality , if designed well , calculators are still indispensable .
 I got this calculator about a year ago . There was some locking up problems and sometimes it would not turn on . I updated all the ROMs like HP instructed . Finally , I got a replacement from HP . But it turns out it was some old refurbished one that the enter key smashed in after I used it for 10 minutes . I had to pay to send this one back and now , they sent me another old used replacement . Most of the gold paint has flaked off the front of this one and also around the side trim . It started missing keystrokes with the latest ROM , so I had to go find an old ROM from last year on the Internet . The keyboard is piss poor and makes a `` thunk '' noise , annoying when I am taking a test and to the people around me . Also , the right shift key started feeling loose today.The 49g + calculator has already been replaced with the 50g . Do n't expect any sympathy from HP either for any 49g problems . Their plan seems to be to keep recycling these refurbished ones until all the warranties run out , and then they do n't have to deal with the 49g + complaints anymore .
 The processor is very good , and the calculator more powerful than the TI 89 , which in a way is too bad , because the cheap poor construction , bad keys , broken bezel after 4 months , and lack of documentation disappoint , and makes one mourn for what might have been had HP spent another couple of bucks to better house their concept .
 I 've had a variety of hp calculators over the years and I 've been very happy with them . From the first time I used one 15 years ago I recognized how superior they were to other calculators so I 've used nothing but hp for the past 15 years . My most recent hp was the 48gx . I love the `` feel '' of the way its keys work , just like other hp calculators I 've used . There 's something special about the way the keyboard feel 's . A good positive response . When you hit a number you could be sure it registered by the way it felt . Positive and firm , but not too firm -LRB- like the 49g + -RRB- . Since I 've received my 49g + I no longer feel that way about hp.HP made a MISTAKE in redesigning the `` feel '' of their keyboard . The 49g + is NOT like other hp calculators I 've used . If you 're used to the hp `` feel '' and are considering the 49g + , you 'll be very disappointed with this calculator . I made a mistake in buying it online without trying it first and `` feel '' like returning it . Next time I 'll shop around more.The 49g + could also use some help in the display area . Although usable , the graphics are a little too crude . It 's legible , for the most part -LRB- larger numbers are fine -RRB- , but various menu 's not so easy to read sometimes . I can live with the graphics , but the keyboard has got to go .
 The advice from this review is from a long time HP user , withvery enjoyable `` heavy user '' programming experience with manyHP past `` legends '' like the HP-25 , HP-67 , HP-41C , HP-15C , HP-34Cand HP-48GX models.Unfortunately , sharing a consense with many other reviews onthe HP-49G + , my experience after just 3 months of use of theactual Top of Line HP product , is simply the Worst possible.I will not readress many of the blatantly evident designingflaws , already mentioned on previous reviews , but stress onsome not so common problems , which might have a direct impacton a potential new buyer decision -LRB- towards avoing thisextremely risky HP model -RRB- . A Serious Hardware Flaw : Aside from the delayed keybounce problem , with some keyssometimes not being recognized , even though firmly pressed , -LRB- which in my opinion may not be just a hardware problem atall , but simply some flaw on the 49G + operating system ROMprogram , persisting on the most actual version 1.23 , whichsometimes `` looses '' the key pressed due to some bad poolingof the keyboard scan rate -RRB- , there is a Real , Worse andSerious hardware flaw , which HP tries not to `` disclose `` to its customers , and such project flaw is that some ofthe plastic keycaps , do not have enough resistence to holdup with the stress of even a regular -LRB- casual user -RRB- usage.This fact is noticed on another review , which indicates thatafter 3 months of regular use , 3 of the keys where left ona `` floating '' state , like hanging on the air ... That `` floating '' state of a key , is just the first stage of aTotal and Complete keycap failure , leading on a couple ofhundred keystrokes later , to a Completely broken key , whichalthough entirely loose from its plastic sustentation , doesstill function if pressed with extreme care so as not todefinetively damage the key sensor mechanism.The described problem happened to my HP49G + after just 3 monthsof regular use , with an initial audible `` crack '' of one of theplastic sustentations of the backspace key , and a hundred strokeslater , on another definitive crack of the second and last plasticsustentation , leading the key to a completely `` loose '' state -LRB- even though still working if pressed with extreme care -RRB- . Contacting an official HP representative , I have foundthat the maintenance cost of a keyboard replacement , is about 3/4 the price of a new calculator , turningsuch procedure in an extremely non attractive option.My opinion , endorsed by other comments , is that there areevident keyboard project flaws , that HP insist in notpublic revealing , since that would imply on a completere-engineering of the actual Chinese production line ofthe 49G + -LRB- and probably also 48G II -RRB- keyboards.A Non Economic project flaw : Even though mentioned that the battery life problem couldbe somehow fixed by the new ROM 1.23 version , my experiencewith the most up to date ROM , is that the 49G + `` eats '' Top ofline -LRB- Ultra -RRB- alkaline batteries , in a faster rate than any otherportable electronic device of the same kind.If you careful notice , the HP manual does not even provide acrude estimation of any battery life expectation ... My experience hanged from an initial 2 months life with verylow usage -LRB- not demanding excessive computer algebra processing -RRB- , to an unadmissible less than 1 month life , with some usualcomputer algebra routine calculations , on a regular basis.A Not so serious Hardware flaw : Sometimes the calculator simply turn Off while pressing somekey . Sometimes this problem happened near the end of batterylife , but before the low battery sensor indicated the needof battery replacement.Of the noticed hardware flaws , this seems to be the lessharmfull one , since after pressing the On button , the calculatorreturns to its previous unaltered state.Notice however that some other users have experienced completehardware `` freezes '' , meaning that some unavoidable loss of datamight end up , if one eventually succeeds in some `` awekening `` procedure.Some Unavoidable software flaws : The CAS simplification routines , simply try to factoreverything it is faced up with.Simply enter for example : -LSB- square_root -RSB- -LRB- 5 - -LSB- square_root -RSB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- with -LSB- square_root -RSB- denoting the square root key.The result one ends up is just : -LRB- 5-sqrt -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- * sqrt -LRB- 115 +23 * sqrt -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- / 23which clearly is Less simple than the originalexpression -LRB- even tough , expressed on a factoredform ... -RRB- . Such kind of nuisance happens only on some expressionsof the form
 I have owned several HP calculators
 My first HP calculator was an HP-45 in the mid 70 's , then an HP-55 , 25 , 15 , 11 , 41CX , and finally I got a couple of 42s 's . The 42 's are the best I 've used with a keyboard that is perfect for me . I bought the HP-49 + on the web as no one carries them locally . The calculator 's calculation powers are very good -- those of us who went to college in the 60 's and learned to do calculations with slide rules and all calculus problems by hand will shake our heads in amazement.But HP missed the boat on this calculator by not demanding what was good about their previous calculators . Here are my major disappointments with the product :1 . The keyboard is atrocious . You can get a click as tactile feedback that you 've entered a character , but that 's not sufficient to see if it was actually entered . As one reviewer noted , you have to look at the display . This is a major , major design screw up . I can only guess that the hardware was not designed by HP -LRB- contracted out to some Taiwan firm more interested in cost reduction -RRB- .2 . Another reviewer noted the design screw up with respect to complex numbers . I like to see my complex numbers displayed as either ' 1 + 2i ' and occasionally as magnitude/phase . But , you 're only given the choice of -LRB- re , im -RRB- . This was a major oversight .3 . The manuals are far from the quality of earlier calculators . I 'd desperately like to have a printed manual , but I guess such a thing does n't exist . The manual was also written by a person to whom English was n't a first language -LRB- although , to be fair , it 's much better than some other documentation I 've seen from the Far East -RRB- . Finally , the manual should have been editted by an experienced editor -- there are just too many mistakes.Personally , I would n't have cared if the calculator was $ 150 , $ 200 , or whatever . I buy something like this for long term use and the initial cost is not terribly important . I want it to become a long term , dependable friend . I still have my two HP-42s 's and my HP-11c and I treat those with kid gloves , because they 're not easily replaceable . I do use the HP-49 + , but somewhat grudgingly , as it 's not quite the friend it should be.I worked at HP for 25 years and I 'm a bit ashamed of this product -- it 's not up to HP 's standards.Finally , I 'm not so sure of the place of this type of calculator . If I have a significant problem to work on , I 'll use my own software or some tool like Mathematica . I can see how some of the symbolic calculations might be of use to a student , but I wonder how useful all those features are to the average user . I think HP would do its customers a favor by starting up production of some of the popular calculators from the past . The two I 'd recommend are the 42s and the 15C . The programmer 's calculator in the 15C form factor also still appears popular -- anyone I know who has one certainly wo n't sell it .
 I will start by saying that I prefer doing all of my computaions in RPN . Currently , HP is the only company that I know of that still has calculators with this capability . I also previously owned the HP 49G , which was all but useless since it was too slow and seemed to get hung up on calculations that a TI 89 could whip through . Also , the HP 49 had abysmal documentation on how to actually operate any of the features or actual definitions of all the function calls built into the calculator . When I heard that HP was coming out with an upgraded version though , I was curious . I had even found an advanced release to the full instruction manual to the HP 49G + . At this point I found out what the HP calculators were able to do and found them to be more robust than the TI 89 , assuming that you were willing to put the time into learning how to get the most out of this calcultor . I eventually shelled out the money for this calculator when it came out.Ever since then , this calculator has been a bit frustrating . Being an electrical engineer , complex numbers appear almost in everything that I do . I found the way that this calculator handles complex numbers to be horrible . I think that the TI 89 does a better job at this by allowing the user to format complex numbers in either rectangular or in magnitude/phase format . Instead this calculator has a the format '' -LRB- real , imaginary -RRB- '' . I guess that this is fine if you are doing everything in rectangular format , but usually it is usually more relevant to have it in magnitude/phase . I mean the obvious solution to put into this format requires an additional 4 keystrokes or just write a program , but the TI 89 allows for displaying complex numbers in either format . There are some other things that bother me about this calculator as far as the interface goes , but let 's talk about the things about the hardware that bother me.First , the whole reason that I am even writing this rant is because I needed to replace the batteries , which itself is a topic that I will get to shortly . Before I removed the AAA batteries , I was checking to see if I needed to move any programs around in memory and then turned it off . When I took the batteries out of the calculator and inserted new , out of the package batteries and then tried to turn it on , the calculator did not turn on . I then tried hitting the reset button on the back of the calculator but this still did not solve the problem . I tried looking for the troubleshooting section in the online manual for the calculator , but it was of no help . I them assumed that maybe the addition CR2032 battery for the memory was kaput , and replaced that , but guess what . You got it , the calculator did not turn on . I have also tried all of the various hard/soft restart keystrokes and it still has not come to life . I figured that I might be able to repair this thing if I were only able to open the calculator up , but the plastic case is held shut by what looks like plastic rivets , meaning that once I pop this thing open , there will be little chance of putting it back together again properly.Second , I noticed that since I have owned this thing , it consumed batteries like nothing . When I first was using this calculator , I had to replace the batteries in the first 3 months . Tonight , in reading some other reviews , apparently the battery life can be extended by downloading a newer firmware revision , so this can be remedied , but it is still no excuse . It appears to me that HP 's first solution to the super slow 49G was to increase the clock speed . This is great , but obviously someone forgot that faster clocks also increase power consumption . Duh !!! They did n't even attempt to imporve any of the internal algorithms at all.Third , the keyboard is a bit ackward . This comment is noted by many others , and I eventually got used to it , but this is definitly not a calculator you would want to have while taking a test . You may not have a problem with it personnaly , but your neighbors might.I give the calculator 2 stars beacuse it has RPN . It seems that overall HP did very little to actually improve the performance of this revision . They only seemed to modify the hardware and little in the software , and the job that they did with the hardware was quite poor . I 'm really disappointed with HP . It seems that the quality of their products has taken a turn for the worse . If HP does decide to revise their calculators again , I would hope that they would do more than just giving their machines a face lift and do some actual improvements to everything and not take the cheapest way out .
 I am-or was-a devoted user of HP scientific calculators . As an engineer I use HP 's daily , and have developed several hundred programs over almost 30 years of use . I have purchased models from the HP-25 up to the 48GX and have developed hundreds of useful programs for various models over the past 25-or-so years . So what a major disappointment my purchase of the 49GX was . Yes , its power is awesome ; head and shoulders above the 48 's . But the tactile feel of the keyboard of earlier calculators has been replaced with keys so stiff even turning the calculator off sometimes requires three or four attempts . And the keyboard problems result in numerous computational errors
 I recently purchased a 49g + to upgrade from 48gx . After 2 replacements from HP I gave up on getting one with a keypad that works properly and returned it for a refund . I had read where the keyboard problems were solved but it does not look that way to me.The folks at HP tech support ensured me that the two replacements were from the latest batch -LRB- Jan 04 -RRB- and that the alignment problem did not exist.On the first calculator , the F1 key was intermittent . On the second , the problem was with the backspace and swap . On the third , the ' 1 ' key felt significantly different than the others and the swap key also worked intermittently.The problem is that you sometimes feel the mechanical ` click ' before the key press is actually registered . This means that you have to constantly watch the display to make sure your keystrokes were acknowleged.Other than the keyboard problem I really liked the calculator . It was much faster than my 48GX and the contrast and size of the display was very nice . I may try again in a few months and see if they worked out the problems .
 I have just had my faulty blue HP49g replaced with the flash gold HP49g + . The blue one developed some sort of bug and would crash after a few days of operation with new batteries . It also had some inexplicable internal bugs that were very annoying . The replacement is not much better . As others have said the keys are very sticky and noisy and do n't always register even after hearing the click . I have also had several crashes and had to do too many cold reboots and some times it just freezes up on an operation and needs to be reset with a pin through the hole underneath . Also I do n't seem to be able to find documentation for gaining access to the extra lines of display . The MODE screen just turns on and off the header information but does n't extend the stack screen area or give a larger area to graphics ??? Is this just a con job to sell more machines ? It has the potential to be a very good calculator but just does n't seem to have the same care and quality in production as the HP48 series . I had an HP48gx for 4 years without a murmur of a problem . But these last two machines have tested my patience just a bit too much . I have also noticed that the WAIT command seems to give different time results in programmes . If used with the tone generator it gives inconsistent tone quality . I think HP really need to put some serious thought in to what they are making or get out and leave it to TI and Casio . I have been an HP man for a long time but I think the new Casio ClassPad300 is very tempting in the light of all the bad vibes going around on HP calcs.UPDATE COMMENT ... 7 DEC 2006 ... about 18 months ago I managed to upgrade the ROM which seemed to fix a lot of the little bug type problems I was having . The keys are still unsatisfcatorily sticky but the calculator performs much better and with twice the battery life for some reason . The reports on th HP50g seem really positive compared to this machine so I think another trade-in might be in order but for now what I have got seems to be doing the job . Oh , and like another review the black plastic band on my machine also broke but a small dob of super glue fixed it .
 Sorry to do this to you HP . The HP 49G + does have some pluses , namely speed and memory , screen clarity is good . But the biggest drawback is the quailty of the manufacturing . This calculator should have some weight to it , -LRB- maybe I 'm being to nostalgic ? -RRB- . But it is super light and has cheap written all over it . It lacks that built to last feel like the older models . The keys are raised plastic , but it still has a very hard feel to it when you press on any of the keys . The softmenus of the screen flickered on the one I had . I updated the rom and reset it to the new version and the flicker was still there . And some of the keys need to be pressed twice just so that they can show up on the display . I was initially happy to find out that HP was again making new RPN calculators only to feel let down with this new model . Still a lemon . My advice to HP , please listen to the legions of folk that have used the RPN calculators over the years and put back into production the HP 15C , 11C , 32S , 41C , 48GX or even better yet please open a very special assembly line for the 42S in the US and not at your Kinpo Factory in China . -LRB- I do n't mean to be rude to the Chinese -RRB- . My advise to they masses , save your money , do n't get burned like me , and force HP to make a quality product by calling them and demanding it .
 As an engineer , I 've used nothing but hp calculators due to their obvious superiority . When I used my hp48gx to it 's grave , and a lot of use/abuse it took , I bought the newest and `` best '' hp on the market ... I was sorely mistaken . This calculator has poor key response and is prone to malfunction . The reliability of my calculator is key to me , and I plan on returning this one and getting a used 48gx . Hopefully the next generation hp calculator will return to past quality .
 Do n't do what I did.I bought this cheap embarrassment of a calculator from a magnificent company because I was looking for an `` updated '' HP . I figured I 've owned my trusty 48G for quite a while now , the new model must be the same high quality and packed with great new features , after all , it 's an HP.Was I ever disappointed ! The `` feel '' is cheap . It feels like it came out of a box of Cap'n Crunch . And now , yes , the buttons have begun to fail -LRB- it 's a couple months old -RRB- . I do n't care how many fantastic features a calculator has , if you ca n't punch in data reliably you ca n't do diddly ! Only after this happened did I bother to check out Amazon.com . Lo and behold ! Other customers are having the same troubles and more ! How long before I discover the rest of the problems ? Never mind ! I 'm going back to my 48G . If you are looking for an HP calculator get a 48G or 48GX . They are worth the extra cash . I 've done everything from balancing my checkbook to solving systems of differential equations with my 48G .
 The short story : --------------- The very bad
 I will make my point in less than a few sentences . This calculator is the largest mistake that HP Calculator division has ever made . It is simply a build on the HP48ish code with some speed improvements - that I can accept . What I CAN NOT accept is the sorry excuse for a keyboard and user interface . My calculator died just after a few months . From what I read online , HP lost the ability to design the old style reliable key interface in the 48G series graphing and the 32SII series scientific . I 'm glad I still have my 48GX and use my 49G + warranty replacement as a neglected backup . What I want is the same form factor as my 48GX with much more speed and fancy features -LRB- todays graphics -RRB- with the same reliability - not too much to ask .
 I can not trust the answer this calculator provides due to the bad keyboard . The problem with the keyboard is that not all key presses are recognized by the calculator even though the key was firmly pressed . What this means is , unless you very careful and double check you calculator usage , the answer can not be trusted . From this point of view , the calculator has negative value!Btw , this is my second HP 49g + . I used HP 's warranty and returned the first as defective .
 This calculator is terrible . At first the keys did n't register then they release a firmware upgrade that has keys registering twice or more , for instance I press 1 and I get two or three 1s on the screen . Many people including myself at first would think that complaining about the keypad is just nitpicking but the keypad is really so bad that it makes the calculator nearly useless . Also the key presses make a loud hollow sound which tends to be distracting in a quiet environment such as a classroom during an exam . Next , considering the processor and software running on this calculator hp could 've made an effort to put an improved display on it but they did n't . I give it 2 stars because the CAS is really genial although the documentation is so bad , it makes it really hard to learn .
 I use HP calculators my entire professional life . This is the worst one I see . I purchased TWO HP 49G + . One for myself and the other for my son . The first one failed within one month - my son told me that it has funny characters on the screen . Mine just failed -LRB- 4 months old -RRB- . The thing just wo n't turn on and have some black vertical lines on the screen .
 A $ 150 calculator that I am going to trash . I had the same problem with the keyboard -LRB- terrible response -RRB- ; I struggled with it for about a year and then called HP . My warranty was out , so Hp suggested I install an update , which I did . Now the keys are firing off 3 or 4 digits with one press of the button . This is ridiculous .
 I bought these to replace a box I purchased years ago at an office supply store for use in my workshop . Because I ca n't find a good electric pencil sharpener that cuts a 30 degree point -LRB- most cut a much longer 23 degree point -RRB- , I found using each short pencil until it was n't sharp enough anymore to be both cost and time effective.I purchased this box of pencils expecting them to be like my old box . Not so . These pencils are all poorly sharpened . The tips are so dull that they are n't usable for marking woodworking dimensions .
 I 'm using my binder for attorney paperwork and place my papers inside of plastic sleeves before putting them in the binder . One of the rings does n't close well enough so every time I flip through the papers/sleeves , it either gets caught or the sleeves fall out . I 'm not happy with the binder and will not buy this brand again . I did n't even buy mine on Amazon ... I bought mine at Office Depot . I noticed that another `` reviewer '' has the same problem with his binder rings as I do mine . I would not recommend .
 This item is so poorly made that by the time I received the item the corners looked as if the plastic chipped off of them . Almost as if it could n't handle the slight banging received during shippement . And it could n't have been the shipping that was horrible because the cardboard that the plastic covers were n't banged up ... its like a mouse got hubgry took a few bits of the plastic and found something better to chew on once it got the plastic . I am returning them and doubt I 'll ever even consider buying this brand again.I 've seen cheaper for far better quality .
 For a long time I was looking for a scale that measured less than 5 ounces accurately . I thought I found one with the Royal eX-3 . When I first got it , it was acting kind of weird . What I mean by this is , when I pressed the power button , nothing would pop up on the screen . So I figured that was because the unit was new . Then I tried to turn the unit off , it would n't go off . This scale turns off by itself after 2-3 minutes so I had to wait for it to do that . So I turned it on again , low and behold the 0.0 that is supposed to appear came on the screen . I started weighing stuff and it was excellent . Then I did n't use the scale for a few days , the same thing that was happening to me when I first got it started happening again . UGH ! Simply pressing the power button on this unit did n't do the trick . I had to press the power button again but quickly then the 0.0 would appear . This is crazy . Then something else started happening . When I would press the power button , the numbers started going up and up for no reason and there was n't even anything being weighed on the scale.This scale is erratic , unpredictable and a total waste of money.Please take my and everyone else 's advice on here and do n't buy this scale . It 's basically just a poorly made plastic toy .
 I purchase this scale , it worked great for just 4 months.Now it is not working.Very Disappointed .
 Really liked mine for about 2 years until it started to get flaky . Put a new battery in , and was still flaky , in a different way ... Called their customer service who said I should buy a new one .
 I purchased this item April 2001 . It worked great at first but it refused to work 4 months later . I tried a new battery even though the first battery was still good . I returned the scale to the store where I purchased it and they gave me another . I could not get a refund because I was returning it after the store 's 90 return period . I got the new scale home and it did not work either ! Same problem . It would turn on , but would not show the weight . A piece of junk .
 Be warned ! I purchased this scale new and had to return it . It never worked . When I turned it on I got a quick flash of a 0.0 and then dotted lines . I leveled it with a leveling bubble and continued to get the lines . The manual does not have any answers so I went to their website '' -LSB- ... -RSB- '' . I could not find anything to help me in the `` Support '' section or the `` Help '' section . I really needed to weigh packages for mailing and I ca n't believe the company does n't even have a troubleshooting guide . I even got the engineer next door to look at it and we decided it is just garbage and a big waste of money and TIME !! Save yourself .
 I bought this scale to weigh my kid 's pinewood derby car . It was a little tedious at best right out of the box . With a little patience I got it to work correctly . I put the scale away , and got it out the following year for the same reason . This time , however , I get nothing but a bunch of dashes across the LCD . Waste of money .
 Brand new out of the box
 I would have given this product four stars . It did everything it was supposed to . I would have given it five stars except that large envelopes easily block the display screen - and that 's just bad design.But after a couple of years my scale turned into a paperweight . One minute I 'm happily weighing a 5 oz pinewood derby car with my 8 year old son , and the next minute we 're not having anymore fun . It did n't get dropped or anything , it just stopped working from one minute to the next , and that 's just bad engineering.So yeah , unless you need a paperweight , this product is useless .
 This scale was a complete waste of money . It seemed to work well for a few months , then started registering different weights for the same item or not registering a weight at all , even after changing batteries . The only advice I got to my inquiries of customer service was to toss this one and buy a new one . Another scale from Royal ? I do n't think so . Someone should explain the importance of reliability -- of a scale and of customer service -- to the clueless gang at Royal .
 This little postage scale was great when it worked , but it only lasted for two years of very light duty . I probably weighed 2 or 3 letters or small packages per week during that time , so this item did not suffer from heavy use . If you want something more durable , look elsewhere .
 I bought one of these . After about 6 months , it died . Bought another , it refused to turn on , brought it to the store and got a different one that turned on . This one died in the same timeframe . Towards the end of their lives they both got rather inaccurate , off by as many as 4 oz ! They may be cheap , but I 'm never buying one of these again .
 I bought this scale thinking that I would use it to send an occasional small package with stamps rather than having to go to the post office.I bought a 9v battery for it and after intalling it and testing it several times I realized that it was n't going to work.When I took the scale apart I discovered that it was basically an electrical resistance meter and that the problem was an electronic one that I could not fix.So If you need a small postal scale I would recommend a mechanical one rather than this one .
 I bought this scale primarily for weighing letters and small packages for my business . It did not work and I am disappointed . This failure has caused me many problems and inconveniences . DO NOT BUY !!
 The ex5 worked well until I changed the battery . Then it did the worst possible thing
 My company purchased this scale about two years ago . At about the year point , variations in letter weight started happening depending on where I placed the envelope on the scale . At this point , the scale is nearly useless .
 This scale is not reliable and will never buy this again ... : -LRB-
 We purchased this scale about a year ago and only used it a few times ... really needed to weigh a package today and found that the LCD readout had gone out . Tried new batteries , but still will not work .
 This would really be a great dictionary if the company allowed it to be installed on one 's own SD Card . Instead , one must remove your card and install the one that came with the product each time you want to use the dictionary.Handmark 's Oxford English Dictionary allows you to install without requiring its own dedicated card . However , once you reach high school age , this dictionary is worthless . There are few words more than 2 syllables long in it.Too bad the much more advanced Merriam Webster Dictionary is so unuseable .
 This is the only card that has ever failed to work on my Palm Tungsten C , so I know it 's not a hardware problem with my PDA . The handheld device recognizes the card and FileZ shows that the programs and databases are present and available , but the program does n't run -- the only response I get is `` Loading from card . Please wait . '' But nothing happens . My repeated queries to tech support via its Web site have gone unanswered . Do n't count on any help from the company if you also get a lemon .
 I bought this dictionary for use with a Palm T3 . The dictionary is pretty good and reasonably comprehensive . However , it uses the MobiPocket 4.6 as the reader software . It never tells you that anywhere , I just happened to download this sofware earlier and recognized it . This reader is horrible for a dictionary . When you try to make the letter `` t '' or `` i '' using Grafitti it triggers the go back action . Also if you try to delete a letter it triggers the go back action . It also does n't take advantage of the full screen . These shortcomings seem to all be addressed in the new 4.7 reader but it is not clear yet if I have to buy the new reader -LRB- which costs just about as much as this card -RRB- and if I do if I can even use the new reader with the card 's databases . It was inexcusable to marry this dictionary to an inappropriate reader and furthermore to not disclose that anywhere .
 Sure , the dictionary has a lot of words , but the problem is finding them . The search screen is extremely jumpy when using the graffiti interface . I can rarely get more than a couple letters in the search box before the program jumps off to the wrong word.Now my graffiti skills are pretty good ; I do n't have this kind of problem with other Palm programs . The dictionary 's search program -LRB- MobiReader ? -RRB- does n't want to wait for t 's to be crossed and i 's to be dotted . So a search for ` tea ' and you 'll end up with the first word starting with ` L' . I 've resorted to using the popup keyboard screen to enter words . Not what I 've come to expect from Palm-based programs .
 This is not a dictionary you can download onto your memory card . It comes on its own memory card , which you have to insert into your pda to use . You have to carry this dictionary card around with you and when you want to look something up , take your card out of your pda and then insert this one . It 's impractical . For me it was a waste of money .
 I got this for my new PalmOne Zire 72 . The dictionary has lots of function but does n't work well with my palm . Everytime when I try to write a `` t '' , it will go back to the previous screen instead of having a `` t '' on my word . And the software itself is not easy to use . After I have used it for a few times , it started to crash my operating system everytime I try to open the dictionary or insert the dictionary sd card to my palm . If you own a Zire 72 , my best suggestion is not to get this dictionary . I returned mine and got another different one ; it does n't have as many functions as the Merriam-Webster 's , but it works great and easy to use . Most importantly , it 's completely capatible with my palm pilot .
 I needed a combo answering machine and speaker phone and cordless phone . I have suffered for 1 1/2 years and ca n't stand it any more . The phone is terribly didtorted and unusable when it is in a bad mood , and the answering machine frequently fades out completely.Now believe it or not , I own 2 of these monstrosities due to the nature of my business . I am trying to find a substitute ASAP !
 One of the problems with these kinds of phones is that manufacturers will cut corners with the battery or recharge mechanism to get a lower price point . As a consumer , what you think is a great deal turns into a paper weight far too rapidly.I have had this phone for under a year , and the handset starts to fade after being out of the cradle for 10 minutes . After 1 hour on standby , it is likely that it will not be able to communicate with the base station , or it will not transmit your voice well.Lastly -- the UI for setting the clock and other settings is terrible . You ca n't do it without the instruction book . I give that a design grade of
 Biggest piece of junk I 've encountered . Both I and my brother inlaw bought this phone ... both only lasted a year .
 Noisy reception . Horrible UI . Stop charging the handset after 1 year .
 We bought this phone and returned it three times for repairs within a year . Now the earpiece went to hell such that folks can hear what we 're saying but we ca n't hear them . Perfect for the budding narciscist but good for little else . One Sony-authorized North American repair facility requires mailing the phone back and forth and results in a 4-week delay and a -LRB- Money -RRB- charge if the repair technicians ca n't detect or wo n't acknowledge the problem . How handy is this ? I 'm buying something else ... based more on customer ratings than brand-name ...
 The handset volume was too low ; all conversations had to be turned up to be heard , even in a quiet room . The handset was not clear for either party . Sounds were `` clipped '' . The recordings on the answering machine were unintelligible and had to be repeated several times . The message counter only indicated new messages , so there was no way to gage how many old messages might be on the machine without playing them . The beeping tone indicating new messages was nearly inaudible . No backup battery in base to keep settings in case of power outage . And , lastly , it was nice being able to perform any answering machine functions from the handset on my last phone ; no such feature on this phone . At least the handset was n't so small it could n't be held or cradled between your cheek and shoulder . I returned the item to the store from which it was purchased and am awaiting a new one to try .
 The phone seemed great , answering machine had problems with cutting off parts of message ... after 1 week , battery just would n't work , even though phone had not been away from base cradle except for actual phone calls . Replacing battery at my own cost did not fix . I returned item as faulty and would not recommend it to anyone .
 The quality of this phone is bad , even by Sony standards . During a call , the background noise worsens and will render most conversations inaudible . As others have noted , the answering machine will not record messages from quiet callers.Apply the cost of this phone to one of the more highly rated ones , otherwise you 'll pay twice - once for this piece of junk and once for its replacement .
 I have owned my phone for almost a year when the baseunit stopped charging the handset . I have spoke with several other owners of this phone and they had the same trouble . I could not find a schematic to trouble shoot the phone so I went out and bought a new cordless phone with answering machine .
 I thought this was a little heavier than it is ... seems kinda chintzy . I 'll be more careful the next time I buy it .
 I 've ordered two of these and the first i had to return because it was poorly packaged and i received it creased with a giant crack right down the middle . I reported what happened and amazon replaced it , however , they did not listen to my complaint about the poor packaging and I received the second pad in even worse condition . I finally called amazon and the representative recommended that I buy from somewhere else because he `` could not guarantee '' that the third one would not be damaged as well . Amazon is the devil .
 Similar to another reviewer , I received the desk pad with a full length crack down the middle of the pad . The packaging was flimsy and not marked in a way to prevent poor handling . The package had obviously been folded in half while in shipment . The result was a completely useless desk pad . I contacted seller after the 7 day damage notification period , and they reluctantly agreed to have UPS return and pick it up at no cost to me . Assuming a second pad would likely have the same packaging problem , I bought a desk pad at the local Staples .
 This product is brittle and arrived with the corners broken , creased in the middle and with the backing separated from the pad on the corners . I returned it immediately . Definitely would not recommend to others .
 This is the strangest paper I have ever used.Yes , it is glossy . No , it is NOT photo paper . In fact , using photo settings for your printout will make the output very muted/pastel . It actually works better in BrightWhite settings . Having said that , normal Bright White paper has better output and more vivid color.Although the package says 32 # , it is thinner than my 24 # bright white and feels thinner than 20 # . It over-saturates with ink very easily and dimples . It also usually curls up when it comes out of the printer from the ink moisture . I 've never had ANY paper ever do that.If you like to experiment with weird stuff you will really like this paper . If you are thinking , `` WOW ! What cheap photo paper ! '' , you are going to be very disappointed .
 I ordered this pack of premium recycled paper - and one pays a premium for this . It arrived in a sorry state . The paper packaging was completely torn , exposing the paper within , with some of the sheets soiled . I returned it.The replacement came today . Battered box , torn packaging inside , curled up exposed dirty edges of the product . It must have been packed already torn - the damage was not consistent with transit.Needless to say I am returning it again .
 I am sure this would be a great pointer if I did n't have to take the batteries out after each use to get it to work again . I have tried numerous types of batteries and basically the thing is a mess . Once the battery changing stopped being effective in getting it working again I had to take it apart and fix it . I expected more for the price .
 We are in a new age where Christianity is being removed from everything . It has Buddha , Confucius , Mohammed which are non-christian leaders birth , however , it does not have Christ 's birth . I had to add it to my copy .
 My old 32S-II died , and I wanted an RPN calculator to replace it . My ancient 15C is still running fine , but I keep it at home so I do n't have to haul calculators back and forth . My antediluvian HP 45 is still functional , but barely . I really like RPN calculators.I bought a 33S despite the funky keyboard . I found I could adapt to the oddball chevron key layout , and the tiny decimal point only bothered me occasionally . What drove my 2 star rating is the poor life of the calculator . It lasted barely more than a year , and then completely died . HP nevermore . I guess I 'm stuck typing silly parentheses into my new $ 10 Casio fx-260 Solar . If that one dies , I 'll just send in some boxtops and get another . `` Ave atque vale , '' RPN .
 Had to get this calc for the PE Exam . Basic , but not my old HP11 and 15 calcs . Calculator came with dead batteries and covered in sticky fingerprints from the factory . They may be making great profits , but seem to be sacrificing quality for cheap parts and labor . And what 's with the limited stack and hard to read comma ? If you need it for the PE Exam , get it , otherwise save up and purchase an older model on ebay .
 Engineers may face some hard times , we may go back to paper and pencil ! thats what my colleague said at work . Register while you can ! see what the NCEEC has to say ! Please leave a comment we would appreciate it !
 I had an old HP11C for many years and it finally succumbed to a major impact . Looking for a replacement and found one . This HP33S works just fine with its RPN capabilities . Growing up with RPN and having to settle for another HP11C on EBAY for $ 150 + was ridiculous . The HP33S works just as well once you get used to the function key locations.Calculator just a little bit larger for the shirt pocket than the HP11C but it will do .
 I replaced my dead 32SII with a 33S . I do n't like it . Just do not have the HP feel . Anybody know where I can repair my 32SII ?
 I was amazed with this labor intensive Gordian knot . It reminded me of using a computer before someone invented the mouse . -LRB- I am 70 years old . -RRB- I own the HP15C and have happily used it for years , but the idea of the choice of entry RPN or Algebraic is worthless and adds to the confusion as to how to enter anything . -LRB- Many entry steps in the manual are checked to indicate a difference . -RRB- This HP33s is the most difficult thing I have encountered , and it was hard for me to get the same answer twice , or even find the previous entry , when it came to something simple like evaluating or reevaluating a polynominal.I was amazed that the HP33s at one point in the manual suggested that if you are having trouble finding the roots , then -LRB- by hand -RRB- draw a graph . Well , how about having graphing capacity with the calculator ? Every other calculator around the same price does that!It seems obvious that TI has long ago proven that to avoid labor intensive entry , the use of formulas rather than endless key strokes is the way to go . The TI 86 at twice the price is well worth it , I assure you !
 As a long time user of an HP 15c , I needed a new calculator . Wanting to stay with reverse polish notation -LRB- RPN -RRB- , and needing a calculator which could be used with the professional engineer 's exam , I bought an HP 33s . It 's hard to distinguish the colors on the keys , the comma and decimal point in the display are hard to see and virtually indistinguishable . The V shaped layout of the keys are awkward . I think this calculator is a waste of money if you really use a calculator on a regular basis -LRB- say for work -RRB- . It 's now sitting on my shelf and I bought an HP 35s which also has RPN and is much much better . I still prefer my old HP 15c , which I still use after more than 20 years -LRB- it 's on its last legs and I 'll mourn the day it dies -RRB- !!
 I had a 32s for many years . When it finally died , I got this one . The calculator just feels cheap . It also goes through 2 cr2032 batteries every other month whether I use it or not . -LRB- My 32s lasted 2-3 years on a set of batteries -RRB- .
 I really wanted to like this calculator , but the display is a dealbreaker . 2.2222 looks like 22222 with a tiny little speck between the first two numbers . I use my calculators in a busy , dirty , dusty environment with variable lighting , and I simply ca n't easily see the decimal on this one.The styling is a little bit radical but I like it when designers take risks and so I 'm not counting it against . The rubber sides are a good feature , and the case and the manual are nice.Another thing , the batteries were relatively low when I bought the calculator . I had to replace them after one year of very light use.I 'm an HP fan but I really ca n't say too much nice about this calculator because I was only ever able to use it at my desk when I had nice conditions to really inspect the display every time I made a calculation . The programming is fun and I think the R/S key is better placed than on the HP 35s . I also think the 33s has a slight speed edge with the processor . I have n't run any formal tests to confirm this but the 33 feels snappier to me than the 35 .
 First issue : Check some examples from the manual first -LRB- say , conversion of coordinates polar < > rectangular -RRB- . It did not work for me . See if it works for you.As for calculator overall , nothing special . Just run of the mill calculator with too many things piled up on the keys.Second issue : As for PE exam -LRB- where it is , for some reason , one of the two calculators in the list -RRB- , a calculator lighter on features is more than sufficient , and you will not waste precious studying time to learn the quirks of a calculator .
 I bought this one after my HP48 Graphing calculator got stolen . HP must have changed how their RPN works because I 've made a number of calculation mistakes -LRB- getting different answers a number times in a row -RRB- using this calculator . I also hate that it has no `` undo '' function . That really kills . I really miss my HP48 and now seriously considering buying a used one .
 Our company purchased 11 of these calculators for replacements - the display is HORRIBLE ! Try typing 22.22 and try to see the decimal point . I 've seen better displays on the $ 6.19 calculators ...
 The 30 series of scientific calculators from HP are the best in the world -- but this new one -LRB- the HP 33s -RRB- has some serious quality problems.First -- and most irritating -- is the screen . The 32-sII had an LCD that was very flat , matte finish , and which could be viewed in any kind of lighting . The screen on the 33s has a strong shadow under all of the digits . It 's very difficult to read the screen from an angle because of this.The overall build quality has gone down from the 32-sII to the 33s . There is a less robust body and the molded parts have a poor finish.It works well for me despite these issues -- the 2-line screen shwos the Y register which is a cool improvement . Also there is a GREAT `` ENG '' key which puts a number into scientific notation either up or down -LRB- e.g. .00000423 becomes 4.23 E-6 ... you hit ENG again and it gives it to you as 4230 E-9 ... this makes switch from Pico-Farads to Micro-Farads and back very easy.The screen is the worst part , and it makes me scream to try to use it on an airplane with a single light over my seat . It really is hard to read .
 If you have had the opportunity to try and work with quality RPN calcs like the older HP-15C , you will feel totally disappointed with all newer HP models like this one . They feel like cheap junk in comparison . Please bring back the 15C ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This calculator , although it might allow you to see what you are typing in , it does not allow you to edit anything once you have entered it . This is by far the most terrible thing about this calculator . I would say that if you are not used to using HP calculators , do n't get this one . Get the Texas instraments TI-30X-IIS , you will get alot more for your money .
 Unless you have been using HP calculators or RPN all of your life do n't bother with the HP 33s . There is a steep learning curve and it is not worth dealing with.Get a Casio 115 model for the PE exam.I needed a calculator for the PE exam since my TI-89 was not allowed . I have used various TI calculators since middle school and for better or worse that is the way I feel a calculator should operate . Unfortunatly none of the TI calculators that are allowed on the PE exam can integrate , derive , or solve simultaneous equations.After spending two weeks attempting to learn how to use the 33s I have to say it is one of the most backwards calculators ever devised . The keyboard itself is nearly unreadable with its unintellegible labels and cascading v-shape . Too many key strokes are required to do simple operations and the decimal point is really small . Its a pain for a right thinking individual to use it in both RPN and algebraic mode and half the time the answer is wrong which I admit is user error due to it being impossibly hard to enter complex equations.In short , people who have never used an HP calculator would be better off with a more straight forward TI-89 or Casio 115 .
 you really do n't need to buy this product if you do n't have time to read through its text-book like manual .
 The left cursor key on my HP33S did not work right out of the box !!! Within 5 minutes , this thing was in the trash.I am a surveyor , and I need a good calculator . Unfortunately , this is n't one . Last time I buy an HP product .
 OK , but poor quality and has been replaced by the MUCH better HP35S . As of now , it is not yet sold by Amazon -LRB- but available elsewhere -RRB-
 Imagine pressing a key -LRB- like Enter or the decimal -RRB- you feel it click , you hear it click but nothing happens ! OK maybe it was just a fluke , maybe I just thought I felt and heard a click - this time look at my finger as it carefully presses the Enter key
 This a major departure from HP calculators of yore when HP offered unparalled quality and functionality . I bought it for the EIT exam and would not have bought it were it not for the fact it was the only RPN calculator on the NCEES approved calculator list at the time I took the EIT exam.The HP-33s keyboard layout is extremely cluttered . The chevron key layout is a major step backward . The keys are very hard -LRB- reminds me a lot of the HP42s -RRB- and the tactile feedback is totally subpar and uncertain compared to other HP calculators , frequently leading to wrong answers because of incorrect data entry . By this I mean that the keys do n't always register a data entry when pressed , especially when I punch in a number quickly . I always have to keep my eye on the display to make sure the number got entered correctly . I do n't have this problem with other HP calculators I 've used in the past . Prior to buying the HP-33s , I owned an HP-41c , HP-42s , HP-19BII , HP-12 , HP-17BII and every single one of these is far better constructed than the HP-33s . I disliked this calculator so much that I never bothered to learn how to use it beyond the most elementary functions required for my EIT exam . The only positive I can say about it is the rubber friction grips on the two sides is a good feature to prevent the calculator from being dropped.I think it 's too convenient to blame the low quality on the fact that it 's `` made in China . '' Older HPs were manufactured in Singapore , Malaysia , and Indonesia and were uniformly excellent . One does n't usually associate quality manufacturing with Malaysia or Indonesia , and yet older HP calculators from these countries were top notch . The bigger issue is regardless of the country of manufacture , HP lost the will power to produce a top notch product with the HP-33s and instead cut corners to compete with Casio and TI based on price.Now that the HP-35s is approved by NCEES , there is no reason to get the HP-33s . For only $ 9 more than the HP-33s on Amazon , the HP-35s is leaps and bounds better . Having said all that , I have to grudgingly admit that I did pass the EIT first shot when I took the exam using this calculator , but it 's probably more a case of `` in spite of it '' than `` because of it . ''
 HP33s is such a huge departure from their classic model it really renders this calculator almost useless . One becomes so prone to making errors that you sometimes feel like trashing it and using a TI . The enter key location is in an area you would not expect -LRB- bottom of keypad -RRB- . And it 's much smaller than any other earlier HP model . I get the sense they -LRB- HP -RRB- was trying to appeal to the scientific calculator user and the RPN users but it does not work ... it 's a horrible compromise . I own 2 HP32 model and this 33s model does not come anywhere close to that calculator . The key entry requires pounding to make sure the input is made . So many times I 've looked at my final answer and said `` what the heck is going on '' . Obviously , while not looking at the output screen for each and every input , you 're prone to making an entry mistake and never know it . I regret the purchase only because I was expecting more functionality and a return to the RPN root -- neither was achieved . My recommendation -LRB- long time HP user and fan -RRB- . . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 What a shame!Keyboard feels almost as good as 41CV and has RPN for a very good price.Decimal point is near invisible !!!! Anybody who has seen one can tell you the same . Just put in 2.3 and just try to see the decimal . Otherwise would be a great calculator . -LRB- What good is it if you ca n't read the number ??????? -RRB-
 I have owned top of the line graphing and scientific calculators from TI , HP , Casio , Sharp , etc. . Back when I was a student , TI 's were very cheaply made and often broke quite easily and similar HP products lasted almost forever . This machine , the HP33s , continues that HP tradition and is definitely put together very well . It is however very poorly implemented as a portable HP scientific calculator and to boot the keyboard is very poorly designed , oddly assembled in a characteristic V shape and overall just not very useful as a professional device for hand-held computations . The pros and cons as I see it are : PROS :1 -RRB- It has many of the standard features that we have come to expect on such a machine with the exception of statistical regressions beyond those that are strictly in the `` linear '' approximation -LRB- See CON below -RRB- . Matrix manipulations and a few others are totally missing however , so be careful and look at the available list of functions before buying this unit , just to be safe and not sorry later on .2 -RRB- The machine itself operates reasonably fast -LRB- in some cases it is actually faster than the now revered successor , the HP35s even though they have the same mathematical processor inside ! -RRB- .3 -RRB- It has a nice and quite modern , curved body design that sits very nicely both on a desk or on a table as well as in your hand , but I do n't like the `` feel '' of its keyboard .4 -RRB- Either the famous RPN -LRB- Reverse Polish Notation -RRB- and an algebraic Equation Operating System -LRB- EOS -RRB- are available to be chosen depending on the wishes of the user and on the problem to be tackled.CONS :1 -RRB- This unit initially had a absolutely awful decimal point problem that was even so bad that it was partially fixed by HP on later production units -LRB- since it was almost impossible to see the embedded decimal point , especially for certain number combinations -RRB- .2 -RRB- Some functions that you would readily expect to be available with a single key press require instead at least two key presses , but usually with only a single shift key press first .3 -RRB- The RPN learning curve is quite steep , although very well worth the considerable effort , but this will heavily deter some good students from learning the RPN skills that can be effectively used for your entire lifetime once they are successfully mastered .4 -RRB- The HP33s requires two coin cell batteries which are usually much harder to find than traditional AA or AAA batteries , but as a result the unit is almost pocketable and is very light .5 -RRB- HP should have already added into the ROM the other standard common regression types -LRB- power law , exponential and logarithmic curve-fits -RRB- instead of having to waste valuable programming memory space for them after they have been programmed in by hand by the user . These as well as many more types are now readily available on both simpler HP algebraic-only machines -LRB- such as the HP Smartcalc 300s -RRB- as well as on competing similar models by both Casio -LRB- the FX-115ES -RRB- and by Sharp -LRB- the EL-506B or the EL-506WBBK -RRB- .6 -RRB- There is no computer user interface available at all or even an external power adapter port .7 -RRB- It will not take the square root , etc. of negative numbers -LRB- it simply gives an error message -RRB- , but many other currently available scientific calculators will readily accomplish this task . It will work with complex numbers , but this lack of full capability is very limiting in my opinion .
 I was dissapointed with three flaws in this calculator . 1 . In the equation mode , equations can only be edited by back-spacing over the equation and retyping the equation . Not so with the hp 35s , which is what you would expect . 2 . When reading the display , a comma can easily be mistaken for a period . The display in the 35s is much better . 3 . The key-board is a departure from the classic HP style and feel . The hp 35s is a classic design . Like the hp 33 , the HP 35 is also allowable for use in the PE exam . If it 's a toss-up , get the hp 35 .
 I read all of the Amazon reviews and concluded that this was the best value in HP scientific calculators using RPN -LRB- and wanting a durable keypad unlike the HP 48/49 series -RRB- . I thought the unreadable decimal point issue -LRB- see others -RRB- was overblown , and I liked the idea of pre-programmed physical constants . Thus I was quite disappointed when it turned out the display is SO INFERIOR . Not only is the decimal point unreadable , but the pixelated numerals are absolutely unacceptable . My $ 10 TI calculator has a better display . Moreover , accessing the physical constants requires scrolling through a menu with nearly unreadable symbols , and you have to have the manuals to interpret the symbols unless you happen to remember the value of the physical contstant that you are seeking . I can get the number out of a textbook faster.I am an engineering professional and have preferred HP calculators for over 20 years . I have used cheap -LRB- but functional -RRB- TI calculators since I lost my last HP about 8 years ago -LRB- I am only now getting over the loss -RRB- . I resolved to get a new HP with RPN because I am tired of using the algebraic-entry TI in the office and my wife 's old HP 12 -LRB- RPN -RRB- at home . I returned the HP 33S to Amazon and will now but an old-style HP 12 financial calculator -LRB- and wait for the Qonos -RRB- .
 The decimal point problem is real , but I 'm getting around this by setting the display for using scientific numbers with 1 digit before the decimal point.The more troublesome problems are the computational errors . When converting from cartesian to polar coordinates , the calculator often returns a wrong answer if the starting x value is small . After I discovered this on my own , I eventually found it online as an obscure addendum to the manual . A related problem occurs when performing calculations with complex numbers . The answer may or may not be in error by pi . I called HP and they agreed that the algorithm is defective , but refused to refund my money or do anything about it . It looks like HP 's approach is to sell off all their inventory of calculators as is , defective or not , and then get out of the calculator business.This is disgusting . What happened to the old HP that always want to get it right ?
 This is a great calculator except one major flaw -LRB- especially if you like RPN . . and who doesn `` t !!!! -RRB- . Yes , there are a few things that peolpe are complaining about , most of which in my opinion are a matter of personal preference . However , one complaint that I have seen several times and that I agree with 100 % is the 1-pixel decimal point ! This is the biggest bone-head design error that I have seen in a long time . What were the designers thinking ! If something like 6.6 is displayed , it 's marginally OK . If 2.2 is displayed , the decimal point is virtually un-readable . The decimal point is a pretty important character to be so small that you have to scan the display to see if one may be hidden somewhere . The decimal should take an entire character space like every other calculator in the world . -LRB- I tried the `` comma-for-decimal-point mode '' , but to no avail -RRB- . All of the other great features of this calculator are dwarfed by this major flaw . I would wait until this was fixed before purchasing -LRB- too late for me -RRB- . I have contacted HP about this , and am waiting for a reply .
 Twenty years ago when I was an engineering student everyone had an HP and for good reason . They were more expensive but they were quality . Now they are expensive junk . I have a couple of old HP calculators that work great . However , I 'm finally reviewing for the PE and am being forced to choose from a limited number of calculators to use on the test.Since HP is still the only calculator with RPN and based on my past experience there was no other choice for me but HP . The younger students in the class tried to persuade me to buy the cheaper Casio but I would n't listen.What 's important in a calculator
 I was used to the HP 49G , which has an effectively infinitestack size . I just assumed that this would too , but noooo!The top of the stack is 4 . Type in the 5th variable , hit enter , and the 1st variable is gone!For me , this makes the calculator very unattractive . Had I knownthat the stack was only 4 registers , I would not have bought it.Also , like everyone else on this page says , the decimal point isway too small .
 The design looks like a junior marketing director 's failed attempt to make a `` cool looking calculator for the student demographic . '' The problem is , science and engineering students and professionals want something functional and ergonomic . This thing is an ergonomic disaster . Where 's the `` Enter '' key ? A big advantage of HP calculators is Reverse Polish Notation , and you need to hit the `` Enter '' key to use it . That 's why all of the innovative HP scientific calculators of the past had a big , easy to hit `` Enter '' key . This one hides it among all the other keys . Ridiculous.HP needs to bring back it 's best scientific calculator ever
 I have used HP calculators since the very beginning in the early 70 's . They were always the top scientific calculators until the early 90 's . The best calculator for some time has been the TI-89 . However , what strikes me about the HP 33S despite the difference in appearance and extra capabilities is how much it is like the old HP 15C which was a great calculator when it came out in the early 1980 's . I am convinced that this calculator uses much of the same architecture as the HP 15C . I think they used the 15C design and simply made improvements.This is the problem with HP . I do not think they have been serious about calculator design for years . The HP 48 had serious design deficiencies -LRB- it was a lousy programming caclulator -RRB- and went for years without improvement . In fact the HP 42 of the late 80 's was in many ways superior as a scientific calculator to this -LRB- the 33S -RRB- , but for some reason was dropped.I could go on for pages about the deficiencies of the 33S but basically I think it is obsolete . It has good qualities but it simply is not much more than the HP 15C of twenty years ago . Personally , I am finished with HP calculators . Unless they recommit to calculators in a serious manner , I regard them as history .
 I 'd use my old HP41 series but I ca n't for the PE exam.Cons - green and purple text on silver background hard to read . - 26 subroutine labels far to few for a programmable calculator . - one letter program identifiers far to short to remember . - tiny decimal point . - Vee-shaped keyboard layout.Heck , I really do n't like this calc.Pros . Turns on .
 The arrangement of the keys are not made professionally ! The case and wieght is not as HP style and it moves with any touch tone!If you are HP user do n't buy this particular one !
 I bought this calculator because I was afraid to lose my HP-15C while traveling.I really dont like the calculator because the butttons are oddly shaped and as a result they are difficult to press . Great action on the buttons is a hallmark of great HPs -LRB- 15 , 48 , 11 , 32 , 42 ... -RRB- In addition the screen is difficult to read.I was glad when mine finally died for some unknown reason . I mailed it back to HPs CEO and she was fired the next week . So ... maybe my letter had some effect .
 I believe this is the only approved programmable calculator on the NCEES approved calculator list . If you want a programmable calc for that exam , this is your baby . If you want a good easy to use programmable calculator for your day to day use , I would go up a couple of notches and buy the 50g -LRB- I have both -RRB- .
 The functions are OK but the ergonomics really suck on this one . No large -LSB- enter -RSB- key , crowded layout , fashionable -LRB- ? -RRB- v-shaped keyboard , crowded text , cheezy keys , display , name it . Rounded shape like a 9.99 $ calculator . I much prefer using my old 32SII and even older 41CV ... HP has a large number on fans who all disagree with the direction it is going -LRB- did you read any review cheering the new minuscule -LSB- enter -RSB- the new-and-not-improved keys ? -RRB- . Does HP own RPN ? Right now I am stuck because I can only work with RPN . I am really looking forward to a chinese company to start cloning HP42s and HP32SII 's ...
 HP calculators just suck these days.HP moved to watch batteries that have to be replaced often.There calculator suck these days.Where have all the program packs gone ?! HP had great products and then abandoned ship .
 After a couple months the keypad would enter the numbers properly making it useless ... I could probably fix it , but I only needed it for an exam
 I was forced to buy this calculator a few years ago in order to take the PE exam and I hate it . I use it a couple of time a week and each time I want to smash it into a million pieces or light it on fire . I understand the design resulted from a student competition . Someone find the person who designed it , wherever they are working now , if they are working , and fire them . The fact that the buttons do n't follow a horizontal line interferes with your brain 's ability to identify a pattern and makes the keys appear as a wildly-arranged field of keys . The numeral keys are not clearly distinguished from all the others , and scanning horizontally for the desired key is made impossible . Please , please , people at HP , abandon this design . Favor instead a design that accounts for usability .
 I used a 32sII at work for over 12 years . It was used when I got the position . It never gave me any trouble until the very end.The 33s , on the other hand , gave trouble from the start.I have to agree that the single pixel decimal and comma are almost impossible to see , especially at an angle . There 's no way to adjust the `` darkness '' of the numbers like on the 32sII . The small enter key is bad design.But what 's worse , almost immediately it started falling apart . One of the rubber feet fell off within a week.The decimal key went `` wobbly , '' and started being hard to use . Then the enter key , then the two , then the five . By `` hard to use '' I mean you have to keep an eye on the display ALL the time , because sometimes when you click a key , it does n't accept the input . It FEELS like you 've clicked , but nothing happens.This is bad when you spend your day using a calculator . I 've made do though , until now.About two weeks ago it just stopped accepting any input . I shook it a bit , pushed random buttons , and eventually got it running again . . Then I did the self-test and the manual self test , which it passed both perfectly.Now it 's `` died '' again . Does n't accept input.I 'm going to HAVE to get another one , but I can not recommend this to anyone who can use a non-RPN calculator .
 I purchased one of these at Walmart for $ 20 . It seemed to good to be true . Well it was to good to be true . Apparently HP sold Walmart a batch of defective units . Mine went through -LRB- very expensive -RRB- batteries at the rate of two per 6 months under very light usage . I already own an HP 11 and an HP 32S . They require new batteries about every 5 years . Walmart would not give me a refund .
 After my 32S died , I had no choice but to purchase a 33S . Wow , what a disappointment . The things that made HP 's so good had evaporated . The error free keyboard feed back , the simple , easy to read screen , the general quality feel ... All gone.For me , I make errors with this calculator > 25 % of the time which I did not make with my 32S . This is because the parallelagram keys induce errors from lack of input -LRB- click with no input -RRB- and they keys are too congested . I have tossed this junker and decided to get my 32S repaired . The 33S has made for a great used market for 32S 's . They 're going for ~ $ 150 or 3 times what they sold new .
 If you do not need to know where the decimal point falls in your answer , then this calculator is for you . If you do need to know , you are going to be frustrated by the similarity of the tiny commas and periods that look almost the same -LRB- For example , it is easy to tell the difference between 3.141 and 3,141 here but NOT on the 33s . -RRB- Buy a used HP 32SII -LRB- a true 5 star calculator -RRB- on eBay or wait for the next version from HP.Everything else on the 33s works as advertised .
 Get the 35s it is orders of magnitude better . It seems they used a dart board and a blindfold when deciding on the layout of the keyboard . Worst of all is there is no way to see the decimal point without a magnifying glass . The only positive thing is that it can be set to RPN -LRB- postfix notation -RRB- mode .
 The only reason to buy this inferior HP product is for the professional engineer 's licensing test -LRB- PE -RRB- . Its the highest HP calculator allowed in that test.Spend the money and get yourself a HP 48 or higher if your not going to take the PE . The reason for one star is because it is an HP product . Otherwise 2 line screens are a thumbs down and deserve 0 stars .
 Before you buy an HP 33s , key in 22.22 and see if your eyes can spot the decimal point . It 's about a half of a pixel ! After making numerous mistakes because of this bad design , I ordered an HP 49G + Graphics calculator with beautiful , clear characters . So if you have eyes like spiderman , you 'll probably be happy with the 33s .
 I love RPN calculators . Saw this one and was thrilled to see an RPN calculator that did NOT have the graphing capability . Not everyone needs a calculator for the SATs ; some of us work for a living . After a month the ' 8 ' key started sticking . Another friend of mine is on his 2nd calculator because of key pad issues . The ' + ' died on his . He is now looking at a Casios becasue the HP customer service support blew him off when he asked for 3rd calculator . I 'm still using mine , but once the ' 8 ' finally dies I 'm looking elsewhere.The following is an online petition to get the 15C back into production . These old HP calculators are going for $ 150-400 on ebay . Unreal!http : / / hp15c.org :8080 /
 If you like the HP RPN calculators of old this is n't for you . Of all of the HP calculators I have owned such as the HP15C , HP41 , HP42S , and HP48 I do n't ever recall entering complex numbers with the imaginary part first . Polar entries are reversed as well . With the large display they could n't even figure out how to put both quantities on a single line . HP must have had much brighter engineers 20 years ago . It does n't make sense that they decided to reinvent the wheel . But then again I guess former HP CEO Carly Fiorina 's mantra was `` reinvent '' ! A call to techinical service to see if there was a way to invert the entry mode for a Luddite like myself resulted in a conversation with a very clueless employee of 2 months . My advise to lovers of HPs old RPN calculator is take care of the one you own . If you need a PE/FE approved calculator buy the cheap Casio FX-115 and spend a day REINVENTING your keystrokes .
 If this had n't been the only RPN calculator allowed , I would n't have purchased it . I agree with all of the other reviews regarding the horrible `` key action . '' In addition , in my exerience the calculator has a much short battery life than my older HPs , a general flimsey feel , and I had no confidence in the results of my calculations -LRB- due largely to the key action -RRB- . I did pass the PE exam , but my lack of confidence in the calculator -LRB- even though I bought it and used it at work for 6 months before the exam -RRB- added a lot of unnecessary stress to the experience.In short , do n't buy this calculator unless you absolutely ca n't -LRB- like me -RRB- go back to using a standard , non-RPN calculator.HP , after you get past this whole spying on the board problem , please consider re-issuing the old HP 32sII .
 After owning a 32SII for 10 years , I 've decided to take the plunge and look for something new . The 33S looked like an ideal choice - until I downloaded the manual and manual update from HP 's web site.The manual `` update '' , dated Septemeber 2004 , is a listing of workarounds for known bugs in the calculator . The errors are : - HMS
 Do you like the chevron key pad ? Do you dislike it?I needed a new HP calculator , after my much loved 32sii was stolen . I would never consider using anything but an RPN calculator , after using them for 30 years . So I got my hopes up , and looked forward treating myself to a new HP . Then I saw the HP33S - the logical replacement to the 32sii . I thought that chevron keypad looked odd , but I trusted that HP knew what they were doing , and that this was some sort of ergonomic decision , rather than an infantile `` look modern '' marketing ploy . As soon as I started using the keypad I hated it . I persevered , hoping that I would get used to it . No ! The more I used it , the more I hated it . It looks ugly , feels ugly , and continually gets in the way of finding the right key . After a year , I never became familiar with the keys . If the chevron key pad is bad , then the chevron up-down-left-right pad is even worse ... -LRB- enough already -RRB- With regard to the other criticisms here , 1 -RRB- I never had a problem with the decimal point 2 -RRB- I found keys clicking , but not working , and this is mega-irritating . So I saved up , and spent $ US200 to get a second-hand 32Sii . Joy ! Joy ! Joy ! THIS is scientific calculator ! Do yourself a favour , and spend the extra money to get one of these , instead of the 33S .
 I recently received a 33s . I 've found the display completely unusable , not only is the decimal point ridiculously small ; the numbers are not spaced as well as earlier models , exacerbating the problem.I do n't see how anyone is the design group at HP could have found this acceptable ... sent it back the same day .
 I had high exectations for the HP-33s ... I had been seeking a replacement for my old HP-15c . Alas , most of my hopes were dashed.On the good side , for basic computations , it does implenent RPN and the basic scientific functions , something that 's been missing from most calculators for years.Other than that , most of the news is bad.First , in trying to do too many things it once , it is extremely complicated , and requires multiple extra keystrokes just to sort out the correct mode for what you want to do . It 's well and good to support , for example , standard RPN operations , `` expressions '' -LRB- the right side of an equation -RRB- and `` equalities '' -LRB- algebraic equations with '' = '' sign and all -RRB- , but sorting out which you want is difficult.Second , as far as I can tell , labelling does not work in all modes . It works in RPN procedures , but I have n't been able to make it work in the others yet . To select an expression or equality , you have to manually scroll through a list -- time consuming at best if you have a lot of them.Third , RPN procedures apparently have to be `` jiggered '' to do things like integration . Those who remember the HP-15c remember that you could start a procedure with a label . If you wanted to integrate , you 'd just key in the upper bound , `` enter '' and key in the `` lower bound , '' hit the integral key and the label and the integration would happen . The existing system insists on a `` variable of integration '' which HAS to be one of the labelled variables ... but you ca n't have your procedure automatically store the variable because the storage apparently screws up how the integral is handled when it 's recalled . That means that if you want to use the same labelled procedure for basic -LRB- non-integration -RRB- calculations , you have to manually , outside the procedure , enter the variable you want evaluated into the storage register used as the variable of integration , so it can be `` recalled '' for the computation . This is considerably more complex , uses more keystrokes , and is much less intuitive than necessary.One complicating factor in all this is that the manual provides neither descriptions nor examples of how all the modes interact with all the functions . It would have been really helpful to , for example , have short examples of how labelling , mode -LRB- RPN , expressions , equalities -RRB- , and the run , integrate and solve functions are implemented IN ALL COMBINATIONS , as well as lettting you know right up front which combinations do n't work.Finally -LRB- I 'm nearly out of space -RRB- , this calculator is large . The old HP-15c was about 3 `` x5 '' ; this one is more like 3.25 `` x6 '' ... much tougher to carry in even a coat pocket.No doubt about it . This calculator does lots of stuff ... alas , the only people who may be able to make it do all those things are the ones who designed it .
 I 've used HP calculators since the first HP45 I purchased in 1974 . While this new offering from HP may be the first RPN machine they 've introduced since the 32SII in 1991 , it misses the mark in one important area
 This calculator works . It 's got lots of neat functions and definitely looks `` modern '' . It is NOT a workhorse . That is , due to the new , tiny ENTER button and the almost invisible decimal point , it is impossible to crank through equations at lightning speed like HP RPN users are used to.I do not recommend buying this calculator and regret that I bought one myself.This is a prime example of `` cool design '' and marketing `` looks '' trumping the true value of a great calculator : Fast , easy , clear operation with fast , clear results
 I am very disappointed in this calculator . I purchased it because I needed a different calculator to take the professional engineering exam -- since my HP48 is no longer allowed . I wanted the RPN entry feature it offered . However , the RPN feature is horribly limited.If you want to use complex numbers , you have to use up one stack place for the real part and one for the complex part . Even worse the stack only has 4 registers !!!! That means if you are dealing with more than two comlex numbers you have to be very creative when you enter information as you can only have 2 complex numbers on the stack at any given time , and since only two lines are viewable , you only see one of them.You can not input vectors or matrices into a single line on the stack . You have to store them into variables one number at a time . To top it off , in order to do basic linear algebra -LRB- dot product , cross product , matrix inversion -RRB- you have to manually code in your own routine !!!! For a calculator that boasts the ability to integrate equations , one would think that adding a matrix editor and basic support for linear algebra would be included.Speaking of programming , the features are very limited . `` Program labels '' are limited to a single alphabetic character . While 27 labels may not seem that big of a deal , if you want to branch off to a function you have to use a goto statement , and you can only goto the first line of a label , not a specific line in a program label . Complex programs quickly eat up your labels . HPs manual gives a program for inverting a 3x3 matrix , and it alone takes up 7 labels , add the programs for computing cross and dot products and you have now used up 16 of your 27 labels for programming . So in reality you are limited much less than 27 programs.The final complaint I have about the calculator is the ability to edit equations or program lines . If you have an error in the equation or line , you have to erase the equation all the way back to the error . There is no way to start editing in the middle of a line.The calculator is not all bad . It allows you to store several equations , however once again it falls short in that you can only use a single capital Latin character for a variable . Considering most engineering equations have several Greek and lowercase variables in them it makes one of the better features of the calculator very awkward to use . Also , there is no way to organize or label your equations , you have to scroll through your whole list to find the equation you want.Probably the best feature is its algebraic entry mode . I was a die-hard RPN user before I got this calculator , but I prefer the algebraic entry mode over the RPN mode on this calculator , and I think it is nearly as efficient as RPN on my 48gx . The manual is very complete , and I would suggest reading it before you purchase the calculator . That way you get an idea of how the specific features you want to use are implemented . For me this calculator does n't have any better features than a $ 15 dollar scientific calculator .
 Bought and returned to campus bookstore . Unusable.Keypad design is annoying and bad . Why did they do this ? Is it supposed to be cool?Comma and Decimal are single-pixel . Easy to make mistakes . Again , why did they do this?I 'm off to ebay to buy a used HP32SII . I recommend you do the same . HP is not what it used to be . What a pity
 Purchased to replace aging 10-key for our bookeeper . We had to replace this unit within months as the keys have to be beaten on forcefully to be recognized . Very lightwight and chintzy . Put your money towards a more expensive unit and you will be much happier !
 I did n't have any problems at all with the Internet-based rate update , unlike others reporting problems here . Unfortunately , though , the scale is a huge pain to use
 After returning 2 of the RC40 scales , I have yet another defective unit . I am totally disappointed in this product . The computer interface and downloads fail consistantly , and there is no product support . None of three units worked with any regularity . Stay away from the RC40 !
 This product does a good job weighing packages , but the calculator for determining rates to foreign countries does not work . It 's a frustrating machine . I would not buy another one .
 US Postal rate changes went into effect today , 5/14/07 and Royal has not provided updated rates for download onto this scale.A call to customer support revealed there was no definitive date when the rates would be available . `` Try again in a couple of days . `` This is an unbelievable failure of customer support.This equals lost $ for you as you tediously look up rates on a chart or on the internet , and wait for the rate update that is coming who knows when.The RC40 's value is its ability to quickly look up rates . Not having current rates available makes the RC40 no better than a scale costing $ 5 . Although I must admit the RC40 makes a very nice -LRB- although expensive -RRB- paperweight .
 I purchased this for Ebay . I thought it worked just fine ... but the post office kept telling me that I was putting too much postage on my packages . Those were the `` up to date '' rates the scale was giving me ! Then I had to reformat my computer and that meant re-installing the RC40 software on my computer -LRB- which was not a hard thing to do -RRB- BUT from then on , this thing will ABSOLUTELY NOT download the new shipping rates from the internet . It keeps telling me that for a regular letter , the postage is $ 0.34 ... and we all know that 's not true . This is a waste of good money . You 're better off buying a cheap $ 10.00 scale for weighing and just look up the rates on the internet . Do n't waste your time or money on this thing . Oh yeah ... I emailed customer service at Royal and never heard from them .
 I 've never written a review but this product deserves it.This product is junk . I bought mine off eBay for $ 70 or so.When I tried to program the pricing data you could not read the `` Download ? '' on the scale-screen it was garbled . I kept tryingand the PC software would just hang saying it was erasing memory.Eventually the `` Download ? '' was visible and I got it to program.Then the batteries went dead and I could never get it programmedagain . The company 's site is awful . Do yourself a favor andlook for a different product .
 The machine I bought at Staples , measured a certain item accurately , how ever , if I needed to sell a pound of chocolate , I kept adding to scale , little bit at a time , untill , it got to 16 oz , and when I remeasured the chocolate , it was actually 18.4 oz . Thats a loss of 2.4 oz every customer we sold a pound of chocolate to . This may be good for a postal scale and not beyond that.I was measuring ingredients to make soap and they were measured inaccurately as the digital scale is insensitive to a small addition until it is 0.4 oz or more of change . messed up the whose recipe.The scale only reads 0.2 , 0.4 , 0.6 etc and the odd digits are missing . Although you rarely see an increase as you add to the scale in that order . It usually goes up by 0.4 or 0.6 at a time . When you remeasure it , it is a different weight altogether.At first I was excited ... . this has really turned out to be too good to be true . Yes it is too bad .
 Scale a little difficult to set up . Had problem with downloading rates from internet . Called for support help . Phone number in instr . manual was wrong , not toll free , long wait to talk with someone . Gave me another phone number . No one answers and no way to leave message at second phone number . Called back first number said he could n't help me . Very frustrating . HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE . Finally got it set up . Very complicated for mailing regular daily letters . Must push several buttons to get weight and postage for one letter . After you get postage for one letter you have to push five buttons to get back to the starting point . Tried pushing buttons as suggested , it does not work . I am sending this scale back . Mainly due to lack of support in getting familiar with the use of this product .
 The scale performs its basic function well enough , which is weighing packages . I 've even weighed packages over 40 lbs successfully . But it 's very annoying to use . Actually finding a rate on the scale , if you can get them downloaded successfully , requires pushing a number of buttons in the right order . Plus you ca n't alter the rates to match any discounts you might have gotten from the shipper . I quickly gave up on trying to use it to find rates -- the web is faster and more accurate . A major annoyance for me is that you ca n't set it to stay on until you shut it off . It will shut off after one minute of non-use , and you ca n't change that . Good if you use batteries , but I have mine connected to an AC adapter , so I 'd like it to stay on until I shut it off . Finally , it looks like software downloads for these are no more ... . Oh well , at least it does weigh accurately and is still working .
 Anybody who got theirs to update should consider themselves lucky . If you like making multiple calls to Indian call centers to receive worthless advice , buy this scale . If you want to waste money on replacement serial cables , buy this scale . If like repeating the same process over and over and receiving the same lame error message , buy this scale . If you enjoy wasting hours of your time , by all means buy this scale . YES I know how to read and follow directions , and YES I know what I 'm doing around computers . IT DOES N'T MATTER !!!!!!
 Sorry Sam . Your tips do n't work ... Even with the batteries installed and wall power connected . . BTW . the manual states that only the wall charger needs to be installed . They just dont want you to use just the batteries.I found that updating the software worked fine but updating postal rate is , at the moment , impossible . I also notice that Royal does not make the RC40 anymore . Hummm , could this be the cause ? Anyway I will be calling tech support -LRB- 800-272-6229 -RRB- to see what they have to say.Hello India !
 I have had this item for months and its ability to punch through normal lightweight paper began to degrade rather quickly . In addition , the guide used to make sure the punch was lined up was n't 100 % , so I had a lot of crooked pages . Loading the comb was always hit or miss , but once it was on , the pages went on the combs rather smoothly . It does n't work on your larger combs -LRB- 1 '' + -RRB- and the prongs that is used to keep the comb in place breaks easily -LRB- I had to return my first one because several of the teeth had breaks at the bottom -RRB- . The kicker was when some paper got stuck in the punch mechanism , completely locked it up and I had to rip the paper out of the machine to release it.Overall , it 's was good while it lasted .
 The scale was defective and could not be calibrated to read an accurate weight .
 Despite what it said on the outside of the box , the postal rates enclosed were three years out of date . The correct rate card insert is downloadable from the manufacturer website , but the image is blurry and poor quality.I checked it 's ability to weigh properly , by using an object whose weight was know . It was wrong .
 Phonics Based Reading program was advertised as being for adults and children . It is not and it does not run well at all . When I ran it on my computer it locked up the computer so bad I could not manually shut it off and reboot . Also the program is not setup for adults at all . The games are simple and meant for a 3rd grader or below . Whomever put this together was amateurish and did not know how to teach with a computer . Do not buy this product .
 `` Educator 's Choice Phonics Excelerator '' is more interesting and much , much , much , much , much , much ... better alternative per dollar .
 Every bad thing said on htis page is true . this phone is no better than two tin cans and a spool of yarn . do not get this phone .
 I bought this phone about six months ago and the only good thing I can say about it is that I have yet to get bad reception during a conversation . Other than that ... I ca n't stand it . The first of its many problems is that the buttons to control the Caller ID , call-waiting and other features are RIGHT where you put your hand to hold the phone . I ca n't tell you how many times I -LRB- and those of my friends who have used the phone -RRB- have inadvertently clicked over to the other line . Then , when you actually do want to use one of the buttons to click over or check your caller ID , the buttons are so miniscule , that it 's frusterating to push them.The second major problem is that the caller ID does NOT work for call waiting . I think it has worked one time in my six month history of owning the phone . That was my main reason for purchasing it , and it does n't even work.Another point of frustration with this phone is that after you click over to the other line , there is about a 2-3 second delay . You find yourself repeating , `` HELLO ? '' over and over again until the phone actually clicks to connect the line . I ca n't stand it!There is n't enough room to write every problem I have with this phone , but believe me ... do not purchase it . I use my cell phone in favor of using my own home phone because I can not stand it that much.I hear nothing but good things about Uniden , which I plan to get very soon . Save yourself the frustration and do the same .
 I 've had this phone for roughly a year and a half and the buttons -LRB- especially
 I ordered this item thinking it would arrive looking like the stackable tray shown in the photo . I was wrong . For more than $ 13 , you only get ONE tray . After closer inspection , I see that the description does mention that trays are sold individually . I must have missed that . My fault , I should have read more closely , but perhaps like you I have grown to trust Amazon 's representation of products . Anyway , buyer beware - what you are purchasing is only one shelf . Will return for a more cost-effective alternative .
 Nice and each tray stacks up on the other pretty well + securely . Though first time I received these they were bent/dented . . Requested replacement and again they were dented ! The trays are made of metal and both times poorly packed during shipment hence getting out of shape , etc. . Returned both orders , stepped into a Staples store , and bought a different type which was also nice + more economical .
 I ordered the product and like others , I took for granted that the picture was exactly what I would received . I would have been ok with only one tray , but the one that arrived was so bent out of shape it was unusable . These trays are nice looking but not functional at all . Keep searching .
 The silver mesh paper tray has dents all throughout . Looks awful and certainly not worth the price . Do n't know if it was damaged during shipping , but one thing that should be done differently is to ship it with protective packaging on all of it 's sides and not just one side as was the case for me .
 How I 'm extremely upset with myself for not reading the reviews before I ordered . When only one tray arrived I was extremely upset with Amazon and the picture that is shown describing this item . This is a very nice try but not worth $ 13 !!!!!!
 I purchased this phone today and put in 4 batteries , only to discover what an utter waste of time this purchase was . It did n't work . No display . The ring is annoying . The cord is too short , and ca n't be replaced because it is wired into the phone . Then I remembered that GE products are now made by a company named Thompson Electronics , and that I had a problem with an item , manufactured by Thompson , several years ago . I ca n't believe I repeated that mistake .
 I thought the display was broken so I got a replacement.Apparently the display was not broken , you just to tilt the phone to see the display clearly . You can not see the display head-on .
 I bought this phone about a month ago . Unlike some of the other reviewers , I had no problem reading the caller id information . However , the phone has a very short cord and it can not be replaced . I called GE -LRB- Thompson -RRB- and they informed me all of their corded phones are hardwired . How ridiculous is that ! Cords are easily damaged , yet they can not be replaced . It is very difficult to find a corded wall mounted phone with caller id that does n't look hideous .
 I bought this cheap phone b/c it was cheap + had caller ID . I have since had to buy a hands-free headset that needs to plug INTO a corded phone to use . So now I have to buy another phone in order to -LRB- comfortably -RRB- attend teleconference meetings that can last an hour or more . What a waste.I am also afraid that other single-line phones will be hard-wired now , too , and it is so hard to tell from photos.Update
 This phone has all of the features that you are looking for and a venerable brand name.Reasons not to buy it include : o Poor sound qualityo Non-Replaceable handset cordo Low quality , hard-to-read displayI read a review that noted the handset cord issue , but a photo showed a standard jack and plug . It turns out that the handset cord has a nice , industry standard plug at one end but the other end - not depicted in the photos I viewed - is hardwired.Even if one could overlook this `` feature , '' it demands the question
 I bought this phone from a brick and mortar retailer , thinking I could trust its purchasing department . I was so wrong . I wish I had checked the Amazon reviews before buying . But who would have thought a company could screw up a corded phone ? Well Thompson did just that and GE should be embarrassed . The other reviews hit the nail on the head . The cord is less two foot long and stretches maybe five feet . And it 's hard-wired , so you can not replace it with a longer corded . Seriously , hard-wired ?!
 What a joke this phone is . I wanted to mount it on a wall and the cord is about 4 foot long . It is hard wired to the base unit and has to be wrapped around the bottom of the unit about 8 times . Then the base of the unit is to small and the wall plate shows . And last the handset to base cord is only about 3 foot long . It also is hard wired to the base unit . No wonder GE stock is in the dumper .
 My wife bought one of these . The cord was only a few feet long and ca n't be replaced . It is hard-wired into the phone with no connector . The cord is so short it 's so inconvenient you wo n't want to use the phone at all.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!
 Sounds good - except the phone has a permant cord that allows you to move about 2 feet from the wall . It probably would never work on a desk/counter . This is not worth the trouble that it takes to unpack it and not to mention to add the batteries -LRB- not included -RRB- .
 THe product was described as haveing a backlit LCD display . This phone display is NOT backlit and is very hard to see when wall mounted .
 received this phone and I am a little disappointed , the cords are not replaceable and they are too short , other than that it suits the purpose for a land line phone .
 Purchased this phone as a backup in our bedroom . We hardly used it . Worked for one year then completely died . No ring tone at all . Now I have to add another piece of electronic/plastic to the landfills . Plus this phone ate up batteries for the caller ID .
 I am replacing this phone , as the display is extremely hard to read . By the time I can decipher who 's calling , it 's about time for voicemail to pick up . Over the last few months , the caller ID apparently is displaying the number of whoever called LAST time -- i.e. , is not displaying who 's actually calling at the moment . -LRB- Our other Caller ID phones work fine . -RRB- Maybe there 's a battery that needs replacing somewhere , but I 've never had to fool with that in any phone I 've ever owned .
 My wife bought one of these . The cord was only a few feet long and ca n't be replaced . It is hard-wired into the phone with no connector . The cord is so short it 's so inconvenient you wo n't want to use the phone at all.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!
 I purchased this phone because of the price and as it was going in my garage . Low and behold I found that I could not put an extended cord on it from the handset as it did not have a modular plug . Also , the box says the phone has call Waiting Caller ID . This is not true . When on the phone and another call comes in , it does not display the number/name . Overall the phone works and is nice and clear/loud . Also , the Amazon description notes that the phone has a back-lit LCD . This is not true . There are no lighted screens or keypads on this phone . I called GE support and got the biggest run around ever . DO N'T BUY GE ... The support is horrible .
 At first , I thought this phone was a great bargain - for about two weeks . Then it stopped working . I checked the phoneline , cord , and everything else , and the verdict was that it was the phone . So . . be careful !
 This phone should never have left the drawing board . I am in the process of returning same .
 GOOD1 -RRB- Handset sounds pretty decent although it 's fairly loud even at the lowest volume setting .2 -RRB- Speakerphone sounds OKBAD1 -RRB- Beeps loudly everytime you push a button .2 -RRB- Caller ID only shows phone number and not the name of the caller .3 -RRB- My headset sounds like crap plugged into this phone.I think that I would look a little harder before purchasing this for a home office .
 Wish I had read the description more carefully . This was puchased for my husband who has a hearing disability and needs a speakerphone . This telephone does not have a way of recording messages or leaving a voice message on the phone .
 SHORT cord can not be replaced , so do n't bother with this phone unless you can sit RIGHT by it to chat .
 This phone has a short and non-replaceble handset cord . It has a short and non-replaceable line cord . It lasted less than a day.Line cord was damaged after purchase . It went into the trash .
 I was mainly looking for a corded phone with caller ID that I could have near my computer in my office -LRB- since apparently my cordless signal was messing up my DSL -RRB- . Unfortunately , the caller ID was apparently the least of my problems . With this phone , I could not use my computer at the same time anyway since the cord did not reach from the telephone table immediately next to my desk -LRB- about 1.5 feet from my chair -RRB- ! Not only that , but the caller ID required batteries , which I had to replace about every month . You 'll be angry at the time you waste trying to rig this one for actual everyday use . Skip it ! Spend a little more money and spare yourself the irritation .
 Permanantly attached really short handset cord and batteries to make caller id work . What where they thinking?What was I thinking ? I ca n't believe I bought something before user comments were posted . I figured I could n't be dissatisfied with a basic corded phone . I was wrong .
 I agree with the other reviewers , this is junk . Ditto the short cord syndrome , with another detail added , the line in cord enters the unit in the center-bottom and has to wind around a confusing series of twists to exit one end or the other of the housing . The problem is every time you move it ; which you have to do often because of the short cord syndrome , it displaces this cord so you have to tape it down to get it to stay put -LRB- very frustrating -RRB- . I 'm online looking for a quality replacement for this unit now . I would give it 0 stars if that were a choice .
 I bought this cheap phone b/c it was cheap + had caller ID . I have since had to buy a hands-free headset that needs to plug INTO a corded phone to use . So now I have to buy another phone in order to -LRB- comfortably -RRB- attend teleconference meetings that can last an hour or more . What a waste.I am also afraid that other single-line phones will be hard-wired now , too , and it is so hard to tell from photos.Update
 this phone is great unless you 'd like to add a longer cord to move around your kitchen at all , the cord is permanently attached at the phone base so that 's not an option .
 I was quite satisfied with this , even though the cords are non-replaceable and the display is not lighted , until I discovered that the batteries -LRB- 4xAA -RRB- even alkalines only last a couple of months , actually about 45 days , and when they die , the phone goes dead too . That 's not acceptable , and it makes for a very expensive phone in the long run , if you figure at least 8 sets of batteries per year . I 'm returning both that I bought .
 Phone was everything I wanted for kitchen phone ... caller ID and keypad in the handset , small , wall mountable ... . but I need a long cord to be able to matriculate around the kitchen . I ca n't believe the cord is n't replaceable !!! Who would have though ?
 I have this phone in my office near the computer since I wanted a nice corded phone that would be operable when/if the power went out and would not cause interference with the other electronics located near it . Unfortunately , the handset cord has become mangled and twisted and is nearly impossible to detangle . I thought the natural solution would be to replace the handset cord with a Twisstop telephone cord with detangler . So , after spending about $ 14 on the cord and detangler , I go to put it on and discover that YOU CAN NOT REMOVE THE HANDSET CORD FROM THE BASE OF THE PHONE ! So , my new cord is as useless as this phone . On a positive note , I 've had no issues with the caller id or function of the actual phone unit , but the untameable , irreplaceable cord is inexcusable .
 I purchased this phone to serve as one of my emergency gadgets , in case of power outage.But , I was terribly disappointed.It will take minutes before the call is processed.You also , have to press hard to dial the number , oftentimes it doesnt work at all.I replaced it with ATT slimline phone and I can tell significantly the difference , just from the sound of the dial tone.I was compelled to write this review as I dont want any prospective buyers to be victimized by G.E. . This is the worst electronic product I have ever purchased in my life.I will have second thoughts of buying any GE products in the future !
 I had one of these here in the States . The thing leaked ink around the nib onto my hand . At first I thought maybe I was doing something wrong , but I was n't -- it was the pen . I sent it in for repair but got it back with the same leak problem . Mont Blanc is to pens somewhat what Rolex is to watches -LRB- tho not quite as good -RRB- . It is what the non-fountain pen user or newby thinks of as a great or best of in its class-but it is not . Just as there are better watches than the Rolex , both more expensive and less such as Vacheron Constantin -LRB- more money -RRB- and Breitling , Omega -LRB- less money-but these latter and former are better -RRB- . The Pelikan 800 Souveran is a much better same size less expensive pen . Pelikan also has better -LRB- top notch -RRB- customer service in US -LRB- Chartpak -RRB- Thomas J McKeon
 It 's an impressive looking pen . However , it unscrews when in your inside pocket and deposits the ink in your jacket . It leaks around the ferrule and puts black ink stains on your finger . Mine has now stopped writing ; it does not deliver ink to the nib . Yes , I bought it from a reputable shop -LSB- ... -RSB- and it has been back to Montblanc before . At 70 a service I have decided to use a reliable Parker -- cheap and fun ! 500 for a Montblanc -- not again . Mine is consigned to the bottom drawer .
 I bought one of these pens in Sydney about 10 years ago because I thought it was supposed to be the best brand . Well , I do n't believe it is . Mine has cracked twice around the ink window . It leaked all over my shirt pocket once in a workshop . It has also leaked ink into the cap on a number of occasions so when I opened the cap to write I got ink over my fingers . A calligraphy teacher I just happened to speak to said I may be better off with a fine nib instead of the medium one I 've been using . I tried it with an old inexpensive Parker and she may be right . Unfortunately , Mont Blanc are not very easy to deal with . They told me that if they see the nib and agree to change it to a fine point there is a minimum charge of $ 115 to replace the filling system as well whether it needs it or not . An independent pen technician said he may buy or trade it in for spare parts . So , I 'm still considering what to do . I 'll say one positive thing for Mont Blanc - they have run a very successful marketing campaign . They have managed to convince a lot of people that having their white star logo sticking out of your pocket is a sure sign of success . Unfortunately , I for one , -LRB- and I 'm not the only one -RRB- do n't believe that the quality of the product matches the image or the price . For the time being I 'll stick to using my old Parker 45 which better serves my needs .
 The note cards are not the fold over kind that you would expect . They are only a single blank sheet of card stock . These cards are somewhat smaller than the envelopes . I was very disappointed with this order .
 The colors was really nice , but the ad was deceiving to me . I thought it was a folded notecard that you could write inside of , but it was only a index size card . They would make a good postcard and that 's all .
 Not so much a review as asking why does it say CD-Rom and no operating system on a gel wrist pad?LEATHERETTE GEL FLEX WRIST REST
 The box seems nice and sturdy . The lock was difficult to use . Once we set the combo it opened the first couple of times with difficulty and then would not open again . I tried to contact the manufacturer for assistance and did not receive a reply .
 It pops open with two of the three nubmers correct . Or you can just pull it open with less than the force of opening a coke can.It also has a persistent chemical smell .
 This product is the worst item I have ever had my hands on . Purchasing this item was the worst mistake in my life . You would think closing the lock , the default code would be -LRB- 000 -RRB- . Nope that 's not it . So I had the pleasure experience of entering every code from -LRB- 000 -RRB- to -LRB- 999 -RRB- twice ... that means I 've entered every code 2000 times . I was so frustrated , I did myself a favor and pryed open the box . I looked over the instructions once more , following the instructions word by word and setting my new code to -LRB- 900 -RRB- . I closed the cash box ... and what do you know I entered the code -LRB- 900 -RRB- and it stays shut.Even with coding problem , the latch was easily open with one wimpy swing of a hammer . Do n't ever purchase this product , it 's got to be the worst invention ever made .
 First of all , the product picture is misleading . It does NOT come with a locking cable as the picture indicated . Nor is there a cable available by the same manufacturer . Second , when we did purchase a `` compatible '' laptop cable , the hole in the cash box was too deep for the lock to work - we had to get a pair or pliers and bend the metal bit inside the hole in order for the cable to work . Finally , the lock was defective , and we had to try the lock open with a screwdriver in order to retrieve our cash . This lock box was a p.o.s.
 I just got this product . After several minutes of fiddling with the combination lock , I finally tried a screwdriver to pry the darn thing open . Even that did n't work . One thing is for sure
 Like so many others who have reviewed this , I just had to break into my own lock box to get the money stored inside . What a nightmare . WARNING , do not put anything in this box you are n't willing to lose .
 I used this box successfully for a few months , but then I changed the code and have never been able to open it again . I 'm absolutely positive of the code I set but the thing will not budge . Also this box does not come with the security cable that 's pictured with this item .
 I thought I 'd go with the combination lock for more security . Yep , it 's so secure that you ca n't open it ! Luckily nothing is locked inside of it , but definitely do not buy this cash box .
 Within 3 months these binders started tearing and separating . I was not transporting them around , I just put them in a book case in my apartment . With a lot of duct tape , I was able to hold everything together - but overall these binders were more of a hassle than a help . In this case , the word cheap applies to both cost and quality of the product.I am giving these 2 stars because with all the tape , I can still use them , but I will not be buying them again .
 Got this for my 6th grade daughter . It tore on the side within 3 weeks of use . They do have to carry a lot . Might work to hold papers that you are storing but not for every day use .
 2.0 out of 5 stars I really was looking forward to using this trimmer , but , The Swingline SmartCut A510pro Commercial 15 '' Heavy Duty Rotary Trimmer - 9615A the Swingline SmartCut A510pro Commercial 15 '' Heavy Duty Rotary Trimmer - 9615A
 this product did not work and I notified the company and am still waiting for information as to how to return product / Plese advise
 I 'll never understand why companies make calculators without punctuation . It 's much harder to read the numbers without commas . Sharp says that the unit has punctuation . It does n't . The description is deceptive both here and on Sharp 's website .
 No punctuation . Commas between every three numbers make a big difference . This does n't have that . This unit is not recommended .
 This thing is too small , I would n't have bought it if I had seen it.Quality , you get what you pay for , this is cheap , spend a few more bucks.I just wanted a solar calculator to add/subtract for balance my checkbook . I 'll get a bigger desk model .
 The software for this product is not user friendly . I spent some time `` calibrating '' my printer and the result was perfect ... on regular printer paper . However , when you printed on their label paper , the result was way off from the template . I , finally , gave up trying to coordinate my printer with their paper and threw the whole thing out .
 I bought these pens because my office manager had purchased Foray Retractable Ballpoint pens and they were great ! This version of Foray 's ballpoint pen , however , is not all that
 I sit in this chair at work . We just got new offices with all new chairs and I was very excited about having a comfortable chair to sit in . I realize you ca n't know how comfortable a chair will be unless you sit in it for at least 30 minutes , so I do n't blame the people who picked this chair . But everyone needs to know that this chair is absolutely horrible . I 've been at work for about an hour and a half today , and already I am literally writhing in pain . My neck and back are killing me - but so are my arms . My arms ?! What is that ?! We 've had these chairs for a little over a month and I keep hoping I 'll get used to it , that it will get more comfortable . But no . And it 's really disheartening to know that I do n't have hope of changing chairs for the next several years . :-LRB- It 's really sad to be at work all day and just be flat out in pain.I wonder if one of those back pillows would help ... probably not as there is barely enough room to sit without feeling like you are about to fall off . The other reviewer is right - this chair literally rejects you.Update
 I feel compelled to write this review , despite the fact that I bought this chair -LRB- in black leather -RRB- three years ago , because it stands out as one of the worst purchases I have ever made . I am 5 ' 11 '' , of medium build , and this chair is profoundly uncomfortable to sit in . The sensation is that your body is being * rejected * by the chair -- pushed out of it toward the front , as if it does not want you sitting in it . Researching chairs , I was taken in by all the Freedom Chair hype -- for example , how wonderful the perfectly even armrests are , which are supposed to keep your body aligned . The reality is that the armrests are attached -LRB- cheaply -RRB- with a large ` U ' of metal , with only the crudest ability to adjust them . They `` clunk-clunk-clunk '' into 4 positions , only one of which is actually practical to use . And think about it
 I have been using this chair in my office for 3 years . My firm somehow believed it was financially wise to spend an exorbitant amount of money on 500 + Freedom Task Chairs . Nonetheless , this is hands down the worst chair I have ever sat in . At this point , I 'd greet any alternative with open arms . Bar stool ? Sure . Park bench ? Why not . I 'd take a stand up desk over this chair . It is next to impossible to sit upright , the chair back literally wants to shove you off . Wearing those polyester blend dress pants today ? Be prepared for the worst wedgie of your life . The coefficient of friction between your bottom and chair will be comparable to steel on ice . They must use the slickest fabric known to man . The seat has a negative slope , managing to stay on becomes my main task throughout the day . The only way to sit marginally comfortable is to lean way back as nonchalantly as possible . This makes typing interesting . The only use I can think of for this chair , put them in front of your desk . Trust me , visitors wo n't stay long .
 I 've been sitting in these chairs for over 1 year and I can honestly say it is the worst chair I have EVER sat in ! I too have been inflicted with constant neck pain since our company purchased these chairs for our new `` connected workspace '' . These chairs offer NO back support at all . Avoid at all costs!What 's worse is that we had Herman Miller Mirras before this supposed `` upgrade '' . The Herman Miller chairs were far superior to these pieces of junk ! I never had any pain and the chair was totally customizable for nearly anybody.I seriously think about leaving my job just because these chairs suck so much and I dread having to come to work and sit in this thing all day : - -LRB- I ca n't believe my company literally purchased thousands of these ... I ca n't imagine how many people are in my situation now . How many people left the company because of this environment?Can you tell I hate these chairs ?
 Worst chair ever . Zero support in the lumbar area . Should n't chairs promote good posture ? This thing takes decent posture and makes it bad posture.Maybe it 's me , but I like to lock the lumbar in place to give me some support . The lumbar/backrest on this is completely free , and acting like a fulcrum , connected with the seat . When you put any pressure on the back rest , the seat lifts slightly . I guess it 's trying teach by pain?Why put a back rest on this chair at all then?This is some sort of joke I think ? Right ? People in my office have started to buy their own chairs -LRB- these were part of a new office setup -RRB- and replace these uncomfortable beasts.Worthless . Save nearly a grand and get a metal folding chair from the BINGO hall .
 Just had this chair replaced in my new office . It 's terrible . After using it for two weeks I now have constant back and neck pain , and I ca n't even sleep well at night from the neck pain . This chair is definitely not for extended sitting at an office , if you try and relax your back , it reclines all the way to the end -LRB- 130/140 degrees -RRB- . I do n't even think it 's good for limited use . Just 30 minutes in this chair are enough to cause neck pain.If you get this chair , you will need to go to the chiropractic every day .
 This chair is absolutely terrible . We use it at home and it gets average to below average use . Despite this , the chair seat has broken and the mesh that is the seatback has pulled out . Expensive chair that acts like a throw away cheap one . Avoid !
 There are cheaper options . . I should have spent more time researching cheaper products . My next order will be a lot less cost per unit .
 I have owned this set of markers in the past and LOVED them . I used them for years without a problem so I was very excited to get a new set . After not even an hour , three of the blues dried out completely , and many of the other colors arrived a little `` dry '' . I 'm very disappointed and plan to send them back and order a duplicate . I hope the new ones are better .
 If you want bold marks around a drawing , then go for it . Blending - no . Tints and shadows - no . Cheap markers for experimenting on finding markers . That 's about it . Not for serious artist or draftsman .
 Maybe I just received a batch of duds , but I was so disappointed in these markers I had to get online and review them the first night I 've had them . I 've worked with these markers less than two hours and already four of them have run bone dry . First the dark orange went dry , so I reconsidered my project and switched to a lighter orange . Then that one went dry . I had to switch to yellow ... and you guessed it . The yellow ran dry as well . So I thought , okay , at least I seem to have plenty of green . And then the green went dry . My project is small , just a normal letter-paper sized , and I have to go buy a new set of markers tomorrow to finish it -- and I paid $ 20 for these things ? I hardly expected artist quality pens , but I did at least expect to get one project out of them .
 this product is not as good as i thought it would be . Very hard to color large ares and make them look good .
 I 've had a set of these markers for years . My children have been using them and slowing they were drying up so I started looking for the same set.I purchased this set off of Amazon . First off the case started cracking the first week ! The markers kept falling out of the bottom and I could n't understand why . It is flimsyand it has all cracked.Next my son comes to me with Orange marker all over his hands . The top of the lid and the bottom were leaking so profusely it was everywhere . I was so surprisedat the low quality of these markers.The other colors are fine thus far but it has only been 2 weeks so who knows .
 I have purchased several brands of markers including Staedtler , OfficeMax metallic , TUL ultra fine , Bic Mark it fine point , and the Pentel Color Pen Set . Of all these brands I 've used , & I have used them a lot , the Pentel brand is the worse one of the lot . When I contacted the Pentel company via their online web site to ask how I can return the whole set , since they are guaranteed , there was no response whatsoever . On the other hand , I returned one of the Bic Mark it pens for replacement & I not only received my new pen in short order they also threw in several $ 1 off coupons for future Bic purchases ! Now , I ask , who would you do business with in the future ? It 's a no brainer .
 I do n't like these envelopes as much as I liked the previous ones I purchased . They are not as `` solid '' , too thin , seem a little flimsy . Hope they will hold up .
 I should have known when I saw the low price that these bags would be total garbage . They are practically see-through . They are also not white , but greyish , and have some sort of lines going through them all , most likely from folding them in half to ship . The adhesive does not close , has to be taped shut , and two of them have to be used or they will split apart in mailing . Very disappointing . So when you have to use two bags to do the job of one , you are wasting money , not saving any . Spend the extra money and get higher quality bags if you run a business and need your merchandise to arrive intact .
 The bags are too thin when i have to ship something i have to use 2 bags because if i use only one it will come apart.will not order from them again !
 Pro
 I bought these from seller Buyer-news . Other sellers may sell different bags of the same size . The seal on these bags does not stay at all . I have to use tape on all of the bags and use tape on the printed labels because the self adhesive does not stick to these bags but the same printed labels work on other poly bags that I have .
 Kind of Grocery bags poor quality . Not good enough to protect anything ! Very thin and tear easily ! Will not buy again !
 After the mailer has been sealed , the seal can easily be pulled open leaving items subject to theft , or accidental loss during shipment .
 I have previously bought these bags for shipping clothes . The old bags were wonderful . I ran out and bought these bags to replace and they are probably half the thickness . They are very flimsy . I have used them to mail items and no one has complained yet , but they tear just getting them ready to mail . The post office is extremely rough on this type of mailer anyway . I am looking for a replacement because these just do not cut it .
 I ordered 9x12 bags via Fullfilled by Amazon - not sure who the seller was . I received 7.5 x 10 '' bags , which is a bummer as I had ordered that size as well , so now I am well stocked and worried that if I re-order , I 'll be just that much better stocked on the wrong bag size .
 it was much smaller than i thought . It had a long arm that attached to cut larger papers . But it sagged so you only kept half of the paper up . Then when cutting it worked great until the very end . The very end it would not cut . Very disapointed
 This is currently a nice item which I can make ring if I hit a button of the base station . Logitech have stopped supporting this and changes to recent versions of Skype have broken this on Vista -LRB- on x64 at LEAST -RRB- . This does work on an XP machine , but I really advise those using Vista to look somewhere else . Is seems that most Skype devices are not Vista and / or x64 compatible at the moment .
 You literally need to charge for an entire day to talk for several hours . You can not charge and talk at the same time , so once this phone is dead , you need to wait at least 30 mins to charge or this phone dies in a sec to call back and say `` Sorry , the battery died so I will call you back . `` Also , non-stop static noise . Voices completely break when both sides start to talk .
 Will not work on Windows 7 , works OK on XP and Vista . This wasnt made clear when purchasing.The handset is very small.Overall it works fine .
 I bought that phone , could n't get it to work with XP machine running latest Skype and when I called Logitech for help I was told they do n't support this product any more . I am returning this product to the seller .
 Very misleading description . '' ... Size 2 Two 25 pack '' certainly appears to be 50 envelopes when in fact it is only 25 . This makes it very easy to be misled .
 This is a very bad advertisment . `` bubble mailers envolopes Mailer size 2 , two 25 packs . '' Too me that means 50 envlopes , thats the only reason I ordered it , overwise , I could of gotten the same deal from the store .
 In an effort to conserve materials , 3M has graciously given us an 8.25 `` x11 '' bubble mailer that requires every sheet of paper to be trimmed before it will fit . If this sounds like it would cause you irritation , I do n't recommend purchasing .
 Poorly written instructions for formatting a word document.The tabs are not height perforated equally -LRB- each row is a slightly different height -RRB- , the tabs on the second column of the sheet donot accurately height match the tabs on the first column . As a result column 1 row 9 has a greater height than column 1 row 8 , column 1 row 9 also has a greater height than column 2 row 9 . I am only able to print the first 3 tabs on each column correctly.Buy the Avery brand instead .
 MY HUSBAND AND I BOUGHT A NEW HOUSE , AND WANTED A PHONE IN EVERY ROOM , SO WE PURCHASED THESE PHONES WITH TWO MORE HANDSETS . THEY ARE JUNK ! WE HAVE ONLY HAD THEM FOR A YEAR , AND HAVE HAD TO REPLACE EVERY HANDSET , ONE OF THEM TWICE . THE KEYS ONLY WORK FOR A COUPLE OF MONTHS , AND THEN THEY BREAK . VERY CHEAPLY MADE PRODUCT . IT 'S NICE ONLY HAVING ONE BASE UNIT THAT HAS TO BE PLUGGED INTO A PHONE JACK , BUT THESE PHONES ARE USELESS IF THEY DO N'T WORK RIGHT . PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 The sound is simply bad . People ca n't hear us properly when we speak and it was like this from day one . Had to buy new phones -LRB- of a different make -RRB- a month after buying these as it is a sheer disappointment .
 I was so excited when I found this phone because it had all the features I had been looking for . Unfortunately it also had a problem with losing the volume coming through the receiver periodically during calls . The volume would come and go throughout calls . I contacted Uniden -LRB- expect to be on hold for up to 30 minutes -RRB- and they sent me a refurbished phone - same problem . It was NOT a problem with interference or DSL . This phone is defective . I googled the phone and problem and found other people reporting the exact same frustration . I wish I could have made this phone work , but the volume issue is not something you can live with . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE .
 I was replacing an ancient V-tech cordless phone system with this Uniden . It keeps dropping the signal in my house , from the bedroom to the living room . No other electronics were running at the time.Also , Amazon makes you pay back the `` free '' shipping when you return an item , not just the shipping to send the item back . Do n't buy something here if you are n't sure of the quality , you 'll do better returning it if you purchase from a local store .
 This phone had all the features we were looking for . Speaker phone , caller id , etc , and an expandable base phone . Well , the base phone works fine , but upstairs where we have the other phone , if you walk into any of the other rooms you lose the call . We have a 1800 sq ft house , so it 's not that far away from the base phone . Very disappointed . I have n't dared to venture outside to see if the base phone has problems away from its ' unit .
 I do not recommend this phone . I purchased this set and an additional extension . All three periodically lose incoming sound volume . If you rap it on a hard surface , the volume returns to normal . I tried the factory recommended fix , and it did not work.Nice features , but a bad phone .
 i wish i could give it no stars - straight out of the box it was charged for 15 hours as required , and after that , we ca n't use it . it keeps saying `` out of range '' and it does NOT have an answering machine !!! should n't a phone this expensive have a decent range AND an answering machine ?? we 're returning it right now !!!!
 It has all the fancy features except for what I really needed - an answering machine . Description was misleading . It stated a `` fully featured digital answerer '' . Returning .
 I bought this phone for my Mom as a gift . -LRB- I have the same exact phone and have had no problems after over a year . -RRB- My Mom 's phone seemed okay , but now has started dropping calls . Unfortunately this was 60 days after receiving the phone . Amazon would only offer a 50 % refund.I tried calling Uniden . Uniden would offer no refund . Uniden recommended moving the phone away from all electrical equipment and appliances . -LRB- The phone currently is 20 feet from the TV and 10 feet from the microwave . -RRB- I guess I have to install a phone jack in Mom 's bathroom to see if the phone will work there.Do not buy this phone . I am never buying anything from Amazon ever again .
 I have used cordless phone for so many year and had never see such a bad hand set . . The battery doesnt fit in the compartment properly and it makes lot of noise every time u lift the hand set or shake it . . I would rather call this as a pencil box and not a phone ... Please dont buy this ...
 Never buy the Uniden products . i bought one last year . after 6 months the speaker stoped working.Also keys are very delicate , they do n't work sometimes . .
 I expected a digital answering and message system to be included.It was not .
 I read all the reviews here before buying this phone system -- and it 's terrible . People tell me my voice breaks up using the speaker phone on the handsets -LRB- inevitably , I have to take the call off speaker phone ; this is a big problem for me , as I work often from home and need 2 hands free to type/take notes -RRB- ; the volume fades terribly on all 3 of the handsets I bought , and sometimes unpredictably ; and you ca n't dial back using callerID -LRB- it does n't put the `` 1 '' before the area code -- how stupid ... -RRB- . Even when not using speaker phone , the voice quality is terrible -- my father-in-law ca n't understand a thing my husband says on the phone , he has started to plug an old corded phone in to a jack somewhere in the house to talk to his dad . I had a Panasonic for years before this system , and it had no issues . I 'm ready to throw this one away and write it off . Uniden never bothered to respond to my customer support inquiry over the web . I 'll never buy another product from them .
 I have been a happy Uniden customer for years -- and then I bought this phone . I read the customer reviews here on Amazon before buying the phone and discounted the feedback from folks who said they could n't call from the Caller ID screen and had volume problems . Well ... believe it . You ca n't call from the Caller ID screen -LRB- I 've contacted Uniden directly about this and they 've yet to give me an answer - which probably means you ca n't -RRB- and in response to the volume problem they suggested I `` knock '' on the top of the phone when the volume goes down . -LRB- Yeah , that will go over real well with my clients . -RRB- This is a horrible phone . Look elsewhere .
 This phone is really cool but it has two major flaws . The first is the caller ID problem which the other posts have already described in som detail . The second is that although the incoming volume is fine , the people on the other end have trouble hearing me and say that i sound ` far away and very soft ' . Troubleshooting and reseting does n't seem to help . Will return ASAP .
 I recently upgraded to this phone from an older similar 2.4 GHz Uniden phone to try and alleviate interference with my wireless network . This new phone is much worse . People I talk to think I 'm on a bad cell phone connection and can only catch half of what I 'm saying . From my end , every minute or so the volume fades out and comes back 30 seconds later . I called Uniden support and they recommended moving the base station and re-registering the handset , neither of which made any difference . I was drawn to this phone by the great features , good reviews , and past experience with Uniden phones , but I am sorely disappointed .
 This was the best cordless phone I have purchased . The functionality and features were great . Unfortunately , 3 months after purchasing the phone -LRB- 2 + 1 extra handset -RRB- , all phones started to say out of range and could not connect . It also failed to reset , leaving the entire system useless . Uniden customer service advised that I can mail back and have them check for repair . Not worth the effort.Purchased replacement base unit and it has been working properly since .
 First , the good news.The display is excellent . The backlighting of the keys is excellent.The batteries hold up very well.Overall , the phone part is very good , although the range is a little short.My old 2.4 GHz Panasonic phone would work 250 feet from my house . The Uniden , at 5.8 GHz loses signal after about 100-150 feet . So it is difficult to use in the yard . Disappointing.The charger base for the 2nd handset would benefit from being weighted . It is very easy to knock off the bedside table when you grab the phone.I already had a TRU9485-4WX and except for the short range , I really liked the phone . So we bought the Uniden TRU9465-2 as a gift . The picture looked ` just like ' our phone , which does have an answering machine but this phone had only two phones . Just what we were looking for!But I missed the part where there is no answering machine on this phone . It has ` voice mail ' capability , where you can tie into your phone company 's voice mail ??? Yes ... I should have read the fine print.But why in the world would a $ 79 phone not have an answering machine?I felt this phone was a bit expensive when I thought it HAD an answering machine but I liked my existing phone.Without an answering machine , this phone is WAY overpriced .
 The unit is a base and two handsets . One handset had an annoying buzz . Contacting Uniden customer service resulted in the determination that the handset was defective . They said they would send a replacement . I then heard that there would be a delay . I have sent the original base and two handsets back as requested and as yet have not received the replacement .
 We purchased this system in the summer of 2007 . The system worked fine for about a year then started going bad . The primary complaint is the sometimes you will dial a call , hear the ringer sound one time and then the phone flashes `` Out of Range '' and goes dead . This has happened on three out of the four handsets , including the one on the base station when it was only 5 feet away from the base station . The fourth handset never gets used . When this happens the base station flashes a `` Welcome '' message and appears to be rebooting . The handset stays in talk mode and you have to press the end call button and start again . Evidently the one ring you hear is not going through because I have questioned the folks I was calling and they never heard a ring .
 Great phones until 6.5 months , when handset # 1 's buttons all failed to work , as did handset # 2 's did two weeks later . Could not reset . Uniden is asking for my credit card to pay for shipping ? Hmmm .
 I bought this item on March 6 , just before the spate of reviews noting the problem with loss of volume . Mine does this too . I * have * found that if you are willing to use the speaker option , this is cured , or at least far less noticeable . Unfortunately , I do n't care much for speaker , and some of the people I call , or who call me , absolutely hate it - so that 's not a great solution.The phone 's features are just what I needed . They just do n't always include audible reception . A pity .
 I bought this phone system as a supplement to -LRB- and an upgrade to -RRB- my existing Panasonic 2.4 GHz phone system . I thought that the 5.8 GHz Uniden would have an even better range than the Panasonic . Boy was I ever wrong ! The Uniden handset can barely reach a few feet from the base unit before it starts up with the crackling and static and dropping words . Sitting one room away -LRB- one small room away -RRB- the Uniden is just about unuseable . The Panasonic works great in the same space , so the problem is in the Uniden phone . What a disappointment and waste of money .
 This laser is at best average . It definately is not worth the higher price they want for it . I have seen keychain lasers that are of better quality and intensity .
 The product may be good but do n't try to get any kind of service from Ectaco if you need to return the item.Ectaco states they will only take returns if you call for a return authorization number BEFORE shipping the item back . However , you really get a run around trying to get the number . After being transferred repeatedly , I was informed the ONE AND ONLY employee , Boris , who could give out the return authorization number was `` on vacation '' and instructed to leave a voice mail which would be promptly answered BEFORE the return deadline . Needless to say , my voice mail was never returned and I am stuck with a translator my daughter did n't like . In addition , they had the temerity to blame ME for not getting the return authorization by the deadline and tried claiming that every single employee I spoke with could have and would have gladly given me the authorization number if I had bothered to ask for it !!! Well I did ! Why else was I on the phone first thing the day after Christmas ? I was trying to follow their return policy . If you really want this product buy it used from someone else on-line and save yourself the headache of dealing with Ectaco .
 I bought this product to use daily . However , I had to replace batteries every other week . The customer service was not helpful at all .
 Very disappointing . High price for poor technical performances .
 The product was dead on arrival -- it does n't seem to be built very well , so I returned it and bought Ectaco 's dictionaries for the Palm platform . They work very well although they do take up quite a bit of memory .
 Craptastic!The first one I received was DOA.The second one died after using it for only a few hours . I tried the reset feature repeatedly - no luck . Replaced the batteries - no good.The software is n't too bad . It 's 4 million word vocabulary does n't seem to include conjugated verbs .
 This unit may have good information in it , but is built VERY poorly . Died in less than a year !!! Company says too bad . NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH THEM !!! Find another translator company .
 It was a a piece of junk when I got it . Did n't really work well at all , and ended up in the back of a drawer for good reason .
 The dictionary has very small amount of words - less then 40,000 for each language - in opposite what was declared by seller ; also we had very hard time with seller returning this product despite we observed return policy .
 It arrived when expected . It 's a nice size and light weight . That 's where `` nice '' ends . I 'm taking a trip to Russia in a few weeks and thought this would really be of help . Well , it is n't . Yes , it does translate from English to Russian but NOT into phonetically spelled words . It translates into Russian using the Russian alphabet . If I could read the alphabet , I would n't need the translator . Next , the screen is very difficult to read under any lighting conditions . So , what I have is an expensive currency converter with a bad screen . A $ 5 calculator would serve a better purpose . When I complained to the company , their response was for me to buy a translator from them priced over $ 400 . Somehow , I do n't think so .
 How can I buy a translator if I do not know all of the languages they do . If I want more than what is advertised how can I tell this product is what I want without knowing all languages ????
 I 've struggled with this stapler in the years since I bought it . Unless I am very very careful to avoid any side to side wiggle when stapling , or or the other end of the staple does not fold over properly.This is a flimsy stapler that does not work properly . I 've tried more than one brand of staples , that 's not the problem .
 ECTACO English < - > German Language Teacher - EGm600TThis electronic dictionary may have almost a half million entries but you better be prepared for a world with just one of each item . This dictionary does not include the plural form of nouns in either language . Because of this huge shortcoming , I would n't pay 1/10 the price for this model or any other electronic dictionary that does n't include the plural form . Imagine not being able to know that the plural of child is children or the plural of die Zeitung -LRB- newspaper -RRB- is die Zeitungen . I 'm also less than happy that this fact is n't pointed in the product description . When I contacted the folks at Ectaco , they referred to it as an option . I do n't agree . It is an essential feature that has been left out and serverely limits the usefulness of the product.My product was returned the next business day .
 This clock looked ideal for an older family member . However , it was a bit top heavy and they could n't get used to the buttons .
 We have a blind niece living with us and ordered the clock for her.It is so difficult to set that my husband has to do it for her.Also it announces the hour 24 hours a day and we ca n't seem itturn it off .
 Gave it as a gift and am in the process of returning it . It does not hold the time for the alarms and the voice is slow . Disappointed . Wanted to replace the older one my wife had but that is better than the new one .
 Looked nice . 15 hours to charge !! I could n't hear the phone ring ! Volume does not go very high . Nice idea ... but recommend waiting until better versions arrive.JT
 Bought this little gem thinking it would function with Yahoo , Windows , Skype , etc. . . - ok , that was my mistake
 I want to start by saying the phone works fine . It came in new condition . There was one problem . The day the phone arrived i set it up and it did not work . The phone was not the problem . The problem was with Microsoft dropping Verizon as their provider for web calling without securing a new provider . Microsoft says this lack of service is temporary and i gues we will have to wait and see .
 Tried to use these phones for Windows Live Messenger calling from PC to PC , and could not get them to work . Uniden tech support less than helpful ; told me to call Microsoft . After dinking with these stupid phones for two days , I 'm packing them up and sending them back .
 The Win1200 uniden phone is completely convoluted and disfunctional . It does not list when callers called on caller id . It does not say the date or time of when a caller called , NOTHING . It says the number and that is it . I cant for the life of me imagine who let this get through their engineering department . It 's as if microsoft paid them to make this and uniden tossed it together without thinking or caring a single bit . It is completely flawed as a telephone , and the computer MSN messenger features are worthless.Avoid this phone at all costs . I cant beleive how bad it is . It 's just a complete disaster as a telephone . It fails at both MSN live and traditional phone use . It is a complete mess . ARGH !!!!!!!!!!! . Dont be fooled by its nice appearance , or colored LCD screen ... . because that is all there is to this phone . Once you take it home and use it ... you will regret having spent so much money on a useless peice of plastic with a poor interface , that does not function well as a phone at all . Caller ID sucks , Telehphone book sucks , the RINGER sucks -LRB- you can barely hear it -RRB- . ARgHHHHHHHHH . :-RRB- Avoid it .
 This phone does not support video calls -LRB- i.e. the audio portion of a video call -RRB- . I find it absolutely ridiculous that this phone can not answer an incoming video call , nor can it initiate an outgoing video call , nor can it join an existing call -LRB- audio or video -RRB- already in session . If the phone did not initiate the call -LRB- i.e. if you did n't use the phone to dial or answer -RRB- , you can not use the phone on that call . Thus , the phone is absolutely worthless if you want to use it to handle the audio portion of you video calls ! I know some people use Live Messenger for other purposes , but for me , the reason I use Live Messenger is to do video calls with my family ... If I want to do an audio-only call , I just use a regular phone .
 When the service is working then of course the service is okay but most of the time it is nonfunctional.That is the problem . Furthermore , that is after ensuring that all prospective obstacles are taken care of . I ran several tests to see if everything on my pc was up to speed . I ran and downloaded upgrades etc. . I know that voip is not perfect like anything else . However , this is ridiculous . Online customer service is decent but when you try to speak to someone via the phone they are very rude and take you through a bunch of uncalled procedures such as needing to see how many e-mails were made between you and tech support before they will assist you any further . . If you want out of the service they tell you all of a sudden that you have to keep the service for a year or pay an early termination fee . I read the fine print and that was not stated in the terms when I signed on . If you want great service with great features and a great rate then go with Vonage . Their telephone features leave Packet 8 in the dust . Packet 8 would be decent if they did a few upgrades and trained their reps how to be professional and pleasant . They need to be up front and remember that they are trying to get and maintain customers and not send them running to Vonage !
 This is the second VOIP provider I 've used . The first provider was good -- a couple of hiccups here and there , but I used them for more than two years , and have n't had a landline for most of that time . It was more than adequate . However , there were some changes , including that I 'd moved out of their service area . Packet8 did n't offer local numbers in my area , but that was n't very important to me , and since they did have E911 service for my location , I gave them a try . The experience was so bad I almost went back to a landline -LRB- but ended up moving to Callcentric , which I 'm still testing , but thus far am fairly pleased with it -RRB- . The only thing Packet8 manages to do successfully is charge your credit card . They do n't provide customer service -LRB- in any form ! -RRB- , they do n't respond to help requests -LRB- when complaining that I never received a response to my request , from several weeks before , I learned `` tech support does n't make outgoing calls . '' Well , then , why was n't I told to call them ? `` Well , we should have told you we -LRB- customer service -RRB- could n't help you and you should call tech support , but ... '' -RRB- I cancelled my services with Packet8 , which prompted them to claim I was `` in a contract '' which would result in a equipment/disconnection fee . I have an evaluation period , but they think I broke the terms of the evaluation period -LRB- I told them I was willing to pay for the service I 'd used , but not the equipment fee , since the equpment -- the UIP165P did n't ever work properly -RRB- . They told me that was n't allowed . I asked who could allow it , and was told `` only corporate . '' I asked for corporate 's contact information , and received information for the billing department . I submitted a dispute , and they 've finally -LRB- I talked to four people before submitting the dispute , and all claimed it was impossible to get it waived -RRB- agreed to waive the fee , but it will take 4-6 weeks . In my dispute , I stated that if they did not waive the fee , I would dispute the charges on my credit card , which may be why they finally agreed to waive the fee for the non-working equipment -LRB- I also contacted the BBB , which may also contribute to their change of heart -RRB- . It remains to be seen if they will refund the fee or if I will have to dispute it with my credit card company . In any event , I do NOT recommend Packet8 service to anyone , particularly anyone using the Uniden UIP165P , which has minimal troubleshooting information available . AVOID !!
 SUMMARY
 I have ordered their IP phone service one year ago . They asked my credit card for direct deduction for monthly payment . I asked them to keep my phone number . Packet8 told me that SBC service would be automatically disconnected when the number was ported . It took more than two months for them to transfered my phone number from SBC.The voice quality of packet8 phone is very bad . So , I had to switch back to SBC at last Decemember . However , in March I found that my credit card still be billed . So , I contact Packet8 . Packet8 told me that it was the customer 's responsibility to explicitly notify them to stop the service . I did not understand how they can still bill the customer for phone service without phone number . I asked them to stop my phone service.Today , I found they still billed me on my credit card for another four months after I called them . I contacted the customer service again . He told me that he can not found any record for my last call.I can not believe that a company could lie to the customer like this.Please think about clearly before you order them device and service . They are cheap .
 I have no idea how well this product works , because it 's not compatible with digital ISP phone lines , so it never worked for us . Nowhere in the item description does it explain that Brother machines are ONLY compatible with ANALOG lines . The tech support representative at Brother explained that NO Brother machine is compatible with digital lines . Please be aware when you consider this time !!
 Purchased this to replace a 12 year old basic machine that had received thousands of faxes over the years we 've owned it . Worked for 2 weeks then started to report false jams , actually jam up and make a strange noise when printing . Going to give Brother one more shot with a replacement
 I learned the hard way with this machine that it 's the cheap man who pays twice . I bought this fax based on price thinking one fax is as good as the next . Not so . In my opinion this is not a machine for business use because it ca n't be trusted to send more than 2 or 3 pages at a time . The automatic document feeder , which I 've learned is really what distinguishes a home fax from a business one , is incapable of separating a stack of papers and just sends them through the machine in a jumble . The problem is that unless you 've counted the pages , you 'll get a report saying the fax went through just fine , when in fact it sent half of what you thought went through . Unless you stand there and watch the pages go through , you wo n't realize that it did n't sent the critical 30 page fax you wanted it to , but 24 of them . I 'm going to buy a new machine based on the rating of the adf from this point on and hope I do n't have a problem returning this one to Amazon
 We have many of these units at my workplaces , and the scanners keep dieing . They are moderate to heavy used , but there is no reason the electronic scanner with no moving parts should fail so quickly and so often .
 Just an FYI , although Brother lists this as a `` printer , '' be aware that it is not wireless capable . It can only be used as a wired printer .
 The fax machine is defectived and damaged . I tried multiple times to make it wotk and it does n't . A lot issues with several operations . It is just a piece of the equipment in very bad shape . Nothing like shown in the advertisement
 This is one of the most reliable and solid fax machines around . AS LONG AS NOT SOLD WITH KEY IMPORTANT PART BROKEN.THEY SOLD IT BROKEN BASED ON TOP FAX REPAIR EXPERT .
 The primary purpose of a coin sorter is to put the correct number of coins into the appropriate wrapper so you can take it to the bank . That 's what I bought mine for , anyway . This thing is so imprecise that you never really know how many coins are in the wrapper . As a result , if you really want to be sure you have to count them . That 's a huge drag and sort of defeats the purpose of owning this machine as far as I 'm concerned . Also , the `` overflow '' reservoir is where 25 % of the coins end up whether the tubes are full or not . I previously owned a coin sorter that was similar to this one as far as its simplicity etc. but much more reliable . Do n't waste your pennies on the Ultra Sorter .
 This toys purpose is to sort your change , and it performs poorly . In mine , the quarters get stuck unless you pour coins in one by one , which takes forever . If you pour more than one coin in they get stuck or little coins fall into the slots for bigger coins . In mine the quarter got stuck in the dime slot blocking it , it no longer works .
 This sorter is very light duty . It jams frequently and unless the coin tubes are perfectly round , the coins do not enter them squarely . I can not recommend this coin sorter . I am looking for a better quality sorter ...
 When it works , it works well , but ... The wiring came loose a day after getting it . Resoldered the wire and it worked fine . Then the switch gave out . Fixed that . It just went kaput again and I 'm not so bored as to pull it apart a 3rd time.Given the other options available at a similar price , I would pass on this .
 This is a cheaply made , over-priced product . It did n't last a week and I paid over 30 dollars for it and since I ordered it early as a Christmas gift - I ca n't return it because it has been over 30 days !! The drawer to pull out to get the coin rolls out will not go back in all the way , therefore the coins fall to the bottom , get stuck , etc. . Total waist of money that I now can not get back !!
 I 've had this sorter for several years.It jams regularly , unless you basically feed the coins one at a time.Today , it jammed permanently . I took it apart and the tiny motor is connected to little tiny plastic gears -LRB- what were they thinking ? -RRB- that , apparently , stripped.I put the pieces in the garbage.Don ' t bother with this one . It 's not even a good toy .
 I received this item as a Christmas gift a year ago . After collecting my change now for 2 years , it was time to sort . The item worked for about 5 minutes before the rotary piece stopped spinning . I took the machine apart and found very cheaply made , plastic cogs , that were a bit worn . The box says that it can handle 50 coins a once . I never put much more than that in the machine . I tightened and lubed everything hoping it would work again as I have a long way to go but it still does the same thing . A big waste of money !!! I tried to find another at the same store , but they do not carry the machines anymore . What does that tell you ! Good Luck !
 I 'm a guy who has a few more hand-skills when it comes to repairing electronics than the average person . I can fix or deal with the odd little problem but this machine was designed and tested so poorly it 's impossible to operate as intended.Firstly the price was ridiculous -LRB- I bought mine at Staples but I need a place to vent my frustration -RRB- . The motor stopped working after the first use . I dismantled it to find that the wires connecting the motor had so little solder on it that it probably got shaken loose in transit alone . Even so ... I easily resoldered it ... and it still would n't work.The motor was spinning but no action on the sorter wheel . Disassembled it again ... looked inside the motor and saw that the plastic mold created for the motor housing was n't correct . The motor cog was n't even close to touching the other cogs needed to move the wheel . Of course you ca n't fix this unless you have either a large cog or a mold to hold the motor closer to the movement cogs ... sigh!Piece of crap ... and it 's obvious these guys did n't do much testing because the other problem is that the coins fall into the plastic tubes but there 's no accurate way to tell what amount is correct for each roll -LRB- despite the method mentioned in the instructions ... which does n't work as intended -RRB- . Stay away from this product and either sort by hand or keep looking.These people should be lynched .
 we want to send the coin sorter back . the coins keep jamming in the top . some fall into the wrong coin size . Not happy w / it at allthank youjanice
 We bought this machine for the change that we 've saved up in jars . We found that even feeding the coins slowly , it still does n't put in the correct number of coins in the wrappers . I would count the coins first just to make sure we had the propper amount . 100 % of the time it was off . The pennies would always have 49 out of the 50 . The nickles only do 38 out of 40 and dimes were off as well . Only the quarters were accurate right each time we tested it . Yes you could probably add a coin or two each time but that defeats the purpose since you are still guessing if the right number is in the package . They show pictures on what accurate measuring should look like but since it is off , those extra coins you need fall off into the reserve down below . I would not purchase this and I am returning mine as it does n't do it 's job and is poorly made .
 This does not do what it is supposed to do at all ! Save your money and just count it and roll it yourself or go to the nearest `` Coinstar '' machine . This device just makes a lot of noise and mess -LRB- dimes in the quarter rolls-nickel rolls and penny rolls , etc. . . ! If I would 've actually really looked at this thing and thought about it I would have known it would not have worked - could not have worked as described!About as much fun as 52 Pickup !
 I would say this is a bad buy because it broke right away.I would not recommend you get this !
 Bought this sorter about 10 months ago and have struggled with it since.It usually missorts coins -LRB- 7 of 10 tubes I took to the bank were miscounted or missorted -RRB- so plan on recounting coins prior to heading to the bank.Other defects ... Constant Jamming , Very weak motor and cheap plastic construction.The motor just died on mine and its heading for the trash after less than a year . I could 've saved the money and got the same amount of frustration for free from the wife .
 The slide tray , after several months usage -LRB- no more than twenty times total -RRB- wont slide back in . There seems to be no access to the slide mechanism to try to fix it .
 could n't get reliable coin count in the wrapper . Had to dump and count anyway . Threw it in the trash after one week
 I purchased this product for my trip to Italy . It was a complete waist of money . it does not easy translate for you . I thought I would be able to type in a sentence and the device would translate it for me . This was not the case at all . You have to type in a `` key word / phrase '' so to speak , then scroll down a list of pointless mini phrases only to be disappointed not to find what you were looking for . The few times that we actually remained patient enough to use the product , it took an insanely long time to get a phrase
 No good . I used it only once to test how it worked ... . then 3 days later when I actually wanted to use it , it was dead ... lights out ... Still waiting for my refund .
 My brother and I never used this pencil sharpener much because it did n't sharpen evenly . We kept on using manual sharpeners . If the manual sharpeners broke the tip of the pencil 3 times , we would try our electric one again . Today , my brother sharpened about 20 pencils in a row . The motor just burned out and would n't work again . We made sure the plug was connected with the socket . This pencil sharpener also makes a lot of noise . I personally prefer the Panasonic KP-310 sharpener . I have n't tried out any of the other 5-star Panasonic ones . We have a Panasonic KP-310 sharpener at my school . It only burnt out after I sharpened about 4 boxes of colored pencils -LRB- 300 colored pencils -RRB- in a row when helping my teacher . Note
 This pencil sharpener performs very poorly . While I have n't had the problem with longevity that others have had , I frequently break off the lead of my pencils while attempting to sharpen them . I would not purchase this product again and would strongly urge others to stay away from it .
 This was not worth the price at all ! At first I thought it was great . It is heavy and sturdy . It worked barely a month and just quit working . Not worth it and not a good product at all . Do n't waste your money !
 We just purchased this item and it is now ca n't be operate . It is broke and we need to return it . Can not be use for sharpen the pencil anymore .
 Item did n't last for a week . I got very disappointed because I paid a high price for this used item and it did n't work .
 I am VERY unhappy with this product . After using it for a month and a half , it just stopped working . It no longer sharpens pencils or notices when I 've inserted a pencil to be sharpened . Ideally , I would be fully refunded for this product and would get a replacement.I do not like this product and would never recommend anything made by Bostitch .
 Bought this in November and by April it had stopped working ... piece of junk that I wasted $ 24 on ... very regretful of this purchase .
 After many pencils sharping , the machine does n't recognize when a pencil is on the hole and we need to press the pencil against the bottom side of the hole to make the engine start 's to run . I never expect that happening after just 10 days using it .
 I 'm a teacher and this sharpener gets a lot of use in my school , but only last 3 months . If you need a heavy duty sharpener , this is not the one for you .
 This gets a lot of use in my office , but still ... I think it should have lasted longer . Choose a different one !
 Did not sharpen evenly from the very first day . I learned to push in and up in order to get a pencil actually sharp . Completely died after about 3 weeks . Total waste of $ .
 I have one of these `` antijam '' staplers . Have had it about a year . Somewhere along the way it just stopped functioning properly . Thought it was the staples so ordered some new ones . When you put in new staples , it works perfectly -- one time . Then you have to remove the staples , re-insert them ... and it works again . Same thing every time . Ca n't remember where I bought it . Ca n't find a contact address for Stanley Bostitch . I 'm just stuck .
 it worked fine until my coworkers droped it , and broke it . it still works but I have taped it , so when it needs staples I un-tape it and re-tape it .
 Recently my long-standing workhorse pencil sharpener bit the dust , and I 've been looking for a replacement . This was n't it . Even with fresh batteries , the sharpener slowly ground to a halt , and the pencils did n't go all the way in -- standard size pencils were about 1/4 inch shy of sharp , with a flat end . Perhaps I got a defective unit , with the metal not bored all the way through . Am returning it post-haste . I miss my XActo sharpener , which lasted me through literally hundreds of colored pencils over 10 years , traveled well , and never failed to provide a sharp , centered point !
 Looks very well made ... only problem is that it wo n't sharpen pencils . I 've tried dull pencils and brand-new pencils . Something seems to be holding the pencil away from the the blade , so it gnaws at the wood , but the pencil does n't get sharpened . It was a gift , so I do n't have the receipt , carton , or patience to return it . What a waste .
 Ordered this , put in the batteries , triple checked they were right , and gave it to the kiddos . They complained it did n't sharpen , so I tried , and sure enough , the pencil sharpens to a nice flat piece of lead . So if you need a pointed pencil , this is n't for you . If you like the flat lead -LRB- very thick , great for pencil coloring -RRB- , it could work . Thank goodness for a fantastic return policy by Amazon , b/c I ordered something different and I hope it does a point well . Really sad when the kiddos want their manual sharpener back after complaining about not having an electric one ...
 The motor broke the very first time I put a pencil in it . I returned it . Get one that plugs in .
 - Worked poorly once then just stopped working altogether ... Do not waste your money . I ignored the bad reviews and paid for it . : - -LRB-
 I put new batteries in this and it will NOT sharpen any pencils . It runs and your pencil will look like the sides were shaved a bit but nothing more . Annoyed !
 It 's really hard to use , I bought mine from college store in Art Center , NEVER WORKING after I bought it . It 's eating led , and black led covered the WHOLE PENCIL from the led to wood part . DO NOT BUY IT it 's really bad product .
 I love the height this riser gives my laptop . But it 's been a real pain to put together . I finally figured out where all the parts are supposed to go , but still have n't managed to make it secure . It currently is in danger of tilting and sliding my laptop onto the table , because I ca n't get some of the parts to click together right . Maybe there 's a magic formula I 'm missing . The paper instructions did n't help at all .
 At first sight , it looks good but its quality is really poor -LRB- terrible -RRB- . It was cracked after 30 min use . I am returning it . .
 The 2 pieces to the left of the pic . were lost within a few months of owning the stand.I thought to use it as an alternative to letting the laptop burn the desk ; it got so hot.All in all , the purchase was ` ok ' . The construction was good and durable .
 I was expecting something sturdier for how much it cost . At $ 30 , I feel ripped off . It 's cheap plastic and adjusting it is challenging for fear of breaking the legs.Thinking of putting a laptop on it ? It 's so deep that their little &#34; stick-em non-slip stickers &#34; will only touch one end of your laptop . Poor design!I do not recommend this product !
 I bought this thinking 3M would make a good product - I was wrong . It is a piece of poorly designed cheap plastic . For instance , there is a very limited range of height adjustment . In fact , it ended being too tall on a workspace surface , and I could not adjust it lower . Not to mention , the platform does not tilt making typing very difficult and uncomfortable.Spend the extra money and get a good product .
 I purchased this phone system in 2001 . I really liked all the features and how nicely the whole package was put together . Sony really knows how to design consumer products.BUT DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE ! 6 months after I purchased it the cordless handsets starting having problems with the keypads . I purchased the system and 2 additional phones . That 's a total of 4 cordless phones . Every single phone , without exception developed problems with the keypad . At first the numbers are hard to press , then over time certain numbers on the keypad stop working all together . If this only happened to one of the cordless phones I would have written it off to a bad one in the bunch . But EVERY cordless phone developed the problem.Don ' t even get me started on the Sony 's support crappy support . I gave up and purchased aonther phone system.Up until I purchased this phone system I had been extremely happy with my Sony purchases . This has definately soured me . I 'll think twice about buying any Sony product . Last thing I want is to have to deal with some guy in India who does n't understand me next time I have a problem .
 We 've had this set -LRB- base + 3 cordless sets -RRB- for 10 + years . It may have been a good product at the time we bought it but it seems outdated today . In terms of reliability , one of the satellite cordless sets died about a year ago and the ' 3 ' button on another started having trouble a year before then . Overall , we 're not impressed with the set and will be replacing it and switching to another brand -LRB- likely Panasonic -RRB- soon . Among the problems or annoyances with it , besides the two mentioned above , have been a difficulty to share the stored phone numbers among the sets , the lack of the LCD backlighting on the cordless units , and the lack of a clock on the cordless sets . We also had trouble transferring calls between handsets -LRB- though it 's possible , it 's not easy -RRB- .
 The `` Gold Fibre '' name and increased cost over Mead Cambridge top-bound notebooks left me with high expectations for this book . Used equally over 4 months with two Mead offerings this notebook 's front cover and a number of pages disattached completely with the back piece of cardboard on its way while the Mead notebooks were in fine condition . Also , notes taken with a Bic mechanical pencil would be smudged and faded on this book 's pages while remaining clear and dark on my other notebooks.I will not be returning to Ampad notebooks and I believe my foray into top-bound books is also over as their ease of writing is outweighed by the difficulty of flipping through and searching your notes .
 &#34; Art Profolio brand CLEAR PolyZip Envelopes by Itoya Our price is for 6 pcs - 8.5 x11 &#34; I 've used these before and they 're great for organizing projects . I 'm a freelance graphic designer and I use them constantly for my clients . Online they 're a bit expensive till I saw this offer for $ 8.93 . From reading the headline of course I wanted 6 for less than $ 10 but when my order arrived in the mail there was only one in the box . I wo n't be using this company again .
 I am responsible for a budget of around $ 300,000 per year in office products , so I have lots of experience with binders of all types . Avery 's 5 '' binders -LRB- which I 've purchased a few -RRB- - and other sizes they carry , in my opinion , are the worst binder construction of all manufacturers that I 've experienced . This is mostly the case with their larger capacity binders . I have had to replace too many as , after short time , the clasps do n't close or line up properly and sheet protectors get caught - it 's a mess and very aggravating -LRB- which is what prompted me to write this scathing review after being aggravated by yet another defective Avery large capacity binder -RRB- . Until they show that they care about the quality of the products they manufacture and sell for a hefty profit - and build a better quality binder , I will not purchase another Avery product - again , based on my own experiences with this product -LRB- had to add this so I 'm not accused of libel -RRB- .
 I only used this for a few days before the top prong developed a gap that now rips all my pages . :-LRB- Definitely NOT heavy duty . Complete waste of money .
 I planned to use this to hold my band 's music which had become too thick for a 2 inch binder . And the description as `` Heavy-Duty '' sounded good.But I soon realized that in the binder I received the three rings , especially the middle one , did not close completely . So each time I would move the pages to one side or other other they would catch on the slightly open rings . Sometimes this meant that the middle hole of several of the turned pages would pop out of the ring . All in all an unusable product .
 I have several of these -LRB- 4 older same avery # and 3 newer -RRB- sadly the new ones no longer come with the metal opening lever . Pictures shown on Amazon are still of the old metal tabbed version not the weak plastic ones that are being shipped in the last few months . The new ones seem more pron to catching pages also when you try to flip more than half an inch of content .
 The tail bone cut out is way too wide - I am 5 ' 8 ' and around 130 - this is made more for a large trucker in my cheek 's opinion . Amazon , however , was very efficient and courteous in the return process .
 I used to love this product -- I even bought four as Christmas gifts ! But never again . As another reviewer has complained , the display on my OZ-750 started losing vertical lines of pixels , beginning about 6 months after the 1-year warranty had expired . Eventually I wo n't be able to read the entries at all . So I called Sharp 's technical support folks . I was hoping they 'd say that since this is an ongoing and unresolved flaw that directly affects usability , they 'd send me the latest model free of charge . Fat chance . They never even acknowledged that this is a recurring problem . Instead , after implying that it was probably my fault for exposing the unit to extreme temperatures , they gave me the number of a third-party repair center . The repair people told me that if the display is bad , the unit ca n't be fixed . However , if it 's a bad circuit board , it can be fixed ... Forget it . I 'm done with Sharp organizers . For a few bucks more , I 'll buy a Palm .
 I bought the Sharp Organizer for my father , who is a lawyer and needs to store hundreds of addresses . The backup software has a critical problem
 Description says -LRB- pack of 6 -RRB- pack of 2 with a price of $ 30 ... since these sell for $ 5-6 for a pack of 2 it sounded right that 6 two-packs or 2 six-packs would be $ 30 ... . WELL what you get is ONE pack of two ... rip-off bigtime !!!
 I found this product to be useful but not reliable enough to take on overseas trips away from the computer that loads it . Every six months or so it spontaneously reboots or `` hangs '' depite sending back to local agent . This can be quite annoying . This manufacturer has a very nice idea that I like and I look forward to a new model as I cant live without a wrist reminder but it should be more stable than this version .
 1-star rating because the product was not as advertised . The product I ordered was supposed to be leather ; however , the product I received was vinyl . I do n't know if it was because they purposely did a `` bait 'n' switch '' or if it were an honest mistake on the part of their product support/product fulfillment but I am very disappointed with the product -LRB- if I wanted vinyl , I would have ordered vinyl , as there 's nothing wrong with vinyl/plastic but I wanted leather and ordered leather but did n't receive what I ordered -RRB- and have already tossed it into the garbage and gone to a brick and mortar store to purchase a genuine leather product .
 The leather is rock hard , and the description says the lining is suede , but it 's the same leather as the outside . I would not recommend this item . It feels very cheap .
 It was a great price however it is difficult to keep open and when you do I fear it will fall forward . I now have to hire someone to mount it to the wall .
 The snap does not work . It will not snap together . The hole is too large and there is not anything to hold it together . I used scotch tape to hold it together . Some deal !!
 The Amazon catalog page in December 2012 calls these ` Standard to Modular . ' However , the item pictured is ` Modular to Standard . ' Silly me , I ordered four of them because I have four old phones that I want to plug into new outlets .
 Picas are the only measurement I have checked on this ruler so far , and this ruler 's measurement of 72 picas is really closer to 72,04 -LRB- 72 picas , 4 points -RRB- . That is a significant difference when precision counts . I compared the measurement with a C-Thru Graphic Art Ruler -LRB- GA-86 -RRB- and a number of other rulers , so I am fairly confident that it is this ruler that is inaccurate . Except for its sharp corners , I like the construction and feel . But measurement is what it is all about , and that 's why I gave it one star instead of , maybe , four .
 Like another reviewer , my item arrived without the magnetic strip . I have used the sticky strip enclosed , but this is not what I wanted . I would discourage purchase of this item since it is apparently non-magnetic at least half the time .
 The drum sounds are good , but this is just a toy . It dose n't work with garage band without crashing and it can only be programed to simple meters .
 This piece of software does n't function properly at all.It does n't work with Apple Logic , contrary to what is advertised.It was written by an amateur programmer , and crashes very often - about 1 out of 2 kits that you open will quit unexpectedly.For a software drum machine to contain mostly live and acoustic drum samples does n't make much sense since software is mostly used for electronic music . No trance , or electronic samples at all.All that for over 50 dollars makes idrum way overpriced.Also the graphics were stolen from Garageband.A program like that should be freeware , or at the very most shareware .
 First , this thing can only be programmed in 4/4 . And you ca n't quantize ; you 're stuck with 16 , 32 , or 64 beats per measure . Forget about a genuine swing beat . Also , I 'm sure there are tom-tom drums somewhere among the drum menus but I ca n't find them . There are about a million snare samples and countless squeaks , blips , honks , etc. . If you 're doing club stuff this is probably a useful bit of software but if you 're looking for something that resembles a drum machine you 'd use for rock/pop/roots demos , forget about it . My ancient Yamaha RX17 is much more useful .
 If you 're serious about programming drums , do yourself a favor and buy Reason . Redrum , reason 's drum machine , is soo much more programmable , not to mention it lets you edit waaay more parameters than iDrum does and it comes with a BUNCH of samples . As an added bonus , reason has soo much more stuff for you to play with if you ever get the urge to add anything else to your songs .
 I recently bought an iMAC and was excited to use garageband . I needed a drum machine so I bought this program this program in the apple store . Within minutes of use I realized this is complete garbage . If you are looking to make rock beats with this just turn the other way and start walking . This program is meant for soldier boy or some other artist who utilizes fake sounds into repetitious beats .
 I bought this in a store so I ca n't return it ... oops . Very basic and does not integrate well with logic , but even if it did I would n't use it because Logic 's built in drum machine is better anyways . Just get the demo if you do n't believe me .
 I purchased this item to organize our ordering sheets at work . Upon reciept of said item , as soon as I opened it I knew it wouldnt last . The plastic unit that would be holding the ordering sheets is very light-weight and flimsy . I could see myself constantly picking it up . The clear panels that would hold the paper work intact are EXTREMELY thin . The price of this unit is rather insulting ... even at a discounted price its total garbage for the amount charged . Considering the fact that it is a magazine holder , I cant imagine this product lasting more than a few hours in the hands of John Q Public . My suggestion is to purchase from a different company . I certainly will , AFTER I read the reviews .
 I do n't know how good the product is because TCP Corporation wo n't deliver it after it 's been paid for . They answer emails with computer generated comments about USPS poor service ! They have not refunded my money and it 's been a month since I SHOULD HAVE received it.The worst part is I really need a pen like this to touch up gold gild porcelain on an old teacup . It 's imperative that I get something like this and to have to wait ; send copious amounts of emails and now , file a claim with Amazon , it just is tiring . If I cd go oulout and shop I would but I 'm disabled.Amazon needs to screen these companies better . I have opened/filed a claim with Amazon . Do n't accept poor service - We pay too much to not receive the product and not even receive a refund ! I will report back if I get my item or a refund.If anyone knows where I can purchase this pen - please let me know . In the meantime ; do not buy from these people .
 I would not buy this item again , there is no screws to hold the shelf together only pegs that you have to glue in and it was the worse thing ever that I had to put together . . not happy with it at all . .
 For the price of this item , I was disappointed to find that the shelves were made out of cardboard . Not what I was expecting for the price .
 I ordered this sorter and it arrived in a little flat box . What the website does not tell you is that it comes completely unassembled and they send you about a dozen wooden pegs and a little tube of glue and a bunch of teeny tiny nails to hammer on the VERY flimsy cardboard backing . I decided to ship it back . It was n't worth my time and effort to go through this for such a piece of junk . I WILL say that the lady I spoke with at Amazon was VERY sweet and kind and treated me very nicely through the whole phone call , but Amazon needs to let folks know that this item needs a ton of assembly !
 It would have been more cost effective to purchase the all cardboard one sold at Staples .
 The shelf broke before we even had it assembled . The shelves are made of cardboard , not wood or even laminate . Very disapppointed . Do n't buy this one !
 oczekiwalam za taka cene czegos swietnego ... a to dziala jakby kosztowalo polowe mniej . ` touch screen ' bardzo ciezki w obsludze -LRB- bo przyciski sa za male i trudno nacelowac na odpowiednia komende -RRB- zdan rowniez nie tlumaczy zbyt dobrze . . jestem bardzo niezadowolona !!! -LRB- chcialam oddac ale okazalo sie ze mialam na to tylko kilka dni od daty kupienia -RRB-
 I bought this - more expensive - cart after my $ 20 cheap one fell apart on my way home last week . The cart was reasonably easy to put together , and when empty , it works well.But , when you put things in it - even moderately heavy loads - the front wheels lock up , and because of the propensity of the wheels to roll under the cart , the cart becomes unbalanced from the front , and wants to fall over towards the front all the time.I got this cart because I carry water and soda about half a mile home after supermarketing . These are very typical loads.Don ' t believe it when it says it can carry 200lb - rolling on a smooth surface maybe - at a push.However , if you want to use this cart to carry loads home - on pavement and walking across roads - this cart fails miserably.The last time I used it , I literally had to drag it behind me because of its propensity to topple over at the front.My advice - DO N'T BUY THIS CART .
 I bought this cart because of the swivel wheels ... So far they have fallen off 3 or 4 times in the parking lot . When this happens it 's almost impossiable to move ... The back wheels splay out so that they are never really on the ground . All together this is a piece of JUNK ! And if there was a Zero star I would have given it that .
 Delivery of this item was excellent . It arrived quickly . And it was fairly easy to put together . That 's where the good stuff ends.I bought this item in December 2004 to carry heavy grocery items , like soda cases , cat litter and laundry detergent from the store 3 blocks away . Since I usually purchase these heavier items via Peapod , I only used the cart for them every few months . And for `` regular '' groceries , maybe once a month . I pick up most groceries after work and I do n't have the cart.Outside of shopping , I used it for carrying laundry to the basement laundry room once or twice a month . -LRB- There is an elevator -RRB- I also had a smaller , cheaper cart that I used for smaller loads . So the cart , by no means , has been used roughly.January 2005 . My first trip to the grocery store , the left swivel wheel failed . It did n't swivel . So the cart only worked properly only when going straight . If there were too many heavy items , it did n't want to work at all.Late 2005 . One of the back wheels came off as I was stepping off the elevator to my apartment . At least is made it home . I was able to put the wheel back on.Early 2006 . The rubber `` tire '' came off one back wheel completely . This time as I was entering the elevator . Again , at least I made it home . I never bothered to try and replace it.June 2006 . The left front swivel wheel shattered completely as I was crossing the street and hit a pothole . Whew ! I was only 1/2 block from home . It was less convenient , but I continued to use it -LRB- pushing at a tilt -RRB- . I 'd spent nearly $ 60 on this cart . You better believe I was going to get my money 's worth.July 2006 . The rubber came off the other back wheel.August 25 , 2006 . The back collapses out . As I was stepping off the elevator to my apartment.August 26 , 2006 . I 'm going to tape up the back so that I can do the several loads of laundry I have . Then , this cart is going into the trash where it belongs.I 'll stick with the cheapo carts I can get from the local stores . My last one also lasted about two years . Why spend twice the money for the same quality . Besides , the new cheapo ones have better designs these days .
 I would n't buy this again . The first one I got last year the handles broke , this one , brand new the front wheels did n't work . Ended up taking front wheels of old cart.Fool me once shame on you -- you fooled me twice shame on me -- no third try .
 I expect better quality from Mead . This notebook 's cover pages and spiral binding is weak and flimsy . I bought these from Amazon and Fivestar notebooks from another store . The Fivestar product is much more durable for being carried around in a book bag and moved in and out of lockers all day . I can imagine the quality of this Mead 3 subject notebook will not fair well under such use . The Mead products that I saw in the store were of similar if not better quality than the Fivestar . However these are not , this must be the Mead budget or recycled line . Also , the Fivestar 3 subject notebook has 150 pages -LRB- which was required on our supply list -RRB- compared to the 120 pages with Mead .
 This is absolutely no laser photo paper . Better quality on regular paper . I tried once , I tried twice , the same bad result .
 prints blurry will not be able to use the paper it was a waste of my money
 I bought this glossy papers and i thought it is typically for the laser , what happend , when i print the laser milt the papers , i thought the problem in my laser printer , so what i did i got replacement for my laser printer , and i did try it and the same thing , do n't wast your money like i did , now i have to thow the papers away better than throw the printer away
 This paper in the HP CP1518 created the worst mess I have ever seen put out by a printer . I had to replace a $ 60 black cartrige . For a while I thought the printer was destroyed . I bought this printer with the intention of printing glossy photos . WRONG !!!
 In my case , this product would barely deserve 1 star , I just did not down rate it too much because I suspect it might have just been incompatible with my printer.I tried it on my Xerox Phaser 6130 -LRB- an , otherwise , superb printer -RRB- . The paper is advertised as general use for laser printers but it definitely does not work with this line of Xerox printers.I run only two prints and in both occasions the toner detached from the paper , I got concerned that the printer might have been damaged . After running several blank sheets of plain paper all the leftover toner cleared from the paper path and the printer seems to be working fine.My recommendation , before you buy contact HP or your printer manufacturer or both and inquire about compatibility , that is the safest way to go .
 This phone has never worked . It drops the connection after just a few seconds.I tried to get hold of customer support . I phoned at least 60 times . After being on hold for a few minutes they tell you that they can not answer your call and to leave a message . Most of the time the mailbox is full . If it lets you leave a message they never return a phone call . I left 5 messages . I sent them email messages , too . They have never called me or emailed back . They care nothing about support . They are TERRIBLE.Don ' t buy anything from them .
 By far the worst phone I ever owned . Works about 50 % of the time . The other 50 % it ca n't find the base , or the battery is dead after a couple of hours . Have problems hanging up calls when you 're finished or ca n't initiate a new call right after you hang up . You press the talk button and all it does is beep at you ! Annoying ! Normally I have to unplug the battery before the handset will function again . Both handsets act the same way so I do n't have a bad handset , just a horrible product . It has some good features but too cumbersome to use . Example
 I purchased this phone with additional handsets . Most handset do not worked at all . One worked few times . I have never been able to get in touch with the constumer service of the company . I do n't even think they have a real one . Do not buy this phone . You will regret .
 I really like the design , look , and feel of this pen . However , my main issue is that the pen is skipping at times . The individual ink cartridges appear to be out of ink or dried out . -LRB- Please note that this is not my first multi-pen , so I am familiar with these pens having a limited ink supply , but in this case I have not used this pen long enough to be out of ink . -RRB- Even though I like the design , etc. of this pen , I must rate it only one star because of my writing experience .
 I had a similar experience to another reviewer in that the internal plastic part broke and the pen is now non-functional . I used it a few times a week and carried it in my purse , so I do n't think I abused or overused it . It 's too bad , because I really liked it . If it had been cheaper , I would have purchased another , but I think the cost is too high given the lifespan .
 looks like a nice cart -- however look at the freight -- too much . $ 35 product -- $ 50 plus for shipping . Amazon should be ashamed of itself for foisting this bargain off on its customers .
 I think this pen has a design flaw , the plastic that supports the nib is flimsy , there are two thin strips of plastic on either side of the nib , when they break , the nib wo n't stay down , it comes away from the base , I was able to super glue the plastic , and it seems to work ok now , but I am surprised this pen has such a flimsy base .
 Not in as good shape as I anticipated for the price of the calculator . Still a good calculator but overpriced .
 I dont know where you got the base price , actual base price should be about half that . I have no connection with HP and am not a salesman for them I just want information to be accurate . someone will believe that is a reasonable price and be taken advantage of . you can check MY sources at the HP website I dont see anyway to check sellers resource . oh , on reviewing guidelines I see reviewing price is a no-no . since this will probably only be seen by the reviewer , please let someone know that this customers confidence in amazon has just been severely undermined .
 I bought this one when I was in engineering school . I also worked for the company who made this calc -LRB- the companies culture is totally different now from the past unfortunately ! -RRB- . Ok , this calc is very powerful -LRB- more powerful than TI flagship 92 + or Voyage 200 . I have both HP 48GX and Voyage 200 -RRB- This calc has also -LRB- used to -RRB- have a lot of very telent people/programmers to support them -LRB- You can find a lot of programs on the web -RRB- . But you have to deal with the unfriendly user and unaccept slow -LRB- for me -RRB- interface , If I do n't use it for a while , I can not even recall how to use this calc except basic functions . The calc is slow , even you type 1 +1 -LRB- ok it should be 1 1 + -RRB- , it needs to think for milliseconds . Sometimes , my typing is much faster than this calc can handle -LRB- I feel -RRB- . This calc also takes many keys typing for some simple calculations Some calculation will need you to go through menu after menus -LRB- if you do n't bother to custom the user interface ! -RRB- . OK , if you have time , that is not a problem . If you use for EXAM or Under Time Pressure , this will kill you . It takes much more keys typing -LRB- assuming you know where to find all the menus -RRB- . It will take more time for the same calculation for other calc -LRB- remember this calc is slow too -RRB- . This calc targets to their friends who loves RPN/RPL or very technical people who likes complicated things rather than simple and user friendly interface for the same problem to solve . It is powerful . Even 12 yo calc , it is more powerful than any TI or Casio.Unless you are very technical person , this calc is overkill . Even you are technical person , you may not need this calc . You are better to get a laptop , running Matlab and Maple etc , they are much more useful , user friendly , much faster and much more powerful than this calc ! You can program C instead of RPL or assembly language . Almost nobody will program assembly these days ! You can get a very small Laptop e.g Toshiba lifebook intead of this product unless you are still in school , this is for the exam . If you are still a student , you may think about TI 89 , it is more user friendly , much faster -LRB- most operations -RRB- , you do n't need this calc . -LRB- I have many math courses and engineering courses , I can use either HP or TI calc fine even in my graduate courses -RRB- I never believe a calc should be replace for the brain to do algebra , symbolic manipulation in high/college school . One will learn nothing that way . Do n't buy it for that reason.In short , the calc is very powerful , RPN may be more good for the machine -LRB- less stacks -RRB- , but you have to think how to do you algabra . Why no testbooks write equations in RPN ways if it is easy to read ? Anyway , I do n't like RPN too much but I can deal with it . The unfriendly , very SLOW interface makes this calc unusable for me . I will avoid this one unless absolute necessary to deal with those problems . Otherwise , put the equations to Matlab or Maple , you get much better , faster , nicer results and graphs .
 Pieces stick to each other , which is charming , but not to other surfaces , which is useless . Would not adhere to any surface , thus unable to use !
 The vtech unit looks nice and the sound quality is good . However if you need multiple handsets you might not like this phone . vtech says you can store 50 phone book entries . This is fine but you need to program each handset individually . There is no facility to send your stored numbers to the other handsets . This can be a problem is you have a large phone book.Another problem is if you want to delete a phone book entry . The manual does not tell you how to do that . The manual does tell you how to delete recent calls . I tried that procedure and it worked for numbers in your directory.If you use the single handset model then I would say this is a very nice phone . If you want multiple handsets then I suggest you look to another vendor .
 Got the phone from Sam 's Club at a great price and it worked well for about 18 months . Then , the ringers on the base handset and another handset stopped working . No matter how much you increase the ring volume on the handset , the ring remains at such a low volume that you can not hear it unless you hold the handset to your ear . Have completed all the troubleshooting one would need or care to do .
 This phone consistently loses four hours from the time set after a few hours . Calling customer service received the reaction that they have n't a clue as to this problem , and of course , no solution on the horizon.I expected to purchase a working phone system , not something I could beta test for the manufacturer . I suppose it does n't matter , they completely ignore email messages and when you reach phone support they have no idea of the problem , let alone a fix.This is a dog with fleas best to be avoided
 Only thing better about this phone is its unique looks . Bad things are many ... - You can not dial caller ID directly by pressing Talk button . And there is no way you can use this phone to give you options to dial -LRB- like adding 1 in the beginning of the 10 digit number , or truncating 10 digits to 7 -LRB- certain area codes allow 7 digit dialing , like in Chicago -RRB- . My previous motorola phone used to give me these options . - All the more , you can save the caller ID but there is no way for you to move the cursor to the beginning of the number to add `` 1 '' . Only way for you is to memorize -LRB- or write down -RRB- the number and reenter it after deleting the caller ID entry . - The buttons do not respond some times , require 2-3 presses , especially when you are pressing numbers for selceting options . Never faced this problem with any of my previous phones . - Speaker is OK ... and there is no volume control ... one would expect to have it on a phone set worth $ 150 ... is n't it .
 This phone looks great but that is pretty much the only advantage it has . - the DECT technology has many more features that Vtech has chosen not to implement on this phone
 I loved the way this phone looked so I got it . The battery life is TERRIBLE ! Only a few hours , even if not in use . We lost one of the handsets , and since it had died I could n't page it . It 's still lost to this day . Now I find out that they are not expandable !!! How terrible ! I 'm going to order a Uniden like everyone I know suggests . This is definitely the worst phone I 've ever owned . Do n't let the cool looks fool you .
 Have owned this set of phones for a little over 3 years.All was well till the batteries needed replacing after a year . Called all over this city and found the battery only at one specialty retailer . Got online to the V-Tech site and ordered two of the three -LRB- third handset still alive -RRB- at a cost of $ 20 apiece . Less than a year later , the batteries began losing their charge and we keep them on the cradles all the time ... very annoying . Now all three need replacing , and do you think I will spend $ 60 + shipping for this junk ? HA ! What a rip-off ! So have just replaced the phones with an entirely different , highly rated brand . Will NEVER buy V-Tech again . What good is a dead phone ???
 Nice looking , sleek design . That 's about all this phone has going for it . We 've had the phone for less than a year . My biggest issues in order or importance are :1 -RRB- Battery - 2 of the 3 handsets DO NOT work anymore ... battery completely DEAD ! Charge on the remaining handset only lasts a few minutes and disconnects in the middle of my conversations , even after being charged all day and night . I 'm sure this one will be completely DEAD soon .2 -RRB- Directory - Numbers stored in one handset can not be shared between the other 2 handsets . Each handset must be programmed individually .3 -RRB- Flash button - Does not work . When I have a call waiting , and hit the Talk/Flash button , it hangs up on everyone .4 -RRB- Customer Service - When I called Vtech , it does not allow me to speak to a person . It prompts me through 100 different options but none allows me to speak directly to a live representative.THE PHONE IS JUNK . I will be replacing it today !
 Clear calls , but battery life in headset do n't last very long . Recommend you buy replacement batteries , because the ones they come with wo n't hold a charge for very long . Batteries cost about 20 bucks a piece .
 I agree with many points that other reviewers have made . Overall , the sound quality is great and it is a nice looking phone . However , there are many disappointments :1 . No expandibility2 . Can not share phone directory between hand sets3 . Poor battery life - our handsets will die in less than a day if left off of the chargerThis will most likely be my last Vtech phone , every time I purchase one there are too many `` gotchas '' .
 Phone seems nice , but I have n't gone to the trouble -LRB- as others have pointed out -RRB- of adding phonebook entries , because we 're probably going to return the phones . A fully-charged phone gets the low-batter warning after only a few hours off of the cradle , and will die completely overnight.Since we often leave our phones off the hook during the day , and we have kids that sometimes misplace them , a decent battery life is necessary ...
 This is by far the WORST set of cordless phones we have ever had ! After only around 6 monthes the phones started malfunctioning majorly . The charge would not hold more than three minutes after being removed from the charger , the phone would say `` UNAVAILABLE '' when we tried to answer it , and after hanging up the phone it would start to ring again for no reason . Thankfully , where we purchased the phone they were able to return it no box , no reciept , no problem . Just make sure that if you choose to buy this phone you go to a reputable store with a good return policy .
 I 've owned these phones for over a year , maybe closing in on a 18 months . Right now , I ca n't stand them . All three of our handsets batteries are bad . They 've been bad for sometime . Ca n't justify purchasing three batteries at $ 17 - $ 24 a pop when I could get a new system for that kind of money . -LRB- Now that I have the spare $ $ $ , I will be doing that . -RRB- Bought it initially for the features like handset speakerphone , intercom between handsets , but now I ca n't use the speakerphone because the phone will suddenly go dead . The phones go dead even if the battery icon shows full charge . The phones go dead if we get a call -- one ring and it kills it , even when in the charger stand . We constantly are now running all over the house to find a working phone when we get a call . Thank goodness we still have a corded phone.The batteries when new also seemed to need constant charging and hardly kept their daily charge . All this battery deficiency , daily and long-term charge , even happened with a replacement battery.In sum , the batteries hardly kept their charge for day use when they were new . Now that we 've had them for a while , the batteries are useless , period .
 Not too happy with these phones . The sound quality is fine , but they have the worst battery life of any phone I 've used in a long time . I think they included very weak batteries with low capacity . Another issue is that the base station 's charging socket is n't too good . Sometimes the phone fits in there and does n't make proper contact so you are n't even charging the phone ! Also if you leave the phones in the charging station for too long they get extremely hot . This probably caused the batteries to die prematurely . That 's cheap electronics , it should have a smart charger that stops charging when the batteries are full .
 This phone has wonderful styling , and uses the new voice-only , WiFi-friendly 1.9 ghz band -LRB- which is confusingly sold as using the `` DECT 6.0 '' standard , even though the ' 6.0 ' has absolutely nothing to do with the frequency the phones work at , and everything to do with marketing against 5.8 ghz phones - but I digress ... -RRB- . The one huge drawback to all Vtech DECT phones is one you have to read between the lines to get
 The battery does not stop charging . Instead , the battery keeps on heating up while charging continiously .
 This product looks good , but you should always be suspicious when one of a technical item 's selling points is a fashion statement like a multi-colored faceplate . Dell tried this and dropped it -- too bad HP did n't catch on.In summary , the HP30s is a piece of junk . The display started to have pixel failures after only a few hours of use . It is not anywhere near the quality of the old HP business and scientific calculators . I have a HP12c that is twenty years old and going strong . I did n't get 20 days out of the HP30s .
 I am an engineer and a long-time fan of H.P. products . The HP-30S , however , is a disaster . It started acting dodgy immediately after I purchased it , and it ultimately became so unreliable that I had to find a replacement . Maybe I 'm being overly harsh because of my disappointment with both the product and the brand , but I really hope this is an anomaly and not an indication of the direction H.P is heading.p.s . I purchased a Casio 115MS as a replacement , and I am very happy with it .
 i am an amazon prime member for two years now and probably purchase 150 or so products from amazon each year . in all that time i only wrote two bad reviews
 I am an electronics student , and I have TI , Casio , and Sharp . The first thing I have to say is how `` SORRY '' the instruction sheets are . I am as I write these lines , still trying to figure out how to use the percentage keys . I will have to call HP Customer Service since I have been at it now for 3 hours . My other Calcs are more user friendly . I am trying to like this HP , but I must admit that HP is not making it very easy for me.PS HP , save the faceplate money and put it instead on a decent manual . A calculator is not a fashion statement , but a tool .
 This calculator is OK for a high school junior chemistry student and that 's just about it . Or keep it in your toolbox in the garage for those times when you need to figure the area of your back yard before applying lawn fertilizer.Contrary to the reviews that say this functionality is not needed in a hand calculator , I submit for your consideration that there are PLENTY of times when you need computing horsepower and you are not conveniently seated in front of your computer , e.g. in a meeting or out in the field.I bought this grudgingly for use in the field as a backup calculator so I would n't have to risk dropping my 48 in the mud and having subsequent heart failure -LRB- I am a professional engineer -RRB- and I am sorry to say it is an utter disappointment . It is only marginally better than the competing TI or Casio . Hmmm , maybe if I DID drop it in the mud , it might at least add some character.Poor build quality , horrible instructions , crappy feel to the keys , cheezy colored faceplates ... come on , HP ! Think you could n't sell reissues of the 11c or 15c or 32sII any more ? Why then are you still making the 12c ? Have you seen the prices the 11/15/32 are commanding on eBay ? Two , three times the original retail selling price ! Hmm , why do you suppose that is ? And look at the number of bids they get ! Geez ! Wake up and smell the coffee ! Bring back RPN ! Bring back tactile keys ! Heck yes I 'll pay $ 150 for a 12c reissue ! Shoot , I 'll commit to buy six of 'em right now ! Build it -LRB- a decent calculator -RRB- and They Will Come !
 It is cheap , which is the only thing going for it . Aside from the usual complaints about it not being an HP -LRB- no RPN ? terrible keys ? fashionable looking ? -RRB- , it had a short unhappy life before it started crashing . Crashing when turned on . Crashing when picked up . Crashing when doing multiplications . I gave mine away and the person who got it had nothing but complaints .
 There 's nothing to recommend this calculator over any other cheap calculator by TI , Sharp , etc. . I bought it when my 15 year old HP48 died and this is just not a replacement.If you 're out of high school , the idea of a graphics calculator is kind of silly given the accessability of spreadsheets , but as a statistician I found my HP48 useful for lots of quick calculations . The 30S has lost virutally everything I found useful -LRB- RPN , all the valuable probability distribution stuff -RRB- and has limited functionality in most other areas . What it has got is 3 different color face plates -LRB- what ? do they think it 's a cell phone ? -RRB- and the virually useless ability to calculate means , standard deviations , and correlation coefficients -LRB- why would anyone waste time inputing a bunch of data into a calculator when they could save it in a spreadsheet file ? -RRB- .
 Maybe this works great for other disciplines , but for engineering/surveying it is darn near worthless.Unfortunately , this is one of only 6 or 7 cheapo calculators -LRB- including the HP 33s -- another piece of garbage -RRB- allowed for use on the liscensing exams . HP , please , please , please bring back one of the following
 I wanted a divider to my legal binder and thought it would be a legal sized paper , very disappointingI wanted a divider to my legal binder and thought it would be a legal sized paper , very disappointing
 1 -RRB- This calculator is slow . Any operations require a fraction of second for it to `` think '' .2 -RRB- It only comes with very few e-lessons . No more e-lessions available from HP web sites .3 -RRB- The infrared port is useless . I could n't share data or programs with anyone . Very few people are using this calculator .4 -RRB- The cable which allow this calculator connects to PC sold seperately .
 ... This calculator is really bad . it requires about 1/4 second delay for every simple calculation -LRB- e.g. 1 +1 = 2 , 2 * 2 = 4 -RRB- . it takes even longer for a more `` complex '' calculation -LRB- e ^ x , log , arctan ... -RRB- . I 'm am engr graduate student at Penn State . There are lots of HP equipments in my lab and they are great . I just ca n't imagine how a HP graphing calculator can be so slow . ... i give it 2 stars because it 's light and fancy . but if you are a serious calculator user , forget about this one .
 This is actually the second of these I have purchased . The first from another vendor was broken on arrival . This second one from Amazon broke on the third use . The gear strips . For small laminations it might be OK but for 8 by 10 photos it is stressed and breaks . The cheap plastic breaks . Cold sealing is good , but stay away from this product .
 I received this product with high hopes , based on the other reviews , and was startled to realize it is a piece of junk . They give you sticky plastic pages , which you press together around whatever you want to ` laminate . ' The ` laminator ' does nothing . Skip this product & buy the sticky paper instead & you 'll be fine .
 I opened the package and immediately , I realized that this was not what I had expected . It was poorly made and the quality of the laminates was also poor . The laminate would peel-off if an edge happended to be slightly open . Also , the paper was a sticky mess . If you do n't place the laminate correctly the first time , then say goodbye to your precious document . Do n't even think about pulling the sticky paper off and re-doing it because it will rip or damage your document . Definitely a bad purchase . Beware !!!!
 There 's a reason that this laminator costs much less than most other models - it 's made of unreliable plastic.I have never laminated before . I bought one of these and misread the poortly written instructions . While trying to get the first paper item to be laminated , the lamination envelope and two carrier sheets through it the first time , one of the two flimsy plastic pieces that holds the roller in place snapped off of the plastic housing . The laminator was not repairable , even with super glue!Unless you are verrry familiar with how to laminate and are really gentle when using fragile plastic devices , this thing is just too fragile to consider purchasing at any price .
 I bought this a few weeks back but did n't have the momentum to try it , so did n't even take it out of the pack . Today when I finally found a need for laminating something , I took it out and observed that the metal parts inside got totally rusted . I could clearly see a metal rod from the slit on the bottom side which got very badly rusted that the rust is falling out of it . I live in SF bay area which is not a moist environment either .
 I have not yet received my items . I payed for 2day air mail and it has been 3 days . -LRB- STILL NOT HERE -RRB- I am a bit upset that i payed that much money and did not get it in a timly manner.Really hope someone is going to do something about this situation !!!!
 This product is a complete waste of money . It is made of flimsy plastic and broke the first time we tried to use it . We eventually wound up using a heavy metal roller off of a machine tool to finish the job . It also only comes with 1 piece of plastic in each size which is inconvenient . There is absolutely no fixing this POC either . Do n't waste your money .
 This item was received as a Christmas Gift on 12/25/00 . Upon opening and trying the laminator , I found the gears inside were broken into several pieces . The paperwork that was included with the laminator said it had a 1 Year Warranty , so I called the 1-800 number to request the gears be sent to me and I would install them . The person I spoke with was very rude and said they would not cover this problem , that it should be sent with the receipt to the place of purchase . I again requested just sending me the items and she informed me that they do not do that and very rudely said they would not accept a return under the warranty . So , basically it is my problem . I will not do business with this company again if I can help it . What is the purpose of a warranty if the company will not accept it 's own terms of that warranty ? I only gave this item a 1 Star review because it did not give me an option of entering a negative !
 This a totallly unnecessary piece of plastic . Use a rolling pin , it will work better . I do n't see why a person would need this thing . Save your money and purchase a hot seal laminator or stick with the rolling pin . It 's USELESS . Difficult getting the laminating plastic through the device -LRB- rollers -RRB- .
 I only used this 8 times and then it broke .
 Unit was new , but useless ... all the metal parts were fully rusted . Promptly returned it without even a chance to use it .
 Although the basic idea of the product is good , the laminator broke on me the very first time I used it . Needless to say I am very disappointed . Thank goodness I was able to save my document .
 I just recived my Laminator and on the first use the gears stripped out . We will see how Helpfull Leitz is in replacing it for me .
 this product broke after less than 2 weeks of having it and we only used 4 times
 I am extremely dissappointed in both this product and the lack of customer service of the manufacturer . When I pulled the laminator of the package , I discovered that the metal parts inside of it are completely rusted . I called the maker of the product , Esselte/Leitz , because the product supposedly came with a 1-year warranty , as stated in the documentation that came with the product . They informed me that they no longer make this product and will not honor the warranty . They told me they could n't help me and that I should take up my dissatisfaction with Amazon.com . They also informed me that they no longer make the refill pouches to go with it . I noticed this problem popped up in another review , so I find it hard to believe it 's an isolated incident .
 Like another reviewer I found these hard to &#34; activate &#34; to get the pigment flowing . A disappointment for me , I 'm afraid .
 I love Sharpie Ultra-Fiine Point as to how well they work BUT warning ! The color of the caps DO NOT MATCH THE COLOR OF THE PENS at all other than the red , black & gray ! Very frustrating when doing art work with them !! The name of the colors are not even on the pens ! Come on Sharpie , as much as we pay for this product you could at least if not match the lids to the actual colors , put the name of the colors on the pens ! How do you expect us to do our work effectively ? I finally made my own color chart , gave the colors names , then took white ashesive tape wrote my color name and put on the pen . -LRB- If you try to use the black marker and write it on the pen it will of course soon wipe off as permanent does not stay on this type of plastic -RRB- . Took awhile but much needed thing to do .
 I was excited when I saw all these beautiful fine-tipped pens . I like a variety of colors for my daily journal writing . At first , I was disappointed because the inks bled through , so you could either waste paper and write on one side or try and see what you wrote through the inky bleed through ! I soon noticed the strong chemical smell from the ink . . and decided this was not healthy . Wish I had returned and gotten my money back , but imposed them!I just impulse bought . . if I had read the reviews AS I usually do before buying , I bet these issues were addressed.Beware of toxicity !
 Already had problems delivering it on time and then the markets about 6 of them dont even work , the are dried out ... I dont know how . but its just sad , I have no car and I work 5days a week 24 hours , and so I would like to order things on here more often then I do !
 I purchased these -LRB- in latter Dec 2012 -RRB- and did not have immediate use of them and left them in the box , upon needing them today , I discovered that the clear plastic windows had yellowed , Amazon does not want to replace them since it has been more than 30 days since purchase.Buyer beware .
 It was like H E L L to get this out of its encasement.I could n't find my explosive bolts , so I used a blowtorch to pop this tiny bottle out of its plastic display case.Everything else was copacetic , except for the shipping , which cost two-and-one-half times more than the ink !
 My rating is more about AMAZON than the product . I ordered a set of Sharpie Fine Point Markers 24 pack , that were $ 10.00 . They sent me `` 80 's GLAM '' . It was NOT 80 's GLAM that I ordered ! I 'm sure the product is fine , colors are n't what I wanted , AMAZON pulled a fast one . I would NEVER order ANYTHING listed as `` 80 's GLAM '' . Shame on AMAZON for doing this .
 The `` fabric '' might as well be paper gauze , it 's so thin and flimsy . Out of the box , the `` fabric '' was torn and coming loose around every attachment screw on the back . The `` fabric '' on the seat is attached with a ragged line of staples that can be seen by your guests before they sit down to have their clothes ripped by the jagged edges . I guess we should have reminded ourselves that `` you get what you pay for , '' though in the case of the Boss `` Fabric '' Plus -LRB- ! -RRB- Guest Chair , you get much , much less than even the rocky-bottom price .
 The seller was great ... however the product was NOT ! The fabric was substandard quality and reaked of chemicals . The workmanship was also lacking . The tool they used to screw the back together apparently got hot and melted the fabric . It was shipped to me that way . There were also a number of staples sticking out of the underside of the chair . The overall quality is horrible .
 After about one year , I experienced several problems with this phone : - The numbers in the dialing keypad get stuck and I had to redial phone numbers several times . - Several times phone calls get dropped sporadically . - The battery life was shortened significantly . I can no longer stay on this phone for more than 30 min because the phone call would get dropped.I am stuck with this phone which I rarely use due to the issues mentioned above .
 First of all , when the cart finally arrived one of the wheels was broken . Where ever the cart shipped from claimed that we had to take a picture of the busted cart and wheel and forward it to them before they would fulfill our request . They also said that it would take several weeks to ship another . However , my husband eventually notified Sauder who shipped another wheel within 2 days at no charge . The cart is currently serving its purpose , holding our printer and kids books . However , I do wish that it did have a plywood backing so that items would not fall off the back of the shelves . But it is what it is considering the cost .
 I just got this mouse pad shipped today and it kind of let me down . From hearing all the reviews out there about this mouse pad , alot of people claimed that it 's `` the best mouse pad out there '' . I find that false because at the bottom of the pad , there is no grip somewhat . It 's just styrofoam-like . Plus the upper cloth is n't soft at all . It 's a bit hard but not as hard as mouse plastic pad.To come to my conclusion , this is indeed a quality of a .74 cent mouse pad . It 's not too bad . In order for me to stop making the mouse pad move around when I move my mouse , I lay another mouse pad underneath it with the one that has the better grip , holding this mouse pad in place.Just my 2 cents .
 It works as a mouse pad -LRB- the mouse has smooth traction and the optics will pick up movement over its surface more accurately then it would over most desktops -RRB- but it is cheap . The fabric started to peal off of the foam after three months of light use .
 Dang . I thought that this was that standard gray mouse pad with the thick and heavy rubberized base , but I was very wrong . The super cheapy mouse pad that I originally had was a gray one like this Belkin , but it was very thick , heavy and felt as tyhough the base was composed of a rubbery material that gripped the table surface so well . However , it was getting worn down and dirtty , so I thought of getting two of these things so I do not have to search around again for a quality pad again.Well , the ones I received from here -LRB- the Belkin brand -RRB- were incredibly light weigh , foam backed pads that wanted to curl upwards as it sat on the desk . Sure , once you had the mouse and your hand on the pad it would stay in place , but it did not seem at all secure like my old one . The pad just felt cheap as you were using it , and because of the stiff foam backing , you could hear and feel the rubbing/scratching sound of the mouse as it traveled over its surface . You even got nauseous from the spray-on adhesive that was used to glue the cloth onto the backing of the pad . I would search around more for a different pad . The thick , rubbery pad I had is a dream compared to these and you should be able to find them somewhere on Amazon for cheap . If you are used to the cheap foam pads , then that is too bad.Well , overall , this really is not a bad mouse pad for the price -LRB- although I paid 2.99 for mine -RRB- , so this will work if you need a cheap pad that are for the kids or for the family 's heavily used computer . As for quality , this lacks , and if you get one , you can just feel it . I hope this was of use for some people -LRB- like me -RRB- , looking for that cheap , bud decently built mouse pad that needs to be replaced . The best thing to do is go mosey down to your local supermarket , or an electronics store , and get a feel for the mouse pads for sale . Good luck ...
 This thing fell apart pretty fast -LRB- after about two weeks of occasional use at the office -RRB- . I could not recommend it to anyone .
 The first day of use , the very thin cloth overlay atop the foam rubber base of this pad started peeling at the edge . I turned it around and the other edge did the same . Adhesion of the cloth overlay to the base is almost non-existent and for the price of this , I could have bought several much higher quality ones at Office Max . This is junk .
 Do n't buy this -- after one week at my desk , the fabric edges are coming apart so I am here to buy another one !
 I find this pad to be useless . It is so light , without a method to hold to a surface , it moves around on the desk and thus it is nearly impossible to move the mouse on the monitor .
 very light weight . Cheapest quality mouse pad I ever used . As other users have said , not very good for optical mice . Yes the reverse side does work better , but then the pad slides around the desk . Also the sides curl up , it does n't even lay flat on the desk .
 This is just the cheapest mouse pad I 've ever seenthe bottom is n't textured or anything , Its basically a piece of foam with thin jersey fabric on top.It works better than using no mouse pad , but definitely wasnt worth 3.50 , i dont understand how some people say this is `` The best mouse pad `` next time I 'm going to an office store . -LRB- I have an optical mouse , so i do n't know how this works for mechanical mice -RRB-
 This was said to be a rubber mouse pad but the one I got was a light peace of foam , it slides all around and I do n't use it . Keep looking if you want a good mouse pad .
 I put it under my optical mouse , so my cursor wuld n't `` jump '' , but this thing has almost NO friction on my desk.I 'd rather have to deal with an occasionally `` hyper '' optical mouse than a mousepad that wo n't stay still .
 Do n't expect anything more than average because you get what you pay for .
 The Lamy 2000 is a beautiful pen , very understated but feels perfect in the hand . Much lighter than you might expect , and the brushed feeling makes it easy to hold . So why only 3 stars ? The pen has a tendency to leak.After only a month , mine often has ink drops that leak out of the body at the top , near the threads of the piston filler . My hands are always stained with ink ! So it is going back to Lamy for servicing . I 've heard this from others , that you can expect to send yours back to the company within 2 years.I like hooded nib designs , and have used a Parker 51 for over 20 years . However , I was looking for a new pen to supplement the Parker with a finer nib . In hindsight , I should have purchase a Pilot Vanishing Point , the Japanese have higher quality control.UPDATE
 I bought this last week and will be returning it today . While I can usually hear phone conversations OK , the quality of the voice is not very good - usually has some static . The user manual is incomplete and confusing -LRB- for example , blinking codes on base display are not explained ; words printed on the phone parts are not in the index - the user manual uses different words for the same parts ! -RRB- , editing caller id info in the user directory does not update the corresponding info in the caller id list -LRB- phones from Panasonic and Sony do this correctly - AT&T does not -RRB- . If you want to buy a quality 5.8 GHz phone , try any other brand . AT&T goofed on the quality and design of this one !
 Am pleased with unit in most respects except erratic performance . Features are good , but dialing using the stored numbers bring this unit to the edge of unacceptability . It often requires 2 or more dialing attempts and sometimes connects with no audio reception -- while the person called can hear everything including a few unsavory comments concerning the unit . The troubleshooting portion of the manual is an insight to the inherent problems and making it clear that returning it for repair would be useless . Following troubleshooting instructions provided no relief . I would return this unit for a refund if possible though . I fully expect to have to replace this unit in the near future .
 Purchased this phone and am returning it since it `` hums '' whenever there is a call . I even tried it at my vacation home in a different state but experienced the same problem . Not worth the hassle .
 We purchased this phone a few months ago , and it has been nothing but trouble . It is made of cheap plastic , the reception is terrible , and the functionality is extremely limited . Some features make no sense , like the fact that the message voice will tell you the time of day and the year -LRB- ! -RRB- someone called , but not the date of the call . Real junk , you can get better phones for less money -- avoid this !
 This phone is lovely to look at BUT ... 1 . The numbers on the touch pad wore off within 6 months .2 . The touchpad completely ceased to function within three years of very light use . -LRB- it was a second phone used maybe 1 - 4 times a week -RRB- 3 . The receiver cord is EXTREMELY short .
 Nice looking phone , was initially very pleased with it - but then the touch pad stopped working after one day . I will now have to return it .
 This phone looks great , perfect size & exactly the image I wanted for our dining room telephone nook . Unfortunately I did n't see the reviews -LRB- here & elsewhere -RRB- before I ordered it online . It 's been 3 months now & it no longer rings for incoming calls . Also , it has never worked to call out from the house . You can answer an incoming call fine -LRB- if you know there is one from the other house phones ringing ... -RRB- but when you try to dial out it only dials the first number and then quits . Does n't matter if I use tone or pulse dialing and I 've tried it in 4 different phone jacks now -LRB- one of them not even at my house -RRB- . It is definitely the phone , not my wiring . Disappointing , do n't waste your money .
 From the moment I connected the phone it would not work.I could get incoming calls and that is all . The dial tone would work when it felt like it . I had to click the cradle numerous times and just hope for a dial tone.None of the buttons work , and this seemed to be a constant occurence with others whose reviews I read . Save your money and buy another phone . It may be good looking , but buyer beware , because you will be disapointed . I contacted Crosley the maker of this phone , and found out that it would cost half of what I payed for it to get it repaired. ,
 Its smaller than the regular portfolio . A4 size paper will not fit even if folded in half . Description on Amazon differs from description onf Beach Camera website site which clearly describd it as '' Wenger Swiss Gear Leather PDA Black Junior Zip-Folio Case '' .
 It is made of cheap material with poor craftmanship . Disgrace to Swiss Gear Wenger . I would n't be caught dead carrying this around . Skip on buying this one and save your $ 10 .
 The plastic attachments that enable stacking the shelves were very hard to put on.I kept them near the heating vent for a minute hoping they would expand and make it easier to pop on.I bought two of these trays and one of the trays has it 's set of plastic stand -LRB- ? -RRB- things badly bent out of shape . It would n't have fit even if I gave it my heat-vent treatment.The one shelf that I did manage to stack feels very stable , my lower shelf no longer has a base and lies flat on my table.I would not say this is a bad product . It looks alright , but I am very disappointed by the quality control , or lack thereof , on the part of whoever packed the plastic attachments.I would not buy this product again .
 I bought a telephone with two handsets about 9 months ago and both handsets are now basically useless
 The reception on this phone was only good within about 15 feet of the base . We used it for a week , but it never got better . It was sporatic , so may be associated with the 2.4 frequency rather than the phone itself , but regardless I sent it back . This was to replace a 900Hz Sony that has always worked fine , but will no longer hold a charge very long .
 Never had problems like this with any other phones . Sometimes the phone rings , sometimes it does n't -LRB- the satellite handset never rings ; at least it 's consistent -RRB- . Too often , when dialling out , you get a message that says `` try again '' . Now , after only three months and change , some of the lettering on the ID screen is fading out . Not good .
 It 's a beautiful phone ... . that broke down shortly after using it.It 's a decorative piece that gets compliments . For the price , . . it should work better .
 From the look of this phone , I was hoping that the phone would be more of a metalic quality . While some parts of the phone are metal , there is actually a lot of plastic . I took it out of the box and it just had that cheap feeling to it . I do not really return things often , but this went back right away . Nothing against the seller -- I received prompt delivery and processing of my return -- this is just not a high quality product . I must admit that I did not even plug it in , so I can not vouch for call clarity , etc. . Overall , I was very disappointed in the quality of this product and would not recommend it if you are looking for something of substance .
 This item arrived at my house yesterday and I was so excited to pull it out of the box , and then my mood changed drastically . I was very disappointed by the plastic everywhere . The hand held ear piece was the sturdiest portion of the phone . The cradle the handpiece rests on was plastic with a crome colored paint coating . I 've seen McDonalds Happy Meal toys that were better put together than this thing . The phone has lots of eye appeal but it wo n't last in any sort of daily use . I hung the phone on the wall without any difficulty and my daughter and I placed 13 coins in the top of the phone . The wonderful sound effect that happened with the drop of each coin ended after the 13th coin . I really expect something that I pay over $ 70 for to last for more than 5 minutes , call me crazy !!!! Sound quality of the one and only phone call we made was good but I 'm sure that soon the cradle would be snapped off in the floor if anyone did n't use extreme care when hanging up the phone . Needless to say the phone is going back !
 I was very happy to own this vintage phone -LRB- even though it 's not cheap -RRB- and pleased at how easy it was to install and use . But after three days , it conked out . I hardly used it -- maybe a total of two outgoing calls and three received calls -- until it went totally unusable . I checked and rechecked the wires . Plugged and unplugged them . Most of the time you could hear the dial tone even when it 's not being used . If I try calling it , it would ring but whoever takes the call wo n't hear me or vice versa . Hanging up would just make the phone launch its `` busy tone '' which is audible even when the hand/mouth piece is back on the cradle . Now , it just stands in a corner gathering dust . I 'm based overseas so returning it may not be worth the extra cost and hassle . It looks great -LRB- though I 'm disappointed that the body is 90 % plastic ! -RRB- but the quality is not .
 This product was cheaper quality than it looks online . I would recommend viewing on in person before purchasing online . This price was not justifiable in my opinion .
 It lloks great and is a wonderful conversation starter . However , the volume is so quiet you cant hear out of the reciever . I love the look I really wish it had not pooped on us after only a month
 It looks and feels like any old file rack . But , and I should have known this from the picture , if you put a heavier file in the top shelf the whole thing will fall off you desk ... just saying ...
 I purchased the Crosley CR-57 in brushed chrome in February 2006 . Less than a year later , it 's inoperable and way out of Crosley 's 90 day warranty . Compared to the 1950s Western Electric manufactured phone that Crosley modeled their product from , the Western Electric product lasted for years !
 Ordered the chrome wall phone twice ! The first return was defective , no voicepiece transmission . Had a phone repair guy come in and replace the jack but it was the phone . I gave it a second try , same defect . What a waste of time . They should not sell this phone to anyone . now I have no interest in any Crosley product , no QA .
 While I love the look of the phone ; it worked for less than a year .
 Should have paid extra for one that came with the little feet attached . They do n't seem like a neccessity but using a glass desk , I fear that it will be scratched . Considering returning this after asking many hulking men to help attach the feet and only one little foot has latched on .
 These are simply too much trouble for no real benefit . The quick review is
 i bought this phone expecting it to be very much classic stuff . but upon getting it found out that it was very much different from what i expected . there was no rotary dial , and the bells on the top donot ring , it was just for a show . so i sent it back . and i am very thankful to amazon.com which processed my returns and refunds much quicker than i anticipated . even though i didnt like the product and sent it back , i will be a amazon.com shopper .
 Similar to another reviewer earlier this year , my phone will not hang up . As soon as the phone is plugged in , a dial tone is present , which is of course good . However , placing the phone on the hook does not disconnect it from the line . Even if the phone is plugged in with the receiver on the hook , it still does not disconnect . Same behavior if the speaker phone is used . The end result of this is that no phone in the house will work as it causes the phone line to behave as if there was a phone off the hook -LRB- which there is not ! -RRB- . This started occurring after a few days of use . Unfortunately , I purchased the item in July , and did not install it until September -LRB- we were saving it for a new house we were moving into -RRB- . Had I tried it right away , I would have likely discovered the problem and have been able to return it . I will not buy another one - very disappointed . As this is the second time this has happened to two separate people , buyers should be very cautious with this as it seems to be a recurring problem on multiple phones . I suppose Amazon could have re-sold the faulty phone from the earlier reviewer -LRB- May 2009 -RRB- to me -LRB- in July 2009 -RRB- - I would hope that was not the case , though .
 This phone looks great . I can even pick up the receiver and talk on it , make outgoing calls , and what not . However , when I try to hang up ... the phone does not hang up . The line does not disconnect . After a short while , you get very loud beeping , and all the phones in the house are useless until this phone is disconnected from the wall . I might even make a youtube video review for you , just so you can see what happens with this thing.I 'm considering taking it apart to fix it . Otherwise ... it may just be a very expensive wall decoration .
 Everything about the phone is fine BUT the ringer does n't work . What good is a phone if you ca n't hear it ring ? Returned .
 I purchased this a about six months ago for occasional use . It has been hardly used . The connection -LRB- internal -RRB- to the hand set has failed . -LRB- Speaker phone still works -RRB- . Return under warranty with `` handling charges '' and shipping would be almost as much as the phone cost.Crosley CR92 Country Wall Phone II - Oak
 This phone looks great but the quality is lacking . Numerous reviews note the problem of disconnecting calls . My problems was just the opposite . When my phone would ring I was unable to answer it unless I held up the cradle during the call . Finally , I took the phone apart to see what the problem was . It turns out that there is a tiny -LRB- and I mean tiny -RRB- spring which operates the cradle mechanism -LRB- resembles a very tiny version of a clothes pin spring but hairlike in dimension -RRB- which was snapped in two and would be impossible to repair . So to the dump this phone will go.I did not purchase this phone through Amazon but want to make potential consumers aware of the poor quality of this product .
 The cabinetry is really beautiful ; elegantly designed , nicely finished and sturdy . Unfortunately , the electronics are defective . No dial tone and no sound from the headset . If you read other reviewers experiences , you 'll see that you should only buy this product if you like a crap shoot ; if you get a good roll of the dice , you 'll get one that works , at least for a while , and if you do n't , you 'll at least have Amazon 's outstanding return policies to fall back on .
 It was a shame to throw away so much wood after less than two years , but the electronics only lasted for one and a half year .
 We liked the looks of this phone for our kitchen . Installed the telephone , and in less than 3 months it does n't work . The receiver arm where you hang up the telephone does not work . You do not get a dial tone when you lift up the receiver . Because this phone does not work , all of the other phones in the house , as well as our voice mail does not work . I finally had to uninstall it to make everything else work . Will not get a replacement .
 Bought this phone for our newly remodeled kitchen . When we hooked it up we heard nothing through the hand set . Speaker phone had dial tone but not handset . Plugged in a hand set from one of our other old phones and it worked . Notified Crosley , they sent us a new handset , now that one works but there is loud static . Guess I 'll call Crosley again and hope they send me another one that works correctly .
 I got it at my local Target for roughly half of some of the prices on here . *** Update ... stopped working , more Chinese made junk !
 The first review I have ever written . I got this for my girls ' room last Christmas and sadly it broke over the summer . It will not hang up , it just will have a dial tone and then that annoying blast . I even spoke to a representative from the compnay before my purchase as I had read another review about cancer causing materials and she set my mind at ease . I see that my return time was a bit over one month so that should have told me something , RIGHT ?!!!!?
 I purchased this phone & it does look adorable , however it does not work . After reading several reviews on this phone I found it is an on-going problem . If you 're looking for fashionable , this is a fabulous phone . However , if you 're looking for function , keep looking . ** LUCKILY , I purchased this item straight from Amazon . Their easy return process was wonderful and took the headache out of this problem . **
 I was dissappointed when this phone was delivered . It was not packed in any protective box , just shipped in the original box . I bought this item as a gift and it is virtually unwrappable . I have no idea if the phone works or not , but do n't be suprised if you order this phone that it may be damaged .
 Do not buy this phone ! It may look great , but it is the worst phone I have ever had . Before every call , all you can hear is static while dialing and during the first part of your conversation . The static ultimately goes away , but what a ridiculous issue to have with a brand new phone ! I did n't hook it up until the return window had closed . I never thought I 'd have to send it back ! Now , I 'm stuck with it . Heed my warning !
 Love the look and feel and even high-pitched ring but it stopped working within 2 months ... now a cute paper weight .
 I got this phone purchased for me off my wishlist and it arrived to me broken ! We contacted customer service multiple times and had no response . This really sucks because it is a very cute phone , but BEWARE .
 Sadly , the piece inside the handset that allows you to hear the caller broke off , still inside the handset . You could rattle the handset around and hear it bonking from side to side . I could hardly hear anyone after that , and I had n't owned the phone for more than 2 months when this happened . Pain in the neck . So we gave the phone to the thrift store , just in case someone who was handy enough to fix such a think might find it . Because of this cheap construction , I wo n't be buying any phones from this company anymore , even if it costs me extra money .
 This is a really cute phone ! Unfortunately , you can hardly hear anyone on the other end , and they can barely hear you ! Probably , the one I received is just a lemon , but quite a few reviewers remarked on the poor sound , so it would seem as though there are lots of lemons out there ... the odds are n't exactly appealing . Very sad because it 's so cool looking ! Now to find a boring phone that works ...
 I ordered this wonderfully pink Crosley phone as a surprise present for my mother who has cancer . I also knew it would also fit my mother 's small bedside table beautifully and she 'd have a ball using it.Well , the phone came very nicely wrapped , but as we were excitedly unpacking and installing it in the phone socket , a sticker on the phone box caught our attention . it was a Warning label that read
 Style is true to the 1960 's . Ringer is too loud even in the `` soft '' setting . Buttons are not illuminated so its impossible to see how to dial in the dark . Overall , not worth the cost .
 You can not change the cord going to the headset if you want a shorter or longer cord and when the phone rings , it sounds like the bell has been wrapped with a towel . It 's barely audible . And the manufacturer -LRB- in China -RRB- has made it so that there are no screws visible to remove the top of the case so that the bell can be examined . If I had known what I do now , I never would have bought it or any other Crosly product .
 I purchsed this phone for my elderly mother who is hard of hearing and wears a hearing aid . It helped a lot with the volumn , but not much help to her in deciphering words ... there are still words she can hear but cant make out . This phone professed to help in that area , but I see no progress there . If I talk to her on this phone , she cant hear me any better than the regular phone I replaced . The buttons are large and helpful , and it has a booster button for her to press to make the phone louder at any time , but its the making out of certain words that it claimed it would help , in which it did not . Not worth the money -LRB- 109.00 -RRB- should have been more like 49.00 or less .
 Waterman Expert Black Laquer .5 mm Pencil - 30021WI am about to return this pencil for the 3rd repair . Each time it is returned it works until the lead needs to be refilled . Then it will not advance . The company will not replace the $ 125 pencil nor refund the price . They concede there is a `` faulty mechanism '' which they `` supposedly repair '' . This pencil was part of a three piece set . Both pens work with the excellence expected of Waterman products . I continue to add to the cost of the unusable Waterman Expert pencil with insured return postage while using a $ 1.25 Pentel pencil . It is now a matter of principle -LRB- or stupidity -RRB- .
 While this phone is very clear , and stays charged for quite a long time , I have had nothing but problems with it . For starters , when putting it back on the charger it does not always charge . You have to fiddle with it so it sits in the charger just right . The phone also gets very hot after sitting on the charger , and the numbers tend to stick . This is the second one we have purchased , figuring maybe the first one was just a defect .
 I really wanted to like this phone . It has wall mount , digital spread spectrum , excellent sound quality , a comfortable handset , and a good feature list . After two days , I ca n't stand using it anymore . - You ca n't dial the phone from the base if you are using the handset - defeats the whole purpose of multiple keypads . - The caller ID wo n't stop blinking without picking up the handset and going through multiple menu items . - The phone wo n't let you step through the names in the stored directory any faster than one per second . - Speed dial only works on the base , not the handset . - Speed dial and the stored directory do n't work together . - Transferring calls between the speaker phone and the handset is a tedious , noisy operation . - No mute button . - Too much loud beeping that you ca n't turn off.In short - if you are n't a phone power user , do n't pay for the extra features on this phone . If you are a power user , find a phone designed by someone with common sense . I 'm still looking .
 I 've owned this phone for a little more than a year . At first I was very satisfied not only with the features , but also with the voice quality . Unfortunately , by now the phone is barely usable and I am already looking for a replacement.First , the battery life was adequate for nearly the first year . I would get about 4 hours of talk time , which was okay . However , the standby time was not very good ... If I left home for a weekend , the phone would inevitably be dead upon my return . However , after 1 year , the battery life has shortened significantly to about 2 hours of talk time . The indicator is also of very little use because it will go from 2 out of 3 bars to dead.Secondly , the main reason I am replacing this phone -LRB- I could always buy a replacement battery -RRB- is that the phone randomly cuts out all the time . At first I thought it might be interference from my home wireless network , but I noticed this was also a common complaint from other users . Frankly , the frequent dead silences are too great of an annoyance for me and for the people I am talking to.If this phone is still available for purchase , I would recommend against it .
 Terrible sound quality coupled with an expensive price combine to make this phone an ill-advised purchase .
 This is probably the worst panasonic phone ever . Thebattery life is a joke . You charged the phone for wholeday , and after 1 hour talking , you have to recharge itagain . Completely useless.This will be the last panasonic phone I will ever buy
 I had the previous version of this phone -LRB- and 900 MHZ panasonic cordless before that -RRB- , but when the headset jack went bad , I upgraded to this new model.It is not an upgrade , but a downgrade ! 1 -RRB- The battery life is abysmal -- just about 1.25 hours of talk time , less than 1/2 the previous model . And it often cuts out when I 'm on a call with clients without the beep warning .2 -RRB- The action on the blue navigation button stinks . I can look up a number in a a phne book and dial it with my own fingers faster than scrolling through the phone 's directory . What 's the point ? 3 -RRB- Performance with a headset is terrible . People are always saying that I sound very far away -- a problem I did n't have with the old phone -LRB- same headset and settings -RRB- . I like the features -LRB- speaker with keypad , voicemail light -RRB- , form factor and cordless performance . But this phone does n't cut it for me anymore .
 It is a phone with many nice and unique features and a pretty good range . Before you buying any Panasonic phone , be aware that all Panasonic phone products may have the some common issues . The following list is for your consideration :1 . You can never turn off the ringer unless unplugging the phone line ; 2 . You can never turn off the sometimes-annoying keypad tone ; 3 . Do n't operate it too fast or you get the infamous Panasonic `` out of range '' problem even if your phone is 1 inch away from the base . To reset it , you need to unplug it from the power cord for a few minutes ; 4 . If you call in to check new messages , the first choice is `` play all messages '' rather than `` play new messages '' . Be patient with the slow prompts and there 's no shortcut .5 . it 's not likely you will remember how to set the clock , so do n't unplug it from the power source , unless you have to .6 . Your recorded greeting will never sound too good over the phone . The caller should not speak too fast or too low when recording . This is not just Panasonic 's issue though .7 . Nobody liked the way it looks when I mounted it onto the wall ; 8 . The phone is water-resistant , but not the marks for the buttons . They may fade out before the battery dies ; 9 . Average sound quality ;
 I purchased this phone a few weeks ago . The best I can say about it is that it works . The battery only holds a charge for four hours . It is complicated to use . For example , you ca n't just adjust the ringer volume ... you have to either refer to the owner 's manual or play with all the function keys to figure it out . I really dislike this phone .
 We lost the handset . Called Panasonic to get a replacement , they would not sell us a replacement handset . Overall disappointed with Panasonic and this phone .
 I have had this phone for about two years . I kept blaming the kids for not putting it back on the cradle to recharge , but then they went away to camp this summer and I know it was on the cradle whenever it should have been . Fully charged it only lasts about an hour . Replacing the battery helped for a month or two , but now it has started to drain too rapidly again . I do n't think having to buy a new battery every three months is reasonable . My other phones have never had this problem .
 The phone itself could be great . It has every feature that the average person could ever need . Fairly easy to figure out and use also . The problem ... the battery lasts only for about a half an hour of talk time -LRB- after being on the charger all day -RRB- before it cuts out and can not be used again for several more hours . Over all , I would have to say not worth the aggravation
 Very poor quality for a premium price . The sound quality is poor . There is a distinct background hiss on all channels . The battery does n't keep a charge very long , and there is no mute key -LRB- an absolute must for a speaker phone -RRB- .
 I bought this phone because I have used other panasonic product and have been very happy with them . granted there are a lot of nice features on this phone and it will go all over the place but mine only lasted 1 month before i started having nothing but problems . first the battery went bad . then the phone had more problems that would n't allow it to operate off the base unit . if it were n't for these fairly major problems it would have been and excellent phone .
 This is the worst phone on the market today . Save your money . The battery does n't last long enough to finish a phone call no matter how long you charge it . You ca n't even turn the ringer down or off . Do n't waste your time or money on this phone or any other panasonic products . Everytime I buy from them , the product turns out being defective .
 my first panasonic 2563 works great ... this 2583 wo n't hold a charge for more than 10 minutes talk time ... and it 's only two weeks old !!!!!!!!!! customer service offered to replace it with a refurbished model when all i 'm looking for is a new battery ... i paid top dollar so that i could trade it in two weeks later for a refurbished unit ... i 'm very dissapointed with them ... never another panasonic .
 I wish I had taken heed to the warnings before I purchased this phone in Feb. 2003 ... The battery life is the worst I 've EVER seen ! You probably get a good 10 mins . of talk time per charge ... PLEASE DO N'T BUY IT !!!!
 While I did purchase this phone refurbished , I still expected far better performance from a 2.4 GHz phone . While distance has not been a problem , the quality of the reception has been poor since day one . I really do not use any other the features so I can accutately comment on those .
 Bought this phone less than a year ago from Good Guys . Hand unit will regularly freeze up for minutes at a time . Base unit will not consistanty charge the hand unit . When the hand unit indicates a full charge it will run out with one hours continuous use . What started out a month ago as random hissing has turned into a regular background hiss that makes communication all but impossible . Menu options on handset are cumbersome and frustrating . No mute button on speakerphone . I am told that Good Guys only has 30 day return policy and If I had purchased an extended warranty they would replace it . I should not have to plan for product failure in a $ 200 phone in less than a year .
 I gave this phone a good review when I first bought it -LRB- 4 stars if you can believe it ?! -RRB- , but then after about a year I started experiencing some extremely annoying problems . 1st it almost always says `` out of range '' -LRB- I live in a 1200 sq ft condo , so I ca n't go too far `` out of range '' , whatever the heck that means -RRB- and even when standing right next to the base it would still say `` out of range '' . Impossible as it sounds , that is not the most annoying problem . The most annoying feature of this piece of junk is that phone itself also has a battery , a special Panasonic battery -LRB- not included -RRB- that you have to keep replacing and if you do n't get to the phone fast enough -LRB- if you read the manual , it says within 3 minutes !! -RRB- You loose all your stored info like preferences , phone numbers , etc and in addition to replacing the battery , you have to recharge for 7 whole hours . So unless you have another phone handy , that could be a problem . But the worst part is that the battery cover on the back of the phone is next to impossible to remove , 3 minutes is not long enough even if you had advance warning , so you will most likely loose all the info anyways . Strength is not the issue in removing the cover ; you have to have 3 hands . So right now , the phone is on the junk pile and I 'm off to by a new phone , not a Panasonic .
 ... the problems with my phone started 3 months and 11 days after purchase . Panasonic are absolutely not there in support - their solution is to send the phone back to them for repair or they will send me a refurb -LRB- at my expense ... thanks a lot -RRB- . Meanwhile - my solution - BUY A NEW PHONE until they get around to returning mine to me ! Great ! Thanks ! Never again ...
 This phone makes you sound like you are in a tunnel . It appears to be a flaw with the way the microphone is angled ... I have owned a couple of Panasonic phones in the past which were amazing . It 's too bad that this one turned out to be junk . Due to the poor sound quality and horrible repair policy , this will be the last Panasonic phone I will ever purchase .
 There is some type of flaw in the design of some of these models that prevent the hand set from being charged after a sometimes short period of time . I bought a 2.4 Ghz unit in June and about a week ago the hand set did n't recharge . I bought a new $ 20 . battery and it still did n't recharge . So I took the unit back to Circuit City and tried to exchange it . The return guy told me that I had to call Panasonic for an authorization number . Called , talked to Dawn and she said that it was Panasonic 's policy to only repair , never exchange defective merchandise . After a period of time I can understand that policy but three months . A 200 dollar phone should work better than that . The guy at Circuit City was so annoyed at this that he gave me an extended warranty on the phone and told me to go pick out another.The guy at Circuit City felt that there was some type of fundamental problem with these phones recharging the hand set .
 I liked the design of this phone . It had all the features I wanted . My only complaint before buying it was that it would not stand up on a table and had to be laid in a prone position . After purchasing the phone I found much more to complain about ! Little good it did . Panasonic has the worst customer service of any company I 've ever dealt with.Now about this phone . When you try to make a call , check messages or Caller ID log , most of the time the display says `` Searching '' followed by `` Out of range '' . This can be anywhere in the house including no more than 2 feet from the base ! When you can get it to turn on and you 're speaking with someone , the interference is so bad it could have been used as laboratory sound effects in the original Frankenstein movie ! Oscillating buzzing , humming and clicking . I 've thought perhaps I have some sort of emissive signal nearby but 2 other 900 mhz phones I have work fine -LRB- see Sony below -RRB- . When the phone rings the display -LRB- Caller ID -RRB- just says
 Not very happy with the clarity of this phone . Also , very uncomfortable the way it rests on my ear and it also feels like I am talking into an echo . Taking it back to Staples tomorrow . Overpriced . Unsure of what else to buy . Just glad to dispose of it .
 I GOT THIS PHONE 6-9 MONTHS AGO , IT WORKED VERY GOOD AT FIRST , BUT NOW WHEN I TALK ON CORDLESS PHONE NOONE CAN HEAR ME , I AM REDUCED TO USING THE SPEAKER PHONE . PANASONIC 'S CUSTOMER SERVICE REALLY BITES , THEY NEED A LESSON IN CUSTOMER SERVICE 101 . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE , U CAN DO MUCH BETTER WITH YOUR HARD EARN MONEY !
 I purchased this phone in January 2003 . I had seen the poor ratings from others with the battery problem , but I had such a great experience with my earlier Panasonic phone that I foolishly overlooked the complaints.The first few weeks , the phone worked remarkably well . Now I ca n't even use this phone for 15-30 minutes without it dying . And I have to leave it on the charger 24/7 or else it dies just sitting on my desk doing nothing . And perhaps the most annoying aspect is that you wo n't even get a battery is low noise . Instead the phone simply cuts off your call.I 've had no other issues with this phone . The speaker phone is good and the keypad is fine . But the battery makes this phone a very poor purchase . So please do yourself a favor and steer clear of this phone . I 've owned some great Panasonic phones , but sadly it seems the Panasonic phone line has come on hard times since other current Panasonic phones seem to have a similar problem . I hope this helps any who are looking at this phone.EDITED MARCH 02 , 2004 , TO ADD FURTHER NOTES : I decided to try a solution offered by one of the other reviewers of this product . They replaced their poor Panasonic battery with a non-Panasonic battery and have seemingly fixed their problems.So I headed to the nearest Radio Shack to buy one of their Radio Shack brand phone batteries and thus far it 's working great . The battery I purchased was catalog number 23-270 -LRB- $ 14 and change after tax -RRB- and it 's a Radio Shack 3.6 V/1200mAh NiMH Battery . The battery itself is a little smaller than the Panasonic battery , but still works like a charm.So if you 're having a problem with the battery , replace it with a non-Panasonic battery and you should be fine . I thank the previous poster who offered up the idea originally . For whatever reason , I never thought to try an off-brand battery . I hope this helps those who ran into this problem like myself .
 I bought this phone as a Christmas present for a friend , and the feature set and design appeared to be just ` perfect ' . We did notice right away the voice quality makes it sound like he 's talking into a tunnel , but we could ignore that . He loved the ` message waiting light ' and the one-touch voice-mail key , the volume controls and so forth . However , as time goes by , the phone is more and more unreliable at connecting outgoing calls . He dials a number , and it just ` goes dead ' like a cell-phone dropping a call . He hangs up and tries again . Depending on the exchange he 's calling , it can take 3 or even 6 tries to get through . The callee 's say they heard him each time , or saw his name on their caller ID . I 've been there when it 's happened , and made sure the battery was charged , etc. . Panasonic Tech Spt was only able to review the manual with me , which was no help because the problem is that the design appears to be flawed . Others have told us they 've had the same problem with Panasonic phones . It 's really too bad , because there are so many totally cool features on this phone - but what good are they if you ca n't even make outgoing calls ?
 I have had this phone for about a year now and have found it to be unacceptable.First the range is not as good as my previous Sanyo 900MHz , also the battery life was never good -- again , the Sanyo was far superior . I now can not even finish a conversation as the battery only lasts about 15-20 minutes . Another item that has not been good is volume control , and ringer . I will probably never buy anything made by Panasonic again.My thought is that Panasonic tried to lure people into buying their phone with a wealth of great features and then used cheap components to meet their price point.I did a little research on the Web and found that the battery is a NiCad type and has only 850mAh using the supplied P-P510 , but after I searched around awhile I found that there is an optional battery
 I had a Uniden phone for over 10 years which I loved . Unfortunately lighting hit and blew out all my phone lines and phones . I spent a lot of time trying to find the right phone and thought I had . I bought this phone about 1 1/2 years ago , not only does the battery go dead quickly but I have already had to replace the battery . Then my keypad started to wear out . I do not use the phone and/or keypad excessively . I was sure it was a defect so I called Panasonic . The options they gave me were completely unacceptable . I am now shopping for a new phone and it certainly will not be a Panasonic no matter what the reviews or features are .
 The phone has great features and reception , but the battery 's need to be replaced within 3 months . I have 2 Panasonic cordless phones and this has been a problem with both phones .
 After having this box for 6 months , it shorted out causing my phone line to go dead . The phone company came and said there was no problem with the outside lines . I unplugged the box and the line immediately came back . Everytime I plugged it back in - dead line . I am now purchasing a different brand . Other than that , the product works fine except for 2 major negatives . First , I wanted a caller ID box that had an electric adaptor . I did n't want to have to constantly change batteries and have an outlet near by . It would 've even been okay if the adaptor was optional - I would 've purchased it separately . This unit only works on batteries . The product description did not mention this . There is no optional adapter and no space to insert one . Second , the product says call waiting / caller id . The call waiting / caller ID does not work . I definitely have this service on my phone line , and the feature did work on my previously installed Southwestern Bell caller ID box . Pluses
 When it works , this phone is great . But just one year later , the answering machine stop working and I have to buy a sepearate answering machine this time
 Bought this phone a year ago , worked fine for a year and then started trouble . Gets disconnected while talking , cant hear what the other person says .
 I bought Panasonic , because I thought that it was a reliable company that made good products . I chose a phone which I thought would last for at least a year , but I ended up having trouble with this one from the beginning . I contacted the company immediately to let them know that there were problems , but they refused the resolve the matter . I was so disappointed by their lack of response that I boxed up the phone up and ended up with a vtech instead.I had a lot of problems shortly after purchase with static , with the phone cutting out , and with the range from the base that I was able to walk . It got worse , and pretty soon I had to stand next to the base to talk . Of course , that defeats the purpose of a cordless phone!After many calls to the company , which only resulted in a run around , they told me to send the phone in at my expense and they would send me a refurbished phone for an additional $ 50 . I told them at this point I was so disappointed in customer service that I just wanted a refund . The refused to give me a refund , and they refused to send me a label to return the product at their expense . I had paid almost $ 100 for the phone , and they wanted me to pay MORE money for a USED phone!Having to pay $ 150 total plus double the shipping cost just to get a used phone that was `` refurbished '' was out of the question . I boxed the phone up and left it in my closet . It is still there , and I have avoided Panasonic products ever since . -LRB- I have , by the way , decided to purchase a vtech , which has never once given me problems . -RRB- I am very disappointed in the lack of customer service , the poor quality of the product , and the unwillingness of Panasonic to resolve this issue . It was a complete waste of my money , and I would not reccomend anyone buy Panasonic .
 This phone has a TERRRIBLE reception in my home.Ten feet from the base and behind a 4 inces separation wall , conversation gets chunky.Fifteen feet from the base and behind a slightly thicker wall , I ca n't hear anything at all.Suprisingly enough I gave it to a friend of mine in the same building and it works great in her home.All other features are good .
 After much research , I bought this phone for its features and for its reasonable price . Overall , it operated well in the beginning . However , within a month , our cordless phone woes began -LRB- with this phone -RRB- . During conversations , the phone would just click and click to the point where I could not hear the person on the other end of the phone and they could not hear me . This began to happen more and more during a phone conversation . I called Panasonic for assistance and customer no-service told me to send it to them -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and they would see what they could do and call me with a repair estimate . This , after holding for MORE than 20 minutes . The phone was only a month old and I did not want to have to go buy another phone just to replace the one I had just purchased while it was in the shop so I took it back and got a new one -LRB- the same kind -RRB- . The new phone did the exact same thing . As an added bonus , the phone would not hold a charge . I took it back to get the 2.4 version of this phone only to have the same problems plus even less time to a charge . For example , the phone would be completely charged prior to a 10 minute conversation and completely out of charge after the conversation . I also charge my phone completely on the first charge in order to set the battery memory correctly . The phone is just technical unsound.I took this phone back and got a Vtech . So far , so good . But , we are only on the first month .
 I have had this phone 4 weeks and the battery is now not holding a charge past one bar . Turn on the cordless phone to make a call and the battery konks out completely . This follows similar problems other reviewers have experienced . Still , Panasonic wants the consumer to purchase a new battery at their expense for a product that should be under warranty and is obviuosly sub par from comparative reviews . ...
 Features wise this phone is OK , but it broke within one year after purchase day.The volume in the headset became so low , that you can only hear it in the very quite room , even on the loudest mode.The phone shuts itself down every one or two week and you have to unplug it from the power outlet for about 10 min and then plug it back , so it 's start working again.The speakerphone microphone is not sensitive enough , you can only use it within 2 feet from the base , otherwise other party will not hear you.The buttons on the headset very hard and sometime is impossible to press.My friend also bought Panasonic phone -LRB- different model -RRB- , guess what , it broke within one year too.I have Panasonic TV , DVD player and microwave oven and they work just fine for a few years now . Based on my personal experience and also reading other people reviews , I think Panasonic has a very big reliability problem with their phones and they should address this issue ASAP .
 outgoing message on answering machine always faint , static and a little garbled ; ca n't erase messages remotely so while away the machine fills up-even if you check it ; after a couple of years the speaker stopped working , could only here messages when I checked remotely through the handset .
 Disappointing . This phone loses the signal from the base frequently , with up to 5 second periods where you can not hear the person you are speaking with , and they can not hear you . It gets worse the further you get from the base , but even from across the room -LRB- 15 ft. -RRB- it regularly loses the signal .
 The handset sound quality is excellent and the caller ID works fine . The answering machine sound quality is marginal and it is quite difficult at times to hear exactly what the message says . The worst part , however , is that it has broken twice in less than a year . Very poor reliability .
 what a horrid phone ! -LRB- I bought two of these for home and office use -RRB- In less than a year you could not even use the keypad for dialing as they totally quit working .
 We had a problem where this phone 's battery had to be recharged constantly . Finally , we replaced the battery . Then , it worked briefly before the problem reoccurred . Then , it died completely . We havent had it very long .
 i got this phone last week and i 'm returning it today ... basically everyone on the other line kept asking if we were calling from a cell phone ... not a ringing endorsement!this is the first product i 've ever returned so i am not a chronic complainer . however , this is the second consecutive panasonic phone i 've hated and there wo n't be a third.looks like i 'll pay up and get a better phone by another manufacturer ... i 'm off to the search function ...
 As a Panasonic product fan , this phone is not one of their better products . It has great phone features at a reasonable price but poor sound quality for people on the other end of this phone . People you speak to from the handset say you sound like you are calling from inside a box or `` phone booth '' .
 I bought this phone about 6 months ago swayed by the positive reviews and the features on this phone . Just a month after purchase , this phone has developed many problems . The main one being that when I make phone calls , the people I am talking to always complain that they can not hear me . I have to speak very very loudly for the other party to hear me . Additionally , if the TV or music is on , it creates a lot of echo on the headset so that it becomes impossible to hear the other party . I do not know if I just got a bad unit , but I am not too happy with this purchase .
 As others have noted , this product has a nice feature set and reasonable to good voice clarity , esp . on the speakerphone . In fact , I liked it so much that I bought the version without the answering device to use as a wall mount phone in our kitchen.The problem we had was when the handset became unable to link to the base . Since operating the phone relies so heavily on using the handset -LRB- to pickup caller ID records , set the time , etc. -RRB- it 's not really functional in this state.I 'm now shopping for an separate answering machine . I 've come to the conclusion that it may not be the best idea to combine the answering machine with the phone itself - a failure means replacing everything . I 'm really disappointed that the Panasonic failed in so short a period - while it worked it was actually pretty good . While I could return it for repairs , I do n't really want to be without an answering machine for the month or two that would take .
 I would not recommend at all . Had the phone three months and does n't work properly . I called Panasonic and can not get a new model they will only send me a recondition model , but you have to send your phone to them first . NOT WORTH THE MONEY !
 I thought this phone was great when I first got it , but just a few months later I am now learning that the battery is terrible . Even if I do not use the phone all day , If I leave it off the base over night it is dead in the morning . I can not believe how bad this battery is . All the other features of the phone seem nice . It is a shame .
 I always had clicks and drop outs with this phone since day one . Now that i have my phone over the cable this cordless has only gotten worse . If your not standing 2 feet from it your caller will not hear you . If I had a choice I would go back and buy a AT&T phone . Never had a problem in the 8 years that I used it ... I recommend that you do not purchase this product .
 The problems started when the battery would n't fully charge . I charged it overnight to it 's full capacity , but the battery ready never grew past `` one bar '' . Obviously , the phone was brand new , so there was no problem with the charge connection , and the `` charge '' light was on , indicating it was receiving power . However , after three days , the phone never charged to capacity . So I called Panasonic , and they told me to clean the receptors . Keep in mind , the phone is brand new , so there would be no need to clean the receptors . Then customer service told me that there was probably a defect in the battery . They then instructed me to go out and buy an extra battery . I could n't believe it . The phone was brand new ! It 's their responsibility to replace defective parts . I 'm done with Panasonic .
 This phone is not worth the bother . My sister and I both have one and have the same problems . The phone disconnects accidentally while you are talking , and the battery has a short life - needs to be recharged every few hours .
 for over a year this phone has been fine , none of the problems i have read in other reviews . i am having a problem with the caller ID window.it has become imposible to read . then one day it started working again , and now it 's not . anybody have any solutions ?
 The handset only worked for 3 weeks . I sent it to repair.It failed again . Now that the waranty is expired , I haveto throw it away .
 We had this phone for a year and used it a LOT . At first it had great distance and clarity , but it soon got worse and worse and the battery life got shorter and shorter . We both work from home and need a clear line , so had to buy a different phone to keep working . For what we paid for this phone , we expected a lot better durability . Also , I agree with the other reviews that complain about the number of `` keystrokes '' you have to go through to redial or dial a number in memory . Very cumbersome . I believe there are much better models out there for less money .
 When we first got this phone , it was wonderful ! It worked fine - had great range , great sound etc. . However , after the first month or so - it started having problems . It would say `` out of range '' even though you were standing right next to the base . Customer service gave some tips but these did n't really work . Ended up returning and getting a replacement -LRB- it was still under warranty -RRB- . The new phone does the exact same thing . Now , the phone does not work at all . Several friends that have the same phone have also experienced this problem and others . I would not recommend this phone .
 The phone hasbeen a gem up until now . It is now 9 months old and the battery has gone bad . The big problem is I ca n't find one anywhere . The manufacturer is back ordered 6 to 8 weeks . Now the phone is useless !!!!!! Buyer beware . I 'm going to buy a Sony . Maybe I 'll have better luck ???????
 My only complaint is that the battery life is very short . We even replaced the battery . The new battery was strong for one day & then reverted to the incredibally short life of the first battery.This is my second Panasonic 2.4 gig phone & both phones had the same problem . The battery life problems started after the return period . I did n't look into warranty repairs as I hobbled along on the week battery of both phones & made sure to charge at all times except when in use.When straight out of the cradle I can have as long as one single 1-hour phone call - but with any additional calls , the battery drops the call . It can barely sit out of the charger for one evening -LRB- after work & until bed -RRB- It absolutely can not sit out over night .
 Within six months of purchase the # 4 button failed . The 4 was followed by the seven , the seven followed by the 1 . I purchased the phone for my home office . The speakerphone has always been difficult to hear as is the receiver . The programming options are neat ... not worth the cost.Review based on performance of Panasonic model
 Like several other reviewers , I had severe problems with my phone shortly after purchasing it . Most severely , my phone became incapable of recognizing the base unit , despite my repeated attempts to reprogram the handset to fix the problem . On top of this , I returned the phone I originally purchased and had exactly the same problem with its replacement . I wound up buying another phone to be rid of the problem .
 The absolute worst friggin ' phone I have ever purchased . I had a Motorola cordless flip phone for about 6 years , and this piece of garbage lasted about 8 months . The paint started flaking off after about 2 months of usage , and ceased working just last weekend . Will never buy another Panasonic product again . If they ca n't get a simple phone right ... just imaging a home theater system !
 I was looking for a phone with an answering machine , caller ID , good design , and clear reception/transmission . This phone does look cool when you buy it , but soon the color disappears and it does get ugly -LRB- to its true look -RRB- . Answering Machine is good , but do not forget you are purchasing one of the most expensive phones in the market on its class -LRB- Siemens is way better -RRB- . Caller ID never fails -LRB- yeahhhh -RRB- . Reception is usually good , but I had complains from people who could not hearing me very well . Buttons do not work all the time . Oh I almost forgot.Operating the phone is not convinient at all , for a simple redial you need to touch three buttons . For most of the people that owned this phone for more than 6 months I descriebed their phone . For you who want to spend that money on this cool looking phone , better think twice . Personally I will never bye anything from Panasonic for the rest of my life . -LRB- I really mean it -RRB-
 The unit must be plugged in to work . The unit looked old even though it worked fine . It was yellow and not white . Amazon would not allow the first review I wrote to be published so I am writing this review . I think the word I used to describe the looks of this offended somebody -LRB- and it was n't a swear -RRB- . So much for freedom of speech .
 This phone appeared to have everything I was looking for
 As a long-time happy owner of numerous Panasonic corded and cordless phones over the years , I purchased this 2-line corded phone as a backup in the event of a power failure -LRB- when my Siemens 2-line cordless system would n't work -RRB- . Well , imagine my surprise when I unpacked it and read the manual only to discover the phone does NOT work when you lose power ! This is COMPLETEY unacceptable for a corded phone -- my older single-line Panasonic corded phones use AA batteries instead of the 9V power adapter on this model.The manual claims that in the event of a power failure you can only use line1 . This is NOT true . I could not get a dialtone from either line without plugging in the power adapter.I consider this a fatal flaw . Thankfully I was able to return it for a refund . It 's a shame , because there are n't many choices in 2-line corded phones .
 No mute button ? Is n't that illegal ? How about having to drill down menu after menu to just to turn off the ringer ? Otherwise the phone works great and sounds great . But these are biggies to me .
 I have to agree with everyone . Two lines are very nice , but the lack of a mute button makes this phone unusable for conference calls . Unfortunately , I am going to have to replace it with another phone that has two lines and a mute button . Fatal design flaw . Lack of a lighted `` message waiting indicator light '' is also a big drawback , but there is a faint message waiting indicator on the LCD .
 Here is why it is junk . 1 . creates a buzz on the line 2 . Not enough room in back of phone for the cord if you wall mount 3 . The LCD is pathetic . Ca n't see it in a normally lit room . THis should be back lit , and numbers should be bigger . 4 . All in all , a real dissappointment and it is going back .
 I have two of these phones . One was a gift , I never would have bought two.The sound quality is acceptable at times . At other times it gets a very hollow sound with an echo.It consistantly picks up conversations from other cordless phones , which may mean that other cordless phones are picking up conversations from these phones.Do your research before buying this phone . There are higher quality and more secure forms of communication than this phone , including , but not limited to , semaphore and smoke signals .
 I have bought so many brand new handsets and brand desk sets of this model for my store . It is so bad and does not work properly . it is interfered by neon light in the building . I end up have a bout 6 handset and 2 bases and 2 desk set . i have no idea what to do with it . Please think twice if you have to buy the cordless multiple line for your business .
 we have had this system for a year . We to have one with static and one that says move closer to base and it sits next to base . Very disappointed in the hand sets .
 I purchsed this phone a two hand sets . Out of the box one of the hand sets was bad . I had it replaced ... it worked ok for about two weeks then begin to fail again . The reception is awful and it fails all the time . If you go to answer the phone which you can hear ringing in the other office just 30 feet away and your hand set wont register the call . The problem with this system is that apparently you can not use it around walls or electronics . . . hold on , wait a minute . . you ca n't use it around electronics ... is n't this supposed to be an `` office '' phone?Thats right the owner 's manual says not to use it in rooms with a lot of walls or around other electronics . I dont know about the rest of you but in my office there are walls between offices and there are lots of electronic devices that must be used . . like computers , faxes , plotters , printers , radios , etc. . . This information was not on the outside of the box or any printed materials in any available description here at Amazon . Its false advertising by Panasonic to say this is a viable Office phone . I even went to the local office store and bought another one to see if it was the same . IT WAS . . THE EXACT SAME PROBLEMS HAPPENED AGAIN . So I returned the hole system to Panasonic and asked for a refund ... they sent me a reconditioned phone ... guess what , its still exactly the same ... IT DOESNT WORK!DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE UNLESS YOU LIE RUNNING TO THE BASE SET TO GET YOUR CALLS .
 I have had this system for more than two years . Overall it is good -LRB- much better range and voice quality than a 2-line Siemens Giga set I have at home -RRB- . It lacks some features , but compared to what is available in this price range it is a good package.Beware that the number one on the handset 's keypad seems to stop working not long after warranty expires . It has happened on all four of my handsets , and it is happening again on one of the refurbished replacements -LRB- only 90 days warranty -RRB- for which Panasonic charges about $ 80 -LRB- if you ship your broken one to them -RRB- . Others here have noted the same problem . I like Panasonic phones , but this quality issue would stop me from buying this system again .
 Our office has had this system for two weeks . One handset has already gone bad and another keeps giving a message to move closer to the base unit . Funny thing is , you can be within a foot of the base unit and no reception . We are going to try the Motorola MD681 for half the price of the Panasonic . I 'll Let you know about that later .
 Panasonic customer service makes this system not worth the trouble . Using extension handset with a headset , makes handset eventually think that a headset is connected even when it is not . Panasonic says that I am the only person this happened to -LRB- happened to four different handsets -RRB- . If you need 2 handsets , you better buy 4 . If you like this unit - Buy mine ! I always bought Panasonic phones , will never buy Panasonic anything !
 I have purchased TWO Panasonic 4 line phone systems for my business . One was for our office in NY and one for our office in IL . I bought both systems through the Hello Direct website.The # 1 that you press on the hand set does not work . It is defective on ALL of our 6 hand sets that we own . This means we CAN NOT use the phone to dial out on long distance calls that need the use of the one.We had bought and used the first system and then bought another system before we began the issues of the # 1 not working . The first system in NY was the one to experience this problem , at first.I proceeded to call the Panasonic GA office and they also would not deal with the issue.At this point , now BOTH systems are incapable of being used . All we can do is just dial from the base and then pick up the line on the handset.Today , we called cusomer service and spoke to Chris Cabutaje , a supervisor , and he told us there was nothing he could do . He even admitted there was a problem with this phone but still did nothing.I think this is an outrage that a company this big can not stand behind its product .
 We have used this system in a business for almost two years . Nearly every handset we have purchased is defective out of the box or shortly thereafter . The major problem is poor sound -- you can hardly hear the caller . With other units , the caller ca n't hear you . Out of the five handsets we 're currently using -LRB- all out of warranty -RRB- one is good , three are so-so , and one is very bad . We 're hoping to find an alternative , but need at least three lines .
 Panasonic boasts their `` Digital Voice Mail '' system but BEWARE . Here are a few basic business scenarios that the Panasonic phone ca n't handle . Your main number is on line 1 . You 've set up the automated attendant to answer the phone and direct calls to the right extension . A client calls line 1 while someone is already on line 1 . THEY WILL GET A BUSY SIGNAL . The phone 's `` Digital Voice Mail '' system does n't work . The only solution , according to Panasonic is to purchase `` roll-over '' through your telephone company and set it to roll-over to one of your other phone lines . So what if you 're a busy company and those 2 lines stay busy ? Your client will keep bouncing back and forth between the main line and the roll-over line until the line becomes free . There is no way for them to leave a `` Digital Voice Mail '' . Also , if any of the four lines are direct dial -LRB- they do n't go through the attendant -RRB- your client will get a busy signal when they call your line if you are one it , even when you have the answering system on for your line . The only fix Panasonic had was to purchase voice mail through the telephone company . So now you have to check TWO voice mails - one on the phone 's `` Digital Voice Mail '' system and the other through the phone company . If you are a small business do not purchase this phone .
 I purchased the Panasonic KX-TG4000B 4-line cordless phone . What I should have done was researched reviews . The phone sucks . You can barely get a reception . Even when you are standing next to the base the handheld constantly says `` no link to base '' and when it does attain a link to the base it is a noise with a scratch drum in the background that does n't let you listen well . What a piece of crap for $ 500.00 . Then what is even worst , Panasonic does n't really care . When you call it takes about 18 minutes to get a customer service rep , and then they tell you that you either have to mail it in to the company or bring to an authorized repair center . And when I drove for an hour to bring it to the nearest repair center , they told me they DO N'T REPAIR these units that they have to be sent to the factory . And Panasonic 's customer service department really does n't care what happens . They do n't want to assist you . Now , I use this phone for business purposes and having no phone phone was a horrible hardship having to use my cell phone . DO N'T PURCHSE THE UNIT . MANY OTHER CONSUMERS WHO HAVE PURCHASED IT HAVE COMPLAINED ABOUT THE SAME THING . ONE CONSUMER PURCHASED ABOUT 8 OF THEM BEFORE GETTING RID OF IT . THEY ALL HAD THE SAME PROBLEM . AND WHAT IS WORSE , PANASONIC IS NOT CONSUMER FRIENDLY EITHER .
 Speakerphone is terrible ... no one can hear me clearly ... I always have to pick up the handset .
 In addition to all of what had been written on this telephone , Here comes the following : - The back lit is too weak to display a thing . Also gives u the feeling of poorness . - Very loud noise is heard from the wireless handset - The response of this telephone is slow -LRB- check the redial speed -RRB- - Surprise
 I am waiting for 2 weeks for this phone and still has not been shipped = - what 's the matter with this company ? So I really can not rate the product .
 I spent $ 140 on a Panasonic phone . The store I bought it from had a 3 month return policy ... the problems with my phone started 3 months and 11 days after purchase . Panasonic are absolutely not there in support - their solution is to send the phone back to them for repair or they will send me a refurb -LRB- at my expense ... thanks a lot -RRB- . Meanwhile - my solution - BUY A NEW PHONE until they get around to returning mine to me ! Great ! Thanks ! Never again ...
 The cordless handsets work well for about 6 months - then battery issues -LRB- I think -RRB- turn the cordless handsets into crap - really - ununsable - static , garbled voice transmission , etc. . Also , the number `` 1 '' button seems to fail within the first year on almost all handsets.Also , the base unit has no mute button on speakerphone . All-in-all , I would never buy this system again - and unfortunately , I 'm stuck with it now that I have about $ 1,000 invested all-in-all - it 's hard to toss it . I actually only use the base unit for business calls , because the quality is just so bad on the cordless handsets .
 I bought this system about 16 months ago and thought it was great . But after about 6 months one of the remotes would not hold charge for very long and then the sound quality went down . It was replaced under waranty . Now that the waranty is up we are down to one out of five phones working . Replacing battery does nothing to help . They first start to not hold charge and then with in four weeks the sound is so bad they are usless.After spending -LSB- alot of money -RSB- the response from Panasonic was - `` we can sell you replacement extensions . `` I now skip right past anything with the Panasonic name on it .
 I purchased this phone for my home office . I liked the ability to have access to all the lines -LRB- including my fax line -RRB- on one system . This system has excellent functionality based upon the attendant and call routing . It also has better range in our 4,500 sf house than the Siemens 2420 system , which only is only a two line phone -LRB- more later -RRB- . This system has large programmable memory locations , intuitive interfaces on the extensions as well as the base station.HOWEVER , the primary purpose for acquiring this phone was to use the base station as my primary office phone with the capability to roam throughout our three story house . As a base station , this system is severely lacking . Although the speaker phone is great , it has NO MUTE ! If you participate in conference calls , you need a headset with a mute switch to have an offline discussion or even sneeze . Also , using two friends as guinea pigs , the sound quality was pitiful on two different units of this same model thinking it was a fluke . According to my unscientific testing , the sound quality of the cordless handsets was poor as well . Finally , the handsets are huge . While the antenna makes the range a little better , it is a large unit that makes me feel like I have a Motorola Brick phone next to my head . Ergonomics are not Panasonic 's strong suit , but the lit keypad is nice for using in the dark -LRB- although I prefer doing other things than dialing someone while in the dark -RRB- . I tried these units in direct comparison to the Siemens 2420 . I 've never been a VTech fan and did n't even consider them . The Brother was too cumbersome so I excluded it too . So , based upon my personal , and time consuming , experiences , I chose the Siemens because it had better sound and , of all things , a mute button for the base . The range of the Siemens compared to the Panasonic may not be great and I had to replace the NiMH with Li batteries , but taken as a whole I liked the Siemens better.If Panasonic had put a mute button on the base of this system , I would have kept it in spite of the sound differences . Funny how one litte feature made my decision .
 Battery life rated at 8 hours talk time on Panasonic web site but believe me , it 's closer to 2 hours . We 've had to switch handsets in mid conversation more times than we should . Also , when talking on the phone , incoming calls are not put into voice mail automatically , they are ignored . Such an obvious feature overlooked -LRB- if it is possible , we ca n't find it explained anywhere in the manual -RRB- . Also , when listening to messages , you can not save the message on the base unit , you have to transfer it to a handset/mailbox or lose it . Best feature is that you only need one phone jack for 8 handsets , you can put the handsets anywhere you want -LRB- near an electrical outlet -RRB- . Handsets not very comfortable for long conversations . Overall , we wished we 'd waited for shortcomings to be worked out . Lots of reasons to buy , these are some reasons to wait or look elsewhere .
 I purchased the Panasonic KX-TG4000B as a replacement for my old Siemens Gigaset 2420 . I 'm really disappointed with the Panasonic KX-TG4000B , and I 'm considering trashing it and returning to my old Siemens Gigaset 2420 . The Panasonic KX-TG4000B has some critical flaws : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- the sound quality is not great - just as BAD as the Siemens ; -LRB- 2 . -RRB- there is NO mute - no mute on the speakerphone - and no mute on the cordless handsets ; -LRB- 3 . -RRB- only one handset per line -LRB- I 'll explain details later -RRB- ; and -LRB- 4 . -RRB- cordless handsets can not be assigned `` names '' -LRB- like `` kitchen '' or `` master bathroom '' -RRB- -- the handsets only have pre-assigned numbers.The problem with the `` one handset per line '' is basically that you CAN NOT join a conversation ... you get `` line busy '' . For example , if the base unit has a call going on line # 1 , and you try to join that call from one of the cordless handsets , then you get a `` line busy '' error message and a busy signal . So , if someone else in the house in on the phone with Gramma , and asks you to `` pick-up the phone '' , ... basically , ... YOU CA N'T . You try to join Line # 1 , and you get a busy signal . The only way to get another cordless handset to join the call is for the current caller to `` conference '' the an additional handset onto the call . And , that 's difficult because you can not assign a `` name '' to the handsets -LRB- like `` kitchen '' or `` master bathroom '' -RRB- -- the handsets only have NUMBERS!If preventing you from joining a call in progress is some kind of `` security '' feature -LRB- e.g. , might be appropriate for an office setting -RRB- , then they ought to have some kind of configuration option that will let you turn it OFF -LRB- especially in a home setting -RRB- . A minor annoying aesthetic is the base station number keypad that you use to dial the phone -- the number buttons are BIG and GOOFY looking , not professional , not backlit . The cordless handsets have nice transparent number buttons with a backlight . Panasonic should have used the same number keypad on the base unit.The inability to join a conversation -LRB- because you get a busy signal when trying to join a line with a call in progress -RRB- , combined with the lack of a MUTE capability -LRB- neither on the base unit nor the cordless handsets -RRB- , the inability to assign names to handsets , and the poor sound quality make this a disappointing phone with a very large price tag.So , my question for other shoppers is
 I am planning to return my system today -LRB- base station and 3 wireless including one desk wireless -RRB- . Like an earlier reviewer I had planned on this being my primary office phone and I like the idea of having access to my fax line . We have 2 primary offices in our home and so my first serious problem was that the desk top unit did not make a good ofice telephone . Access to all email was impossible by design . There was no way to change which phone number appeared on which line.Also , and maybe this is only me , I wanted a general mail box for each line-much simpler for callers not to have to press any other buttons . Not possible as near as I can tell.Same with caller ID . You can not go back and see which line a call came in on . If you think about the features on a PCS phone you soom see what is missing.The ring sounds are nasty and there is no simple ring . There are only 2 ring volume levels plus off.I found the buttons and display too large and not professional looking.There was occasional interference with a regular telephone.The base station battery is Nicad and it has never charged ! Worse it is a very poor location for a NiCad which has a charge cycle that requires full discharge and for a back-up system this is not good.At the CES shouw the Panasonic rep told me there would not be a new version for a year . Too bad.Also , I would like a computer interface -LRB- USB -RRB- or whatever , so I could more easily make alterations to the setup.Bottom line
 purchased the base unit -LRB- which includes one handset -RRB- and two additional handsets . They worked okay for about a month or so , then the handset started inexplicably dying . Sometimes the screen went totally blank and you would lose the call or could n't dial . Othertimes the screen said that I was too far away from the base -LRB- even when I was literally right next to the base -RRB- . So I called customer service and they said that it sounded like I needed a new battery -LRB- after a MONTH ! -RRB- . I actually read the directions before using the phone and I was n't even putting the phones on the bases to recharge after every call so that the NI CD batteries would n't develop a memory -LRB- they do n't use the better Lithium Ion batteries that do not develop a memory -RRB- . So this made no sense . Anyway , I went ahead and bought the batteries -LRB- for all three handsets -RRB- and that did n't solve the problem at all . I then went ahead and purchased another handset . Again , no problems for a month and then the same issue . Customer service issued remanufactured phones -LRB- 4 handsets -RRB- and in about a month to 8 weeks all were exactly the same.I know I was n't doing anything wrong to cause this . I began searching the Internet and low and behold I am not alone . Apparently a law firm in New Jersey has already filed a class action law suit against Panasonic for the entire KX-TG and KX-TC cordless phone lines . Search `` panasonic cordless phone class action '' on google . It will be the first hit . As an attorney myself -LRB- not in any way affiliated with or even previously aware of the firm that has filed the suit -RRB- , I can tell you it takes a lot of consumer complaints before a law firm decides to invest its resources in a class action suit as they are very expensive and time consuming.So , I 've learned my lesson the hard way -LRB- although there was n't anything I could 've done differently at the time of purchase -RRB- . Hopefully , my experience and research into this can prevent you from having to deal with it in the future . Panasonic was unjustly enriched in distributing such a defective product and not having the corporate decency to at least recall it and replace it with a functioning line or refunding our hard earned dollars . Very disappointing and I certainly will not be purchasing the Panasonic brand again .
 We use this product where I work . We have 7 Cordless phones and 1 base . All of the phones have a lot of static in them now . We have trouble with customers being able to hear us and visa versa . Also on all of the cordless phones the 1 's are no longer working ! The 2 on three of the phones is starting to go . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AT ALL !
 We replaced an older Panasonic 4 line system with this one because the no longer provided the older handsets . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY . This new phone has so many annoying features I am junking it after only 6 months . It does not provide enough power to a headsey for my customers to hear me and I can not turn it up enough . While talking on the phone , if any of the other 3 lines ring both my voice and the person speaking to me cuts out momentarily and whatever is being said has to be repeated . On busy days this happens between 50 and 100 times . Talk about annoying . About three times a week if you are talking to someone and the phone rings on another line , for no apparent reason the phone flips over to `` HOLD '' and your conversation goes dead . It takes a bit before you realize what happened and you then have to scramble to get back on and ask the customer to start over because you missed what he was saying . If another handset places a call on hold instead of being able to just pick it up by pressing the line button you have to press another button just to get to the line buttons and then press and hold down the line button until the phone connects . PEOPLE , this should be a great small business phone but it just turns out to be junk . I spent over $ 2,000.00 for this with multiple handsets . I am shopping for a new one now and will pay whatever I must to get one that actually works well . When I called Panasonic technical support they were of no help what so ever . GOODBYE TO PANASONIC . IF you market things like this my 20 years of buying your products are over .
 We bought this phone for our small office . The base is fantastic but we had to replace one handset right out of the box . Sound quality on the handsets is HORRIBLE . You can barely hear people and people have said they ca n't hear us . Save your money !! Buy something else !!!
 DO NOT BUY ! As soon as you change the battery all hand sets stop functioning properly.Panasonic dose n't take any responsebility for this bad product . It should be recalled !!
 This phone is disappointing at best . I sent it back within a week . Say you do n't want to use the automated attendent because you have a voice mail system set-up already . You are on a conf call and want to put the phone on do not disturb so the callers on the line with you do n't hear the other line ring . There is no Do Not Disturb button - are you kidding me ! Then you are on a conf call and want to work in the background or talk to someone in your office while listening in on the call and find there is no mute button . Do n't buy this phone . Even if you did want to use the automated attendent it 's a pain to set-up . I also could not get the first line to ring but the other lines did and were set-up the same way . There are not many alternatives for four line phones with cordless handsets but this phone will frustrate the heck out of you and it is not cheap $ 400 + .
 I have the KX-TG2000B which is the same exact phone except it only supports 2 incoming phone lines . - The bottom line is , 90 % of us purchased this phone for the `` auto-attendant '' feature . Unfortunately , Panasonic skimped on everything in this area . The auto-attendant functionality is basic , bare-bones , and completely unconfigurable.The only thing you can change is the general greeting message and the mailbox messages . YOU CA N'T set your own extention numbers , define how many rings to allow before picking up , set to go to mail box automatically if there 's no answer , etc , etc , etc.If all you really need is a multi-line phone with answering machine , look elsewhere , there are far better phones for 1/3 the price . If you need the auto-attendant functionality , this is unfortunatly the only phone available short of purchasing a more expensive PBX system . If you want an idea of how limited this system is
 I purchased this phone and it has been a headache ever since I got it charged up . It has horrible static and clicks when in use . Those that I am talking with complain that they can not understand me because it constantly cuts out . I have sent it back to the customer service to get it fixed , but who know what will happen with it . I 'd recommend passing up this phone and going with a different one . Saving the lower price for a two line phone was n't worth it .
 This is my third Panasonic 900Mhz cordless phone and I have to say that I am sorely disappointed in it . I purchased this phone about 4 months ago . It seemed to have all the features I wanted in a phone ; Two lines so I could answer both my home and office numbers , speakerphone in the hand unit for those times I have to call my DSL provider for support and get put on hold for a 1/2 hour ... That stuff is real cool , except the phone itself is useless.If I go further than 5 feet from the base station , the unit will emit loud pops and clicks . People are constantly asking my to speak up because they ca n't hear me . It is the most frustrating thing on earth to try speaking with someone while the phone is popping clicking and they can barely hear you.I returned the phone in exchange for a new unit - I figured I may have received a bad one and it was past the 14 days I had for a full refund . The new unit had the same problem . I thought that maybe my other cordless phones were causing interference , so I unplugged all of them and even turned off all of my computer equipment - everything remotely electrical in the house had been turned off - even my cell phone . The KXTC1723 STILL has the same problem !!! My other two Panasonic 900Mhz cordless phones are outstanding performers . I have had them for a few years now . I am very severely disappointed in the KXTC1723 model phone and will never purchase another Panasonic item again -LRB- so much for that HDTV I had my eye on -RRB- . This phone finally pushed me over the edge : I was on a call earlier this morning with my mortgage agent and again had to play the repeat-myself game over the pops and clicks -LRB- as if refinancing is n't stressful enough -RRB- . Mid sentence , I just could not take it anymore . I snapped off the antenna and threw the phone against the wall hard enough to send the battery into low-earth-orbit . I then courteously escorted the KXTC1723 unit to the garage where I introduced it to the business end of my Stanley 20oz Claw Hammer.Problem Solved .
 This is my third Panasonic 900Mhz cordless phone and I have to say that I am sorely disappointed in it . I purchased this phone about 4 months ago . It seemed to have all the features I wanted in a phone ; Two lines so I could answer both my home and office numbers , speakerphone in the hand unit for those times I have to call my DSL provider for support and get put on hold for a 1/2 hour ... That stuff is real cool , except the phone itself is useless.If I go further than 5 feet from the base station , the unit will emit loud pops and clicks . People are constantly asking my to speak up because they ca n't hear me . It is the most frustrating thing on earth to try speaking with someone while the phone is popping clicking and they can barely hear you.I returned the phone in exchange for a new unit - I figured I may have received a bad one and it was past the 14 days I had for a full refund . The new unit had the same problem . I thought that maybe my other cordless phones were causing interference , so I unplugged all of them and even turned off all of my computer equipment - everything remotely electrical in the house had been turned off - even my cell phone . The KXTC1723 STILL has the same problem !!! My other two Panasonic 900Mhz cordless phones are outstanding performers . I have had them for a few years now . I am very severely disappointed in the KXTC1723 model phone and will never purchase another Panasonic item again -LRB- so much for that HDTV I had my eye on -RRB- . This phone finally pushed me over the edge : I was on a call earlier this morning with my mortgage agent and again had to play the repeat-myself game over the pops and clicks -LRB- as if refinancing is n't stressful enough -RRB- . Mid sentence , I just could not take it anymore . I snapped off the antenna and threw the phone against the wall hard enough to send the battery into low-earth-orbit . I then courteously escorted the KXTC1723 unit to the garage where I introduced it to the business end of my Stanley 20oz Claw Hammer.Problem Solved .
 At first glance , I thought this product would be the perfect choice for my coupon binder . Once I got it all assembled , however , it proved to be no help at all . The tabs do n't stick out far enough to be seen on the edges . Also , the tabs themselves tend to get `` hung up '' on the pages next to them . I was very disappointed with this product and ended up having to throw it away .
 These look good in the package but are ultimately victims of style over substance . Because of the curved edges , there 's very little room in the tab area that peeks out from the side to type anything .
 The labels do n't fit the tabs nicely and the template does n't align them quite right . You also ca n't read the labels from the back . These are pretty but the problems with the labels make the creatively rounded edges more of a hassle than they are worth - stick with the more traditional rectangle-label model instead .
 Rtyuioj fg g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g. Nhbhgg hub hub hi
 Not only do the handsets fail but the base unit also acted up so bad that I had to replace it in a years time which should n't happen when you pay over $ 500 for a phone ! All cordless phones would break up and I finally narrowed it down to the spot where the power adapter plugged in . I would have to push in and hold until someone told me the call stopped breaking up . We have had to replace every one of the original 5 phones in the first year , some more then once when they were bad right out of the box . Now I 'm having trouble just finding replacement handsets . If it was n't for the problems I would be extremely happy with the system and it 's features .
 My handset started having problems after one month . I did n't understand why people I 'd call would always say `` I ca n't hear you '' . Very poor quality item .
 I bought this phone through Amazon -LRB- 4 lines system -RRB- for 2 years . -LRB- warranty is 1 year -RRB- after 1st year , the wireless handsets start to have a loud noise . I tried to call Panasonic customer service , no one answer the call . I left a message , no one call back . I tried the internet , and sent out tons of emails , no one answer.DO NOT buy this product !!
 After multiple positive experiences with Panasonic phones , I purchased a KTXGA400 system with four handsets . I have NEVER been this disappointed with Panasonic and ca n't imagine purchasing another phone system from them again . At this time -LRB- the system is 3 years old -RRB- , only 1 of the 4 handsets can dial out without difficulty . The keypads simply fail.A very poor purchase decission on my part .
 These phones have a manufacturing/engineering/production defect that results in the number 1 on the keypad failing within a year or so -LRB- usually on day 366 of ownership ! -RRB- . Out of 5 phones purchased , 4 of ours have had the number 1 fail . 2 other companies we deal with who have these phones have also had to replace their handsets because of this problem . Reviews all over the internet report this problem . Panasonic so far has done nothing to remedy the situation , although I am sure that they are aware by now that these are defective . Do n't buy them .
 After spending hundreds of dollars on this phone system , I 'm in the market again . What a waste of time and money .
 The number 1 on the keypad stops working . And it does so right after the warranty expires . I have 4 handsets , had to replace 2 -LRB- about $ 80 each after warranty -RRB- , now I need to replace the other two , plus one of the replacements started doing the same -LRB- after the 90 days warranty . Otherwise -LRB- when it works -RRB- a decent system , way better sound and range than Siemens . Draw your own conclusions .
 Worked for a month , then died . Doing a replacement under warranty now .
 DO NOT BUY !!! WHEN YOU PAY TOP $ FOR A PRODUCT , YOU DO N'T EXPECT GARBAGE . # 1 STOP WORKING AFTER 2 YEARS.AS SOON AS YOU REPLACE A BATTERY THE PHONE STOPS TO FUNCTION.BAD , BAD SERVICE.A DEFCTIVE PRODUCT . A CLASS ACTION SUIT IS NEEDED .
 If you read through the posts here you will find that the # 1 key on these handsets fail . You will also learn that many customers have contacted Panasonic by Phone , email , even regular mail to the Corporate office . Panasonic 's response is the same , After the warranty , tough luck SUCKERS ! . How can a company like this not stand behind a faulty product . I 've replaced the handsets once already because of the # 1 key not working anymore and now the replacements , BRAND new handsets purchased just 12 months ago have also stopped dialing the # 1 key.Panasonic is aware of the problem , but they do n't care , in fact they know that you spent enough money on the system to be able to milk you for the cost of the replacement handsets . It 's good money for them . Way to Go Panasonic , way to screw average Joe Consumer . UNREAL . I 'm never buying anything Panasonic again and I 'm so mad right now that I 'm going to make it my purpose in life to tell everyone how bad you guys suck with regards to customer satisfaction and standing behind your products . HUGE MISTAKE . HUGE !
 We have 7 handset units in total in my business . The # 1 key stopped working after about 2 years on three -LRB- 3 -RRB- of them so far , which renderes the phone pretty much useless!Customer service is awful , they wo n't do anything , because the phones are beyond their 1 year warranty!Beware of this product and other Panasonic phones!I have a similar phone system from Panasonic at home , where not only key 1 stopped working , but almost all number keys ; I had to replace it ...
 This phone system works great at first but soon enough , the # 1 key stops working , as mentioned elsewhere in these reviews . Repair is expensive -LRB- almost $ 100 -RRB- and only works , again , for a while . Other problems include bad sound -LRB- the phone starts to sound like you 're under water -RRB- , buzzing , etc. . . A real rip-off with absolutely zero customer support from Panasonic , who earns the title of Biggest Rip-Off from me . Avoid them at any cost , and if your units start malfunctioning , consider ditching the system altogether for a better one , rather than putting good money after bad .
 I bought the 4-line kxtg4000b base with 6 KXTG400b handsets a couple of years ago . Overall , the system is quite good in features -LRB- though you can find better features on some of the newer models that are 2-line only -RRB- , however , there have been two major problems with the handsets
 We are having the same problem as most of the other reviewers . The # 1 button stops working , so dialing becomes impossible . Panasonic 's response is to have the customer pay $ 90 to fix each handset , and since it 's a multi line phone system , there are multiple handsets involved . Just inputting the model number in an internet search engine finds similar complaints across the web . If I had n't found such an overwhelming number of complaints , I would have assumed it was simply my unit and had no problem paying for the repairs . But this defect is widespread , and Panasonic should be responsible for their defective item .
 I ca n't agree more with all the other posters ! The # 1 on the dialpad failed on 5 of my 6 handsets . Panasonic does n't give a damn if I am a happy consumer . Therefore , screw them and now I will never buy Panasonic again . The replacement phones are as much $ $ $ as a whole new system . Very poor customer service . They want me to go to a Panasonic Authorized service center and pay $ 65 with no guarentee to repair . DO NOT BUY THIS SYSTEM ! Have a grat day .
 I have 4 of these with the base and currently three are dead . One just came back from repair and died again within a week . When this system works , it is wonderful . But with a 90 day warranty on the handsets , I am going broke replacing them .
 I bought the Panasonic 4 line 400B system when it was a fairly new item and paid almost $ 500 . Loved the base station and the range on the phone was really good only to find that the # 1 button on the handset keypad stopped working in a short time . Panasonic would n't stand behind the defective product and eventually pulled the item leaving everyone who purchased this system in a lurch . Shortly afterwards replacement were only available from 3rd party dealers and most were $ 300 for a single hand set refurbished . I will think long and hard before every purchasing another Panasonic product considering their obvious disregard for treating their customers fairly .
 Stay away . This phone is designed to lose it 's key functions after about a year . Talk , and the number keys require a Phillips screwdriver to press down the keys.The most panasonic will do is give you 15 % off a new phone .
 This reconstructed phone instrument barely works when you press the number `` 1 '' - a common problem that occurs after the phone has been in use for a while . However , it should not have been sent out if it does n't work perfectly .
 Same problem with the # 1 key . Have replaced original 2 with 2 extra handsets & same problem . Lots of $ to waste & Panasonic takes no responsibility . Will never buy another Panasonic phone or other item !
 We purchased two used rechargable portable phones that were advertised as being `` used - very good condition . `` My complaints :1 . The phones were purchased on September 1 , 2008 . They were not shipped until October 2 and we recieved them on October 6 , 2008.2 . While the phones work just fine , they arrived with a substance which looked like food on them requiring cleaning and without the charger base units for both of them , and only one of them had a battery .3 . We were able to use them after cleaning and had our own charger bases for them but would have purchased new in the future for the slight savings and the lengthy delay in recieving the product.Steve Abegg
 We have two of these systems -- one at our small business and one at our home -- and have had problems with the handsets failing . Out of ten total , we 've had to replace 6 of them . Either the `` one '' key fails or the handset garbles our voice -LRB- callers complain they ca n't hear us -RRB- . For handsets in warranty , Panasonic replaced the units with refurbished handsets . These handsets failed within the first month and Panasonic refused to fix the problem as over twelve months had elapsed since purchase of the system -LRB- in other words , they wo n't warranty the refurbished replacements -RRB- . I ended up writing Panasonic corporate offices about the poor quality of this phone system and asked them to replace the entire system . I got a form letter in return saying that after the warranty period , they have no responsibility.So much for us EVER buying another Panasonic product .
 I regret my purchase of the Panasonic 4000B base-and-handsets two years ago , as it was useless right out of the box . So why am I writing this review 2 years after the fact ? Because in moving recently , I rediscovered this $ 500 set of paperweights in a box where I 'd stashed them after nearly going insane trying to make them work!I 'd had good luck with a Panasonic cordless phone previously , so the 4000B was my choice when I needed a feature-rich , expandable phone system for my small business . Um , wrong choice.The god-awful battery problem , so frequently mentioned in Panasonic cordless reviews , rendered my handsets useless , and I mean USELESS ! Talk-time was nil , and replacement batteries did nothing , -LRB- as did Panasonic customer service -RRB- . Voice quality -LRB- inbound and outbound -RRB- when using the corded handset started mediocre and got progressively worse -LRB- though speakerphone quality was very good - go figure . -RRB- The ' # 1 button problem ' mentioned in so many other reviews was starting to manifest itself as well by the time I packed this electronic abomination into a box and threw it in a closet . -LRB- The non-intuitive operating system for the phone eventually became a moot point since the suckiness of the hardware overshadowed the suckiness of the software . -RRB- Look , I 've had and still have various Panasonic items that work fine -- excellently , in some cases . However , I 've run into a couple of real dogs in the Panasonic lineup lately ... my only other review on Amazon at this point is a scathing rip on another fatally-flawed Panasonic product -LRB- FP-155 fax machine -RRB- , which has a design flaw -LRB- experienced by most of the reviewers -RRB- which turns it into - you guessed it - an expensive paperweight.Panasonic , please consider this a wake-up call -- you 're burning a lot of people with your poor engineering/design on some of these products , and losing an immense amount of goodwill .
 There are two main problems . The first is the buildup of grime between the keypad and the underlying contacts leading to the infamous # 1 key not working problem . In some cases this can be resolved just by disassembling and cleaning the keypad and the contacts with rubbing alcohol . In most other , you will need to also buy a membrane -LRB- less than $ 6 on eBay - do n't pay more - beware of ripoffs that claim to offer a replacement keypad -RRB- to apply between the keypad and the contacts . The second major problem is where people ca n't hear what you are saying . This is caused by some issue with the RF unit/module . If you disassemble the handset , it is the metal covered rectangle under the word `` RFUNIT '' on the top of the back of the circuit board . Web searches seem to indicate that this problem is caused by RF leakage/echo/interference and third parties will offer a `` RF shield '' installed for around $ 35 to fix this . Instead of doing this , I am going to see if I can line the inside of the headset shell with cheap aluminum foil .
 This phone system is great , except for the fact that the number 1 keys on every single one of our six handsets do n't function without a lot of encouragement . Unfortunately , this makes the phone system a struggle to use almost every time we go to make a call . Our business is currently looking for a replacement phone system after only two years with Panasonic .
 These handsets work well for about 6 months - then battery issues -LRB- I think -RRB- thurn the cordless handsets into crap - really - ununsable , and the number `` 1 '' button seems to fail within the first year on all handsets .
 I consider myself a pretty smart shopper . I was really interested in getting a good cordless phone and was even willing to spend a bit of money if that 's what it took . I did some research and read all the reviews on this phone from amazon . It got nothing but high marks , so I figured it was a sure thing . Well , I could n't have been more wrong . This phone was terrible . I live in a samll apartment -LRB- 841 sq. ft -RRB- and I hooked up the phone in my bedroom . I even hooked it up in a spot away from electronic equipment just to prevent any kind of interference with the signal . The phone worked great in the bedroom , but as soon as I would leave and go into the living room or the kitchen it would start to drop voice data . It did n't get fuzzy or anything , it would literally just drop the person 's voice data so you could n't hear anything for seconds at a time . That is unaccetable from a cordless phone . I was n't looking at traveling long distances with this phone , but I expect to be able to walk around my apartment without any problems . I 'd stay away from this one . I took it back after having had it for a week . I just bought a GE 2.4 GHz which a guy at Circuit City highly recommended . Hope it works better .
 This phone is about ten times backwards from the previous model 1701B . The batteries go out quickly and the range is not even 1/4 of the older model 1701B . I replaced my previous phone -LRB- KX-TC1701B with this one because my son drowned it in water , hoping that this one KX-TC1703B would be just as good . NOT !! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !
 I bought two of these based on reviews of other panasonics . They do not apply , neither phone charges correctly and they are both going back ! I will buy another panasonic but not these .
 I purchased this Panasonic Cordless phone bc I already had another cordless by Panasonic and I absolutely love it , but it did not have caller ID . I generally have great things to say about Panasonic , but this is one of the worst . The problem that we have is that it does n't hold a charge very long and it takes a good 24 hours to charge again . We also get static on the line . Other than that it is a great phone , but I would discourage anyone wanting to purchase this phone .
 I bought this phone b/c it was on sale and I have had other panasonic phones I liked . It constantly seems to `` click '' while Im using it and it has to be charged frequently . Ive had it for 5 months and Im so tired of it Im going to buy another phone . Dont waste your money !
 I purchased two of this series phones from Circuit City in Salisbury , Maryland approximately six months ago . The phones will not hold a charge and they know it !! After several weeks of phone calls and Emails I finally had a tech person on the phone that would not give me a run around and admitted they were having problems with this phone . I was even referred by the Panasonic service site to contact a dealer thousands of miles away and after much frustration they could not solve the battery problem . I was told there was a kit that had to be installed by me to take care the problem . They could not supply it or the new Battery and did not know when it would be available ... Forget It !! and Panasonic !!
 I bought this phone in pearl white to replace a 25 channel black panasonic phone that was years old . What a mistake ! Just like the other reviews on the bad aspects of this phone - my phone also does n't keep a charge , does n't have a range big enough to make the speakerphone useful and recently has decided it can not locate the base ! I am completely unhappy with this product . It will be in my next garage sale . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE .
 Bought this phone from a local store and used for two months . I finally returned it this past weekend.This phone looks great on paper . However , it functions terribly . The phone seems to constantly search for a clear channel which causes lots of clicking noises and audio drop-out . It is very similar to a digital cellular phone.Bottom line is that the performance of this phone was intolerable . If I ca n't use it , I ca n't give it any more than 1 star.Our phone before this was a Sony -LRB- SPSS9101 , I believe -- silver 900 MHz spread spectrum with caller ID , no answering machine -RRB- . It lasted about 7 months until it failed . Sent it back for repair under warranty . Lasted another 2 months until it failed . Sent it back and received a brand new phone . It lasted about 9 months until it failed . I love Sony TVs and receivers , but I 'll never buy another phone.So , Sony is out . Panasonic is out . I bought a Uniden and we 'll see how that phone works .
 Think about this
 I had this phone for over a year now . Everyone I know , who has this exact same phone , including me , has the same problem with the battery . It takes more than 24 hrs to recharge and dies within next 12 hours .
 The battery on this phone would not last more than 5 hours . I replaced the battery twice and had the same problem . The phone will not hold a charge .
 I am really disappointed to see how long the battery lasts on this phone . I had a panasonic cordless phone before -LRB- do n't remember which model -RRB- and was very impressed with the battery life . That was the main reason I bought this one but it last for only 1 day in standby mode .
 I paid over $ 100 at a warehouse club and I have a $ 12 cordless phone that is much more reliable . The battery life was ok for the first two months and then it all of a sudden died . Now , the phone will hold a charge for less than five minutes.This phone was a HUGE waste of money .
 This seller sended miss parts in my order after I opened the package . I try to email them , they would not reply.Do not buy their products .
 Do not buy this phone . The battery life is horrible . The battery lasts one good hour when new . After a month , the battery life reduces to minutes after 6 hours charged . How may batteries will one need to stock up for a bad phone ? You can not depend on this bad phone . Imagine this is the only phone you have in the house and during a call to 911 ... you got cut off !
 There 's a static sound when the phone is on , even if I just have a dial tone . Plus , everyone I talk to says that I sound like I 'm on a cell phone.I called Panasonic before I brought it back , they said it was the battery and sent me a new one . They sent the wrong battery ! So I brought it back to the store for a different one.This one does the same exact thing ! I really do n't think it 's coincidence that I got 2 bad phones . I beleive all of them are bad and that all of the good reviews are from people that are either deaf or only played with the features and did n't call anyone yet . ** This review is about 2 different model Panasonic Phones ** Do n't Do It !!!
 This phone could be useful if Panasonic had thought first of putting a GOOD battery , not the piece of junk those people installed on it . Wo n't hold charge for more than 20 minutes of conversation , leave it standby out the charger , and the battery WILL be dead after 3 hours , 4 tops .
 I called Panasonic because my talk time has been reduced to ~ 30-45 minutes -LRB- manual states 3.5-4 .5 hours -RRB- . They told me that by replacing the phone onto base station after every call will reduce the life of the battery . Nowhere does it state this in the manual and I find it crazy that you can not place your handset onto the base station before completely running down the battery . This is a very poorly engineered feature and possibly a marketing -LSB- ploy -RSB- to get you to buy more batteries . FYI batteries are not covered under the warranty .
 This if the 3rd phone that has gone OUT OF RANGE ...
 This is a duckbill platypus of a phone.Paper weight , chew toy , vibrator ? Maybe.Phone ? Forget about it .
 Being a bit of a techno-geek , I waited a long time for this phone to come out , since at the time , it was the first phone to have 2.4 ghz AND answering machine , PLUS it had really cool styling.What a mistake ! This is hands down , the absolute worst phone I 've ever gotten . The sound quality was very good at first , then steadily went downhill and within 6 months became pure static . The answering machine -LRB- and I 've owned 3 answering machines and 4 office mailbox-type answering services -RRB- is the absolute worst answering machine I 've ever used . You ca n't even change the time without consulting a manual . It is absolutely inconceivable to me that anyone , letalone Panasonic , could make an answering machine this bad . I remember having a Panasonic tape machine 10 years ago that was superior to this.You are much better off getting some $ phone/answering machine combo than this piece of junk . Do n't be fooled by how cool it looks !
 I have owned this phone for a little over one year . It is in a box in the attic !! I finally had enough . This is the worst phone . It all started out good & went to bad after a few months . Please read the problems in past reviews . I have had them all .
 It worked fine for a month or two then it started flashing `` out of range '' ... did n't matter how close you were to the phone , even right next to the base unit . So we called their customer service , who told us to take out the batteries , unplug the phone , wait . Then turn it back on . Occasionally , this would work . Most of the time it would n't . Now it never works . Customer service has no advice other than unplug it.Plus , our greeting on the answering machine sounds like we 're in a tin can . Terrible phone .
 This is worst sound phone I have ever had . Without fail , every person who has called as asked us either if we were in the garage or did they call our cell phone , The sound to the listener is choppy and distorted . Even the digital message that you record for the answering machine sounds choppy . Plus no Mute button .
 I had the previous model without the keypad on the console . But I think it 's similar on all features . ... Out of Range signals even when I stand 1 feet away from the console . Sound quality poor . Too much static noise . Not recommended .
 Starts out great . Soon develops horrible interference from `` nearby '' -LRB- i.e. `` in the same room '' -RRB- electronic devices in your home . If your experience matches mine , you will find that the high price tag is no indicator of the satisfaction you will have with this product . We replaced it with a cheap corded phone , got rid of our call waiting , and got phone company message service .
 I bought my Panasonic 2.4 G DSS phone with answerer three years ago . I paid -LSB- price -RSB- for it . Initially both the sound and the range were great . But 1.5 years later , static started to appear . Now the static is simply unbearable and we have no choice but to get a replacement . I called Panasonic and they say that it costs -LSB- price -RSB- to get a replacement item . We are turned off by this phone enough that we seriously question the Panasonic brand in general . So we bought a Uniden instead for -LSB- price -RSB- -LRB- Uniden Tru346 -RRB- .
 I purchased this phone in Sept. of 2002 and already the battery only stays charged for about 40 minutes , it was advertized to last about 3.5 hours of talk time before recharging.I should have kept my cheaper AT&T 900MHZ model , which I had no problems with keeping a charge .
 For years -- nay , DECADES -- I would religiously recommend ANY Panasonic product to anyone and everybody . And so , when I bought my first Panasonic phone , and bad things started happening right from the start , I foolishly chalked it up to its being a lemon , and ate the cost . Then I bought my SECOND Panasonic phone -LRB- WHY ? Why ?! WHY ?!?! -RRB- , and two days after I charged it up for the first time , I began having problems galore . Incoming messages were cut off ... . incoming messages were n't even recorded at all ... . I 'd be conversing with someone , and be disconnected ... . I 'd pick up the phone to dial , and the phone would go DEAD . Now , because I can not afford to replace the damn thing , I 'm stuck with it . SOMETIMES it records messages -LRB- but usually cuts them off -RRB- , but never , EVER am I able to DIAL the damn thing ! By the time the phone 's rung just once , DEAD AIR . Most of the time , I hit the TALK button to begin dialing , and I 'm cut off , and the phone goes dead for hours and hours and hours . I am SO incredibly exasperated , and because I ca n't get out of my SMALL home very much -- or easily -- I decided not to try to exchange and/or just plain RETURN the thing at Best Buy , because they charge a 15 % restocking fee , now , even when the fault is CLEARLY the manufacturer 's . I have made calls to Panasonic , but gotten a recorded message , and never a live person -LRB- much less a dead one , like my phone -RRB- , and I have never received a response to e-mails . I have to say this
 The phone worked very well ... for about two months . It was around that time that the battery life virtually disappeared . After a full charge , we could n't get more than a half an hour before the battery indicator would start blinking . To make matters worse , Panasonic was not in the least bit helpful about diagnosing the problem or attempting to look at the phone . I ended up having to buy a new battery on my own.After installing the new battery , I saw the problem disappear ... for about two months . It 's back to the same problem and I 'm not willing to torture myself by going back to Panasonic for Round 2 of fighting this problem.So , I 'm going to buy a Motorola instead . Their new MD681 expandable system looks appealing.IN SHORT
 The phone worked wonderfully for about a year , now the phone is having trouble making contact with the base unit , I called Panasonic and what they have me do every few weeks to get the phone to work again is a big hassel .
 THIS PHONE IS THE BIGGEST RIP OFF I HAVE HAD OF ANY ELECTRONIC PURCHASE . I THOUGHT THE PANASONIC BRAND PLUS ALL THE HYPE SURROUNDING THIS PHONE MEANT IT WOULD AT LEAST FUNCTION PROPERLY IF NOT OUTSTANDINGLY ... BUT THE BATTERY LIFE RARELY EXCEEDS 1/2 AN HOUR AND HAS CAUSED MANY DROPPED CALLS . ONLY THE SPEAKERPHONE IS WORTH USING UNLESS YOU WANT TO HANG UP ON THE OTHER PARTY . DONT BUY IT !!!
 I read the reviews here and though that I finally found a phone that would replace my eight-year old answering machine phone . I 'm still looking.Major features I considered :1 -RRB- Good speakerphone sound quality - Poor . My office speakerphone sounds much better ; and it 's a cheapo ! 2 -RRB- Backlit LCD screen - Lasts for about 3 and a half seconds on the handset , no backlit at the base .3 -RRB- Dual keypad -LRB- base and handset -RRB- - telephone configuration only works with the handset , # 1 above made this irrelevant.In addition , the handset is uncomfortable to hold on the shoulder ; reception is good.I have to say I was disapointed and returned it .
 This phone can not be used within 10 feet of a computer which makes it unsuitable for a home office telephone . The reception was initially clear but degraded in a short time developing lots of interference . Despite following the instructions from the technical support line to factory reset the phone we are not able to remove the static . The phone is basically useless and we 're starting over . Rather a high function phone for just home usage . They need to solve the problem with the 2.4 and electronics .
 Range = Unbelievably excellent.Answer machine BROKE within 3 months!Says `` Out of range '' 1/2 the time when standing NEXT to base.Static all the time now that it is 1 year old.Product looks great , works great -LRB- When Working -RRB- I own 2 of them and PAINT RUBS OFF within 3 moinths ande 1 LCD screen is burned yellow & green ... Why?Panasonics ' `` Quality Control '' is LOUSY !
 I have owned Panasonic phones for 15 years now.My last was a large style 900hz.-long range that was going on 8 years old ! It just wore out ... I purchase the new 2.4hz.-I am VERY DISAPPOINTED ... it has lasted exactly 11 days until it will no longer function ! Beside 's not working the silver finish just chips off with setting the phone back in for charging ! Absolutely the worst phone I have ever owned ... I am hoping to find one of the older model # KXTC1741-white Panasonic 's - I have one of these without the answering machines , and it is excellent ! It has been dropped , gotten wet , and been chewed on by my mastiff-puppy . This phone is the `` Hummer '' of Panasonics ! Well off to find a new phone - good luck ... eh ?
 I bought this phone at considerable expense because of its features , the brand name , and assurances from a sales person that the quality was excellent . It has persistently been problematic . Every time I pick up the phone , I hear very loud and obnoxious static . That used to fade away when I began a call , but now it persists , making it painful to listen to callers . Another minor annoyance is the caller ID light which continually flashes for no good reason , instead of simply staying on . I wish I 'd bought the cheaper Vtech , or maybe got a Siemens .
 The only problem I have with this phone is that the battery goes dead in about one hour of talk time . The owners manual says that the battery is supposed to last longer , but that is only if you are within ten feet of the base . I would get a corded phone if I wanted that limitation . Also the battery is ni-cd , which has to be fully discharged before being charged again . If it had a li-ion battery I would probably give this phone 5 stars .
 I own this phone and absolutely hate it . The battery life is about 10 minutes -LRB- no joke -RRB- and it never has functioned properly -LRB- sometimes it just shuts itself off -RRB- . This is the second Panasonic phone I have owned that did not work . PANASONIC IS A BAD BRAND - DO NOT BUY THEIR PRODUCTS !
 this phone is downright terrible . I used to have a panasonic 2.4 GHZ phone that was was fried by spilled beer during a late night college thing . That phone was great and travelled through almost my entire dorm without static -- a big 19th century stone monstrocity of a building . I bought this one for its speakerphone and it is static-ridden in my room . It wo n't ring or find a signal down the hall . Maybe it 's a dud , but it 's enough to turn me off to panasonic phones .
 I bought the phone because of all the features I was reading about , turns out it was the worst phone I have for the money!The speakerphone acts totally dependent of the handset . If you turn the ringer off on the handset , the ringer on the speakerphone turns off.I program friends/family phone # 's in the handset and when they call , the handset does n't give me the programmed name with the number , but the caller ID name instead . Sprint 's phone is excellent with this feature!Panasonic 's sound quality is excellent though ! And I love the look ! But I 'm not willing to spend $ ... on the look and sound alone!Also , they should make a phone that will not hang up on your party when you want to hold the phone between your head and shoulders to talk . I will be returning this phone to purchase a Siemens , I 'm hoping I do n't have to write a 2 star review on them.It 's 2002 Panasonic , where are you !
 From previous reviews and my experience , it seems that Panasonic has lousy quality control.Call volume is poor , phone just dies . Requires disconnect from power and phone jack to `` reboot '' . This happens once a week . Panasonic customer service suggested this , apparently a common problem . Wo n't admit , this is a defect.Microwave inteference is severe . Other party has trouble hearing conversation.Range is not as advertised.All said and done , a lousy phone
 At about three times the price of the Panasonic 2 line `` land '' phone it was replacing , I was expecting to find some extra functionality in this new 1 line phone . Biggest bummer was the missing auto-redial -LRB- dial until no busy signal -RRB- function . Second big bummer was the lack of `` function '' key and lack of functionality on the base unit , making the base unit almost worthless . Programming this phone was counter-intuitive and required the manual even for some of the simpler things . Releasing the locator/intercom key meant hanging up on the conversation in progress on the handset -LRB- baddd -RRB- . Sound quality is quite good .
 Had the phone for less than a year and the # 1 button on the keypad now has problems accepting the finger press . I have to push down really hard and as a result will dial two 1 's .
 I bought this phone ... and with the money I paid for it I was definitly expecting a better product . I go away for school so when I do call home I talk on the phone for a little while with my entire family . Well , if you expect on having a 2 hour conversation with someone ... forget it !!! This means a full 2 hour conversation or the same amount of time just broken up into smaller conversations if you do n't put it on it 's charger . The battery life is horrible . My friend bought a cheap phone from -LSB- store -RSB- and that thing rarely makes it to the base and always gets talked on and the thing never dies . But my phone is always beeping a bit into the conversation ... and I do return it to the base . It 's a disappointment . Also , if you plan on using a handset ... BE CAREFUL ... because the other party can barely hear you .
 Panasonic has already replaced the motherboard once , and the phone -LRB- KXTG2570 -RRB- is now inoperable again . It has been a frustrating experience . I had 12 years of flawless service from an ATT cordless phone , I 'm going to purchase another to replace this Panasonic .
 With the advent of caller id , I have come to rely on being able to scroll through the caller id list and with 1 touch , place my phone call . I am NOT able to do that with this phone . Caller ID on this phone stores a `` 1 '' along with the other 10 digits , as if every call I needed to make was long distance ! In other MUCH CHEAPER phones I have owned , there was a way to tell the phone to store numbers differently . Not so for this phone ! You have to use the `` edit '' function everytime ! It 's easier to just dial the # !! Even if you save the # to the directory in an `` edited '' fashion , the next time that person calls the caller id list does n't recognize it as an edited # . For this reason , I find myself using the other , cheaper phones in my home . Way too much $ $ for something that just `` looks '' good . Not all models of Panasonic are this way , so I do n't know what happened here . If I knew about this beforehand , I would have NEVER have bought this phone !!
 This phone never really worked . Lousy reception , one hour battery life ... the list goes on . Believe me ... read the other reviews ... do n't waste your time and money .
 This phone started out great , no problems , good sound , nice feel , reasonably simple to use . After a couple months , the caller ID features started to only work on occasion . I contacted Panasonic and got nowhere trying to resolve the issue . As the months went on it started to get worse . Now after a year the phone sound is still fine , battery life is getting worse , the caller ID function is simply not working at all -LRB- `` incoming call '' to everything no ID -RRB- and the answering machine speaker is now shot . Ca n't really make out much of anything unless you turn up the volume to maximum and then just barely . I have now replaced this phone and not with a Panasonic .
 I bought this phone a year ago and I end up changing the battery already once . The battery was discharging so fast and recently I stopped using the handset completely . Eventhough I charge it whole night , it is not getting charged . The warranty service is also very bad . Fortunately I bought this phone using my Visa Platinum and they covered the full price . Thanks to Visa .
 If you are the perosn who changes phone every year , then this is the one . It will start die exaclty after one year as pre-programmed .
 I ca n't believe I paid this much for this phone ! I can talk MAYBE 20 minutes and then it goes totally dead . What a pain ! It has neat features but you have to clear all calls in the caller ID one at a time , and wondering if it will cut off in the middle of a conversation is a pain in the neck . I am returning it TODAY !
 This is a duckbill platypus of a phone.Paper weight , chew toy , vibrator ? Maybe.Phone ? Forget about it .
 When I originally bought the phone last year , it was to get a good cordless for an urban area that would give me caller-ID and a headset jack -LRB- my fmr . Sony phone had neither -RRB- . While the menu 's are somewhat counter-intuitive and the remote call-in system is stinky , I was pretty happy - for awhile . At about the one year mark , the headset jack just > stopped working < - I found out that the phone is pretty uncomfortable to hold on the shoulder . Then , the reception went from > 100 ft to ~ 8 ft. Then the handset mike died - all w/n 1 week ! I wo n't buy it again !
 Some days are worse than others , but on an average of once a week , the phone scares the -LSB- heck -RSB- out of me by making a loud beeping noise right into my ear , drops my connection , and displays the message `` Searching for base '' even though the damn base is 1 foot away . I hate the fact that I have to buy another phone even though I just dropped -LSB- some money -RSB- on this one , but I have to say , I do n't think that this phone is very good for my health . Definitely do n't get it if you are sensitive to loud noises or have a history of heart problems . I 'm not even kidding .
 I 've been looking for a nice cordless phone for some time . I purchased the Panasonic because it seemed like it had a lot of features and given the price , I assumed it would be the best . Boy was I wrong.It is very non-intuitive . You have to have the manual nearby at all times to pretty much do anything . I ended up just giving the phone away finally.But , I will say one thing , if you want a good laugh call the included answering machine remotely ! A chimpanzee could have designed a better interactive menu . It goes something like this
 It was good for a month , then handset shows `` Out Of Range '' all the time -LRB- even we stand next to its base -RRB- . We sold over 30 of them out , but 80 % of customers brought them back to refund . Called tech support , just a machine answered and let us hold forever !! No reply at all by using tech support forms in website . We lost at least couple grands from reselling them as a junk and still left some more from weekly returns . No responsible company .
 Unreliable - that 's the best I can say . Half the time the handset ca n't find the base station - even when it 's only 3 feet away . When it can connect to the base station the signal is loaded with static . Also , the range is lousy . 15 yards is about the best I 've been able to get.Finally , as others have said - the speaker phone is all but useless .
 Surprising to learn in reading these reviews that I am not the only one experiencing problems with constant static and `` Out of Range '' messages while standing next to the base station . It is disappointing that a company the size of Panasonic would manufacture a product of such poor quality . Thank you to the reviewer who provided guidance in how to repair the phone . Has anyone had experience with authorized Panasonic repair ?
 ... -LSB- Let -RSB- me tell you , this phone is more trouble than it is worth . Reception is horrible -- so bad that sometimes I had to swith to my cell phone which had much better reception . The answering machine resets everytime the power goes out and resetting it is much more trouble than it should be ...
 I bought this phone because of it 's features . -LRB- handset speakerphone , easy-to-use digital answering machine , slow message playback , etc. -RRB- I have since then learned that this phone has terrible reception including pops and crackles on my end of the phone as well as pops on the other end that people I am talking to complain about . Most editorial reviews talk about the good features that this phone has , but after about a week of using this thing you will be ready to throw it away .
 Even though this phone has plenty of features for the price , I must warn you about the terrible static . The default `` channel '' for this phone is so full of static , you have to stop your conversation , press the left side of the large toggle button in hopes that you get a clear channel . I do n't know how some of the reviewer 's have `` crystal clear connections '' ; I certainly have had the opposite experience .
 Good phone except for one thing -- static that would come and go . With some conversations there was absolutely no static whatsover and with other conversations I had nothing but static . I am planning to return it tomorrow .
 I bought this phone about 4 months ago . Everythingworked fine except for that the sound qualityof the handset is kind of poor . Then the answermachine stopped working two weeks ago . The machinestill answers , plays the greetings and lets thecaller leave a message , but any messageleft are erased automatically immediately !!! So your caller thinkthat you got his/her message but you did NOT actuallyget the message!Don ' t be surprised if people ask you why you nevercall them back !
 I was not happy with this phone and returned it . I found the answering machine to be very clumsy . After listening to messages , I would push erase , and the machine would say , `` Press erase to blah , blah , blah . '' I would press erase again , and it would say something similiar . I had to press erase three times just to erase messages . At my house , I lose electricity often due to thunderstorms , and resetting the clock on this thing was very obscure . I had to use the manual every time as you must reset the clock from the handset . The keystrokes were impossible to know without the manual , and the machine did not have a built in guide like many do . The phone quality itself was nothing impressive . Static , with an unusual timber to the person 's voice that made it sound pinched . I have never had a Panasonic product that satisfied me , and was once again reminded of why I have bought nothing of theirs in over a decade .
 Playback quality of messages is muddy sounding - you have to listen very hard to hear what people are saying . Transmission of your voice to the party you are speaking with is also poor . People complain of a distant quality to the voice . They wonder if you are on a speakerphone . Answering machine sometimes cuts off people leaving messages after a few seconds . have owned this phone for over 6 months now Looking for a new one
 Works fine until a second phone is picked up on either end of the call . Then , the phone turns into an echo chamber . This is a BAD BAD product . Do not waste your time or money .
 Bought this phone in August of 2001 . It no longer works . The quality of reception was less than good . It popped often sounding like an electrical short . Looking at the warranty , it will probably cost more to get it fixed than what it is worth . Labor is covered for 90 days while the parts are for a year . Postage and labor will certainly cost more than this lifeless mass is worth . Maybe we are just lucky or maybe you will be if you do not choose to buy this phone .
 First off , if I could give this phone a rating for design , it would be a `` 5 '' . Very nice features , simple to use . Unfortunately it is not well put together.This is the second version of this phone I have purchased . First I bought the KXTC1501B -LRB- the previous model -RRB- . It worked great except after a couple months , it stopped charging . Some mechanical problem . So , since the economy was in a nosedive , I just bought this new model , the KXTC1503B.This phone also worked great for a while . Then one day it coughed up a digital problem . The answering machine stopped working . The phone got an echo problem . Eventually the microphone stopped working entirely.So , buy at your own risk . I am 0 for 2 . -LRB- BTW , I came up with a white trash solution for the problem . I charge the battery in the new phone , then transfer the charged battery to the old phone , which works fine . -RRB-
 Bought this phone in August of 2001 . It no longer works . The quality of reception was less than good . It popped often sounding like an electrical short . Looking at the warranty , it will probably cost more to get it fixed than what it is worth . Labor is covered for 90 days while the parts are for a year . Postage and labor will certainly cost more than this lifeless mass is worth . Maybe we are just lucky or maybe you will be if you do not choose to buy this phone .
 The answering machine is fine , however the static on the phone is terrible ! When I talked to other people on this phone , they said that as I talked the static got worse . I would not recommend this product unless you LOVE static !
 Although this phone has decent features for a low price , the sound quality is lacking . Ever since I received this phone as a gift over a year ago people talking to me wondered if I was speaking through a cell phone , or if I was receiving another incoming call . A lot of conversations sounded choppy or broken to either party , sometimes forcing an early end to long distance calls . Another reviewer mentioned that he was able to get range of up to 50 meters , mine got nowhere near that , and this model did not include backlit # 's either . I leave the handset on the charger a majority of the time , so battery life issues have n't surfaced . Otherwise , the answering machine and speakerphone work well and would have raised the overall rating to 4 stars if not for the inconsistant sound quality .
 I listened to reviewers about a year ago -LRB- most were positive -RRB- and bought this phone - and it 's been nothing but trouble . I wish I 'd waited more time , as the most recent reviews echo my feelings about this phone . . which is that it 's a real LEMON ! Yes , it 's got a speaker phone , which is great -- but this positive is more than outweighed by the terrible reception - people 's voices fade in and out - and the people on the other end of the phone miss entire words and sentences when you speak . Overall , just awful . I always run and switch to the other phone , which is -LRB- a -RRB- older -LRB- b -RRB- less `` sophisticated '' and -LRB- c -RRB- was much cheaper
 This phone is all digital but everyone advertises it as analog 900Mhz . Also , there is too much static noise on and off . dont ever think about buying this phone . this is also clear from the fact that the price dropped between the time i bought it and returned it after dissatisfaction .
 I have a panasonic cordless set I 've been using for quite some time which works great , so when I decided to get another panasonic set for another room , I decided on this on . I 'm not sure what happened here , either I bought a defective phone or Panasonic has really lowered the bar on quality performance . When dialing a number , usually right after dialing , it 'll ring right away , however , this set , it makes several sounds , as if it 's connecting to something , like an internet -LRB- ? -RRB- and it takes about 3-5 seconds to `` connect '' , then it starts the actual ringing . The volume on this set -LSB- need help -RSB- as well . There are only 3 levels , super low , low and ok . Do n't they know some people have hearing problems ?! And the ring to this set is annoying . It sounds retarded , not like other phone sets . And the ring volume , there 's only two levels , super low or rediculously high . However , the major complaint I have with this set is you ca n't dial any number over 10 digits . For example , you dial the credit card company and then they ask you to punch in your credit card number , you punch it in and well , the phone thinks that you 're dialing an actual phone number , so it 'll make that `` connecting '' noise and it 'll just keep on doing that , getting you nowhere so eventually , you 're forced to hang up and maybe try again and get nowhere again . Luckily , I have another phone for cases like that . Overall , the price you pay on this phone is not even worth it . Even if it was free I would n't take it . Stay away from this phone . If I could give it a zero rating , I would .
 I purchased this same version -LRB- last model -RRB- of the Panasonic phone just over a year ago . The number pad now works randomly , causing us great frustration as well as many wrong numbers . I have contacted their customer support many times -LRB- via email -RRB- , and have yet to receive any response.If you are looking for a phone that will last you a couple of years , then I would recommend that you do not purchase this phone . I do n't recall EVER having any problems with the old rotary phones ... do you?P.S . If you answer the phone , and the caller has dialed the wrong number ... perhaps now , you 'll know why .
 I have not been pleased with this phone . Most of the time it is almost impossible to hear the caller . We have tried all of the adjustments but without success . I have two other cordless phones , both of which cost considerably less that work fine.I would not recommend buying this phone .
 This phone has the ability , when more than a few messages are left , to make everyone sound like they are calling from the last day of a three day binge on spring break . Really ! I dont know how it does this when it is tapeless , perhaps its some sort of plot to make us question our sanity . not a great phone !!
 papers are low quality glossy and can be easily bent . Buy the high quality glossy paper separately if you 're looking for better quality papers
 I also was unable to get the chalk to stay in the prongs . I plan on using pliers as one other customer to see if that will hold them in . I purchased Prang dustless chalk which is too small for the prongs .
 The chalk will not stay in place . Falls out every time Attempt to draw lines on chalkboard . Waste of money .
 On the plus side this product has a descent hand grip and it is light weight . On the downside , the chalk does n't stay well positioned in the sockets . Unless you are always using brand new chalk sticks the chalk has a tendency to wobble and fall out . This tends to happen even if the chalk stick is only slightly used .
 I have fond memories of using these back in the 1980 's . This does n't seem to hold the chalk pieces at all . They fall out or through , perhaps they are thinner than `` normal '' chalk . I 'm not sure , I have also tried pinching the metal closed around them and it has n't helped either . Disappointed ...
 This WAS a good phone for a while so I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . It was clear and had good range . The intercom feature was nice . About 9 months after purchase though the screens on some of the handsets started to lose pixels . Eventually some screens were almost totaly blank and others were half blank . Then there was nothing to do but recycle the batteries and throw the rest in the garbage . I was very disappointed . Do n't make the same mistake . I hope my new Panasonic system lasts longer than this one did .
 Seems like we go through these cordless phones every year . I 've used a lot of them and this Panasonic is one of the worst ever ! BEWARE the horrible feature of the call-waiting interrupt tone that renders your conversations usless while it alerts you 3 times a call is coming in.Second major problem is the keypad . After some moderate use the keypad hardly works . Many of the numbers require either a light or heavy touch to get them to work . In this day of passcodes and entering numbers you will be very frustrated when you ca n't do it correctly with this phone.Battery has been sporadic and below average . Programming is poor . For the money you can do a whole lot better . I will probably never buy another Panasonic phone based on this and previous experiences . Good Luck !
 i ca n't even tell you how much i hate the 2 vtech phones i have gotten . one i got as a gift , and the other i bought . they both are horrible . they have terrible sound quality , range , battery life , & durability - and they were especially poor in my 2 floor apt ! . i tried to save a little $ , but now i 'm on my third cordless phone in a little over a year and have spent more $ than if i had just gotten a siemens 2.4 ghz w / caller ID in the first place ! do yourself a favor & pay attention to the reviews . cordless phones are tough .
 Bought it without realizing it was analog . Lots of static , feedback and echo . Do yourself a favor , go digital .
 I purchased this same model -LRB- purple colour -RRB- a few months ago at a KMart store . The flashy colours attracted me , I suppose . In the beginning it was an okay phone . I had replaced a very cheap and old cordless phone , and the sound was much better . My only problem was I had to adjust to the lack of echo . :-RRB- The Antenna on the base of this phone is Horrible ! My kids pulled it out and broke the plastic the first day I got it . Then , the phone rapidly began to have problems . The battery had a very short life . Instead of just beeping when the battery was low , I would get a very loud interference type noise , and the phone would disconnect me . The ringer no longer works 100 % of the time , and that brings me here to Amazon in search for a better phone ! I would not recommend this phone , unless you are just in it for the `` nifty colours . ''
 I bought the phone for its price and color . I am pleased with those things . As far as acutally using the phone goes it leave a bit to be desired . The phone has tons of static in the background which often makes hearing people difficult . turning the volume up simply turns the static up , leaving the other persons voice at nearly the same volume which doesnt really help hearing ... if you buy this phone , get used to yelling and saying `` what ? i cant hear you ! what ? you want dinner with Charo ? what ?? ''
 Do n't get me wrong , I thoroughly enjoy many of V-Tech 's electronics , however , in this case , not even the cool colors can overcome it 's lousy reception . The phone works well as far as not cutting out when it is in use , however in the background I would have to deal with a high pitch , fuzzy noise . Everytime I talked or breathed , there was a nylon-on-nylon noise eminating from the earpiece . I guess that is what I get for expecting quality from a -LSB- price -RSB- phone that matches my bed sheets .
 I bought this phone a while back and it worked well for a short period of time .
 I got the high pitched buzzing noise too . Mine 's going back to the store from whence it came ! Sure the color 's cool , but ...
 These bags are a useful size and they are very inexpensive , but the construction is poor . When I tried to remove the cardboard stiffener insert , it was so tight that despite gentle tugging , the cardboard caught a zipper and ripped the zipper off the bag . So I never got to use that bag . If you buy these bags , try to cut the cardboard while it is still inside the bag and remove it piecemeal . But do n't count on the zipper remaining attached to the bag if it will receive much use ! If you need a more durable bag , buy something else . I would n't buy these again and really do n't recommend them . Although I wo n't buy any more Master Lock products , the seller was very fast ship and I would n't hesitate to buy other products from the seller .
 Bought one had it for 9 months or so , unexpectedly it died , called customer service , awfull experience , almost a nightmare . They now the power adapter is faulty . Why are they still selling it ? Anyway after a LOT of calls to customer service and 4 months later they shipped a power adapter replacement , back to normal again this time for only 4 months died again . Stay away from this .
 Had it for just over a year . We have had significant issues with it most of that time . Now , the battery life is about 5 minutes . That does n't really matter though , as the microphone stopped working on it about a month ago so it 's just a very expensive answering machine/caller ID now with no way to effectively take calls.Buy something else .
 Purchased this product when we signed up with Vonage . The system worked great for a while then suddenly the base unit quit working . Since I 'm out of US and thought it would be too hard to go through customer service I purchased another of the very same system . Now after 4 months of use the very same problem has occurred . On my own I isolated the problem to the power supply since the base works using another similar power supply , at least I can still use the phone.I have yet to use the customer service but overall very unreliable system .
 Bought my first Vonage phone 12 months ago . 6 months later it did n't have any power . Because the warranty was out of date , I bought a new one . 5 months later the second modem went dead . Again , I was unable to get the modem to power up . Do not buy this phone . Try to find another option .
 Purchased and installed about 6 months ago . Stationed overseas so Vonage keeps us sane . The service has been great but the phone died . After troubleshooting with Vonage over the landline phone , they determined the power supply was bad -LRB- the plug that goes into the wall -RRB- . They said they would replace it . 1 month later , no plug . Called and they said they did n't show it was ever mailed . Said they would mail -LRB- again -RRB- . After another month , no show . Took plug to electrician friend , said plug was fine . We took the box apart and the circuit cards were corroded with a white powder which he said was an indicator it got wet or was in a very humid environment for some time . Probably sat in warehouse months before shipping out to us . Ordered Linksys Phone Adapter which uses regular house phone and been gravy ever since . Should have known better , and linksys was cheaper .
 Bought this phone when I signed up for Vonage less than a year ago . In 9 months , this phone has died twice unexpectedly . The first time it died , I could not receive calls or dial out . Trying to replace it through Vonage customer service was a joke . After at least 6 hours of hold times , and repeatedly explaining the problem they finally sent me a new one . I was without my phone for a whole month -LRB- completely unacceptable for running a business -RRB- and had to pay the shipping for the replacement phone . Thanks Vonage ! Just four months later , the second phone has now completely died . Once again , Vonage customer service has proved to be no help . I took matters into my own hands and bought a Vonage/Linksys router with a regular phone . Everything works fine now so far . Fingers crossed .
 I bought this phone originally through vonage and within 3 months it did n't work . No dial tone . Just got all static and quit working within a few day . After many hours on the phone with vonage troubleshooting -LRB- what a joke -RRB- , they sent me a new one . Needless to say 4 months later i have the same exact problem , but this time it was a `` power addapter problem '' . and this time it would n't light up . So once again tried vonages customer service.They are sending me a new one since it is still under warranty . But i just went ahead and ordered a whole new system from Staples and fingers crossed this works .
 Failed within 1 month . Needs a new power source I think , to make it work properly . Is it the plug or something in the box ?
 You get what you pay for , thought I was saving money but still getting a compatible phone for my Vonage system . . it was compatible it just did n't work . . Phones would not charge and base would not boot up . several calls later with Vonage I found out these are discontinued old models . . do n't waste you money or time . I did it for you .
 I had a power supply go bad but you ca n't just get a power supply , you have to buy the whole system or a handset and charger -LRB- if you can find one -RRB- . Now all we get is static , I 'm switching to the router so I can use a real phone . It 's a little disappointing because I like Vtech . Biggest issue with me is you ca n't get any help from Vtech because it 's a Vonage product and Vonage acts like they have no idea what to do about it . I would not buy this product again .
 The picture is of a new updated calculator . The one that was shipped to me was from 1994 and had a pixel out on the screen so you could n't read the first line of data . Very disappointed .
 I just got my item a while ago , i tried brand new batteries to make it work but it did n't . It does n't operate at all .
 The calculator did not work when I got it even after putting new batteries in it so I contacted Mr. Carlson . He was so nice and got right back with me . He apoligized for it not working and said that he would return my money . And in a few short days , I got a check in the mail from him . I found him to be a very nice guy and very true to his word .
 Do n't get me wrong but that calculator shown in the picture is not the TI-85 graphing calculator from Texas Instrument . I have no idea what that thing shown in the picture is .
 Unfortunately , when my son took it to school , he realized it was n't the same calculator his teacher uses . All the buttons are in different places from the T83 . I thought I was buying a newer model . So , for me it was a waste .
 I purchased a TI-85 Calculator that said ` new ' . However , when I recieved this item it had clearly been used it was scratched up cover and face and it had obviously been opened . Not only that but it was missing two of the batteries it had come with . I was very displeased if I would of wanted a used calculator I would ` nt have paid $ 100.00 for it !
 I purchased this Texas Instruments Graphing Calculator on 9/19/2011 , and it already broke . I had to buy another one . A waste of money
 I received the item and it did not work . I contacted the company and within 10 hours my problems was fixed . I would deal with the company again .
 I purchased this calculator for statistics , and did n't purchase it directly form Amazon , but from a seller on Amazon in the used category . Unfortunately for me , the seller was n't honest in the item description . I did n't mind that it came with some scratches or engraved with some words on it from the previous owner , but I did n't appreciate purchasing a broken calculator . I ca n't give a review for the itme since I received it broken -LRB- and arrived a week later than it should have -RRB- , but I will rate my review on the seller , which is why it is makred low .
 I am very dissappointed in my purchase . I am unable to use it at all a the screen is so light I can not see anything on it . I dont this this was rated correctly as it is not even in working condition
 If you do n't have to buy a TI calculator , go for a CASIO , they are logically easier to use . I used to have CASIO during my school and college and when I bought this calculator I recognized that these TIs are not a good opponent for CASIOs .
 i ordered this one but they give me a different one which one is look like really old and the screen color is really light that u cant be able to see
 If you need a graphing calculator for a calculas class this may do the trick but I recommend the TI-82r a higher model . This calculator did not have the features needed for my college class but it may be ok for a high school class . See what features you need and then buy it . The only good thing about it was you cant beat the price .
 I think that the calculator i bought was stolen ? It says Roosevelt High school on both sides of it and it was covered in paint that had been half scratched off . If i knew how to get in contact with the high school i would probably report this , but I cant tell which rhs this is from . I am very displeased at the quality of the calculator . If I had seen a real picture before I bought it this person would n't have gotten my money .
 when i recieved this in the mail it didnt even work . I have tried new batteries and the works but nothing . &#62; : -LRB-
 bought the calculator used for a good price . it stopped working after 2 weeks . i emailed seller , no reply . oh well , lesson learned , never again . went to office depot and paid 5X the price , but at least it works
 This is a waste of money . It worked yes but you may as well use it for heavy breathing pranks cause every time I tried to talk I had to take my face away from it it or I would sound like Darth Vader . The ringer on high or even normal setting is loud and would be okay if you are deaf or hard of hearing which you will be sooner or later after you have used it for awhile . All in all pointless to even buy .
 There are some design flaws with this model . It works beautifully for the first couple dozen staples , but then the parts wear out and it will no longer function . Save your $ 10 - $ 20 and get something else .
 It was impossible to insert the paper tape . The inside paper slot is badly designed , it is nearly invisible , the paper is too soft to be pushed into the slot , and there is no room for your fingers to guide the paper tape . Had to return product .
 This item worked about 2 months and then the printer broke . fancy looking junk ! A total waste of money . Very disappointed ! JimmyMac-clifton heights Pa. .
 Rubbish . It does not fit the camera Sony DSC-H3 which 47th Street Photo advertise it for . Because they wo n't post to addresses outside the States it took over 30 days to reach me so I ca n't send it back . I have written to 47th Street Photo 4 times and they do n't reply . I now have a useless peice of plastic which is not even heavy enough to use a door stop . Do n't be fooled by their product description .
 I want to send back , because it does n't work with DSC H1.How could I do that ?
 All right here 's the thing . I bought a 12 pack of these , or maybe 10 pack -- somewhere there , at a local Target a few mos prior , for a dollar . Pleased with them , they were n't artist quality or anything but they worked and sharpened fine . These sad excuses for coloring pencils that you 're looking at now , although offered by the same company , are paltry in comparison . I have no idea why , but they are crap . Break when sharpened about 75 % of the time . The lead is n't glued properly to the inside of the barrel -LRB- if that is the correct terminology here -RRB- . They 're just bad . Get a different brand .
 This is my fifth F-Series mousepad . I love the size , surface texture , thinness , even the price is okay . But I have four of the five sitting in a cabinet because the bottom area separated from the top area , and it ALWAYS starts with the corner where the round Orange Ball with an F goes through it . Wait , sorry , my wife said she threw away the box I had with three of them . Only one broken one left . I was hoping someday I could find out where/how to return them . I 'll keep buying them though and I suppose that makes me a sucker . . I just love the way they feel and work . I just wish they 'd last longer than a few months . My newest one , the one I 'm writing this review for ? It 's about two weeks old and separating already .
 I purchased a HON chair a few years ago , it was great . I ordered this one thinking it would be as good . But I was wrong . The seat was too high at its lowest position even for a tall guy over 6 ' . The seat cushion was too hard to sit even for a few minutes . So it would not be good to sit for a long time . I returned this item . But was charged $ 60.00 for shipping .
 The picture is innacurate , the entire outside is covered with a huge WHITE logo for Kelly detectors.They should pay me to wear the darn thing !!
 I ran out of Canon Photo Pro Paper while printing my vacation pics , and had a 20 piece trial pack of the Kodak Ultima Picture Paper that I broke out to try . I printed the same picture on both papers and the Kodak does n't even come close to the quality of the Canon ! Both papers were supposed to be glossy , but the Kodak is almost matte . The Kodak paper also seemed to be more pixellated looking , while the Canon paper is photo lab quality . I do not recommend Kodak Ultima Picture Paper -LRB- unless you are getting it near free , and giving the pictures to someone you do n't really like that much -RRB- .
 I do n't know if it 's just the pack of paper I got , but these sheets of photo paper are not really 4x6 . They 're more like 3.5 x7 . This is extremely annoying when trying to print to 4x6 because it cuts off the top of the picture and then leaves white space on the end of the picture . For it to work you have to change your printer settings and even then , the quality is not that great . I would n't suggest this product to anyone . Try Cannon , HP or Epson paper . Much better quality !
 This makes no sense . If the industry standard is 4x6 , why did they , Kodak , cut the paper to 4x6 .5 and then advertise on the carton that it is 4x6 -- yes , I see the fine print on the back side of the carton that reads `` actual paper size is 4x6 .5 `` I still do n't understand why they did this.Now I have cut the pictures down to the correct size ... what a waste of my time !!!!!!!!!!
 The whole object of purchasing 4 x 6 paper is to eliminate some hassles . Well if you have a memory card slot on your printer and just want to print some quick no fuss pictures this is not the paper for you . You will get a to in of white space on one edge . It took me 20 minutes to figure out the paper was off and not my printer setting . Why the heck would I want to crop all of my pictures ? I would like to know the genius who thought that was a good idea or better yet the person who agreed . What a waste of my time and money .
 I just got a Canon MP500 and bought some of this paper because it was clearance priced and I assumed it would be good . I printed a photo on both this and the sample canon glossy 4x6 paper that came with my printer . The canon paper print looked like it came from a photo lab . The kodak paper had print lines visible , the layers of ink were clearly visible , and less detail was visible . I would recommend those with canon printers to stay far away from this paper . At least I did n't spend too much on the paper .
 I bought this paper to use with my Canon i550 printer and there was a HUGE difference in quality between the Kodak paper and the Canon Photo Paper Plus Glossy that came with my printer . The Canon paper delivered spectacular photo-quality results , while the Kodak `` glossy '' paper gave me somewhat of a matte print . Side-by-side , there was more of a grainy texture to the Kodak paper , whereas the Canon paper was very even and flawless . On Kodak 's defense , I do think that the printer/paper combo makes a big difference . Perhaps Kodak paper is simply not compatible with Canon printers . However , I expected better quality from Kodak , since they are the picture experts ! I 'll stick with Canon paper for now ...
 This paper yields inferior results when used with an Epson C84 printer and Epson Durabrite inks . The layers of ink are clearly visible ; on some prints there appears to be a `` crackle '' finish.Epson paper results are consistently excellent .
 This antenna never increased the reception for our Panasonic KX-TG6502B phone . The 658 antenna is attached to the telephone 's antenna with `` twisty ties '' . I called the customer service and never received a return call . I emailed them . I did get a response about 2 weeks later . After 2 emails when they knew I was having problems , I never heard from them again.Don ' t buy ! It does n't work !
 though it does extend a small amount , the attenna in no way performs as it should . i would not suggest purchasing this product to extend range .
 I am a pen freak . I only like bold pens that do not skip . If this sounds like you then do not order these pens .
 I should have read the other reviews instead of believing the misleading name of `` Jetstream Bold Point ... '' I would have returned the pens if the postage was less expensive . I gave the pens one star because they are not bold points which is what I needed .
 The item took nearly two weeks to arrive . There were no instructions included . The answering machine did not work . The voice quality was poor . The only reason I did not send it back immediately was that this is Finals time , I am a college professor with a son also graduating from college and between those two exigencies , I had no time.Bill Daniels
 There is no contouring to this phone at all , and the handset is WAY too small and totally flat . I can never have a decent conversation on this phone because when the earpiece is on my ear , the mouthpiece is 2-3 inches away from my mouth.Also , when I speak , my own voice tends to drown out the person I am talking with.To top it off , the answering machine always blinks , whether there are messages or not . I have to wonder what they were possibly thinking when they designed such a poor phone . If this were a cell phone I might be a little more forgiving of the handset , but since it is a full sized phone and a rather expensive one I expected much , much better.As it stands , I am considering buying another phone altogether , this one is so poorly designed .
 I bought this phone from Amazon one year ago . Great features and good range . I can walk a block away and still use it . However , everyone complains they ca n't hear me . There is no way to turn up the volume of the microphone . Only the received sound . Very annoying . This is the second Panasonic cordless I have owned that has had poor sound .
 The first thing a phone should be is CLEAR . This Panasonic phone may have a lot of bells and whistles , but there is a constant white noise `` hiss '' in the background while talking , and that is very distracting to me . I 've tested the phone line with some other phones , and they have less of a problem . The Panasonic just seems to amplify the noise on the line much more than other phones , and I really expected more from a Panasonic . -LSB- Sermon ON ... -RSB- It seems to me that all these 5.8 GHz cordless phones really suck . I 've tried VTech and Motorola as well , and each came with major defects that required a return . I 'm not sure it really makes sense anymore to buy an expensive phone , because they are all essentially junk nowadays . -LSB- Sermon OFF -RSB- It 's too bad , because otherwise I would say that the phone is very good . Seems well built , easy navigation , comfortable on the ear , good speaker phone . But the sound is just NOT CLEAR , and that 's a killer . They should have taken out the stupid `` voice changer '' and replaced it with some noise reduction circuitry .
 Used this for about a month now , and I regret the purchase.Basically this is a large plastic plate with a thin stick-on sheet for a mouse pad , a non pliable wrist wrest , and stick-on plastic legs for adjusting the height of the keyboard.The regret is the wrist rest which is just so stiff , it actually hurts my wrist.The other regret is I did n't consider how long this thing is , so I ca n't store it under my desk , on the pull-out keyboard table . It 's just too long.Cost prohibitive to return .
 My project is making booklets using 10 to 25 sheets of 24 lb paper , and I sometimes need to add or remove sheets . I have used other binding methods which work okay -LRB- covers with prongs -RRB- but I was looking for an easier way . I had several assorted binding bars from some insurance policies that I tried and they all worked great , so I ordered these C-Line bars because they are supposed to slide on easily and have a 40 sheet capacity . The first thing I noticed about these bars is that the `` jaws '' are firmly shut tight against each other , whereas the the ones I had found around the house were slightly open . I made up some booklets this weekend of just 12 sheets . I found there was no way to force the sheets into the bars without first prying the bars open with a tool . The sheets by themselves were not stiff enough to open the bars . Unfortunately using a tool required 2 hands , one to hold the bar and one to hold the tool , so my wife had to hold the booklet while I got the bar started a few inches up the edge of the sheets . From there I could slide the bar the rest of the way in the normal fashion . Some of the booklets had plastic covers and some plain paper , but it was equally difficult either way.These bars just do not work as advertised . Of course I want them tight enough to hold the booklets together , but not so tight that it takes 2 people to get the sheets into them . I do n't know if it is a poor design or if they are defective . The first time I used a tool -- a small piece of plastic -- to open the jaws , the plastic of the C-line bar cracked . That is how tight and rigid they are , but I was able to use 10 more of them without cracking . I would have sent them back but did n't feel like it was worth the trouble .
 People can only hear you if you talk LOUD or use the handset 's speaker phone.The reception is good until you venture downstairs to your garage , a whopping one floor down.The battery life essentially sucks . The specs list five hours talk time with a six hour charge cycle . These specs were n't listed on the outside of the packaging . Equally annoying , when the battery is low , the stupid phone beeps every damm minute to remind you . Why the F is it necessary to warn you every damm minute ? Morons.I purchased the unit that came with two handsets . Going by the talk/charge cycle specs , you ca n't even use these two phones continuously . You will have to hang up and wait one more hour for the other phone to finish its charge cycle.Only a year or so later , one battery has already failed . It has literally gone from almost five hours talk time to less than three hours overnight . A couple weeks after that , the talk time is down to two hours . This phone with the defective battery does n't even warn you of its impending doom . No low battery warning or whatever . It just dies . The other battery still manages roughly four , but now the downtime is much longer.Do yourself a favor and look at another brand . This model is practically identical to many other 5.8 GHz models Panasonic produces . It is simply a splash resistant version of the others . Most of these use the same defective batteries and have the same sad talk/charge cycles.I will not spend another dime on a Panasonic cordless phone again.If you want this phone you can find mine at Goodwill .
 Mine worked fine for about 6 months.The # 4 key became problematic - having to push down on it twice as hard as all the other keys to key in a phone number.Called Panasonic Tech Support - they told me to just ship it back to them with a note describing the problem . According to the Tech support guy - they do n't issue RMA #s . I 'm timid about just shipping the product back this way - how do I know I 'll ever get it or a replacement back?One would think that an organization as large as Panasonic would have a seasoned RMA system.These Chinese manufactured items are really driving the American Quality Standard down.Use to buy American made products and they 'd last forever.Now we buy imported junk and we 've learned to accept a 33 % failure rate.Look what they are doing to our thinking . Way to go American Business Leaders.Someone should come up with a pure american products web store.Even Amazon should consider such a venture .
 It 's a really great phone , It does ` nt reach out as far as my old Panasonic 2.4 GH .
 I bought this phone on Wednesday and used it for about three days . During my testing , the first problem I noted was that it randomly did not save messages on the answering machine . On the first day I twice called while I was away and left myself messages in order to test the answering machine . When I got home I only had one of the messages . On the second day I called twice again thinking maybe I had done something wrong or that if a message was too short it did n't keep it . When I got home I had both of my messages and one from UPS so I thought I was golden . However , later in the evening I found out that my girlfriend had called , heard my greeting and the beep , and left a message , but it was nowhere to be found on the machine . Basically , the same thing that happened with my message the first day.Okay , so the above problem is bad but I was willing to believe it was just a faulty unit and return it for another of the same model . However this phone suffers from another problem which I believe is probably part of the design and to which I refered in my subject . While I can hear the caller fine and messages that make it to the answering machine are clear and loud ; the person I 'm talking to can barely hear me . After having several people tell me that I sat down for two hours fiddling with the settings and calling my work voicemail to test . Nothing worked , not holding the phone 's mic closer or further from my mouth , not any of the volume settings , not moving closer or further from the set , and not going to a quieter room in the house.Since I doubt a different set would fix this problem I am going to take the phone back and get something else . I 'd recommend people stay away from this phone .
 the main problem with this phone it 's the range . Mine has a range of like 45 feet . It has so many cool function of wich like 80 % are totally use less . So this phone is more like a toy phone . Wish you luck if you buy it .
 Have to agree with # 5 who said earlier the microphone pickup is bad . We 've used this phone for 6 months now and most people ask us to speak up or tell us later they have a hard time hearing us . I have even taken the phone apart and removed a small screen that cover the microphone hole , but it does n't seem to help . There does n't seem to be any settings to help either . SO , in summary a nice looking phone , great featureset but LOUSY microphone pickup .
 We bought this because it seemed like it was cheaper for the same product as other retailers . However , it took FOREVER to put together - SO many pieces , and the shelves within are cardboard , not metal . The whole thing itself needs to be anchored to the wall or it is not very sturdy .
 We bought 2 of these sorters for our sales office to organize all of our literature from the different supply companies we use . It was n't the cheapest option we found but we decided to go with this product due to all of the space it offered and the design . We would be able to secure it against the wall and it would be a convenient way for our salesmen to find what they need quickly . Upon ordering , it stated we 'd have to wait several weeks for it to be shipped . Although we were hoping to have it right away , we decided it would be okay to wait . It took about 3 weeks for the first sorter to arrive and another week for the 2nd to arrive although they were ordered together . The tracking for these packages were both off . I got an email prior to delivery of both packages to inform me that they tried to make the delivery but because no one was in the office , they would have to try again although when I checked , they were in different states and had inaccurate information about expected delivery dates . Upon getting the first sorter , we opened everything up to begin and ALL of the hardware was missing . I looked through the entire box and inside all of the metal shelves because many of the pieces were stored within them , I suppose for safe keeping . I called Safco immediately and although she was very nice , the woman I spoke to urged me to look again and call her back if the pieces were indeed missing . I called again once I double checked and spoke to someone else . She ordered me the screws and fasteners at no charge to our company.We received the 2nd sorter the following week and decided to inspect to make sure the hardware was included in this packaging . Once we found the pieces , we decided to put the sorter together so we could have atleast one up and operable . That 's when we discovered that the plastic trim strips that go on the front of the sorter to hide the cardboard were n't all there . Extremely frustrated after spending over $ 500 on these products , I again called Safco . I expressed my frustration to the customer service representative and after asking to have the additional pieces that were missing shipped overnight to our office , he informed me that the reason those pieces were missing was because they were on BACK ORDER ! I could n't understand why the would ship a product without all the pieces knowing that they did n't have everything they need . We would have been more than understanding if they would 've contacted us to let us know about the back order and that there would be a delay but the only contact we had with them was when I called them . He told me that they do n't have any control over what goes into the box because they get boxed up in Thailand . I asked to speak to a manager after going back and forth about what could be done . At first he refused and after pushing and pushing , he put me on hold and came back on the line a moment later to let me know that the supervisor was away from her desk . Finally we came to the conclusion that they would ship us overnight a whole new sorter so that we could get the parts we needed and toss out everything additional . After wasting enough of my time , I finally decided that if they would send out the new sorter and have it to us by the next day , I would just let it go . I could n't talk to him any longer . Although the package came the next day as promised , it was the wrong sorter . We decided to cut our losses and not contact these morons again . I hope you will think twice before purchasing this product !
 This product was not listed correctly on Amazon . Instead of receiving 3 boxes of folders with 10 in each box , I received 3 folders . In speaking with the shipper , they could only send me 3 boxes of similar folders without the hanging tabs . I would have to purchase the folders I needed for about $ 9 per folder . Very dissatisfied !
 Sometimes these will blot and be a little runny after being closed for awhile . They are not bad color wise , they just are messier than my Hi-Liter brand . I bought since they had blue , but I do n't think I would buy this brand again .
 Every one of the highlighters in this pack is leaking . Not leaking out all over everything , but when you take the lid off , the area of the highlighter that you hold while using it is covered in highlighter ink . It gets all over my hands.The other reviews seem positive , so maybe I just got a bad package - but either way , I 'm not happy about it .
 I do n't expect highlighters to be super florescent but these do n't even make an attempt . Green and blue are way to dark and make the highlighted text difficult to read .
 These particular sharpies -LRB- in this particular single-color 12-sharpie configuration -RRB- run out of ink way faster than normal sharpies -LRB- which also run out of ink way too fast -RRB- . Very disappointing . Source
 Are highlighters old school ? Maybe , but I like them . I 've been using Sharpie Accents for years . I was attracted to the Brite Lighters because a -RRB- they have a nice selection of colors and b -RRB- I 've always found Bic to be a solid , reputable brand . But these highlighters are terrible ! And I did n't just end up with a bad batch . The ink literally runs out within a week or two of useand one is stuck with a dried up non-usable marker . I must admit I 'm surprised , because Bic pens have always been fairly reliable -- but it 's back to Sharpies for me .
 I got these highlighters because I am in school and need to differentiate different parts of what I am reading . After using them only a few times , most of them have started to leak from the tip and get highlighter ink all over my hands ! I 've resorted to carrying around a napkin in my pencil bag with me so I can wipe them off before I use them in order to avoid the mess . Because they 're so cheap I wo n't bother to return them , but when these run out , I 'll be spending the few extra dollars for some highlighters that wo n't leave my hands looking like I just went finger painting .
 The yellow is fine , but the remaining colors are pretty cheap . The orange is a bit too dark to be called a highlighter , more like crossing something out with an orange pen . For the price I paid , I guess its OK . Sharpe highlighers are a bit higher quality .
 I bought this for the colors other than yellow . The pink and blue pens are okay , but the green and orange -LRB- the colors I actually wanted and bought this pack for -RRB- are way too dark . They bleed through standard printer paper and notebook pages and make the other side of the page a mess , and also make it difficult to read the highlighted words . Would n't recommend this for people who actually want to be able to read what they highlight , or keep notes neat and tidy .
 I purchased to use for pricing clothes for a children 's consignment sale I was participating in . I never could get it work right . I had 4 other adults try to get it to work properly . After aggravating myself for way too long trying to get this cheaply made product to work , I threw it away and used safety pins on the clothes instead . Do n't waste your money .
 Phone looked good and worked well for 10 days . Then it stopped working completely . Currently trying to return it . I would look for an alternative model . Very dissappointed .
 I had high expectations but they were not met . I could not go far from the room that had the base without the phone quality dropping like a stone . I liked the speaker-phone feature but for the life of my I could not figure out how to turn it off without hanging up . Finally , everyone I called said I sounded like I was talking on a speaker phone , whether I was or not .
 I loved the features on this phone , but I had the same problem with 2 of these phones . I used a headset and the belt clip with this phone , and the phone dropped and hit my hardwood floor . The phone now only works on speaker and will not work anymore with my headset or on `` Talk '' . This happened on my second phone as well after dropping it from a distance of 1 foot , and now it only works on speaker . How disappointing , and it was not covered for repair under my warranty . Great phone for 3 weeks ! I hope you have carpeting in your home , because this phone ca n't take much abuse .
 I was happy with this phone for a while after I got it but it went wrong too quickly . First , the antenna broke off . We do n't have kids and are only two adults in the house . The phone was not subject to any kind of abuse . We like to take care of our things . But the antenna was just not very sturdy . We also take care to avoid battery memory issues by not charging it constantly , but rather letting it drain the power before placing it to charge on the cradle . Still , the battery life decayed very quickly . Right now , after only 5 years of gentle and casual use -LRB- we use our cell phone much more than the house phone -RRB- it will not hold a charge at all . Even worse , a new battery made no difference . And the battery replacement is too expensive just to try it out . I am very disappointed in this phone . I do n't expect it to last forever , but certainly more than 5 years .
 This phone is not all smiles and laughing and gumdrops
 I got this about a year ago . People complain they ca n't hear me unless I talk really loud . The other phone in our house -LRB- also a panasonic , but a kx-tg2258s -RRB- did n't have this problem , but it just died and displays an ` e3 ' error code . I am finished buying panasonic phones , and for other products I buy , I will consider other brands first .
 I really wanted to like this phone from all the good reviews , but received one with issues , returned it and received another with the same issues ; so it must be the phone model.The below items do not involve using the handset speakerphone feature which requires a `` wait for you '' `` wait for me '' behavior ; just normal handset.-When you first answer an incoming call , you usually have to wait a few seconds for the phone to make available 2 way converstion ; otherwise , you can say hello and the caller ca n't hear you and you ca n't hear them.-During a call using normal handset , background noise and even regular conversation can cause the phone to block the volume of the caller as though you are using the speakerphone feature when you 're actually not . After a few seconds the volume will become audible again . This issue causes bits and pieces of the conversation to go unheard . This happens more on long distance calls than on local calls .
 I purchased this phone because I thought Panasonic made top-quality phones and 5.8 GHz speed gave me the impression that it would be a current edition and easy to program . Turns out , that is n't the case . It only stores the last 7 digits of incoming phone numbers , not all 10 . I live in a large metropolitan city where all 10 digits are required for local phone numbers . When more 10-digit phone numbers are entered into the phone book , a `` 1 '' prefix is added by the phone , making it unsuitable for local calls . I contacted their online customer support several times and only received one reply -- a convoluted reply that did n't answer my question -- so I assumed that the limitations were true . Returned the phone and replaced it with a Uniden TRU-8660 that works perfectly in my area and is easy to program .
 Bought this phone a few months ago to replace old cordless Panasonic 2.4 GHz that died . This is probably the worst phone I 've ever owned.Several reasons :1 -RRB- The range is WORSE than the 2.4 GHz I had ! I used to be able to get great reception in every room of my large one-level home and in my big yard . Now I can only venture about 3/4 of the distance I could before ... and then the connection starts to break up . And I 've given up taking it outside .2 -RRB- The `` voice enhancer '' is useless . It does n't work . The sound is worse than just leaving it in normal mode .3 -RRB- Love the speaker-phone feature in the handset , but it does n't work when you have it sitting in the recharger/base . -LRB- Dumb ! -RRB- It 'd be nice when the battery gets really low to be able to use the speaker phone while it charges . But nope ... if you run out of charge , the phone is useless until it recharges again .4 -RRB- I still ca n't figure out the phone 's weird caller-ID inconsistency . Sometimes it does n't register incoming calls at all ... and worse , it does n't register all missed calls so I can contact people who may not have left a message . And instead of listing each ID in the order it came in , especially duplicate callers , it 'll just put a check mark by a recently called entry ... so you know that person called more than once , but you do n't know when . Yeah , if people leave messages every time they call , this would n't be a problem ... but you know they do n't . I 'm usually not hard to please , but I 'm looking now to replace this phone that is fairly new .
 I was disappointed at how flimsy these envelopes are . To feel confident about mailing anything in them , I have to put additional padding in.I suppose I should not have been surprised when I saw how many envelopes were provided at such a low price .
 The price was pretty good but the paper is thin on these mailers and will tear if you are not careful .
 Size is not as stated . Much smaller . Tears easily . Material seems cheap . If you shipping anything 2 inches or smaller this might work . For me this is an okay product .
 Item is misadvertised . Envelope is 4 and 3/4 inches on the outside , but is less than 4 inches on the inside . With the flap closed is almost 7 a 1/2 inches and the inside is 7 and 1/16 inches .
 The mailers arrived as 25 loose mailers thrown into a large film mailing envelope . The kraft outside paper on the mailer is thin . Keep in mind that the size stated of 4x8 is the outside edge to outside edge , not the inside usable space . The actual useable inside space of the envelope is approx . 3 '' x 6.75 '' if the item is fairly flat . I would suggest securing all the edges with packing tape on these envelopes . These mailers are not as economical as you may think if you need to tape the edges for those items that are not flat and thin .
 This phone has many good features on it and some not that good . . No redial button on the phone , is one example . about 10 months into using this phone the receiver broke ! Called Uniden they sais they will fix it , I expect a $ 150 Phone to last longer than a year !
 Since I work with telecommunications and are therefore familiar with what phones can do . Let me start off with saying what these phones ca n't do as oppossed to what they can do . Flaw # 1
 I really liked the phone , everything worked except the answering machine . I liked it so much I went through four of them . Two from amazon and two from another store . Uniden customer service was good but I was told it was a repair problem and need to be sent back to Uniden . After four tries I think its a manufacturing problem .
 WARNING ! You can not use the corded telephone with a headset . I confirmed with UNIDEN support that this is the case . Overall the telephone is okay , but not being able to use it with a headset renders it useless for me . I wish I had purchased a different telephone .
 I recently purchased this phone and have to say that I am disappointed in the corded base phone . It sucks . For one , the mouth piece/microphone is several inches from my mouth because the overall handset is too short . Two , it has a strange echo sound to it that I immediately disliked . Three , why should I have to set the time and date on a caller ID phone ? This phone was meant to replace my aging Nortel phone but it is n't even in the same ballpark . I am returning the phone and shopping on Ebay for another Nortel .
 I bought this phone to gain headset capability on a corded base while still having a cordless handset . I am returning the phone , as it does not allow the use of a headset on the corded base . Not only does the phone lack a 2.5 mm jack or a second audio port , the base is incompatible with universal headset adapters -LRB- confirmed by Uniden customer service -RRB- . It 's too bad , beacuse the cordless phone audio quality is as good as I 've heard .
 I ordered the base phone and several others to go along with this expandable set and can receive calls but can not make calls . In other words there is no dial tone . So I called Uniden and spoke to a rep. she asked me the usual questions , like did I try the phone is another room , did I try another type of phone , but she never asked me if the phone was plugged into a splitter until I asked her . The reply was the phone does not work with a splitter at all , you must plug it into a phone jack . So buyer beware . I do n't remember seeing this when I bought and spent $ 300.00 for this phone and others from Uniden .
 I ordered this phone as a wall phone . Every website I checked , said it was wall mountable -LRB- including the Uniden site -RRB- . When it came , I read the instruction booklet and is said wall mountable to any standard wall plate , but I could n't figure out how to do it ... so I called Uniden . Uniden claimed it must have been a misprint and they were not responsible for misprints . So it was my problem and they wished me luck getting my money back , but sorry it was n't their problem . Gee , ... just the kind of response that would make you really trust what that company has to say in the future . BE AWARE UNIDEN DOES NOT STAND BY WHAT THEY ADVERTISE FOR THEIR PRODUCTS . !!!!!!! WHAT ELSE DO THEY LIE ABOUT !!!!!
 The phone and speaker phone work fine . My only complaint is that the Caller ID does not work . It logs whom you have called . But does not tell you whom is calling .
 It seemed to good to be true , and it was . Hard to set up , not intuitive , cheaply made . I returned it to Amazon and bought the AT&T 950 which has similar features -LRB- no big buttons -RRB- . It worked without a problem !
 Maximum volume is insufficient for speaker phone which will only operate when handset is in place covering speaker . Neither party can hear very well on speaker phone . Would not buy again or recommend .
 The one I receiived was missing something on the bottom.It wobbled and was defective . Had to return if for a refund.F.Flores-Honolulu , HI.Rubbermaid desk organizer
 The picture is of Musical Scarves and Activities which I ordered , but I got some kind of math chart . Totally ridiculous waste of my time . Somebody needs to fix this mistake .
 I recieved this item broken . Not one button works , nor do you even get a dial tone out of it . It is a beautiful phone and i 'm very disappointed that I have to send it back . I dont recommend purchasing .
 After waiting with much anticipation , I was so very disappointed to see that the disconnect switch was broken off . After inspecting the broken switch , I see that it is plastic inside the phone and metal only covers the visible part . Too bad what a poor design . The phone is really quite nice looking . But because of this flaw I will not order another and do not recommend this item .
 Good morniong I used candle stick phone and the plastic lever that holds the reciever has snaped off . I have disguared phone and will look for a steel type reciever hiolder . Not a really good design for lever holder.Thin plastic .
 Simply put Moab paper is not manufactured consistently . The quality can vary wildly and the people that run the company wo n't own up to that fact . If you get a good batch of paper the quality is excellent for the price point . However , I have printed on quite a bit of Kayenta and Entrada that exhibits many and varied surface defects . Coating that flakes off ; faint surface abrasion that is n't noticeable until you print an image with a lot of ink density -LRB- read skid marks in the shadows -RRB- and loads of dust in some rolls that can make a general mess of your printer and your prints -LRB- invariably the dust blocks ink making it to the surface of the paper and when if finally moves you are left with a white spot -RRB- . Hahnem&uuml;hle paper is more expensive but by the time you get done pitching all the screwed up prints you end up with when using Moab products I 'd say the cost is the same -LRB- especially if you count your time and frustration -RRB- . Having worked in a darkroom for years I expect my inkjet paper to be as reliable as my photo paper . Not so with Moab . For a budget proofing paper try the Illuminata available through Inkjet Art and the papers available through Red River . Both brands are head and shoulders above Moab with regard to quality control .
 I ca n't review the product as sold by Incognito Pictures as the phone I received was the wrong one . Ca n't tell if it s mix up by Amazon or Incognito Pictures , but it 's a bit of a pain to order something overnight only to get the wrong product .
 I ordered this believing it to be 8 1/2 by 11 . Not so , it is 17 by 11 . Size is not clear on the listing . Have had wonderful luck using the Ilford Galerie paper when printing home photos .
 Got this item , the folding crease breaks as soon as you use it , sent it back , got another one , same problem , very expensive for a product that breaks so easily ...
 I 've used my T3 with a WIFI adapter for international travel and day to day richness . The T3 stylus differs from that used with other Palm Pilots ' . Like the device , it expands . Boxwave 's version does even more -- it holds a small ballpoint pen tip for that critical written note . After years of MACs and BlackBerries , I 've just gone back to the T3 . It is a lightweight powerhouse that conveniently does what I need , quickly and with few mistakes . Old fingers still manage to print Graffix , reliably . The battery is long lived.While I 'm at it , let me rave about Boxwave . This company has remarkably useful devices which can be used wherever you go . My favorites include charger/adapters which can be used in cars and plugs around the world . Boxwave 's designs are smart , prices are reasonable , they take up little space , and hold up well.Good company .
 I had this phone for about 6 months and then it just died on me . No power or anything , even after trying a different AC adapter so either I was unlucky with my particular phone or this phone 's quality is low like its price . I really liked it when it worked ! Just keep your receipts in case it dies and you need to get it fixed under warranty .
 I 've had this notebook a couple days and it 's already starting to fall apart . The ring is unwinding , and there are no slits on the dividers to put papers in . Would not purchase
 I am looking for a system to replace a Siemens 8825 . The 8825 has , in my opinion , the best set of functions of anythingcurrently available but I have some reliability issues with it . I first tried the Motorola 7081 and found that unsatisfactory.My next attempt was the Panasonic KX-TG6700B . This phone has decent volume and clarity at the base . The handset has good clarity and range but the volume could use a little help . The base layout is ok but the way you turn on the answering machine at the base is silly . The handset feels light and chintzy . The clarity of the outgoing messages on the answering machine is poor . The base is ugly ; what were they thinking?Anyway , it ok , not wonderful . But since I could n't get the answering machine to save messages on either line -LRB- it 's defective -RRB- I sent it back . Back to the drawing board .
 Cr * ptastic!I have had good luck with prior Panasonic phones , both corded and cordless . Unfortunately , I am now very frustrated with this unit and Panasonic 's tech support.First , the design flaw . I have four other phones/devices in my house that accurately read and display CallerID information . This unit refuses to display the CallerID information at all . The cause is likely the DSL that is also part of this line . Despite having the DSL filter in-line , as recommended in the manual , this phone just fails to display the info ... even at the same time other phones are happily displaying CallerID during the same call!Next , the UI stinks . Why , if the phone correctly gets time from CallerID data , does n't the system set its own clock automatically ? Dumb . My 4-year old AT&T ; phone does ... Also , when idle , the handset displays the # of missed calls . Why not display a clock as well ? ... again , my older AT&T ; and Panasonic phones do.On one line and want to answer the other when it rings ? Press HOLD * twice * -LRB- page 27 of the manual -RRB- . What ? That makes no sense!I wish I had n't thrown out the boxes when I first got this . I 'd return it in a heartbeat ... Finally , when I called Panasonic to report the CallerID flaw , they wanted me to send the base unit to them * at my expense * after just 5 days of ownership . They would send me a refurbished unit 5-10 days later . No exceptions . What a joke !
 I 've had this phone over a year now . It was always hard to balance between one 's shoulder and ear because of the strange shape . The reception was good but I use it as a netphone and had some problems with the being able to hear people but they could n't hear me . That was when I knew my connection was n't so good so in fairness I do n't know if it was the phone or the connection . But what turned me off big time because I have to dial long winded , long distance numbers , is that when you dial the same number twice in a row , the person or computer on the other line receiving the number thinks it is one number , not two . So , for example , if you dial 1,1 or 2,2 or 3,3 you have to pause distinctly between dialing and be careful of that all the time . If I speed-dial it 's not a problem , but if I manual dial , it is a problem . A phone this expensive should n't have a problem like that . Then , just in the past few days the base station buttons stopped working ! First the review message button ... the circular one with the light ... did n't work so I had to use the handset to review messages and now ALL the buttons on the base station do not work whereas the handset buttons still work . I had a panasonic 900MHz phone before this for 4 or 5 years and it 's sound quality was better than this . Yes the recording playback quality of this is very good but I am really disappointed that this phone has failed after about 14 months . The buttons are good , however and show no wear after this time in the symbols . But ergonomically and the two digit glitch along with the base-station crapping out on me is surprising for a phone of this caliber .
 Panasonic downsized the regular 5.8 ghz phone , and the Battery is Smaller . Range is not as good as the larger 5.8 ghz but is ok sound is ok but not excellent . Big problem is that phone is too small and the keypad is more like a cellphone size.How did panasonic let this phone get to development?Not an Improvement . i am returning it and buying the older 5.8 Ghz Panasonic phone -LRB- the one with the external antenna -RRB- . I love panasonics , but sometimes More is More.Jacob
 Advertised as a `` giga '' range phone , you would not suspect range to be a problem . When you need range beyond 30-40 feet and do n't get it , the phone system becomes worthless no matter how good the features are . I am back to my 2.4 ghz Panasonic which has range , but bad battery life and interferes with other wireless devices.This may have been a simple fix if Panasonic had provided an external antenna port on the base unit .
 The Panasonic KX-TG6700B -LRB- or no `` B '' -RRB- is a great 2 line phone . It is perhaps discontinued now but I have a couple of systems and they 've been working flawlessly for 3-4 years . One of them stopped registering the handsets , meaning recognizing them . So I looked to buy a `` base '' the mother phone , but this is no longer availabe . I found one on Amazon , `` used '' sold by a company named GoldStandardsInc , no spaces but be aware it might be Gold Standard Inc. !! for $ 119.00 so I happily placed my order.A few days later I received a really worn out looking , dirty base phone with two handsets of a totally diferent model , ONE line only system . This was frankly a piece of junk since even the batteries in the handsets were incapable of holding any charge -LRB- tried them for hours -RRB- so that I could test the phone.Amazon , after some deliberation time -LRB- about 8-10 days in all -RRB- contacted the vendor and finally refunded all the money includind the shipping . Ok to Amazon but shame on the vendor . They wasted my time and messed my plans on using the system in my small office . So my review is NOT on the KX-TG6700 series , which is a good system , but on such a creepy vendor
 Who ever paid $ 1000 for this phone ? I paid about $ 110 at a big box store . There is a racket where companies get one person -LRB- usually an employee -RRB- to purchase an item at a phone `` list price '' to get around the law . I expect better of Amazon .
 I bought this phone and 5 extra handsets and the headphone jack design is defective - all headsets have failed more than once and I can no longer afford to pay $ 40 a pop just to fix the poorly designed defective handsets .
 I have used this phone in my home office for about 12 months . One month after purchase from Amazon , a remote phone unit failed . It was replaced at no charge . Now , the base unit stops working unexpectedly , with no dial tone until the AC power cord is unplugged and then reconnected . I have bought several Panasonic phones during the past 20 years , but this model 's reliability is the worst .
 Bought base unit and 6 handsets . Worked fine , but the base unit stopped responding after 6 mos . Fortunately , I can still connect THROUGH the base unit to the outside . Panasonic says send it back for a ten day turnaround . That 's 10 days without a phone or 911 access ! So if you buy this , buy two base units so you will be able to use one while the other is in for repair !
 This product has failed completely . Each of the two lines began to deteriorate within weeks and now the phone set is unusable . We had the phone compnay in to check every connection and phone , and it is the phones . I still have to connect with Panasonic about repair or replacement , and I might like to keep them if salvagable . But , caveat emptor .
 Purchased system figuring it would be better than my old Siemens 2.4 GHz system . Unless you live in a tiny house , forget it . Bad reception from as little as 20 feet away . Also , handsets can not be named so you have to memorize where handsets are by number when paging or transferring calls .
 I had to pause & write a comment , since I have this phone & I am looking for a replacement . Based on all the positive comments , perhaps I was unlucky enough to receive a lemon . This system fails at the primary purpose of a phone , to have a clear/understandable conversation . the sound quality is system is at best disappointing . I tested other phones on the lines to confirm that the hardware was the problem . Other phones were clear , with good volume .
 Although it worked fine for a couple of years , this phone and the customer service from Panasonic turned out to be a headache , and I would not recommend that anyone buy this phone or any other Panasonic phone for that matter.I own two of these phones ; I have two separate bases , one with two handsets and the other with one handset . Around the same time , after being used for only two years , the answering systems on both phones began to malfunction . I could no longer delete messages or record a new voicemail greeting . The phone itself still worked fine , but it was of no use to me without a functioning answering system.This product , which was supposed to be top-of-the line , obviously has some sort of design error or manufacturing error . I used the answering machine quite infrequently , so the problem could not be attributed to overuse . The fact that both phones are showing similar symptoms leads me to believe that there is a major fault in this model.The only advice I received from the customer service representative from Panasonic was to a -RRB- send them in to get fixed for a service charge of $ 80 per phone , b -RRB- buy a new phone , or c -RRB- send them in and receive replacement , refurbished Panasonic phones . The `` help `` they offered me was disgusting . There is no way I will ever touch a Panasonic product again , and there is no way I can go without a phone for a long period of time in order to send it to Texas for repairs.Do NOT buy this phone if you are looking for a quality product .
 the cabinet is constructed decently , the lock mechanism is prone to failure and seems like a poor quality lock . better than leaving your keys lying on the counter , but i would rather have something with a better lock .
 It was n't clear when the boxes would ship , and the company did n't respond quickly to my email . When I cancelled as I needed to know immediately about shipment , the company responded in a very rude manner . And was rude several times in email - and I mean rude ! I would never treat a customer in this manner . This is written by Deb .
 This item is not as advertised . I received the LED lights . But there was no connector , only bare wires coming out . No connector whatsoever . This is just a scam . Do not buy!Update : So I actually bothered to fix the bare wire issue and hook it up to my own connector , but only 2 of the 5 LED 's worked ! Unbelievable .
 The product specs claim a male and female 4 pin , 12v connector . It is only a male connector with 2 pins in a 4 pin housing . Item description say 's it comes with 2 sided velcro - it does not ! The label say 's it all - MADE IN CHINA.I wo n't return it because it would cost almost as much as the product .
 3 of 5 phones are not working properly . Works with system fine but phones have to be reset frequently . Not a great phone in my opinion
 I was sent a wrong item . I received something totally different that I did n't order . I had to return it .
 After weeks of troubleshooting I have given up . Can not get my Mac to recognize the device -LRB- at least not as anything resembling a scanner . -RRB- It can apparently scan , or at least recognize a barcode enough to produce a `` beep '' , but only once , and without any readout on screen , and the scanner then turns itself off immediately .
 As other reviewers have stated , it worked once , beeped and then shut off . For some reason , it is not compatible with Macs . I would like to know why , could n't get a hold of anyone at the manufacturer so I returned it to Amazon .
 This product did n't work with my system , and I was unable to get in touch with customer service to find answers to my questions.When I plugged it into my Mac OS X it thought it was a keyboard . Then when I tried scanning library barcodes in iiiRunner each code had an A proceeding it and a B at the end . I tried calling , emailing , and looking on the company 's website for help , but did n't get replies and could n't find anything relating to the scanner . So I returned it .
 This scanner worked fine in the beginning - but functionality dropped off after 6 weeks -LRB- about 2,000 scans -RRB- - to the point where it became worthless .
 Absolute junk.Bought one , never worked at all out of the box . Never once transmitted a code.Played with all the settings , etc , etc , no go.Called Adesso . Here 's the fun part . They offer a 1-800 number , yet no one answers it or returns messages . If you want service , you have to call the direct phone number . Nice trick.So , they figure it 's defective , send me a new one . First , that shipment was slow . Second , despite promising the would n't , they charged my card for it.Third , the new unit did n't work either.Now I get to call them , again on my own dime , and try to send 2 of these useless items back.Stay away . Useless item , useless service .
 This is NOT a Laser bar code reader . Beam is very wide and thick , not good for tight close bar codes like serial numbers on equipment
 As other posts have noted , I plug it in and it chimes a few times , but when I try to scan something it beeps once then turns off . Have to unplug/replug usb to get back on.It brings up the `` unidentified keyboard '' dialog , and I can not get past that . I even tried printing out the ASCII 39 chart and scanning the `` z '' as per the IBM AT keyboard . No luck . I tried the start confuguration/reset/end configuration codes , did n't help . Tried setting to a MAC keyboard , did n't help.I also tried it on a Windows XP box , and got the same results.I returned it .
 Product dead on arrival.Unable to get through to anyone at telephone or e-mail customer service.Returned for refund .
 I would not recommend this to anyone . I got this thinking it would come with all the normal features all of the other scanners did -LRB- i.e. thick manual that had different options , such as lower case , etc. . . -RRB- Sent it back because I could n't use it at all ... The manual that it came with was only a few pages and no advanced settings.Also , if you try to get support over the phone or via email ... it wo n't help . They do not respond to multiple emails and phone calls . The people that made this product are Adesso.com . Will not purchase their cheap junky products in the future.PS - I normally do not like to write bad reviews , I just had to let everyone know how bad this scanner was ...
 I purchased this bar code scanner to organize a large DVD colection . Thinking it would input the Title and any other information contained in the bar code , it only recorded the numbers that are beneith the code . That does me no good . I contacted the manufacturer , telling them what I wanted to do , and was told I would need a second party software . When I again asked what type of software they could recomend , they did n't have any suggestions . I can away with the feeling ; `` You bought it , now deal with it '' . I did n't even try to call the toll free number after reading other reviews saying thay could not get any answer on the phone.Shipped it back to Amazon , and was refunded the full price without a hitch . I 'll keep looking for a scanner that does what I want it to .
 I had this product for a very short amount of time , in the interest of fairness I will say the sound quality was great and loved the comfort of the set . This was a purchase for a new home office . Loved the features listed to pick up calls remotely , adjust volume and great distance from the base . My only complaint and reason for returning it , is that the unit by itself is not completely wireless . After I received it I learned I had to have a headset lifter device to get it to answer using the headset , when I heard `` simply purchase the add on and tape it to the phone '' I decided this product was not the one for me . If you have a commercial land line this would be a great product . If looking to add on to a standard personal phone -LRB- home office -RRB- , be prepared to tape the lifter to your phone .
 Wireless is wireless - the product review state good receiption I beleive up to 300 ft. This headset when in a range that it likes works well , but as soon as you are about 100 ft away the receiption gets poor continuously cutting out so you miss half the conversation . If you plans are to use this product in the same room as the base set - it 's good , but not recommended for someone wanting to travel around the house or offices .
 Tried to set up with Cisco SPA525G2 phone , but it did not work at all -LRB- the phone did work with another model of Plantronics headset . -RRB- After 12 days of confirmed returning of the device , still have not received any indication for refund .
 The first set I ordered was defective -LRB- you could n't hear any sound coming through the mouthpiece -RRB- . So , I returned and requested a replacement - same problem . When I decided to just get my money back and try a different option I had to pay a `` restocking fee '' . Lesson learned ; buy your sensitive electronics locally where you have some recourse to test the item before taking it home -LRB- and racking up a restocking fee -RRB- .
 I bought this to replace aPanasonic DECT 6.0-Series Dual-Handset Cordless Phone System with Answering System -LRB- KX-TG1032S -RRB- that I use with a wired dual headphone headset attached to the phone . I wanted to get something I could walk around with without having a cord snagging on things.A little background for my use : I work at home , in a basement office located on the back side of my house . The home has aluminum siding -LRB- not the great for radio signals to get in or out of -RRB- and is about 2,000 square feet . I often need to talk on the phone outside in the back yard in a storage shed -LRB- mini warehouse -RRB- that 's about 10 feet away from the basement window where the home office is located . I also will occasionally go out front to the mailbox while I 'm on the phone as well -LRB- mailbox is about 30 feet from the front of the house -RRB- and sometimes I 'll also need to go in the garage while talking on the phone.I 'm on the phone pretty much all day or have it attached to me all day so I can take calls from customers . Typically , cordless phone is on my hip , headset around my neck , cord between . You get the picture . I was really excited to try this thing out.The Good : - Sound quality is good - Comfort is adequate -LRB- after 6-7 hours I had to re-adjust it -RRB- - It is cordless and with an included lifter works great ! - The ringer on it was pleasant - Customers indicated they could hear me clearly - Battery life seems adequate for a full day 's work -LRB- 6-7 straight hours on the phone -RRB- - Easy to installThe Bad : - Range was HORRIBLE !! -LRB- see below -RRB- - The `` getting close to out of range '' warning is n't soon enough - It crackled & popped and struggled to find a signal - It would lose signal walking outside the house or even down the hallMore on above : Range in the house : I let it fully charge up -LRB- overnight plus about 5 hours the day before -RRB- before I tried it . While in my office within about 5 feet of the device , it worked great ! If I walked down the hall -LRB- about 30-40 feet -RRB- , it 'd start to beep the `` warning
 this is a one year product , i bought over 8 of them , after one year , they just stop working for many reasons , contacted plantronic , they asked to ship it back for low price replacement , after i sent it back , they asked me to pay $ 180 for a new one , really ! so i end up not buying it they kept my broken one , sounds like a deal -LRB- for them -RRB-
 I love the Dymo Labelpoint 250 labeler so I ordered two . Unfortunately , both of them were defective -- one would not advance the labeling tape ; the other one would n't print what was keyed in accurately , sometimes compressing characters . The good news is that the seller took them back and gave me a full refund in a timely manner . Amazon was great at following up to make sure my concern was resolved to my satisfaction .
 risk of suffocation on infants & babies , the bell 's small ball was in our child 's mouth!almost got suffocated!DO NO BUY IT !
 It worked OK at the beginning . The build was not great but it seemed to be able to last for a while . Then something totally unexpected happened - the chain hanging the center piece broke , so the bell does n't work any more . This happened within 2 hours after I opened the box -LRB- I did n't abuse it and did anything unusual to it -RRB- .
 Piece of crap ... avoid . The huge problem with this thing is that it 's not deep enough to allow the file holders to hang without touching the bottom . The result is that the file holders raise up and off the track . Total garbage . FYI , I found much better storage boxes without the depth problem at Staples and they were less expensive .
 I use this size label for shipping stuff via UPS and the USPS . I thought I would spend the extra $ on Avery , they 've been making shipping labels since the Puritans shipped their stuff to the New World . They have some good features - easy to peel from the backing , they cover well and the ink dries instantly - BTW these work perfectly with either laser or inkjet printers . I 've had no problems with the printing aspect . It 's the adhesion aspect that is a problem - these guys like to peel at the edges . No matter how much I rub and burnish them , they usually peel at least a little , sometimes a lot . They 're better on coated cardboard like the USPS Priority Mail boxes , worse on regular cardboard boxes . The smoother the surface , the better they stick . That 's true with most adhesives , but these labels are designed to be used on boxes , and should stick perfectly to all types , especially at this price .
 I bought these for my new laser printer and they smudged terribly even after waiting hours . I had to reprint on regular paper and tape the labels on the packages I was mailing .
 Product does not appear to be genuine Avery labels . They do not peel off properly and once used they do n't stick as well . When received , the package was not sealed which led me to believe they were not an Avery product . Comparing one of these labels to the back of an Avery label clearly shows they are not the same . I had ordered 2 boxes and since I had opened one of them , I kept it , but returned the other .
 When I first tried to print a label I realized it printed the label then the receipt on where my second label should have been . I contacted customer support they told me to use the Microsoft Office template and convert the pdf into a jpeg and crop it then print it well i did all that and two labels came out but the barcode was so blurry there was no way that it would be able to be scanned .44 It says on the package `` works with USPS Click N Ship '' but the customer support guy seemed to have no idea what I was talking about . Bad customer support I finally looked through USPS and apparently there is a way t o print something called a 2-up label where it only prints half too bad I already paid 40 for a bunch of labels and now I cant go t my shipping history and choose to do the 2-up thing.These things have been more trouble than they are worth any time you convert a pdf to jpg its gon na mess with the barcode . I think this product woud have been fine if the customer support had known what they were talking about .
 The label is friendly to a printer but it does not adhere well on regular cardboard boxes . I applied 16 labels on 8 cardboard boxes . After 2 hours , all 16 label curled up and started falling off from the boxes . I was scared . Fortuantely I caught the problem before UPS came to pick the boxes . I tried hard to press the label to make them stick but it did not help too much . Eventually I had to tape them down . Very frustrating!I used to use Uline labels , which are thinner but stick to boxes much better . I switch to Avery Internet labels this time to save some money . A big mistake . I do not understand why Avery did not test them on cardboard boxes .
 Extremely uncomfortable ergonomic chair . Researched this for 1 year but was unable to actually sit in this particular model . Adjustable tilt function does not work either and Office Star admitted this design \ marketing error.More of my money down the drain .
 do you hate trying to find the end of the roll and loading your tape dispenser ? this tape is so thin and brittle - it tears and you have to feep reloading . i bought a whole case and threw it out !
 My less than a year old AT&T ; 1817 has earned my complete mistrust . Some important messages became mysteriously inaccessible on it while I was making arrangements to have some major surgery . More have disappeared since.I will replace this ... as soon as I can find a reliable answering machine.Save your money for an appliance that will do the job .
 Bottom line - up front . This product is defective . I bought two of them . One for myself , the second for my mother . Neither one operates properly . The system does n't even properly answer in-coming calls . And it got worse once a message was left on it . I am returning them both .
 Good phone but bad sound -LRB- when you make a greeting message interlaced with music -RRB- I had to return the unit E.S.
 Well I had hoped to replace my separate caller id and voice mail flashing light boxes with the built-in functions of this phone , but ... the caller id function does not work . It will not scroll through all the calls received , and I found the new call light failed to flash when I had voice mail to receive , and it was impossible to turn off the new call light , I thought the phone was a defect and Amazon exchanged it , but the new one failed the same way . AT+T / Lucent 800 number in the manual was of no help either ...
 People complain all the time that they ca n't hear me when I speak on this phone . It does not matter if its the headset or the speaker . I even get cut off by answering machines who think I am not speaking . I do not recommend this phone .
 this phone has all the makings of a great device . very good button layout , all the functionality one should need , a pleasant feel in the hand , an attractive package . BUT IT SUCKS!the sound is nearly unusable . on the handset , people tell me i sound really quiet . on the speakerphone , they can barely hear me . on the headset , they ca n't hear me at all . additionally , the speakphone output fades away when there 's even a little bit of ambient noise in the room -- this is a common problem with home office phones but it 's exceptionally bad on this model.i 've tried returning this phone and getting a new one a couple times but to the same result . i contacted AT&T to see if they could help but they gave me the cold shoulder . it 's no use -- this phone is awful.i really want to like this phone but it ca n't . i 'm only holding on to it until i can find a good , corded , two-line phone that works . any suggestions ?
 Excellent features for the price . However , the speakerphone is horrible . LCD Screen also `` bugs out '' and I have to keep unplugging the phone .
 I purchased this phone primarily for it 's speakerphone feature . I work from home a lot and have to dial into conferance calls . Everyone tells me they ca n't hear me very well at all through the speakerphone . Also , when I pick up the handset and speak into it , people tell me they ca n't hear me well so I have to put my lips directly on the bottom slits of the handset . This causes the volume in my earpiece to be way too loud so I have to hold it against my lips , but an inch away from my ear . Absurd ! I would have returned this phone had I gotten my act together within the 30 day money back window . -LRB- Who knows , maybe I got a defected one and I just think they all work like this . -RRB- I would try another phone if you are looking for good speakerphone functionality . -LRB- The only cool things about it are the mute button , the nice display for Caller ID capabilities and the 2 line functionality -RRB- .
 I bought this Southwestern Bell caller ID phone solely because I wanted something inexpensive and small for my desk . What a mistake ! Every time I get a call , I have to lift the entire unit close to my face to see the caller ID . Sometimes when I pick up the handset to make a call , I do n't get a dial tone until I click on the cut-off button.It looks nice , but feels cheap . Even for the slight cost , this phone is not worth the money . Although it stores a sizeable list of incoming calls , erasing the list takes a fair amount of time if you 've built up more than a few calls.Buy yourself a more expensive phone . This one is n't worth the effort of ordering .
 I purchased a sleekline telephone about a year ago . There is a design flaw in that the Flash button is actually a bar that is located near the mouth piece . The location of this bar makes it easy to mistakenly press it with one 's chin or cheek . I 've cut off countless phone conversations due to this fact . Aside from cutting off one 's conversation , the rest of the phone works well .
 Pro
 I was very disappointed in this phone because it only lasted 4 months before it started making loud noises during conversations . I was surprised that Southwestern Bell would tolerate such defects in their workmanship .
 I purchased three of these phones when I added caller ID to my service . I was disappointed when I started to notice a clicking/humming sound on all three phones . I moved phones aroundto no avail . My 1 Radio Shack and GE phone were fine . I took the phones to a friends house , plugged them in and got the same problem . I contacted the manufaturer , who of course , told me they had no complaints ? Additionally , the caller ID box is too small and angled in the wrong place . You need to mount the phone about 7 feet up in order to see the screen . The only thing I liked about it was the back-lit dial and event though it had alot of humming/clicking the volume was good . I returned all 3 phones , which I purchased at 3 different locations over a 2 week period . All the lot numbers were different , so I do n't suspect it was a batch problem . Back to the drawing board on this one SW !!! Now I have to find a phone that works better . The AT&T 240 is suppose to be a better buy , we shall see : -RRB-
 I bought two phones , this one and the ATT 240 . The only thing good about this phone is it works ; however , the sound is bad , and the caller ID hard to read . The ATT 240 works much better , period .
 Iwall mounted it -LRB- had a hard time winding the `` hard wired '' cord -RRB- . In that position it is impossible to read Caller ID . That feature -LRB- ? -RRB- is useless . Ring & sound OK . I think I am going to look for a better phone and move this one to the basement or garage
 if your looking for something cheap then i guess go with this , but there will be a hassel . its impossible to put on the wall , and after awhile , you can barley read whose calling you . after a few months i gave up on it and threw it away . not worth the cheap price . go with something more expensive .
 I purchased this phone for the Caller ID feature , it seemed a good buy for the price and compact . But after only one week , I pick up the phone to dial and the buttons go wacko , blinking , and hanging up any calls I may be lucky to get through ! I was very disappointed b/c of the usually reliable brand name . I will definitely NOT keep this one or recommend it !
 I have had the freedom phone trimline fm2552 for over a year now and i still have to turn it a certain angle towards the lighting in my home to see my incoming calls on the caller-id . By the time i figure out who has called , they have hung-up ! Other than that feature , it works alright .
 My main complaint is there is NO call waiting caller id -LRB- If I would have known that I would n't have purchased it -RRB- ... Just the standard caller id is included with this slim white phone . The lcd display is alittle small so you need to squint to see whos calling you . Good little phone to have next to the computer though .
 If this phone works , it will only work for about two weeks . You first lose the Caller ID and then you can not dial on it . This is a disposable phone .
 This phone makes it sound like there is an echo . There is also alot of crakling .
 I purchased this phone to replace an exact -LRB- I thought -RRB- same one that I have had for years and that had a problem with the buttons . This phone is NOT the same as the older one . The Caller-Id display is hard to read , the ring sound and volume is difficult to hear from another room , and the phone just seems to be inferior to my previous phone .
 This phone was a piece of junk . I called the phone number that was sent to me and was promise a full refund and got nothing but a phone that came to me BROKEN . The cover over the caller ID was smashed , then when I plug in the phone it had a LOUD buzzing noise , the numbers didnt work , you couldnt call out at all , but even if you could theres still the buzzing noise !!! The box was crushed and the box they sent it in should have been tossed 5 years ago , then they blame it on UPS saying they caused the damage . I was told to keep the phone so UPS could look at it because they would make a report to them on the damage , when I told them the box it was sent in was worn out they ignored me and said just keep it , well I still have it 4 weeks later ... no refund , broken phone , beat up box , shame on you !!!
 when chatting on the phone , my cheek pushed the button on the handset accidentally hanging up on the person .
 A tin sounding feedback of my own voice . Unit is too small to hold comfortably for any length of time . Key pad too small to use consistently without error . For $ 100 seems like a toy rather than a durable electronic device . I returned the phone and am researching for replacement .
 We thought that a small cordless phone would be a great idea . Boy were we wrong . It 's like having to talk on your cell-phone at home . The phone is unomfortable to hold for long periods of time and it has that same tin-can like sound-quality that you get from the tiny speakers they put in cell phones . Also , for a products that cost $ 100 it looks and feels cheap .
 Theoretically , this is a great phone . It looks nice , feels good -LRB- solid and not too bulky -RRB- , has reasonable sound quality and range , and a headset jack . As a bonus , it has a compartment with an extra battery in the back of the base , for those long conference calls . Perfect.Unfortunately , it suffers from one fatal flaw - the battery . When we bought the phone , we immediately noticed that the battery life was n't exactly long ; if we did n't always return the handset to the base , it would run out.Now , less than a year later , both batteries die suddenly a few minutes into the first call , no matter how long we leave it on the charger . To make matters worse , the replacement battery does n't appear to be one of the standard ones available at local stores -LRB- which have a wide selection -RRB- , so we ca n't replace the batteries ; we 're forced to buy a new phone.Don ' t buy this phone ; it 's unusable . A pity , because in every other respect this is a great product .
 I bought this phone for its sleek design and affordable price . The first problem I encountered , after the warranty had expired , is the famous battery problem these phones face . No amount of charging or battery swapping could remedy the poor performance of the phone . I would be cut off 15 minutes into the conversation . The second problem I recently faced was the degradation of the sound quality down to unintelligible sounds . Finaly the phone started muting my conversation at random intervals . Very poor performance for a phone .
 Both batteries died within a year of minimal use . Backup battery seemed like a good idea , but what good is 2 dead batteries ??
 About a year after purchasing this phone , it started showing symptoms that the battery was going bad because the handset would stop functioning after 30 minutes of use despite letting it sit in the base for hours . Replaced it with a new battery , and it worked for about a week or so , but then it went completely dead . We do n't spend a lot of time on the phone , so it 's not like we overused it to death in a matter of weeks . Very disappointed with this phone . I 'd rate it 0 stars if that option were available
 The quality of sound is terrible . When I plugged in the headset , it did n't get any better - especially for the other party . There 's some kind of an echo . I also bought AT&T H8500 which is almost exactly the same phone and it has the same problems.I like the size . I also like the fact that it charges a spare battery . When power goes out , the spare battery temporarily powers the base so that you do n't lose the use of your phone .
 This is the worse piece of junk I have ever bought , AT&T should be ashamed of themselves !!!!! The battery life is really short , it disconnects the call when you answer but worse than all that I feel like I am talking in a tunnel . I am now searching to replace this phone !
 Battery life ... what battery life ?! This should be a great phone . It has a spare modern design - in sharp contrast to most of the current phones , which seem to be aimed at a 13-15 year old demographic - , excellent transmission clarity , power outage backup , etc. . One small problem though . The phone dies after only a minute or two of talk time . I 've switched batteries , purchased new batteries ... nothing works . Do n't buy this phone unless you want to use it as a bit of post-modern electronica art .
 When I ordered this phone I put too much trust in the ATT&T brand . It feels so light it 's like a toy and slippery to hold . It does n't easy sit in the base and as a result when it 's hung up it often does n't sit in the cradle to recharge correctly . I revisted the site , carefully read customer reviews and found them very insightful . Amazon provided excellent service and allowed me to return it and order a new phone which I am very pleased with .
 Like other reviewers , I have been unhappy with my At & T phone . I purchased my phone eight months ago and have had to replace the handset battery twice . Batteries in other cordless phones I 've owned have lasted for years.The delay between pusing the answer button and being able to talk is also annoying.Like most electronic products today , there are too many features on the AT&T phone . The instructions are complex too.As some have commented , the hand set is too small and uncomfortable to use.I would not buy this product again and if the battery fails again in the next six months , I 'll throw the whole unit in the trash .
 Granted I 'm picky about pretty much any appliance , but this one is not worth the AT&T name . AT&T used to make great phones ; sadly this seems to indicate things have gotten worse . My complaints about this phone are many :1 -RRB- Sound quality is absolutely terrible . I do n't just mean semi-terrible , but really bad . There 's often an echo of your own voice , and both ends sound staticky . Volume is adjustable , at least , but not easily , and no setting gets rid of the static . It 's maddeningly bad and at this point I do n't think it 's possible to get used to it .2 -RRB- Answer delay . Others have mentioned it and so will I. Never have I owned a phone that when you picked up a call , it would wait two seconds before cutting in the mic and the speaker . This is frustrating in the extreme , and has n't gotten any easier to live with over the course of a few months .3 -RRB- Difficult features . Speed-dial can be accessed only by pressing a succession of buttons ; there is no handy `` MEM '' button like on most other phones with speed-dial . The other buttons on the handset are downright complicated to figure out .4 -RRB- Poor reliability . Sometimes I 'll pick up a call and the phone will go completely dead . It wo n't respond to any button input after that for several seconds if at all . Other times it has cut out -- for reasons unrelated to the battery , which was charged -- in the middle of a conversation . This does n't happen often -LRB- maybe once or twice a week , which is a small fraction of calls -RRB- but it should n't happen at all . Cell phones are much more reliable .5 -RRB- Bad ring . The ring of the handset makes it difficult to find ; somehow it 's not as `` directional '' a sound as the ones made by other phones , so it 's hard to find by ear . It 's also an exceptionally loud ring , and too shrill for comfort.Overall this is one of the worst phones I 've ever used . It was purchased on the strength of its brand name . My family owned an excellent AT&T cordless for years before it finally died after a long life , and we 've hit a string of disappointments with other brands ever since ; that string remains unbroken.If you like reliable phones with good sound quality , enjoy answering your phone as soon as you hit the button , like cordless handsets you can find while they 're ringing , and do n't need any more frustrations in your life , then DO NOT buy this phone .
 The features are great , but the sound quality and range are poor . My old Phonemate sounds much better and has a longer range .
 The worst cordless phone I have ever owned . It buzzed . Its sound quality sounded like the PA system on a comercial jet . And to add insult to injury , when you dial it makes this ridiculously loud chirping sound , which can not be defeated , anouncing to everyone in the house that you are making a call ! A piece of crap I returned it promply .
 I wanted the `` all in one '' phone . Features offered work fine , but the sound quality -LRB- white noise -RRB- in background is really very bad . Standing next to base is same , no difference . Of course , what do I expect for -LSB- the price -RSB- . Spend the extra dollar and get a better phone !
 Exchanged already once.Hangs up about every 20 calls . The annoying static from the headset -LRB- s -RRB- I 've tried plugging into this is beyond belief -- Awful!And I use this for business ! How embarassing!AT & T / Lucent should be embarrased on this one !
 This phone can not hold a charge and is constantly cutting off , despite good batteries , etc. . The answering machine messages are often completely inaudible and if the caller speaks softly , the machine automatically stops recording mid-message . The date and time are always losing time and are difficult to reset after a power outage , etc. . I would not recommend this phone at all .
 I purchased the FIRST one and it had so much static . so as per the manufacturer 's instr . I placed it in different area 's of the house . Still loud and sometimes painful static ! so I exchanged it TWO more times w / the exact same results ! I have two other 900mhz phones w / not a single problem . I do n't no if the answering machine made it bad or what . But I highly suggest you do n't buy it !
 This is an update from an earlier review of this phone . 1 . The phone itself is too small . 2 . If you have it off the charger for more than 10 minutes , it wo n't make a call out . You have to put it back on the charger . 3 . Battery lasted only 5 months , before replacement . Conclusion , pick an other phone .
 Do not waste your money ... ` nuff said .
 I previosly owned a 10 channel att cordless phone and upgraded to the Att that you are reading about . I was very dipleased , you can stand in the same room and still get a staicy connection i got better range with my old 10 Ch phone
 I too am disappointed by the poor design features of this phone .1 . The phone unit is too small and is not comfortable to hold or to have resting on your shoulder . If you have big ears and hands , this phone will be intolerable .2 . On several occasions , I 'd dial a number and as soon as the other party picks up my phone would shut off . I should n't be having these problems .3 . I ca n't use the phone and answering machine at the same time . Sometimes when I get a message , I like to dial the number as it comes off the machine . At other times it 's important for me to share messages with others . This phone does not allow for either use .4 . One good feature is that even if your electricity goes out , your messages are saved and can be retrieved later on . During a power failure , however , this phone does not work.Unfortunately , I do n't recommend the purchase of this phone.I hope Lucent Tech/ATT product designers read these reviews so that they could come up with better products .
 I ca n't tell you how disappointed we are in the AT&T 9350 900 MHz Cordless Phone and Answering System . We have always used AT&T products in our home and have always been pleased with their performance . However , this phone does not meet our expectations for the following reasons
 1 . Phone and base ring alternately , which is VERY ANNOYING ! I should have returned the phone for this problem alone , but now it 's too late2 . Ca n't answer the phone right away
 It takes seconds for the phone to turn on , and you ca n't actually pick up from the base station , without the headset . We 're returning the phone , because it 's just too annoying .
 I bought this phone in September of 1999 . My headset is already broken
 I had a previous AT&T 900mhz phone , which was world 's better ... but this one is just too small . The speaker is too small , the unit is too small , and it is difficult to lean the phone against your shoulder while talking . The sound was n't all that great either ... AT&T overall is a good phone company , but this is better for kids .
 We have always purchased AT&T phones for their reliability but this phone has been disappointing.You can turn off all of the ringers on the phone , but when someone calls and leaves a message you still hear their voice as they speak to the answering machine . I like to have the phone off when my toddler is napping so it does n't wake him , but this phone wo n't allow me to eliminate the sound of a caller 's voice -LRB- unless I turn the answering machine completely off and do n't record incoming calls -RRB- . I 've also found that the sound is very fuzzy with both the reception and answering machine .
 This phone requires that you guess when to say ` hello ' after picking up the receiver because of an inexplicable delay circuit . Often the caller hears some fragment of ` hello ' if you guess wrong and does n't know what 's going on . You have to reset the clock every time there is a power outage . Outgoing message quality is poor . If you attempt to delete one message of a group sometimes all are erased . I ca n't wait to replace it - I only wish I had returned it immediately but thought I 'd get used to it .
 I have had the phone for about 2 months . Handset already broken . I would n't buy this phone .
 Length :
 This was just was I was looking for
 Yes , just like some of the other reviewers , this item broke within two weeks of ordering it . The ball came out that holds the two pieces together , so now it could pull apart easily . I was lucky I did n't lose my car key .
 I purchased two of these Lucky Line Pull Apart key rings a few weeks ago . Within a week , my roomate 's Luckly Line broke ... and within two weeks mine did as well . Cheap product that I dont recommend to anyone ! If it was n't a measly few dollars I would be having a fit right now and Luckly Line would cringe at the sound of my voice .
 The key ring broke after a week so that the parts no longer attach . Almost lost my keys that way .
 I could not get this keyring to pull apart . So it was a waste of money but I guess you get what you pay for .
 Given the location of our mailbox , I wanted a key chain where I could detach part of it so I could keep the car running while I step out and get the mail . I bought this one mostly for it 's size . I did n't want anything too big . Even with some of the bad reviews , I decided to take a chance . I would only be detaching it four to five days a week , I would make a point of being gentle , and figured with only a small mailbox key it would n't see a lot of wear-and-tear . Unfortunately after only two months of use the release mechanism fell apart . One of the ball bearings was dislodged and lost . It instantly became useless to me because it would no longer hold together.It 's a good idea , but just not sturdy enough for such use . It might work for those that are n't using the release mechanism as much , maybe a couple of times a month or so .
 I used it under `` normal '' conditions , and yet within a week , it was broken . Ca n't be fixed , because of the little bearing fell out and went missing .
 I wanted this to take my key off easily when going to the gym/mechanic etc. . I went to the gym tonight and took it off with no problems , but when I tried putting it on -LRB- an hour later -RRB- it was broken already . One of the pins must have fallen out . This product is poorly made and I am not even going to bother returning it , as gas will cost just as much to drive to the nearest UPS store . I would n't recommend this product .
 I thought after the first one of these broke that it was a fluke . I now have gone through two . The better of the two lasted an entire two months . Cheap junk , you can actually save money -LRB- and not lose your keys -RRB- by paying more for a good one from somebody else .
 I have to park my car in a parking garage at work , so I wanted an easy way to give the workers my car key without handing them over my office keys . This item worked fine , but broke within about 60 days . Granted , I only spent a couple of bucks on the keyring , so I 'm not particularly miffed . But , now I 'm going to buy a more expensive one and see if it 's any more durable ...
 Personally , I have never used this exact product . I have seen them sold on amazon , at walmart , and home depot . However , it seems like a generic branded item and did not know if I could trust this to hold onto my car keys . After all , car keys -LRB- or house keys -RRB- are essential to daily life and losing them because of a cheaply made product would be a bad situation -LRB- changing expensive door locks , replacing keys and remotes for cars , and a security risk of the wrong person finding your keys -RRB- . The price indicated that maybe this was made of inferior quality . After all , you get what you pay for.So , I bought the Victorinox -LRB- Swiss Amry Knife Company -RRB- Swiss made Key coupling or key fob . They work the same as you just push in on the piston side and it detaches quite easily . I felt more secure with my keys on an item made from a reliable company who manufactures high quality products . That particular version of this item is absolutely one of the best purchases I have made . I recommend buying them from swissknifeshop.com . They ship for free and do not tax you . I believe it is 5.95 on their site which is more , but you know you will recieve the quality and security of it not breaking . That assurance alone is worth the extra money to me.These , in my opinion , are a must-have product . They allow you to easily detach your car keys or house keys -LRB- and others -RRB- from one another into two managable entities . Mainly , you should attach only your car keys to one side so when drving , you do not put stress on the ignition . A lot people have many heavy items or a lot of keys on their keychains and just let it all hang as they drive . This ruins the ignition over time and that is a costly fix . So $ 6 to avoid a several hundred dollar repair is a fair trade-off in my mind .
 Ordered this one and another similar model due to so-so reviews for these type of products . At ~ $ 3 each , cheap enough to order two and hedge one 's bets . The other one arrived faster and worked as expected . This one , unfortunately , did not.Try as I might , I could not get the two pieces to pull-apart . Eventually , the pulling caused the rings to bend , rendering the product useless . Even using tools , I never did successfully pull them apart.Not even worth sending it back . I had much better success with the Lucky Line 71501 .
 This keychain was larger than I had anticipated when I ordered it . It worked great until one day I found half of my keys on the ground outside my truck . The keychain had broken and I did n't have a clue until I got back to my car .
 This `` pull-apart '' key chain did not pull apart.You can twist one of the sides leading you to believe that you can make it easier or harder to pull apart , but it actually does nothing.Pros
 The product was never delivered . We received confirmation , however , over a month later and no product .
 We bought this awhile back and I didnt have time to create a review this product broke after a very short time .
 The title says it all . Worked great until then . Used it for my mailbox key so I could leave my vehicle running .
 I give this item the lowest possible rating . Do not buy this product . I purchased this item and used it 30 times and then it was broken , which resulted in me not being able to find my key for some time.The part of the keychain that broke is one of the ball bearings that secures the two parts together . One of the little metal balls came out , rendering the whole thing useless . I posted a picture showing the key chain with the ball bearing missing . Do not buy this product . -LRB- NOTE
 I ordered two of these , and right when i took it out of its package one of the balls falls out . So I continued to use the second one for about a month and then that ball falls out . I hate these people that sell this crap . They should be banned from amazon .
 I owned one of these years ago and it must have been another company because it was much more heavy duty . I loved that one and finally got around to getting this one . Straight out of the box one of the lock balls fell out rendering it useless . The price is so low it 's not worth returning and I have since glued it together for use but thats not the point of this product .
 Oh how I wish I had n't spilled soda on my 32sii ... I purchased the HP50 as an upgrade / replacement for the 32 . I 've owned several HP RPN calculators over the decades but I ca n't get over how awkward this unit is to use . The manual is terrible at explaining the functions , it seems to be random on when they explain step by step versus vague descriptions of the features . I still have n't figured out how to do a conversion between liters and gallons rather than having to remember 3.79 . This thing will be a brick for all but the most devoted users.I now know why people are willing to pay several hundred dollars for a used 32sii .
 Ridiculously difficult to use . I bought it to use RPN , and 3D graphing , which it does , but for everything else it is a waste . Unless you know someone who knows how to use it and can show you how , do n't buy it . The manual is inadequate , the online . pdf is 900 pages and still does n't tell you how to do simple things , like solve a linear system of equations . Buy a TI-89 .
 I bought a hP49g + with great expectations . A few days of work , the keys of all last keyboard 's line
 Ladies and gentlemen -- This is the worst calculator HP has ever made . Please do not choose this machine.Scott Britton
 I purchased an HP 50g about three years ago from Amazon . It 's a great calculator and about the only graphing calculator with RPN logic . Surprise , surprise , recently the LCD display has vertical bands that are blank on the right of the screen and so frequently I ca n't see results of a calculation . I called HP and they no longer repair these calculators although they still sell the 50g as their top of the line graphing calculator . I was told that I need to have it repaired by another outfit and the only one I could find is fixthatcalc.com but they said there are no parts available and the architecture is not amenable to repair . If I toss this one out and by a new one and I have a problem in a year and a day -LRB- warranty is a year -RRB- I will end up throwing it out since I 'm back in the same jam . I do n't understand how a company can manufacture a product and not support it . HP used to be a great company but now it is headed for the junk heap . I have also had 3 HP printers that had to be returned during warranty . Do n't buy a 50g unless you 're willing to replace it after a year if you have a problem !
 I am an engineer and purchased this calculator -LRB- based on amazon reviews -RRB- for graduate engineering courses . Several weeks into classes -LRB- many hours trying to figure out the functions -RRB- it was too difficult to understand quickly and I abandoned it for the semester . I used an hp calculator in undergrad engineering but the complicated new menu layout and the horrible documentation make an awful combination.I have now spent more 40 hours trying to figure this calculator out and still consider myself confused . I find the examples in the manual poorly written and poorly indexed . Even basic functions are too complicated . Many examples just do n't work . For entering a 3x3 matrix I followed the example . There are actually two steps missing which you have to guess and find yourself . Someone should thoroughly test these first.After feeling I was deceived I went back and looked at the reviews carefully . In 20 of the 5 star reviews the reviewer only reviewed the hp50 product which now makes me suspicious . In addition , 15 other excellent reviews are from foreign countries in such simplistic and incorrect english that I wonder if they really saw , used , learned , or tried to program the hp50.Even re-reading many of the other 4 and 5 star reviews that I think are genuine I noticed a lot of `` however ... '' comments.Before you buy here are some of my comments . Many are mentioned in other reviews but I give them here to justify my review number . - Documentation is horrible -LRB- as mentioned in many other good and bad reviews -RRB- - Way too frustrating to learn how to use the product - Many functions are two strokes -LRB- shift + function -RRB- -LRB- like x2 -RRB- -888 page manual -LRB- 4 '' thick -RRB- , colossal waste of paper , hardly any writing on each page - Because the PDF manual is so big it is difficult to navigate-Index alone is 25 pages , could be on 6-7 pages , too much flipping pages to find things - ENTER key is now bottom right of calculator -LRB- further to travel to enter data -RRB- - I do n't like the heavy leather case
 Next to the computer , a calculator receives a lot of my time . With that said I spend more time using a calculator than I do watching TV and I take my calculator to bed with me -LRB- to crunch numbers , of course ! -RRB- I should note that the majority of my calculator background is based around infix -LRB- Algebraic -RRB- TI 8x models.HP 50g first impressions.Packaging was descent and easy to open . Opening the calculator I immediately recognized and appreciated the `` new calculator smell '' . When holding the calculator without batteries installed , it has a chinsey feel about it . So I test the rigidity by squeezing it in various ways . Side to side feels OK , likewise front to back . Then I press on the top where the Serial / USB / IR are located . The plastic pushes in slightly and makes a click sound but I ca n't see it move . Next the battery cover . It is very loose , if I grab the calculator in such a way that my thumb touches the battery cover , the cover slips off . Mind you , I 'm not trying to open the battery cover , this is a simple matter of naturally handling the calculator . Caution must be taken else the battery cover opens.How does the HP 50g feel?After I loaded the batteries there was a very odd feeling about the calculator . Since the batteries are located directly under the screen the center of mass is offset near the top . The calculator does not give the general impression that it was designed to hold -LRB- the offset mass makes it feel bulky and chinsey at the same time -RRB- . While holding the calculator my fingers are directly below arrow keys . Due to the offset mass , my fingers become a fulcrum and the calculator a lever . In such gravity attempts to flip the calculator out of my hand unless a thumb holds it down . With this the natural tendency is to fall out of the hands , rather than in to the hands . Mind you that this is more so a balance issue , otherwise the calculator would feel great.Carrying pouch.The pouch will do a fine job protecting the HP 50g from normal environment conditions . It seems rugged enough to last a long time and is small enough that it will fit -LRB- tightly -RRB- in the back pocket of my pants . The HP50g is protected by material on the inside of the pouch , and stays firmly in place . The magnetic snap on the pouch flap is so-so . With a little attention it will properly close , but it 's not mechanical snap so it may open with general bumping around.Key layout , screen , and first use.The keyboard looks very similar to the TI 8x series . Buttons are very close to where I expect them to be . The buttons have a slight angle to them in which permits natural position change from lower area to upper area via sliding . The angles buttons compliment the tactile feed back perfectly . The screen is very sharp and crisp . Excellent contrast balance and range with both alkaline and NiMh batteries . Holding the on button and pressing + - to change contrast is very natural and convenient . The font size can be adjusted to permit a natural operating distance . I find little difficulty navigating the menus and performing simple math.Tactile buttonsComing from quiet , tactless , membrane buttons I find the tactile feed back to be a quite refreshing change . There is solid feel to the buttons and positive tactile confirmation on each end every button press . The tactile feedback makes up for the previously mentioned balance problem . Positive feedback gives the impression that the calculator is an extension to my hand , this is very impressive . When I tried using the calculator while in bed I discovered a serious problem to tactile buttons . They are loud . This translates to keeping my wife awake , which in turn means that I can not expect to use the calculator in bed . Though I find the tactile buttons refreshing , this is a major set back as the loud clicking prevents my wife from sleeping and thus me from working while in bed.User Interface.There are many options in mode - > flags that allow tweaking of the calculator operating mode and UI . An option to choose between hard menus and soft menus is great but it is not consistent though out the HP 50g . For example set flag 117 , then observe Right shift STAT and Right shift NUM.SLV both neglect soft menus . This is somewhat understandable from a naive perspective , but I ca n't help to think soft menus could have been used if a little effort had been applied to the names . There are three extra buttons to shift button context . Alpha , Left shift , Right shift . Some of the Left shift buttons are simply place holders for Right shifted buttons . The entire keyboard can be re-assigned as a user keyboard , which invites a fair amount of flexibility for custom application . The key De-bounce delay can be adjusted to permit very fast button presses . With an SD card in the slot there is a noticeable delay of about two seconds from power on . Compare this with a delay of approximately 250ms without a card.Over all opinion / thoughts / rambling / rants.After some time learning the calculator and attempting to do some work , I ca n't find a dedicated ^ -1 button . The closest I can get is the Q button -LRB- Y ^ X -RRB- and then entering -1 . This will certainly be a headache for anyone who makes use of reciprocals in their daily calculator use because it is another two buttons that need pressed . The next thing I notice is that irrational numbers default to fractional display . What I mean by this is that actual fraction is drawn out , not the result . Fortunately this is easily corrected by changing between exact and fractional by holding right shift and pressing enter at the same time.Units conversion is botched , borked , fubar.The units conversion is completely borked . It takes ~ 15 button presses to convert 1 hour to seconds , example : CONVERT -LRB- 1_h ,1 _ s -RRB- with a result of 3600 . _ sLooking at the syntax , anyone with previous experience with programming or calculator use would surely agree that this appears to have a multiplier in the destination units . Likewise , this suggest that the conversion process does not use unity . This in itself would be a very useful feature , however while testing I find : CONVERT -LRB- 1_h ,2 _ s -RRB- result of 3600 . _ s.Obviously the units converter is in fact assuming unity but requires a needless entry of 1 _ anyway . Though two more button presses are not terribly hindering in them selfs , their end result is much more wasted button presses because the shifted modes must be changed which drops previous shift context . The net result is a seemingly reoccurring theme in the HP 50g . Too many button presses.Learning curve / documentation.Owing to sub-par documentation and flawed UI design , the learning curve is much steeper than it should be . There is nothing fundamentally different from the 50g than any other calculator , other than poor UI design , to justify the learning curve . The documentation appears thorough at first glance but when you sit down and actually read / apply what you read it becomes evident that even the document writer was not quite sure of the most efficient method -LRB- button press wise -RRB- . Even after you know how to use the HP50g , if you abstract your efforts and consider the excessive amount of buttons that must be pressed to perform simple operations , you will certainly agree that things could have been done better.Over all I believe that HP was attempting to enter a market dominated by Ti 8x series without first fully appreciating and analyzing the effectiveness of Ti 's UI -LRB- Ti-89 excluded -RRB- . If you are a Ti 8x user and appreciate the well thought out UI and minimal button presses you will probably not like the HP50g . Contrarily , If you do n't like Ti 8x 's UI , then the HP 50g may be perfect for you .
 HP clearly knows how to design calculators and the program is just fine on this calculator . However I have a problem with the way this thing is put together . It feels cheap and light weight , not suitable for a work environment or even years of college . My old 48GX was built like a tank . And even the first version of the 49G with all its problems felt more rugged than this 50G . One of my major issues is the battery compartment door is very flimsy and feels like it 's going to fly off . This thing is made in China and it shows unfortunately . HP how much does it cost to beef up the case and make it more like the build quality of the stuff you guys were building back in the 90 's . HP was the holy grail of calculators and with 2300 built in functions they have a great platform , they just need to make this baby feel like the vintage stuff and they 'd give us a reason to stop buying the old stuff and start buying their new stuff .
 Be prepared to be frustrated learning this calculator . The manual is awful . For example , the `` Contents of the Calculator display '' section -LRB- page 1-3 -RRB- starts off with : `` The first line shows the characters
 Calculator would be fine , but it has very poor response on the keys . Very disappointing overall.I previously owned the HP 48G and this calculator does n't measure up .
 As a previous HP calculator user , way back to the HP-45 , HP-25 , HP-11C days , I was excited about a new fully featured graphical calculator in the grand HP tradition . It was a better option , it seemed , than to buy a TI version because I was an old hand at RPN calculations . For those of you that know , once you work with RPN , there is no substitute . The descriptions of the reviews note the return of the fabulous key touch from the older HP series mentioned above , the terrific smooth feel that prevented inadvertent double-clicking so prevalent in other calculators.All of the above are true , but as much as it pains me to say so , this calculator is a monster to use for high end use in areas such as precalculus , calculus , polynomial , complex number , and statistical work . It does have incredible capability if you know how to get to the right function and enter the formulas in the right manner . Some of this is the dual personality of the unit allowing the user to switch between RPN and Algebraic logic . I preferred the RPN method , so I was disappointed that there where some things that just could n't be done with RPN , such as the Equation Writer . The Equation Writer is a feature used for many complex arithmetic functions and I found it cumbersome to maneuver and edit the functions with the four cursor keys.Another issue with the unit is how most of the keys have , not two , not three , but six functions assigned to them ! This required a front faceplate around the keys with labeling for four of the functions and no clues with the remaining two . Admittedly , the other non-labeled functions were oddities such as Greek letters , but talk about confusing . Some of the keys led to more menu lists . How do you find the roots of a polynomial , go the Numerical Solve menu ? The Arithmetic Menu ? The Function menu ? Who knows ? It takes a considerable investment in time to learn and use this calculator.The feel of the calculator is first rate with the best button touch in the business and nice heft and weight as you hold it in your hand . The display was not the best , it always seemed like it needed a little more brightness for comfortable use . The TI units do a better job of this.After working with it for a solid month while preparing for a math exam using a wide range of functions , I gave up and used my son 's TI-84 Plus . I could n't faithfully move from function to function without a lot of trial and error . There were just too many key combinations and menus to contend with in order to get the work done . If you have a fairly tight set of functions you will use faithfully and regularly , then it will work well without a lot of struggle .
 My HP48 from 1990 just died and I bought the 50g thinking 20 years of upgrade must be in it . Not the case . The biggest bummer is the enter key is moved to the lower right corner and made small which makes this a one handed calculator . The previous 48 layout I could input calculations as fast as I could think , with two hands . This is slow and cumbersome ergonomics , I guess for doing slow and cumbersome calculations .
 The display is not easily read . The background and figures are not sufficiently contrasted in the calculator.There was no documentation save a quick start brochure . For a scientific instrument this is not desirable.I was able contact HP and download proper documentation . It is available gratis.I will not buy this king of equipment from a second source again . I 'll wait and save for the new instrument .
 HP 50G is the worst electronic product I have ever bought in my life . This calculator freezes frequently and you can not turn it off unless you reset it . The software for connectivity does not function for what reasons , only HP engineers know . The user manual is absolute disgrace to HP company . You can not read to understand what they want you to do . The manual and the calculator are too complex to use . I will never , never recommend HP 50G to any student . I can not use or turn off my calculator since yesterday . Until the technical heads at HP wake up and make the usage of this gadget comprehensive , this Calculator will remain a junk on the market . Please , fellow students do not worst your money on this technically defective product .
 It worked good for the first couple of months . Then the screen pixels broke . The calculator was n't dropped and it broke . The calculator has the best features but is not built well and broke within 2 months . Then i tried sending it back . Called up and gave all information . Called back a couple of months later saying that they shipped it and i never recieved it . HP is fraud and never even emailed that they shipped a new one . Then months later they say that they shipped . Will never buy an hp product ever again . Customer service does not help .
 I purchased the HP 50G as a replacement for my beloved 48SX . Here 's what I found : - There are no Vista drivers , and the drivers it ships with -LRB- XP and older OSes -RRB- do n't work in Vista . This is n't cool , HP - You do n't even ship XP anymore . No Vista drivers means it ca n't be updated to run the latest ROM . It 's 2009 , HP - Come up with a Vista driver ! This also means that I ca n't use the software that ships with the calc to do backups , screenshots , etc. - I thought I 'd be able to adapt to the location of the enter key , but this turned out to be a much larger issue for me than I originally thought . - The quality is lacking . It 's too wide to be easily hand-held . The battery door rattles . The whole thing sounds and feels like a hollow shell . - The large display is nice and contrasty , but still no backlight . - The case makes it twice as large and heavy . Bring back the Nylon cases !!! - It takes three additional keypresses to enter a complex number in polar notation . To get the angle sign , press Alpha , then release it and press and release the right shift key , then press ' 6 ' . The functions to convert polar to rectangular and rectangular to polar are not present , making it very difficult to work with complex numbers . When a complex number is entered in polar notation , it is changed to and stored in rectangular notation . The only way to make it appear in polar notation is to change the mode , which changes the display of every number on the stack . - The new menu system results in a * lot * more keypresses to do anything . The softkey menu system was great , and I really miss it here . - I purchased a 2GB SDRAM card to go with this . The calculator is n't able to format the card at all , and produces an error about only recognizing 861MB of the 2GB card . - I purchased for $ 109 , and I wish I had n't .
 Everything you 've read about this calculator -LRB- HP-50g -RRB- is , unfortunately true . There is no manual supplied and the CD supplied has very few examples on programming or higher functions . The buttons are not responsive and too often you have to check your entry to make certain you are entering the right values -LRB- 1000 instead of 10 -RRB- . Further , the blister pack is difficult to open.I 've been an avid HP fan since the beginning . My first calculator was the HP-35 bought for $ 325 in 1974 . Did the usual progression to the 45 , 65 , 67 , and finally settled in with my 41 , 41C , and 41CX . I returned to college in 2002 , and decided I did n't need a 20 year old calculator , and bought the HP49g.I was disappointed with the same issues that basically haunt to 50g today . No manual , no examples , the standard of excellence just did n't match my previous calculators.The night before one of my exams , I `` dropped '' my calculator to the kitchen table ... . a total of 3 inches , and it died . Nobody in town carries the higher capacity Hewlett-Packard calculators ... ever try to make the switch from HP to TI in a few hours ? It does not work too well . Plus HP would replace the 49g for $ 146 as a recall ... higher than what I had paid for it!So here I sit , three days before another exam with my HP-50g , and it falls ONE inch to my desk ... surprise surprise ! It now has a single line about a third of the way down on the screen !!! I 've tried replacing the batteries , using the reset mode ... nothing.If EITHER of the calculators had survived these GREAT falls and worked properly , I would have probably given them around a 3 1/2 star . A four star is a little high , and they deserve better than a three . But since I now have two HP calculators that deserve to be given to the Smithsonian as bad examples when evolution goes wrong , a one star is all they get !
 I became very frustrated pressing buttons in quick sequence and it not keeping up with my entries . I have to repress buttons to get them entered . I have never seen this before in a calculator . I ended up giving to my son for school . Maybe he 'll have better luck . Try the 48g . It 's my favorite of all time . First one lasted 20 years . I just lost it though .
 The new unit is cheap in construction and feel compared to my 48GX from the early 1990 's . Documentation is on a CD which is difficult to read and follow whereas the older unit came with a printed user manual that used special characters to enhance readability and comprehension . Do not buy this unit !
 This is very powerfull , complex calculator , much according to old HP spirit and quality . Unfortunately , manuals are below of ANY acceptable quality standards . There is short -LRB- 150 pages -RRB- User Manual , very poorly written , not even explaining the concept of RPN and stack manipulations . There are some keys that perform stack manipulation -LRB- DUP , DROP -RRB- but they are not described ; I discovered these keys just by accident . It is not clear for me how person new to RPN can start using this calculator if basic concepts are not explained.Manual is extremely poorly printed . Reading keystrokes sequences needs strong magnifying glass.More complete User 's Guide is abaliable only in electronic form -LRB- on attached CD -RRB- , but Advanced Guide -LRB- needed to program -RRB- is available only from HP site under HP-49 information . These manual are equally poor as the first one . Printing these manuals is expensive ; actually more expensive than the calculator itself . There are 1600 pages to print ; Kinko takes 16 cents per page . This would make $ 256 . This means that computer is necessary attachment to the calculator . It this situation , I do n't need the calculator
 I should 've known that $ 19.99 was too little to pay for a leather planner . While the leather cover itself is nice enough , you should know that the inside is basically an inexpensive , plastic planner with cheap metal rings and pages that are not extremely functional . Every time you open up the planner , the plastic insert inside slides and moves . I 'm sending it back -LRB- unfortunately with a $ 5 restocking fee -RRB- .
 I like the planner for it 's brown color and it smells like real leather . But when I opened it , the inside looks as though the planner was used by others . It has scratches and it looks like the planner was washed . I guess for $ 19.99 it 's an ok planner . However , the planner is handy and fits in most of my small to medium bags .
 I was extremely excited about purchasing the V-Tech 2960ci . I have had very good luck with one of their old phones and liked the option of having an answering machine for both lines.I purchased the phone and connected it up . From one end of my house to the other -LRB- about 50 feet -RRB- , the signal constantly dropped out . The range is severely limited . Going outside was impossible.My other VTech phone -LRB- 2-line alpha platinum -RRB- is wonderful . I can go anywhere in my house or yard without trouble . With that in mind , I exchanged my phone for a new one . The range was still limited to a mere 50 feet.The phone is also difficult to shoulder . The cucumber shape may look cool , but it is not practical.After trying the second phone , I exchanged it for another brand , which is much better .
 This is my first electronics purchase from Amazon . It is one of the few phones on the market that had all the features I needed - and the price was quite a bit less than I expected to pay . But ... 1 . The design is more complicated than it needs to be - not intuitive at all .2 . The range is less than my other 900 MHz phones .3 . The battery needed replacing after five weeks .4 . The phone started goofing up after seven weeks , and , after waiting on hold for an hour , the factory said my only option was to box it up and spend the $ 10 to mail it in for exchange.As a result , I 'm not inclined to buy any more V-Tech products - even if the prices and features are good .
 I 'm returning this phone tomorrow . It is nowhere near on par with the VTech DSS corless I have . I thought at first I had a lemon , so I got another one . Same thing ! The problems are numerous
 In the last 2 days I have had 3 of these phones , and none of them have worked . -LRB- if you want to use 2-lines -RRB- . It works fine for one line but when you plug in line 2 it disconnected both lines.I could talk on line 1 , plug the jack in for line 2 and get a dial tone over my conversation . The customer service department had no idea how to help -LRB- really helpful -RRB- , said maybe i got one from a bad batch but I bought each of the 3 phones at different stores in CO. . Maybe the state got a bad batch . After all the hassel of buying , trying and then returning I think I will try a different brand .
 I got excited when I first saw this phone . I wanted a 2-line cordless phone with answerer , and at the time this was the only one . The excitement wore off fast . Whenever I talked for more than a few minutes , there was terrible clicking and popping that made conversation nearly impossible . The V-tech folks -LRB- who were very responsive -RRB- said that every phone is a little different , even within the same make and model , and suggested I exchange it . I did , but the 2nd phone had the same clicking and popping . So I exchanged it again . Same clicking and popping with the 3rd phone . Then I gave up and bought something else .
 We 've had this phone for 6 months . The bad things far outway the good . BAD
 I purchased the VTECH phone less than a year ago . The sound quality was terrible , and the phone often frezes up not allowing calls in or out . It must be unplugged an reset to work .
 The phone is easy to use and the answering machine is reasonable . The lack of a keypad on the base station can be annoying because you have to use the tiny buttons on the handset instead . The real problem with this phone is abysmal sound quality . People kept asking me to `` speak up '' and I kept saying `` Excuse me '' to get people to repeat things that I could n't make out . And god forbid that you are taking to someone on a cell phone - reciprocal gibberish . So bad that I had to return this phone . So I can not recommend this phone to you .
 If you 're looking for a two-line phone for a small office , forget this one.First , it 's impossible to turn the ringer in the handset off when you 're on one line , so the 2nd phone line rings annoyingly , even with the base 's ringer turned off.Doing simple programming , like resetting the number of rings before the answering machine picks up , require re-reading the user manual .
 I bought this 4 of these phones because I wanted the features offered
 When I first got this phone a year ago , I noticed a loud buzzing in the handset -LRB- like a chainsaw -RRB- , unless you hold your finger on the charging contacts while talking , or if you use an add-on headset . This phone also laacks dual keypads , meaning you have to dial from the handset first , then turn on the base speakerphone later . I found this to be very inconvenient . Using a headset -LRB- not included -RRB- makes this a little less troublesome . The `` backup battery '' I installed in the base -LRB- an extra from VTech -RRB- does n't retain the basic functions during a power outage -LRB- loses time anyways . -RRB- The second battery does allow you to make and answer calls when the power is out , though . Now , a year later , the phone cuts out occasionally , keeping you from hearing your party on the line , and has even disconnected about half a dozen calls now . I will NEVER buy a VTech cordless product again !
 I bought this phone about a year ago because of the rich feature list . The two-line capability with conference feature was perfect for the home office . However , when you conference the two lines together , I can hear both parties , but they ca n't hear each other . So , I 've got to repeat what one person says to the other . The battery back-up feature in the base looked like a great way to have your settings saved during power outages . But , what they do n't tell you is that the battery back-up ONLY allows you to make and receive phone calls . All the setup information is NOT saved across power outages . Every time you lose power , you have to re-program the base unit -- a time consuming and non-intuitive process . Why they choose this method -- I 'll never know . The headset jack was just what I needed for hands free conversation . But , after two months , the headset jack wore out . Another feature that became worthless . The digital answering device for both lines was another feature I was looking for . I could now replace the single line digital answering machine I had for one line , and the tape answering machine for the other line . But again , the quality of the recording on this Vtech is so poor , I had to go back to the old answering machines I had ... including the tape answering machine.Vtech customer service ? Do n't bother . They 're so anti-customer focused and tell you that you 're the problem , not their phone . This is my first and last Vtech product.Bottom line
 When I first got this phone it did n't ring . I thought that was odd being ringing is the most basic of features . I called VTech customer service and that was as good as reading the manual myself . They agreed that something was wrong and I exchanged it for another one and I 've got the same problem again - who knew ?! Everything is set the way it 's supposed to be for it to ring
 The arms are awful . Unless you have your arm in the groove so that 's in the exact straight position so that your entire forearm lines up in the groove -LRB- impossible if you 're typing for instance -RRB- then the edge of the arm bites into your forearm . After about five minutes , it hurts . If you are planning on using the chair for work , I would n't recommend it . Who designed these arms ? Yo Office Star , just put normal flat and beveled arms on this thing before you hurt any more people .
 I had bought one office chair from Ikea for 69 $ and it was not so good . Then based on the reviews I thought this should be very good chair . But I am dissapointed that the comfort from this chair is similar to Ikea chair , now the problem with Amazon would be you cant return if you dont like . . because you need to pay for shipping charges . So I will be living with this chair . .
 Everyone in my office thought this chair was uncomfortable . It does n't tilt back very far and it 's too firm . There is also no back support . I sent it back the day I ordered it .
 I read numerous reviews for this product before deciding to purchase it . I was concerned about the size , knowing that in order for a chair to be ergonomically correct it has to fit your body well . After reading a review saying this chair even worked well for petite females in the office I decided to to go ahead with my decision and order this chair . I 'm 5 ' 6 &#34; and not overly petite but this chair is far too large for me , my feet do not touch the ground and I have to sit on the edge of the chair . It 's ergonomic advantages are rendered useless to anyone of average size . Do not buy this chair if you care about your back and are of average size .
 so i thought it was my imagination at first , but people come over to my house and sit in my chair and describe it as a modern torture device.Ive tried many adjustments , adding on pillows and back savers and this thing just continues to jack my back up . It also needs to be tightened seemingly every 30 days . And today i came out and the arm rest is already split after only 6 months , and no ill treatment . I had read some other positive reviews here which had influenced my decision , but obviously those people are out of their minds or work for this company.This is the second most uncomfortable chair i have ever owned despite months of problem solving .
 This item arrived coming through the box . I ca n't recommend ordering this product to be shipped to you . Another friend ordered one and it came to him undamaged . If you have time to play &#34; Will this make it or not &#34; order . If not , I 'd say try something else .
 I am a 5 ' 6 '' woman , and at the lowest seat height and with my shoes on , I can not get my feet flat on the floor . It is also a little too deep for me , and the depth can not be adjusted - there is just one setting.This product , when at it 's lowest setting , measures 19 inches from the top of the pad to the floor . Unfortunately , it will cost $ 40 to return it , so I am stuck with it . Good thing my husband needed a new office chair!It was easy to put together and the webbed back was comfortable , soft , and supportive . It is also nice looking .
 I have both the 81101 -LRB- this model -RRB- and the better alternativeLucky Line 71101 Key Ring.I highly recommend the 71101 model . it is easy to open and stays securely closed.The model 81101 is very cumbersome with the twisting motion required , especially when loaded up , if you can even make it that far in the process .
 I had the ring for about a month before the locking mechanism loosened up . After about six weeks , I am now able to pull it apart without that much force , and it will unlock with 30 degrees of twist . It is still useful in its current state , but it has continued to loosen and should be useless before 3 months is up . I 'm looking for another solution now .
 Whoever assembled mine botched it . The internal mechanism does not lock in a figure 8 , but only about 10 degrees in so it does not stay locked ...
 Stupidly hard to open , which is a pro and a con.My wife has a 71101 and its only 10x better . Nothing is as much fun as dropping all your keys just to remove or add a key.The learning curve is just too steep for a keychain . Would make a good gift for the person who enjoys puzzles .
 I have had a few of these from this manufacturer over the years and after just 1 month , the ring fails where it connects .
 You have to twist the key ring into an 8 shape in order to open and close it - this does n't leave much room for your keys !!! It is a cool way of opening and closing , but completely lacks functionality for the purpose you would guess it was designed for - holding keys . Paid $ 1.98 for product and $ 4.50 for shipping - what a waste of time and money .
 You will need a damn pliers to close this thing . I unboxed it , opened the ring , attempted to close the ring about 10 times and then threw it away all within five minutes .
 First I did n't receive this contacted the seller and they sent one out . I ca n't get this to open up it 's a hassle to use . Not going to send it back though that 's a hassle too . I 'll just chalk up the loss of a couple of bucks .
 The figure eight is for the birds ! It is far too cumbersome to open . I could never get it closed with keys on the ring . I managed it once without any keys . I had my spouse try it who is -LRB- marginally -RRB- more clever than I am , but no joy . My search for the perfect key ring continues .
 this is way too hard to open , especially if you have a few keys on it . i really can not recommend this product . i would return it but it is not worth the return postage to do so .
 Though the construction is sturdy , it 's the opening and closing mechanism that 's though intuitive is not practical . One has to make a weird 8 shaped twist to open or close the loop . With some practice though one can master it , it 's becomes a pain when the ring is loaded with keys . I own both this and 71101 . Both are of the same durable quality . 71101 is much easier to operate .
 Firstly , as other reviews have stated , do n't expect to get the same color as advertised . Secondly , if you do get it , who cares ? This item is absolutely junk and susceptible to unlocking . Even though it is only a few dollars , avoid like the plague .
 All I want is a keychain that I can easily get the keys on and off . This is not it . I agree with reviewers that said it 's easy to open - twist it into a figure 8 and it pops right open . But no one mentions how to close it . Twisting it back into a figure 8 is nigh impossible ; the thing is too small and way too inflexible , and I have relatively strong fingers . One reviewer says to follow the instructions on the package , but my ring did n't come in a package , it was loose in the envelope it was shipped in with no instructions ; not even a receipt . It 's going in the trash .
 I put new batteries in the laser pointer when it arrived and it worked fine at first . However , I then set it down for a few minutes before picking it up again . I put it straight back down because the metal housing was too hot to touch . This happened in the course of about 2 minutes . I had to use a spare t-shirt to pick it up , unscrew the cap and tip the batteries out . I let the product sit for a few minutes to cool down and put it back in . A few days later the same thing happened.I wanted to know why this was happening . It was only occasionally , but twice in three days was too common for something that could start a fire . What I noticed bothers me ; this device works by passing its current through the outer metal housing ! The cap to the batter compartment is just a plain piece of metal that pushes directly against the battery . Obviously the idea is that whenever the device is n't in use the circuit is open and no current passes -LRB- so no heat -RRB- , and while in use energy is consumed by the laser so there is n't excess energy that needs to be burned off as heat . Somehow , perhaps shaking it the wrong way or setting it down too roughly , the device manages to short circuit itself creating a closed circuit without engaging the laser unit , causing it to become incredibly hot until the batteries run out . This unit is a fire hazard.Also , the button is weak . Even before I ever pressed it , it rattled a lot just by toughing it . If you 're in a job where you 'll use this product on a frequent -LRB- daily -RRB- basis like me -LRB- I 'm a teacher -RRB- , I doubt the button will last you six months.I 'm disappointed and returning this . I 'm just glad I had n't put this in my briefcase when it decided to get hot .
 Shipping ok , but the product just sucks . It came with a lot of defects , first of all the second time I used the laser the front part just got out and could n`t put it back because it would n't stay where is supposed to again . I fixed that with glue , but after using it a few times , the laser was each time bigger but less brighter , awful product and extremely expensive by the way .
 This pointer was purchased for guest speakers to use with their presentations to a Community College service organization.It performed OK when tested fresh out of the box when it arrived from Amazon . However , when put to use in the lecture hall , the beam comes on bright , and quickly fades to barely visible.Since I was satisfied with the initial performance , the box was trashed and I fee I am unable to return the unit . If Amazon could grant permission for me to return this for exchange , I would be delighted ; PLEASE RESPONDGreen Laser Pointer II -LRB- Purchased on 06/11/2011 -RRB- by Mpo
 Bought this at the end of September & have replaced batteries twice . Have not even had the chance to use it in any presentations and unfortunately , outside the return period .
 well you can earase a lot of stuff if you want to i mean if you write alot its helpful . you know what i mean ?
 There 's no holes in this thing , so to say it `` fits '' all the different 3 , 6 and 7 hole binders is kinda silly.If you were to put holes in this , it would no longer hold a checkbook as there 's no room.Basically , a waste of money and not worth the shipping to send back .
 I 'm being using Staedtler 's lumocolors for quite a time right now . Since I could n't find lumocolors in amazon , I decided to try these BIC markers since they looked cheap and nice , but I was wrong . Compared to lumocolors they are pretty bad
 Every single pen I used broke within minutes of first using them . The tiny tip would break off no matter how soft I pressed and ink would ooze out ! Major rip off ! Dont they test these things !!!
 these pens are cheap and when they write , they do write really well . unfortunately , about a quarter of them just never write . this is the second or third box i 've had , and it happens every time ... i thought , for a while , it was just bad luck but now i know better and i 'll never buy these crappy pens again . when you consider the price against only 3/4 of the box , it 's no longer that cheap . i 'll stick with pilot g-2 - they cost a little more , but they all WRITE , which is about the sole quality i desire in a pen !
 The display is fixed and angled down which makes it impossible to read when wall-mounted unless you are less than 4 foot tall.The voice mail indicator is an icon on the LCD display and can not be viewed from accross the room . Most phones with this feature have a light that eluminated so you do n't have to get within 1 foot of the phone to see if you have a message.This phone did n't come with a short wall-mount cord . I used one from an old phone.I have always been pleased with Panasonic procducts up until now . I plan to get a different phone and put this phone in a spare room where I do n't have to use it .
 I had this phone but needed to replace it when it got pulled off the counter . I am just as glad to replce it because I do not like the caller ID . It is difficult to read and to manipulate to the number just called . Erasing numbers takes more time than on our old caller ID . I will look around for another phone to replace this one .
 I bought this phone for the caller ID feature . The display can only be read if you look at it just right and the caller ID stopped working after about 3 months.Poor design . Poor quality .
 I was really looking forward to this phone . I needed a caller ID phone that did n't use an AC outlet . There are n't many out there . I respected the Panasonic name but what I got was awful . First , I hung it on the wall but I could n't read the display while I was standing next to it . I had to stoop down to about 5 feet above the floor to read the display . To program the phone I had to get a chair and sit in it to perform the program . That 's when the big problem was discovered.The LCD is about three lines tall . But only half of the middle line was `` lighting '' up . The LCD was busted ! I waited a week for this ? So far the Amazon return process has been friendly , but I dread looking for another phone.Other drawbacks
 I really like panasonic phones in general - I have 2 cordless phones & an answering machine which are panasonic . When I went looking for a corded phone with caller id , I was excited to find this one - the size and design were exactly what I was looking for . However , the display is difficult to read unless you 're standing above it and the caller id feature is lacking . Specifically , I found that I can not recognize cell phone numbers - it displays them as `` out of area '' with no number attached to them . By contrast , my other panasonic cordless phone displays `` out of area '' AND the phone number for cell phones . This is important because I like to distinguish between telemarkets and my friends with cell phones . With this phone , I ca n't .
 I got this phone and promptly returned it . The problem was that theCaller ID did n't work when I called in on my Verizon cell phone . Iknow for a fact that the Caller ID is coming through , since I see iton other phones -LRB- including other Panasonic phones ! -RRB- , but this one justsays OUT OF AREA . Broken as designed . I ended up getting an AT&T ; Model 858 . It 's a shame there are so few options in traditionalcorded phones that keep up on the newer features . I was loyal toPanasonic for a long time but not anymore .
 I have a similiar model `` Panasonic 900 Mhz cordless phone with voicemail and caller ID '' and I loved it . Then I saw this model with same capacity plus TWO LINES and cheaper price ! So I bought it to replace my one line model and regreted now since my friends often complain that they could n't hear me clearly . Sometimes I even notice myself the phone was `` jammed '' during conversion and I had to change channel manually ! This big `` Digital GigaRange DSS '' label on the phone is like a fraudulous feature to me because its sound quality is worst than the regular 900MHz model.I tried to find a reason -LRB- besides the price is cheaper :--RRB- and here is my guess -LRB- no offense to any country -RRB-
 I purchased this for the security of digital DSS , and was pleased by the feature set . After several months use , though , I 'm looking for a new phone . The features are still a good match for what I need , but the ability of this set to keep a clear connection from handset to base is very poor.When the connection is good , it 's very good , but it often decays as you converse , whether or not you 're moving . The incoming sound begins to break up and you 're required to manually search for new channels by pressing a button on the handset . This includes a noticeable delay during which you can not hear the calling party , and they ca n't hear you.Given the ballyhoo about 900 MHz and DSS , one would expect this to phone keep a clear , steady connection - but it does n't , even when you 're in the same room as the base ! The supposed superiority of this system , and the extended range it supposedly provides is useless without being able to handle the simplest of situations . Perhaps other manufacturers have better implementations of 900 MHz DSS ? One can only hope .
 OK , I admit that I lived with this phone for 12 months , but I can assure you that it was painful . It would be a very solid contender if not for one problem - dropouts . You are talking on the phone when sound is suddenly garbled and you hear painful squealing and squeaks coming from the earpiece . What to do ? Press the channel button and it will clear up.That 's not so bad if it just happens once a month , or even once a week . This one does it much more frequently . For me , its several times a day . I returned the phone once and got another unit , but it was the same story . Then I convinced myself that a light or my computer was interfering , so I kept relocating equipment . It still was a problem.Finally I did some more research online and then I discovered that this line of Panasonic phones has a reputation for this dropout problem . Personally , I 'm trying to get Panasonic to make good . So far it does not look too likely.Do yourself a favor , look elsewhere . I went with a seperate cordless phone -LRB- Uniden 9966 -RRB- and answering machine -LRB- Casio -RRB- . I am a lot happier .
 I bought this phone because it had the features I needed and I had previously owned a Panasonic and had good luck . The phone constantly drops calls to the handset and I have to jump to the speakerphone to continue the call . I sent it in for repairs once but the problem persists . I doubt I 'll buy another Panasonic .
 I 've had in the past excelent experience with my Panasonic cordless phones , but not this time . I payed the price of this ... phone because of the quality I expected , but PLEASE , dont make the same mistake , this phone has very poor quality.For a few weeks everything was ok , now , the second line has no audio , line one , can suddenly hang up , and the dialing pad dials several numbers at the same touch ...
 I have had such a horrible experience with this Panasonic phone I REFUSE to buy another telephone made by Panasonic . `` Dropout King '' is right , if you want your conversations interupted with faulty equipment use this phone . The buttons on the handset fail with use . Calling long distance is hard when the `` 1 '' button does not work . The answering machine is difficult , if not impossible to use with no backlight to the number of messages and having to reverse your way thru older messages . Finally , the base has given up charging the handset , so our phone is dead ...
 The features are okay , but it suffers from two main performance problems : -- Volume is too low on the caller 's side , and there 's no way to improve it . They simply have a hard time hearing you . -- Range is poor , compared to other 900mhz digitals , and it suffers from dropout , up to a second or two , even when close to the basestation .
 I have had this phone for 1 1/2 years . I have to replace it . It has always been a disappointment to me . The dial pad on the phone does not work now . Many of the numbers stick when dialing . I ca n't stand it anymore and am throwing it in the trash . No more Panasonic for me . Do n't buy it .
 I got this phone a year and a half ago and have never been satisfied for what it costs . At first it just bothered me that you could hang up on someone if you held the phone by the caller ID . Then a few monts ago the # 4 would not work . The only way for it to work was to press very hard and then it would come out twice . Now most of the keypad does not work right but the most annoying one is the talk button . I have to use a pen and push as hard as I can just to turn it off . Do not buy this phone it is a waste and customer service did not care either .
 I researched the purchase of a new phone for quite a while . When I came upon this one , I thought it was the best . I was wrong ! There is no caller id display on the base unit . If the handset is away , you will not know who is calling . The sound quality is awful . Nobody that calls us can hear anything ! In my stubbornness , I was really thinking that it was their phone that was the problem . It could n't be the ... Panasonic that I had just purchased , right ? Wrong ! While I was at work , I called my husband and the only thing that told me he was on the line was the lack of ringing . I could not hear a word he said . If you are reading this while looking to buy a cordless phone , know this
 I carefully picked through the hundreds of phones at a local retailer , looking for the one with the set of features that most closely matched my needs . This Panasonic seemed to fit the bill , and although it was rather pricey I settled on it . Once home , I charged it up overnight and made my first call on it . Immediately my friend asked `` What 's wrong with your phone ? It sounds muffled and echoey . Are you using a speakerphone . '' Not encouraging . I then called another friend , who also accused me of using a speakerphone . A third such incident clinched it ... this phone has TERRIBLE outgoing audio . Now I hate it when somebody calls me on a substandard phone , forcing me to strain to hear them , so I wo n't inflict this sort or torture on others . Back to the store with the Panasonic , and I pulled my seven year old Uniden back out of the garage . I thought by buying an expensive phone from a reputable manufacturer -LRB- I love my two Panasonic hard-wired phones ! -RRB- I 'd be avoiding this sort of problem , but it was n't so.Incoming audio was reasonably clear -LRB- if not terribly loud -RRB- but the phone also suffers from a high level of background noise/hiss . It 's not intolerable , but why should my cheap old Uniden be so much quieter than a brand new , expensive Panasonic?A more minor gripe concerns the somewhat awkward memory dialing system ... you 've got to wade through a few menus to reach your stored entries . That I could live with , but poor sound quality is not to be tolerated in a telephone .
 I purchased this phone 1-1/2 years ago and use it as our main phone , so it does get a lot of use . The features are wonderful -LRB- for example , the length of the call stays on the display for a few seconds after hanging up so you can see how long the phone call lasted , you can see which line is in use at any time , you do n't listen to the outgoing message with each incoming -RRB- , and this was the only phone I found at the time that had everything I wanted -LRB- 2-line DSS , CallerID , speaker , answerer -RRB- . The answerer is very clear , I can erase 1 message at a time , or all messages -LRB- same thing with CallerID -RRB- . Now for the bad news
 Big disappointment . Cheaply made . T-rex model does not snap together , can not even fit together as parts are improperly molded . Microscope less functional than a magnifying lens . Volcano is ok , the plaster does work , but you must provide ingredients for the eruption . Weather center very very flimsy and breaks . I was quite surprised a name like Smithsonian would be associated with this low of quality in a product . Supplies for crystals subpar for what is required . Was an enormous disapointment after the holidays for my sons .
 Although a lot of this has been said by others , I thought it important to weigh in . My previous system was a Panasonic TGX4000B that finally gave up the ghost . It was better designed and had more features , but poorer audio quality . Almost the reverse of this unit . I have been using this unit since May , so I am pretty used to its flaws and good points . Here are my peeves : * You ca n't delete messages while you are listening to them . You have to go back and listen to them again to delete . * Same problems deleting Caller ID displays . It is a 2-3 button process . * As stated by others , you really can not know when you are interrupting someone on the other line . * Almost every phone I have used has a timer for the call . I just assumed there was one . Silly me . Makes billing clients a little more artistic . * As stated by others , the outgoing message quality stinks.OK ... now that I have slammed the phone , it does have some positives : * Apart from the outgoing message quality , the general audio quality I find to be excellent . * I work between an office and a secretarial station . Not a great distance , but never a problem in carrying the handheld . * The base unit is compact , and both units have easy-to-read displays * The message indicator on the handheld unit is noticeable . * Call conferencing was easy to use , but not because it was shown on the handheld . * I 've never had a battery problem on the handheld .
 The phone itself is OK - I agree with some of the flaws others have pointed out but they do n't bother me much . However the second of my handsets has now broken / quite working . I thought the first was a fluke ; had owned it for several years so just replaced it . I have been using this replacement for less than 6 months and today , after it dropped from a chair onto a soft floor , it quit working again . Yes , I dropped it but seriously , a phone should be made to withstand some minor trauma like this . It 's not like it was thrown or fell off a balcony . For $ 75 , I want a little better product !
 Usually I am fan of Bic products , but these mechanical pencils are awful . A local bookstore was having a clearance , and I bought a pack of two for 88 cents . For that price , I ca n't complaint . However , the quality of the lead is terrible . Every time I write with it the lead breaks . I do n't like the feel of the lead when I am writing . I do like the grip and structure of the pen , but the lead quality is bad . The eraser is bad too . When I erase , the writing smears and it does n't erase clearly . For 88 cents I wo n't complain and probably keep them . I will just use them as back up pencils . But I will not pay full price or recommend purchasing them .
 Much much smaller than I thought a large address book would be , not worth the price especially after shipping and pages are completely blank , not formatted as an address book .
 I love the size of the little Moleskine notebooks , and the pocket in the back , and the elastic closure that keeps it from getting wrinkled , but the datebook has a truly terrible layout . I was hoping for something like the FiloFax week on two pages layout , but this , as the previous reviewer described , is very awkward to use . The long , skinny columns , tiny type and difficult-to-find month names make this a truly annoying day planner . The removable address section is a nice touch , though.Unless you 're determined to have everything Moleskine , stick to the notebooks and address book -LRB- awesome ! -RRB- and give the weekly diary a miss .
 I do n't know why they changed from the old layout to the new skinny vertical columns . The old planner was a lifesaver , but this new layout is unusable . They claim to be the artist 's notebook , but what artist is really going to be breaking their day down hour by hour ? And even if someone wanted to do that , the tiny columns are worthless . Really a shame .
 I never received this product . After waiting the requisite amount of time , I sent an email and was told to contact Amazon . I did . Amazon refunded my money and a couple weeks later I was blessed with a very rude email from the seller . Great.If you want a Moleskine , I suggest you shop elsewhere . These are good notebooks , but not worth the hassle .
 I never received the product I ordered and need a refund immediately .
 Would buy as I already have several moleskine notebooks , but the international shipping costs are simply abusive . They only offer the Expedited shipping method , that turns out to be 3 times more expensive than the product .
 I purchased the Moleskin Page a Day Journal because I have alwaysloved the look and feel of their products . This quickly proved to be a bad decision . Before January was over , the binding had completely separated from the front cover . My usage of the journal had been very light until this point . The monthly pages in the front of the journal are in a vertical format as opposed to the traditional horizontal boxes . The line spacing is so tiny it renders the monthly format nearly useless.On a more personal note , people kept asking me about the ` bible ' I was carrying around the school where I work . In education as it stands today , it would be inappropriate and potentially troublesome to be perceived as carrying around religiousmaterial.A waste of time and money
 I FOUND THIS JOURNAL TOO SMALL , BUT WAS ABLE TO RETURN IT WITH NO PROBLEM .
 If you plan to use this with Asterisk , be warned . You CAN NOT use this device as true independent FXS and FXO devices like you can the Linksys SPA3102 . If you want to use it as a FXO -LRB- PSTN -RRB- device only , you can , but you MUST make it ANSWER the incoming call and hotline dial it to send it anywhere . If you are planning on using this with a software PBX like Asterisk , I recommend you see if you can find a good working example somewhere before you buy it . If you want to use it as a stand alone device to route 911 -LRB- and/or local -RRB- calls to a PSTN line and have it connect to a VoIP provider to save money , it will work great . If you want to use it to provide you with a FXS port and a FXO port and you 'll handle the SIP traffic yourself with something like Asterisk , do n't buy it .
 Bought this unit because it was one of the only -LRB- cheap -RRB- ones that support multiple VoIP accounts . Not that I use multiple providers now , but I wanted that capability for future use . So my first objective was to make it work with my existing provider -LRB- Broadvoice -RRB- . The device was configured using the provider 's configuration information , which are basically 5 settings you need to change , and did n't work . The interface allows you to change hundreds of parameters , and the manuals do n't help at all . After a couple days trying , I contacted Zoom support who is still supposedly working on the issue . They claim they used two units to try and replicate the problem . One works perfectly , the other has the same problems as the one I received.After three weeks of exchanging useless e-mails with support , I returned it.This product has a lot of potential , and I 'm sure it works for a lot of people , but it did n't work for me so hence my two stars .
 the product is very nice , but the shipping cost was extremely out of line . The item came out double the cost !!!
 I had read reviews from others on this product . I wanted it to usewith my laptop . The biggest problem is that because the top is somevery thin plastic the heat from my laptop comes right through.Therefore it does n't serve my purpose so I am not too pleased with it .
 Have had this a little over a year . It was fine at first , but after a couple months , the top began to warp from either the weight or heat from a laptop computer , for which it was purchased . It 's now so warped , that I had to add large rubber feet to the laptop computer , as the warped desk top plastic was blocking the air vents for the computer.Recommended only for papers , but definitely NOT for a computer due to the thin plastic top which will not hold its shape .
 This lap desk was a dissappointment . I do not recommend it . The cushion was filled with styrofoam and the desk surface was styrofoam covered with tan plastic . The pencil rest was glued on and you can see the dried glue oozing out . A very cheap product that I would not recommend . I went to Office Max and purchased a much better constructed lap desk with real wood surface and gel cushion for not that much more that your lap desk.Posture-Rite Lap Desk
 This is the worst item I 've ever bought online . The cloth is a horrible burgandy and looks like it was made from a cheap set of curtains from a discount store . It is extremely underfilled with tiny styrofoam balls . The top is the worst part of all . It 's a cheap , tan , molded plastic that has little pieces of cellophane sticking out all around the edges . The fabric and pencil holder are stained with dried glue used to piece it together . I was going to give this to my grandmother but I 've seen better craftsmanship in the dollar store . This is going straight back to the seller . I do n't care if I do n't get my shipping cost back . Do n't be fooled by the 4 and 1/2 star average rating . Do not buy this item . You can strap a board to a pillow and it will probably look better .
 I purchased this Posture Rite lapdesk almost exactly a year ago -LRB- June 19 , 2007 -RRB- . Already the seams are giving way , leaving me and my couch covered in tiny Styrofoam pellets . I 've tried superglue , staples , binder clips , everything I can think of , but the pellets keep slipping out through the shoddy seams . This was a waste of money .
 What a Joke , Cheap plastic design with a glued on pencil holder . Glue was all over the area where it was glued on . Too much money for what you get .
 I have had this phone for a year and have had problems with Keys sticking and not switching from speaker to the hand set . I have had calls dropped when selecting the speaker phone and then hanging up the phone on the cradle . I bought this phone because ATT has been always reliable . It is just like the rest . Why ca n't someone make a decent home office phone ? We can put men on the Moon .
 I HAVE OWNED MY BELL CORDLESS PHONE , MODEL 39705 , FOR 5 YEARS AND AFTER DISCONNECTING IT DUE TO MOVING , AND RECONNECTING IT , IT EMITS A 2 SECOND LONG BEEP APPROXIMATELY EVERY 5 MINUTES . THIS IS EXTREMELY ANNOYING . I HAVE LEFT MESSAGES AT THE CUSTOMER SUPPORT LINE -LRB- 1-800-888-8990 -RRB- AS INSTRUCTED , BUT NO ONE RETURNS MY CALLS . I AM READY TO DUMP THE THING AND OBVIOUSLY PURCHASE A DIFFERENT BRAND .
 If you 're looking to buy a phone , do n't put this one on your list . I 've had it about two years and have had nothing but problems . The battery constantly needed recharging even though it had been replaced . The static was unbearable at times . Now , most of the buttons do n't work and even though it 's fully charged , it rarely works . Do n't bother with this one .
 this flag did not last one month and you wonder why people buy from china and japan total waste of money
 Today we had to take down this flag after a little over two months of use . It completely split down the middle and was two seperate flags . This is definitly not a high grade outside flag .
 This flag only lasted 6 months and is all frayed would n't recommend you ever buy this item . this is not a good flag
 The product description was n't clear on whether feet were contained , but `` products frequently purchased with '' included the feet . I should have called but went ahead and ordered the extra feet . The panel does include feet , unfortunately neither set attached as directions show . I 'm really disappointed with the poor quality of product HON is selling currently . When I called about returns , shipping at my expense would cost 50 % of my refund .
 Not good , even when I turned off my wireless LAN . Poorly made and not durable at all . The 2.4 G range is too croweded and we live on a half an acre . Siemens dissapoints . Will not buy a 2.4 G again . Someone needs to develop a bluetooth that uses a different frequency .
 Dimensions
 This paper was listed as 210gm -- quite thick paper , usable for postcards . What was sent was 150gm -- very thin . The print quality is not bad . Ok for DVD case covers .
 I returned this item immediately after the first try -- The coins jumped right back out of the machine instead of going into the wrappers .
 THis item will sort quarters nickles and dimes just `` OK '' If you have pennies they end up in the nickle slot . The dimes end up in the penney slot quite a bit . I have to keep out the pennies and keep transfering dimes from the penney slot to the dime slot . Quarters work well but would not purchase this item again .
 The product is cheap ! I think that the cheap plastic gears should be metal . The machine does n't count the coins wich i am not angry about , but the coins could be too low or too much . It is not really fast . I think that the product needs improvments .
 A couple minutes after opening I decided to put the sorter to use . It jams every so often if you try to load a bunch of coins in it or go too fast . You have to seem to load an extra coin in yourself to make the tubes have the correct amount of money in them , the top always seems to be a coin short . Ive had a couple pennies fall into the dime tube out of about half a mug of coins .
 The coin sorter is fine for kids , but is clumsy and worse , inaccurate . There were pennies in the nickel slot , dimes in with the quarters , and almost always over or short in each column . These over/shortages may be ok for a kid or weekend yard-seller , but for the banking and business world , there has to be a more accurate sorter .
 I 'm horribly disappointed with this very poorly made sorter . I have had to permanently take some screws out so I can open it and unclog all the coins . I can not roll one thing of pennies without having to open/shake/rattle this machine and the tubes .
 This coin sorter is very , very inaccurate . Coins go in wrong slots and impossible to know if you have the right amount in the tube or not . Manually counting the coins either come up short or over .
 1 . Coin sorter does not accurately sort to the exact amount on each coin wrapper . I think another reviewer mentioned this also . It comes up short by a coin so if you want to manually add that in , then go ahead . But to me , that is just poor product design ! 2 . It does jam more frequently than I thought it would . I think you have to place the coins a certain way to reduce jamming.Anyway , this is going back . It 's a shame because it would be a great little machine if it could do the one thing it 's supposed to do - sort the correct number of coins in each coin wrapper . Ugh . .
 This product started out strong , then turned into junk . It is suitable only for light-duty , occasional use only.First , it does not load ` after-market ' paper sleeves . Once the paper sleeves its delivered with are full , it will never smoothly fill the tubes again.I found the counts to be off by one coin . I always had to add a quarter , nickel , or dime to make a full roll after the coins started sliding off the tubes.After sorting about US$ 600 of change , it started jamming . I had to disassemble it more then once to clear coins out of the machine . Once the jamming started , the jams became more frequent . Eventually , the crank started skipping . The jamming apparently caused the plastic gears to become stripped.Now , the crank spins and spins . When it ` catches ' about every tenth crank , it works fine . I had to trash the machine , cause ' I was just spinning my wheels ' . This product is worth about US$ 15 only . It not worth any more .
 This product was poorly designed . The quarters and nickels sort fine , but the dimes frequently sort into the penny slot and at times the pennies sort into the nickel slot . The pennies and dimes overshot their respective slots at least 50 % of the time no matter how slowly the user turns the crank.Also , this product should be re-categorized in the children 's toy section . It is not sophisticated enough for an adult . I purchased this item as a present for my husband , it was a little embarrassing to see a picture of a 5-year-old on the box as if this item was designed for children . This sorter is cheaply constructed and has childish colors .
 I tried this out for about 10 minutes.Pros : Does n't require batteries.Cons : The coins will get jammed and you 'll have to reverse to clear it.The coins will jump over the paper rolls and fall into the reservoir even if the roll is n't full.You will get nickels in the quarter rolls and dimes in the penny rolls.It takes up a lot of space -LRB- about three times that of the one in my link -RRB- . It is expensive -LRB- about $ 5 more than the battery one in my link -RRB- I felt like it was loud enough to wake up the house.If you get a Sacagawea dollar in , you have to take out all of the rolls and any coins in the reservoir to turn the whole thing upside down and shake the coin out . With the one in my link , you can just take the top off and pull out anything that falls in.I used to have the one below and it was quiet , accurate , and less bulky.Money Miser Coin Bank - Money Miser
 I bought this Manual Coin Sorter , and it works extremely well . But , the plastic material that it is manufactured with gives off a harsh , choking , and toxic plastic smell . I could almost see the fumes coming from this material -LRB- made in china -RRB- . The chemical smell fills the entire room . I was impelled to donate this piece of junk to GoodWill because of the headache causing odors . Kiss my purchase price goodbye ! Skip this and do your mind and body a favor . -- evil smell in Portland
 The coin stacks on this sorter are consistently 1-3 coins short , no matter how tightly the coins are packed into the wrappers , so unless you 're prepared to count as the coins go in -LRB- and really , that 's the point of buying a sorter , is n't it ? So you do n't have to count ? -RRB- , you 're going to come up several dollars short across a couple hundred dollars worth of assorted wrapped coins . Do n't waste your money .
 You get what you pay for . This device sorts the coins in the proper tube , that is , the coins that do n't miss the tubes . Roughly one third do not make it to the designated coin tubes , falling out beneath the device . You just scoop them up and toss them back in the chute .
 I searched for a coin sorter with decent reviews , and thought I had made a good choice . I boxed it back up the same day I got it for return because it did not accurately sort the coins . IThe other problem I found is , even with filling to the brim of the individual coin areas , they were about 3 coins short on every roll . I used this properly and it did not do what it says it does . If your bank does n't care about short stacks or wrong coins in the stacks , you may not mind . My bank is not so easy-going . From now on I 'll use CoinStar and get an Amazon certificate .
 Changed my mind . What an utter annoyance . I had to continuously dump out the coin tubes to get at the pennies and dimes that were sorted inaccurately . I had to turn the crank so slow it was not worth the hassle . I wound up , after 5 hours of use , manually sorting the coins and then having to count the tubes to verify they contained the accurate number of coins . For all that hassle , I can save myself $ 30 and just do it by hand anyways . Returned the item . Perhaps it is okay as a kid 's toy , but not for anyone who seriously is looking for a time saver .
 I read the product reviews before purchasing this sorter ... but , I 'm wondering if the reviews I read are for the same product -LRB- MS1-Manual Coin Sorter , 1-Row , 7-19/64 `` x9-7 / 64 `` x8-19 / 64 , Blue -RRB- . I do not recommend this sorter -LRB- MS-1 -RRB- as it is not worth the money or trouble!This sorter is too inaccurate for any use ; it routinely sorted coins into the wrong slots -LRB- pennies in the nickel slot , dimes in with the quarters , etc -RRB- and is virtually always over or short in each coin row which , in my opinion , is not acceptable even for a kid or weekend yard-seller . What 's the point of inaccurately sorting coins?Furthermore , the coins consistently overshoot the chutes and fall on the table or floor ... really a pain ! I should have returned it and suggest you spend your money on something fun or useful .
 I do n't have that much change , so I thought a hand-crank coin sorter would work well for me as opposed to an automatic counter/sorter . I put over $ 40 of change through this product and had an absolutely terrible time with it . It did not put an accurate OR consistent amount of coins in the wrappers . I found myself counting each roll of change , some were off by a coin or two ... some were off by as much as eight coins . At the end of the day , I 'd rather spend a little more up front and not worry about double checking each roll of coins .
 This is a really cool idea and works very smoothly . My kids had a blast sorting all their change.The real problem is that when I double-checked a few rolls , the count was short by one or two coins in each roll . This was using the manufacturers own paper rolls . I ended up not putting the rolls in the plastic tubes before sorting and instead transfering the coins into the rolls after they were sorted into the plastic tubes . I had to note for each coin , the fill point for each tube to get accurate results.I could get around this problem , but for the money , it should provide an accurate count.One other note - if you turn the handle the wrong way -LRB- counterclockwise -RRB- the coins go into the wrong slot . Must be turned clockwise to get everything to go into the right slot . Not a big deal , but I noticed this was a common complaint . Unlike the inaccuracy , the sorting problem is easily avoided .
 I bought this unit based on other reviews and of course cost . Found the unit easy enough to operate but the unit jams easily and is sometimes difficult to unjam . if by chance you have a foreign coin in the mix it really becomes difficult . the wrappers i think are best if they are the stiff ones which are sold with the unit i found it very difficult to use the ones you get from the bank.there is alwasy the question as to how full is full when it comes to filling the tubes , very easy to put in one too many or one too less which creates a tendency to want to manual count the coins . I had high hopes but had to return the unit . -LRB- which was painless with amazon -RRB- thanks
 Though the idea of this machine was intriguing , it was useless . Many different coins went down slots meant for different denominations and it kept getting stuck . A shame , a waste of money .
 terrible product , Amazon should not even carry this item . Within 2 min of using it stated to jam . I have wasted more time trying to clean out these jams than using product . Garbage - best way to say without getting too graphic . Have a jam now that I can not clear and give-up . No more time will be wasted by me on this junk . Do not waste your time buying .
 I got this to upgrade from my clunky older electronic dictionary . Some upgrade ! It lacked five words from a Woody Allen book , several from Bill Bryson , some from Thurston Clarke . I just gave up trying to find anything . For the price and its claims I expected much more . I would gladly have my old clunky back , but it went to the Goodwill Store.My old clunky electronic dictionary was doing okay but I had upgraders syndrome and went for this one . Wrong mover ! Besides missing tons of words , surprise ! It does not , like the older model , give the word derivations ! This was a cruel blow.The lid is really hard to open and I have considered just tearing it off.This model has tons of features but the old clunky was much easier to operate.I am thinking of using my Mozilla Internet Dictionary , or going for the Oxford CD Rom.Maybe someday these manufacturers will realize that when some of us go to buy a dictionary , we expect to find words in it , instead of games and five-language translators.There is just no substitute for a good dictionary .
 i gave it one star because this product is wrongfully advertised there is NO usb connectivity you can not update it . overall it is a pretty good product , worth the $ 44.00 ; with the features , the multiple lines of text and flip cover .
 Pro : Cheap , Con : When turn it on , it does n't automatic enter to the dictionary . You have to selected dictionary , so you 're wasting time . New words in English language seem not there . The front size is very small to read , and visibility is poor . You will need an eye 20/20 to use it . As far translation is concerned 40 % of the time that thing ca n't .
 This electronic dictonary has no lighted display and it is very hard to read even in the day time . Of course in the night it is unable to read the display . May be the dictornary is fine but unable to read it , what is the useJJ
 First time around , the item arrived promptly and in good condition . Worked for ~ 2 weeks , then the screen went blank . Changing the battery did n't do a thing . Called the seller , who responded quickly and sent a new unit rapidly to me . However , the new unit started malfunctioning within 2 days -LRB- pressing any key brought up the screen message `` this key is ineffective '' . no improvement with resetting and turning on-off -RRB- . While one malfunctioning unit may well be an accident , two is harder to understand . I 'm getting my money back this time !
 I bought this back in 2008 when I needed a small , portable dictionary/thesaurus while traveling . It worked reasonably well for the price but I have a few complaints : - Entries are somewhat limited . It has no listings for about a 1/3 of the words I look up . - No auto-fill while typing a query , you have to type the entire word before finding out if it 's listed or not . - Display broke relatively soon after purchase , no repair options.This last point upsets me most . A whole row of the display went out , making it unusable . Called Franklin but because I bought it thru Amazon they said `` sorry , warranty is up , nothing we can do '' . No repair options , no exchange/upgrade offers , no recycling , zilch . Granted , I got a year and a half of use out of it but now it 's just another chunk of electronic debris .
 could n't figure out how to get old batteries out , went to company website , was advised to `` just bring it to radio shack '' for battery replacement ... radio shack for a battery replacement ?? ridiculous.last franklin product i own .
 I HATE THIS ITEM . IT BEARLY HAS ANY WORDS.IT SHUTS OFF WHEN IT FEELS LIKEIT .
 The combination the screen and the font color makes the dictionary very difficult to use . Buy more advanced version to see the word easily .
 I really like the features of the calculator , but no matter how careful you are , the battery compartment door will break . I 've had four of them , and the same exact thing happened to every one of them , without ever having been dropped or abused in any way . The plastic holding the battery compartment door has broken off and been laying on the desk without the caluclator even having been touched . When it breaks in this manner , the batteries loose contact and all data is lost . It 's to bad an otherwise great product has to have a design flaw like this .
 I had the HP 12C for many years , and when they introduced the HP 19B ii Business Consultant , I bought it . Great machine , and speed , and comfortable to use . However the ONLY drawback is the battery compartment . I think either the battery compartment springs are too strong so that we have to really press the batteries very hard to slip on the battery compartment cover , or the cover design is so bad that it does not ever close properly . I had compalined to HP years ago , but with no result of a replacement . I still use this machine very sparingly , being more comfortable with the HP 12C . So much so that I had bought the 12C a few more times to give as gifts to friends .
 I had first bought my HP19BII in 1993 when the PDA 's did n't exist . The ability -LRB- short when compared to the newer PDA 's -RRB- for archiving text , formulas and agenda were the most appealing features at that time . But I got frustrated ... The HP19BII is so fragile when compared to the rugged and reliable HP12c that I do not recommend anyone to buy it . Everyone I know that has an HP19bII -LRB- or its scientific counterpart , the HP20 -RRB- had the battery compartment broken . Thiscalculator has this incredible project flaw ! If you are wanting to buy just a financial calculator , your choice should be the HP12c . If you are wanting more than a calculator , buy a PDA instead . By the way , I now only use an HP12c and my broken HP19bII is comdemned to get dust .
 I do own one of these but for serious day-by-day calculation at work I prefer the 12C , it is much more easy to use and much more robust .
 I did order 2 Sharp EL733A Business Calculators but I was shipped 2 Sharp EL-738 models instead . Do not even come close to the EL733A in my opinion however they are nice calculators and it was more hassle than it was worth to try to ship the wrong ones back so I just kept them .
 I have ordered EL 733A and i got some other model that too not working .
 I had to buy this calculator for a finance class . I did not like it . The buttons are small and stick at times . But most students are stuck in a hard place since it is required for business classes .
 This is my first financial calculator . . I bought it to use in my first Business Finance class of which ... i found out for some reason this calculator likes to round up N -LRB- number of years -RRB- . You ca n't program it so it does n't round up . Verdict ... you have to jump through a few hoops of which i still have to talk to an HP `` specialist '' about so i can figure out how to get an ALMOST accurate answer . I wish i would have bought a different calculator ... i wo n't ever get the correct answer for my tests . HP should have thought of this . They are n't open on the weekends to ask any questions about and my search using the web for a resolution came up empty handed .
 Have previously purchased three HP 12C calculators over the years . The third one developed a problem with the # 3 sticking and then becoming unresponsive . Purchased a forth and found immediately that the decimal key must be held for several seconds to have a chance of working.The first two HP 12C are over 15 years old and work perfectly so the quality in producing these calculators seems to have greatly diminished.Will not purchase another .
 I 've used this HP12C Chinese version for 18 months with great satisfaction . However , now the `` 1 '' key and `` 7 '' key have a problem . Intermittently when I press the key to the point of getting tactile feedback , -LRB- the click feel -RRB- , the number is not entered . If I press harder , the number does enter . But on fast calculations , I do n't look at the display , I just enter a series of numbers and operations and now & then -LRB- several times each day -RRB- , the answer is clearly wrong and the reason is because one of the entries is missing a `` 1 '' or `` 7 . '' Physically the calculator is great ... no missing feet , etc. . But since it is now prone to erroneous calculations , I 'll be retiring it and going back to one of my older versions made in the US or Malaysia.Original Review ... This is in response to a few earlier reviews that said the Chinese version of the HP12C Calculator now being shipped is cheap compared to previous versions . Not my experience . In front of me are the US version -LRB- 30 + years old , all four rubber foot pads missing -RRB- , the Malaysian version -LRB- ~ 15 years old , missing two rubber foot pads and the survivor of a spilled wine dunking last summer -RRB- , and the just received Chinese version . One review said the new Chinese version is light when held . It weighs 122 grams , the older two both weigh 115 grams . They feel the same when held . One review said the new keys are loose in the case and rattle if you shake the calculator ... not true on my Chinese version or the older versions . In the older Malaysian version , the keys might rattle a little when shaken , but they are not loose when used as a calculater . The older versions have amazing tactile feel after so many years of use . The new one seems a little better , on a blind test another person preferred the feel of the new Chinese version . In addition to giving the excellent tactile feedback , the keys on the new one give a slight audible click when pushed that is a slight advantage over the earlier versions . And the foot pads on the new one are outstanding , the HP12C feels like it is locked down on my glass topped desk while the aged versions slip around when used with one hand -LRB- the old foot pads disappeared over the years , but compared to the two remaining pads on my Malasian version , the new ones are thicker and I think they 're attached better ... time will tell -RRB- And its much faster ... a surprise to see the answer on long calculations pop up instantaneously rather than seeing the `` running ... '' response on the older versions . I 'm not sure why the batteries have changed ... the old ones seemed to last forever . In summary , I think its an improved version of a great old product .
 Yes , this calculator makes mistakes . Try doing a simple calculation like finding a loan payment , but use a loan term that is not an integer -LRB- i.e. , something with a decimal like 36.5 months -RRB- . Compare your answer with the same calculation done in a PC spreadsheet . By jove , the answers are different . The spreadsheet gives the correct answer . Our office in a major financial institution discovered this flaw 12 years ago . Who will ever use loan amortization terms with decimal places ? Most finance professionals will run into this at some point . Also , students will most certainly be given a problem to solve like this . If they use this calculator , they will get the wrong answer . If the calculator ca n't do this basic calculation , what other wrong answers will it give ? I have not waited to find out . What is also bothersome is that surely HP knows about this flaw but has continued selling this as-is for many years . I do n't know if the other HP models also have this flaw . I used a Sharp financial calculator for years , but now that it no longer works , I will definitely stay away from this when shopping for a new one .
 Do NOT get this calculator . It is old , outdated , non-intuitive and slow . There is a better choice that is just as -LRB- if not more -RRB- accepted in the financial world
 Although I am certain this calculator will someday serve me as I expected when I purchased it , it is hard to learn . I suggest having a course on the fundamental usages . There should be a `` manual for dummies '' or first time users guide . It is very difficult to understand .
 ... This calculateor is really a piece of junk , and should deserve negative star rating . This calculator is build with 80s technology -LRB- too old , and should retire or simply die -RRB- . Is HP a high tech company that providing us new and fast product , or a company that selling antiques . I am confused . Bond YTM and IRR calculations are very slow . It takes a few minutes to calculate some problems . TI BAII Plus can give you answers to any problem almost instantly . It 's just fast . TI BAII Plus is also very user friendly -LRB- work sheet format -RRB- . It 's very easy to review the data . You need to RCL a register to review data with HP 12C . For some calculations , you ca n't even review the data , such as statistics . So if you have a wrong entry , then you know what you are going to get . Garbage in garbage out . Do you want that happen in the CFA exam?I do n't know why HP still keeps this antique around , and claims it 's the standard of the industry . Give me a break . It may be the starndard in the past -LRB- 80s -RRB- , but definitely not the standard in the 21st century when time is everything , more than just money . How many 2-minute waiting periods can you afford to lose when you are in the CFA exam.So , if you really want to spend that much money , then buy two TI BAII Plus calculators , use one for backup in the exam . TI BAII Plus is the best choice in term of price and performance . HP 12C is good choice if you want to give it your grandgrandgrand children for antique collection.By the way HP stands for High Price and Horrible Performance . HP is no longer waht it used to be . It may be the `` King of Inkjet '' -LRB- it 's becoming a thing of past with competitions from cannon and epson , and may lose the injet war in the future -RRB- , it 's definitely not the King of Calculator . HP lost the calculator war a long time ago . TI has the best calculators -LRB- scientific , graphic , and financial -RRB- .
 The calucator is excellent for its purposes but i find it faulty . The digit ` zero ' does not respond when the key is pressed and when it does more than one ` zeros ' are displayed on the LCD .
 Need I say more ? Three of the buttons are in the wrong place . One of them is n't even labeled , I had to look at the website picture to figure this out.Thanks for the outsourcing .
 About a year after I purchased , one of the digit places lost two bars , so now it 's nearly impossible to read the digit . I called HP tech support . They went through the reset drills with me . Nada . Since my 1-year warranty had expired , the guy told me I was out of luck . I never took this calculator out of my office , and I never spilled a thing on it . I had another 12-c for over 20 years . I will never buy another HP product . Grumpy ? Maybe , but HP could have made me a champion of their brand by offering to fix it for a small fee . Or not . I 'm out .
 HP has significantly changed the way they design or manufacture their calculators over the years . I purchased my first HP 12c more than 15 years ago , and now that it has been dropped more than a `` million '' times I decided to get a replacement . Compared to my original HP 12c , the new one I received has a `` slower '' processor and the numbers seem to `` creep '' up to the display -LRB- I 've check the performance with multiple sets of batteries -RRB- . Also , the keys do not seem to have a firm `` detent '' and one needs to check the numbers before entering or performing any calculations . These two issues alone compel me to question the integrity of HP products - currently and future purchases . The bottom line ... . I feel I should have spent $ 10 for this calc rather then the $ 70 HP asked for . The HP 12c is not being built as a `` Sherman Tank '' any more , so I would certainly look around before settling on an accurate , robust calculator you can depend on .
 poorly manyufactured . I have that is approx 15 yrs old and while slower has never let me down . This is the second and last one I ordered from amazon the first one the 1 didnt work at all this time the replacement has numbers that stick ! Made in China of course
 I have owned and used a 12C for more than 25 years . I just just bought my 3rd 12C and I have to say I am really disappointed in the quality of the product . This product is a cash cow for HP and it seems they are trying to squeeze more margin out of an already high margin product by cutting corners which reduces the quality . Prime example are the keys . In the past the keys were well fitted in the calculator casing to give it a solid feel . Now the keys jiggle within the casing , especially if you hold it upside down and lightly shake it back and forth . I would suggest HP to have a serious discussion with the product manager in charge of the 12C . You have gone from a quality product to a cheap Chinese knock off . Had I known this when I bought it I would have found another alternative .
 I have used the HP-12c for years and wanted to get an extra , hoping to get a complete set of user manuals . The `` new '' HP-12C arrived in original packaging but I was disappointed that HP chose to not provide the printed user manuals , instead they sent one small booklet and then a CD . Also , it was not possible to get the calculator into the case , the fit was just too tight . After pushing the calculator into the case , it tore in the bottom corner . HP always did a nice job with their calculators , but the cheapness of the case and lack of manuals did not impress me , I guess compromising quality is a way to save money . One area they went all out for was the packaging , Getting this thing out of the package was a chore !!!
 I am writing this review here because I could not get registered on the HP forum despite trying many times . This review should not be considered a reflection on Amazon because I know that they would have replaced this defective item had I purchased it from them.On Sept 27 , 2011 , I received an HP 12C Financial calculator as a present . It was new - sealed in its bubble pack which had never been opened . In working thru the first example in the user manual , I discovered that the `` g '' function letters printed on the lower side of the keys were not readable due to poor printing during manufacture . This makes the calculator mostly unusable for me or anyone else . I then compared them with the `` g '' function letters on my 30 year old HP 11C Scientific calculator -LRB- being used daily which are still easily readable . And then looked at a new 11C in an office supply store - it was also easily readable.Several weeks after registering this product , I emailed HP twice explaining the problem but never received a reply . Today I phoned HP concerning the unreadable letters and was turned down for any remedy because of having no purchase receipt . Of course I have no receipt - this was a gift ! I have no idea where it was purchased . That did not matter to the support person . He tried his best to tell me that if the letters were on the keys , then they were readable and he could do nothing without a receipt . So much for HP customer service.As far as I can tell , the calculator is otherwise in good working order.So , I am stuck with this unusable device which I wanted badly because of having had such good service with my HP 12C . My opinion of HP is considerably lower than it used to be and it will take some doing for me to ever purchase another HP product .
 If , like me , you have nostalgia for the HP 12C , you may be disappointed by the new ones . Mostly I noticed it in the edges of the keys . They were sharper , less rounded.Still I would have kept it -LRB- my old one had died after 15 years -RRB- , if the darned thing had worked . But it did not . After a few keystrokes , it would simply shut down . I suspect that wherever HP is outsourcing the manufacture of this to is not watching the quality control .
 This is my third HP 12C calculator and the only one that is more trouble than it is worth . The numbers duplicate and triplicate when being entered , the totals jump making the calculations unreliable . I frequently need to recalculate my computations to ensure they are accurate . I loved this calculator and have been using this model for over ten years . I 've had this particular calculator for about six months and it is less reliable than the $ 5 basic models you can pick up at any Target or Walmart.I read the reviews before purchasing this calculator and only made the purchase because the photo of the back showed it was made in Malaysia . It was n't ; it was made in China where the others with poor reviews were produced.Does anyone know of a good , comparable replacement model?I emailed HP tech support and was told to call in to get a replacement . When they couldnt fix my calculator over the phone with quick fixes , I was informed that I do not have a warranty as my Amazon purchase was actually a repurchase from another company . Now that HP support has assisted me , I get 0 for my calculation totals sometimes instead of a total . That 's a new but still incorrect calculation !
 It seems that the only thing that has changed from HP for this legendary calculator has changed for the worst . A reviewer in March of 2010 noted that the manual that came with the calculator was easy to follow . I just received my calculator a few days ago and there was no printed manual/user 's guide . Instead , there was a nearly useless `` quick start '' guide that just describes each key , and the actual user 's guide on a disk . Since there are no additional useful items on the disk , such as an interactive tutorial or an increased number of examples to supplement the original user 's guide , the only justification for the switch by HP is saving the company money in printing and packaging costs . But if I have to sit in front of a computer to use my calculator , I may as well just use my spreadsheet . I could print out the entire user 's guide myself at an additional cost of $ 20 , but then it would not be nicely bound and easily carried with me wherever I need it . If this were a computer peripheral , then HP could reasonably expect people to sit in front of a computer to use it . But the reason you buy a calculator is to not have to be in front of a computer . This calculator remains expensive , and HP should provide a full printed version of the user 's guide , as they did in the past . I am contacting HP to see if they still have printed user guides available . Excellent calculator , but the user 's guide is a main reason it is so well regarded . Very disappointed with HP in this respect .
 I work in a mortgage office where 80 % of my co-workers have this calculator because it 's the one management recommends . Did I mention that my company has a contract with HP ? Can anyone say `` conflict of interest '' ? I 've been in the financial business for 10 years , and my Texas Instruments BA-II does exactly the same job with easier-to-understand buttons , at half the price .
 Funny how any negative review on this calculator instantly receives a negative helpful vote . Check it out
 What reason is there to buy a calculator TODAY that was designed a quarter of a century ago ? And at THAT price ? I thought people who work in finance knew how to put their money to better use .
 I have an HP 48GX that has been kicking for more than twenty years and an HP 11 that is more than 25 years old and still flawless . I have had this 12C for about 18 months and the number 5 key is already giving me trouble -LRB- have to press hard for it to register -RRB- . No drops , no abuse . The overall feel of this new HP is cheaper plastic . The keys feel hollow and light . The available functions are great . This is a classic calculator . But the functions are no good if the keys stop working ...
 As might be expected from a calculator whose design has apparently remained unchanged over the past two decades , it 's easy to use . That 's the good news.The bad news is that the processor evidently has n't been updated in the past two decades either . It takes an astonishing 5 seconds to return the result of a compound interest calculation that the 17BII returns almost instantly.Don ' t buy this calculator unless you collect museum pieces . It 's a dog .
 This is really a ZERO star review . I have used an old-style HP-12C for over twenty years and never had a problem . I used it through undergrad and two masters degrees , all in business , so my calculator got a workout . Despite looking a bit beat-up , my original HP-12C still works flawlessly . I was excited when the new 12C with ARM technology came-out -LRB- it is the one with two batteries -RRB- . For the first year it was great and blazing fast but now it 's not working well at all . Specifically :1 -RRB- The display screen cuts off the bottoms of numbers at least 50 % of the time .2 -RRB- Some keys , specifically the zero , seven , and eight , do not register when depressed . When pressed harder they register multiple numbers on the screen .3 -RRB- The multiplication button often registers multiple entries when depressed once.These problems have become so frequent that I 'm correcting mistakes more often than not . It has become unusable . Do not waste your money on this Made In China garbage . The faster ARM speed -LRB- especially for IRR , TMV , and bonds -RRB- is great , but if one has to keep correcting mistakes the benefit is lost . You 're better off buying an older model -LRB- with three button batteries -RRB- off ebay.Luckily I retained my old college 12c . The new one is heading for the bin .
 I am writing this review , because even though it 's a great calculator , unfortunately it does not work properly -LRB- I have problems with key # 1 , needs to be pushed too strong and then it `` prints '' number 1 twice at least -RRB- , and I do not know who to contact or what to do to raise this problem .
 I use the HP12c almost every day for financial planning and have worn out four of them.Each time I buy a replacement , I am surprised by the reduced quality.The last one I purchased works , but its a bit of junk . Shame on you HP . For this price I do n't need sticky keys , a degraded case , and a fragile cover.If you can find an old one , in good condition , buy that . At this price , HP should be building a quality product , but alas , they now build junk.HP has , unfortunately , lost its way .
 I was annoyed to discover that in tvm calculations the machine rounds up the number of periods and there is no way to prevent it . This is also stated in the manual . Lest someone is tempted to call this a feature , consider that the `` feature '' has been removed from more recent financial calculators -LRB- thus solving for 'n' on the 17BII correctly displays the fractional part whenever appropriate -RRB- . Also , the construction is somewhat sloppy ; on my sample the keys rattles when the calculator is shaken and the Enter key is labeled slightly off-center . Doubtless , the HP 12C makes a powerful fashion statement on everyone 's desk , next to that typewriter and rotary phone . Those who value substance over style , however , should look elsewhere .
 I recently purchased a new 12C hoping that the poor quality reported in other reviews was not true . Unfortunately it was . My new 12C had several keys that were soft to the touch instead of having a firm click and several had to be pressed just right for the keystroke to registers . We own two 80 's era 12C 's which are wonderful . The only reason now to buy a 12C is nostalgia , otherwise the HP 30b is a wonderful , high quality financial calculator that does what the 12C does and more .
 Even though I do not own this particular phone I did buy a NWB phone after having my orginal phone for 40 years . It lasted 5 months . You can not get through on their help line and they do not answer their e-mails . I had to buy another AT&T phone so BEWARE ON BUYIBG THIS BRAND !
 I have bought and used this calculator before but not from this supplier . I was traveling went it arrived so I did n't open the package for a month . When I did open the calculator did n't work and when I contacted the supplier they said it was two late . I was 3 days after the cut off . I would never buy from these people again .
 Great calculator , and HP 's excellent manual does the job . HOWEVER , it should last . The early HP25 could be dropped off the table , and I still have one - unfortunately the battery died , or it would be active still . The operator keys stopped working on my 17BII . Power came on , self-test would n't test , and the operator -LRB- + - x , etc. -RRB- had no effect . People should buy HP calculators because they work well , they are well documented and they LAST . No matter how marvelous a calculator is , if the keys do n't work , it is less than a paperweight.Charles Elliott
 I have owned an HP 12C for years . I thought that getting this more modern calculator would be better because of it 's menu driven interface . I like the interface although i still like the form factor of the 12C better . But what really bothers me is the display . The contrast to get the menu 's to work is awful . You have to look at the display at just the right angle to see the numbers . Really poor design . If they corrected this flaw , which i consider major , then i would vote for it over the 12C . With the display flaw however , my vote goes to the 12C . It is plenty fast enough for the majority of standard financial calculations . It 's form factor is great . It is a classic .
 I bought this for my son for his Financial class . When he received it , the calculator did not have any batteries . It would have been nice if they indicated that batteries were not included . Now I am having to search around to purchase batteries .
 My HP 10B finally busted , and i ordered this one . It worked for all above 5 minutes and then entire rows of keys quit working -LRB- similar to what mine did -RRB- . Companies should not sell products that are not thoroughly tested . Unbelievable .
 after i received product , i was wondering . coz it is a wrong product . what i got is 14 , is not 10 !!!!! Can i reture it without post fee . coz i think i do not have responsible for receiving wrong product !
 This calculator was very easy to learn how to use and was inexpensive . The problem however was that you had to press the keys `` dead center '' . Any deflection on any key stroke would not give a result . This got old very quickly . After 6 months of use no amount of care in pressing the keys would allow a valid calculation.This time I 'll try HP .
 This calculator was very easy to learn how to use and was inexpensive . The problem however was that you had to press the keys `` dead center '' . Any deflection on any key stroke would not give a result . This got old very quickly . After 6 months of use no amount of care in pressing the keys would allow a valid calculation.This time I 'll try HP .
 I am disappointed in the product as it is a Texas Instruments BAII Plus not the Real Estate mortgage calculator that is on the screen now nor the one advertised , or the one I needed . I doubt very much that I will buy anything used this way again .
 Being from Texas and wanting to purchase an American-made product , I purchased this calculator as a first for my daughter who is in the 3rd grade . I was excited because the appearance of the calculator made it look quite easy to use , however , this being the first day we 've had it , we 've had to hit `` Reset '' at least 8 times . Furthermore , when we take it out and press `` On , '' it does n't turn on . She was frustrated as am I seeing as how my graphing calculator in college was more self-explanatory than this basic instrument . Ironically , it was also made by Texas Instruments . Needless to say , I 'm ordering her another one and hopefully we 'll have better luck next round .
 I am an appraiser and use desk calculators beside my pc keyboard . I have been using TI calculators for many years , but this one is not very good IMO . The buttons are not sensitive -LRB- no feedback -RRB- , one must press firmly and look and the display to make sure the numbers entered are correct . Even when pressing firmly , frequently the numbers do not register . The memory -LRB- + , - -RRB- functions are also non responsive - there is no indication -LRB- feeback -RRB- the numbers have been recognized/entered . Other units I have used at least blink each time the M + or M - buttons are pressed . Recently , I have had better luck with Casios and will give one a try .
 Very attractive calculator , but note that it 's discontinued . On/Off , + / - , % are all on the left side and I just could n't get used to it .
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM IN JULY AND THE NUMBER 9 IS FROZEN IN THE WINDOW.I CAN NOT ENTER ANY NUMBERS OR DELETE THE # 9 . HOW DO I RETURN THIS ITEM ?
 I purchased this item at the Navy Exchange yesterday thinking it was a good price . It looked good in the plastic wrapping but now that I have it on my desk at home I 'm not real happy with it . It is cheaply made although it looks okay . The buttons on it are not set well and some are loose and you twist them to make them upright . I always thought Texas Instruments made great products but not sure now ... email me at jerryjackson@hawaii.rr.com .
 I bought 25 of these for my classes to use during exams . About 6 years later only 5 work . The displays of the rest have some non-functioning segments , ranging from 2 segments to all of them ! It looks like they perform the calculation correctly but do not display the results properly . Changing the internal battery had no effect . They will have to tbe trashed.Also , the buttons have to be pushed hard and rock while being pressed so the tactile feedback is variable and overdone . Worst calculator I have ever encountered for the feel of the keys.Don ' t even consider buying this very old model .
 I just bought three of these because mine was broke in the hands of my grandson . None of them worked , all three had missing digits in the display right out of the package . It is a discontinued model , these are leftovers which are junk .
 Do n't even look at this one , the keyboard is so ... how can I say it ? un-human friendly ! I did one calculation and threw it in a drawer were it still sits .
 This was old and did not work . Do not buy it . It was very disappointing , I guess they do not make them anymore .
 I thought this was a Electronic Organizer , but it turned out to be a Momo Master Alarm ... I kept and have been able to use it although difficult for my use.The product is fine ... just not what I expected or wanted
 I recently sold my HP 32SII at decent price on Ebay . The people who are recommending the calculator are mostly living in a different world and not computer literate . Or that they are sentimental of their calculator like many weird people who are obsessed with different things . If you are interested in a piece of antique , go ahead . If you are real professional , short on time , and tech savvy then HP 32SII will disappoint you . HP has come up with 33S and there is no reason to buy this one for three times the price of new 33S .
 FOR A SMALL CALCULATOR IT DOES A WONDERFUL JOB . LOVE THE CASE THAT PROTECTS THE SCREEN . KEYS ARE EASY TO USE AND WELL SPACED .
 The calculator itsself is fine , but do n't use the amazon default seller , batteries are very low and although the manual says something about a solar panel , sitting it in the sun does not improve dimness of numbers so I would assume that it does not have a solar panel .
 the calculator was in poor condition when i got it . even though the reviewer said that it in good condition . however you get what you pay for , so the price is fair for what i got it for .
 The terrible keypad on this calculator ruins all of its good points for me . Keys are sloppy , do n't provide any feedback and are very easily bumped without knowing it . The calulator has a great price for a nice basic scientific calculator . It perfoms all of it functions flawlessly . Replacing batteries is easy . I just can not stand using the thing because of the horrible keypad .
 I sent that calculator to my son in another State . He called me and told me that the calculator did not work at all . It wo n't even turn on .
 This product stopped working after just a month and a week.Just about the time warranty was over , oh well .
 What a piece of garbage ! Yet another faulty product made in China . Texas Instruments should be ashamed . After only 4 months , the calculator failed . It has no reset button or battery chamber to easily rectify a problem . I took out all the screws and found out the case had been glued together so there was no way to fix it . The problem that manifested itself was that the display was on , the keypad was frozen , and it would not shut off . Piece of garbage!Texas Instruments TI30XA Scientific Calculator
 I was sent the `` school edition '' of this calculator which is missing the 2 buttons on the bottom left of the calculator - the `` backspace '' key and the `` fraction '' key . This calculator is USELESS to me . It also came wrapped in bubble wrap ... nothing else ... not new . . SCAM !!
 I received the calculator promptly . After 3 days the calculator stopped working and right in the middle of a test I was taking ! Do n't buy used scientific calculators . Just go to Walmart and buy a new one . It 's not worth the couple of dollars you might save .
 Good luck getting batteries . There is no information anywhere on the calculator , or on the TI website -LRB- e.g. , in the Guidebook ! -RRB- . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought two of these calculators and neither performs well - the buttons are terribly sensitive to the point that we often accidently enter the wrong numbers , so we have to pay extra attention . Further , my calculator is currently displaying entirely different numbers than I am putting in - perhaps the battery is dying , but I have no idea how long it may have been doing this . I will definitely be looking for a different calculator next time around .
 i can not use it its too confusing . im used to the casio calculators . not recommended .
 Decent calculator , but the decimal point is so small it 's practically invisible . If you 're over 40 , forget it .
 Similar to my T1 35 but I ca n't see the decimal point in the display . Unless you have 20-20 vision , pick another model .
 I 'm sure the functionality of this calculator is fine . However , I will never know , because the solar power cells are inadequate to power it under normal indoor lighting . Maybe it 's meant for people who do math at the beach or in a tanning bed.I chose this because I have a TI financial calculator that was a much better deal than the HP equivalent . I do n't know what happened to their engineering standards since I bought that one . I bought the TI 36X yesterday , throwing it out today .
 I recently used one of the TI 36X Solar Calculators at a Physics Workshop . This is the WORST calculator ever . I do n't know what has possessed Texas Instruments to design a calculator like this . I have used several TI products in the past including the TI30 and the TI83 , but this one does not follow orders of operation or normal functions . For example on the TI83 and TI30 to do the square root of 144 , you punch in the square root symbol and then the 144 . On the TI36 , they have gone the way of the old HP calculators where you have to punch in 144 and then the square root key ... throw logic out the window ... Also , the parenthesis were totally non functional . TI should recall and discontinue this product .
 I do n't doubt that this would be a nice calculator for a 4th grader . It does everything you 'd want it to do . However , the lack of a multiline screen makes it unusable for me . I needed a calculator approved by the NCEES for my FE exam and I bought this as a loyal TI customer -LRB- I have a TI-86 and I love it -RRB- . Once I got it and tried to use it , I found that it was impossible to work quickly without screwing up . When using a calculator with multiline capabilities , you hit the negative sign or trig functions before entering the number ; with single-line calculators you enter `` 35 sin '' for `` sin 35 '' . As someone who is used to just entering `` sin 35 '' , having to remember to reverse this will cost me valuable time on the exam and will probably lead to a few screwups . If you do notice that you screwed up , however , you need to enter everything in again because there 's no way to find out what you entered wrong.In addition to not being used to this type of calculator , the TI-36x also caused me problems when trying to work quickly . I found that when quickly entering a number with a decimal , often times the decimal would n't show up . Once I slowed down it worked fine , but I bought this calculator for use in a timed exam and I need all the time I can get . Plus it 'd always be in the back of my mind that I may have missed a decimal somewhere along the line.If you 're used to a graphing calculator like a TI-83 , TI-86 or TI-89 , or if you 're used to a scientific calculator with multiline text , do NOT buy this calculator . There are a few scientific calculators with multiline capabilites that are also approved by the NCEES -LRB- I just bought a Casio fx-115ES and it got great reviews -RRB- . If you 've been using a basic calculator and you 're looking to move up to a scientific calculator , you 'll probably be able to manage with this calculator . However , I think you 'd find multiline text very useful and easier to use once you get used to it . Plus the transition from a scientific to a graphing calculator , which most high-school algebra teachers use , will be simpler.Pros : Solar powered display so you do n't have to worry about batteriesLarge number of functions given relatively small sizeLightweightCons : Single-line display will severely trip up anyone who is used to more advanced calculators2nd and 3rd keys mean the calculator can perform many functions but an individual function is sometimes hard to findSolar powered display takes a few seconds to kick in and screen will turn off if left under the shadow of cover of a book for a few secondsNeed to work slowly or some keystrokes wo n't register
 I have several other TI calculators and bought this one with the hopes of using it as a backup and for quick calculations where a graphing calculator was n't needed . The most disappointing thing about this calculator , is that every time you clear the current calculation , the entire thing resets - it has no memory of settings , display mode , stored variables , nothing is stored at all -LRB- except the built in constants of course , which are a nice gimmick that drew me in -RRB- . It 's frustrating to have to switch to scientific display for instance , and to change the settings to radians or degrees , and to set the decimal rounding , and so on , EVERY TIME you start a new calculation . And it 's annoying how it does n't show the parentheses when you use them around a term , you just have to hope you remembered them if you start doing something else for a moment and come back to the calculation . It 's also very annoying how you have to enter the argument for things like sine before you type sine , not after . That feels like doing X times Sine of WHO KNOWS , rather than taking the sine of X!I love the Ti-84 and the Ti Voyage 200 - but this calculator is hard to use , and poorly designed . If you just want to add up simple numerical terms , it does that fine . If you want to do anything more , go with the Sharp EL-W535 WriteView , which is cheaper and works more intuitively , and saves its settings -LRB- even when you turn it off and on , as one would expect -RRB- ! I just wish the Sharp was solar , though.The Ti-36X is pretty sexy though , I 'll give it that . Too bad its beauty is just a thin layer of plastic . Oh yes , and the display angle for the output screen is built for holding it out in front of you to type on it , so do n't try to raise it up to look at the screen more closely - you wo n't be able to see a thing on it .
 there is one major flaw in this calculator that I will give it a 2 stars no matter how good or power it is on the other aspects . and that is
 I bought this calculator for the FE exam and ended up returning it . It was often very slow to turn on , sometimes even in bright settings . The calculations were very slow . It should not take 2 + seconds to give me the sine of 45 deg ! Considering they 're about the same cost , buy a Casio fx115 instead .
 TI36X costs $ 18 in Wallmart , $ 22 in Walgreens . For this monies -LRB- or less -RRB- you can get much more if you buy Sharp 506V or Casio fx-115MS . Here is what these calulators have but TI36X does n't
 I 'm not sure why this has such great ratings , but there are much better calculators for the price . As a Math professor at a college do not buy this calculator . There reasons are listed below .1 . there are much better calcs for cheaper like the TI -30,2 . It does n't show you your work as you go . This is old stuff and now a days calculator can view what you are plugging in as you go . This is the main reason you co n't want to buy this calc3 . It 's strictly solar so there is not battery backup and it will lose power in low lighting
 Poor solar cell function , hardly see the entered numbers inside the classroom probaly due to poor solar cells , I rather buy cheap non branded Scientific calculator waste of my money
 The calculator I received was n't the machine the company listed in the photo . I 'm extremely disappointed with this sale , this is one of the pitfalls with Internet sales !
 In terms of price and features , this is a nice scientific calculator . The layout of the functions is quite apt . I like the case design and the cover . It has only a one-line display but I can live with that . The purple text used to label the functions activated by the `` 3rd '' key is admittedly a little hard to read.However , consider this calculation and its result : -LRB- 262144 * 4096 -RRB- - -LRB- 2 ^ 18 * 2 ^ 12 -RRB- = -0.01 The correct answer , obviously , is 0 . That may be a silly calculation to perform , but I actually did this once as a check.TI 's support - via email - suggests that this is a normal rounding error . I am not sure that this is acceptable in a calculator of this class . The size of the operands does n't seem unreasonably large.If it were not for that , I would give the calculator 4 stars . It 's really too bad because I like the layout of this calculator MUCH better than that of the Casio . But I worry about getting other errors that wo n't be immediately obvious to me.I ca n't prove one or the other how likely this rounding error is to happen in `` typical '' calculations .
 Bought this calc because usually TI makes a good product . Had to return it because the solar power just does n't cut it - unless you are in a VERY well-lit room , forget it ... my chemistry class has decent lighting , and it still barely works there ... save some frustration and get a dual power - you do n't want to be taking a test and have this thing fade out on you . Still like TI calculators all around , just avoid this one .
 Back in 1981 , I was in a middle of a final exam at college working with a Texas Instruments SR-51A -LRB- model may be incorrect -RRB- . I was very confident in my calculations . I recieved a 'D ' on the final . I reviewed my calculations and to my horror , one of the decimal places on the calculator was faulty . When I punched in an 8 I got a 1 . Hello 2001 ! I was kind of reluctant to purchase a TI ever again but the TI36X had all what I needed for a decent price . At first when you lay down the calculator you ca n't see the decimal places you have to look straight at it not on an angle . After using this model for just over a year I was doing important lighting calculation , -LRB- I 'm a electrical designer -RRB- and I came out with strange results . I just had a horrible flashback to 1981 and had a hunch . So I went to just push the 8 's and what should have been -LRB- 8 -RRB- 8 's were actually displayed 88811888 , two 1 's showed up !!!!!!!!!!!!! The LCD failed on me again just like it did 20 yrs ago ! Seems as though TI did it to me again ! Can you imagine ? DO NOT PURCHASE THIS OR ANY OTHER TI CALCULATOR . I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANOTHER TI CALCULATOR AS LONG AS I LIVE !
 I have traditionally been a fan of TI , but this one was very disappointing to me . First of all , I thought that solar powered calculators normally have a battery back-up , but this one does not . If you use it in a setting with low light , it will be slow to turn on , and sometimes you will be lucky to get it to turn on at all . I also hate the fact that so many key punches are required to convert between rectangular and polar coordinates . Additionally the case is very difficult to deal with . I had initially purchased this to take the PE exam , as this is one of the few that is on the list of approved calculators , but this is a timed test , and I can see this calculator slowing me down substantially . Therefore , I will be purchasing a Casio , and will just use this one as a back-up . I have an older Casio at home , which is very user friendly , but unfortunately is not approved for the exam . Thus , I recommend that people interested in making a scientific calculator purchase to look into other alternatives besides this one .
 the keys absolutely suck , they do n't register right so when you try to do 2 +2 +2 +2 +2 , it instead reads as 22 +2 +22 , not a good calculator , i recommend getting the higher up TI 's if you can
 I have always loved TI calculators , but the buttons on this calculator are too hard to press . Sometimes it feels like you pressed the number , but it does not register on the screen . It does not happen too often , but it is often enough that you have to constantly look at the screen while you are entering numbers just to make sure they registered.The screen is also a little washed out . After cursing my new TI-30X IIS a number of times , I bought aCasio FX-300MS Plus 229-Function Scientific Calculator , and what a difference ! The buttons always register , and the screen has great contrast . Unfortunately , my days of trusting TI calculators are over .
 set it alight and let it fly . Oh scratch that reverse the car over it , I 'm allergic to burning polymers . I 'll keep it brief . I hate this calculator . It fails to follow order of operations . Hate this calculator . I am ordering a different one today . I will not go grovel to professor again about my work showing one thing but the calculator did what it wanted.Burn baby burn
 I initially bought this calculator because it was a suggestion for my program and many other kids owned it . Since the day I got it I could n't wait to smash it to pieces once I got something better . If you type at even an average rate the thing will not register your input . This forced me to type with one hand to avoid this problem , which really slowed down my pace . Because of this I failed many questions that I would otherwise of gotten right . I also detest how `` ans '' and other commands are under second function when other useless commands are in easy to access spots . Overall , this calculator is a piece of junk , there are many other calculators for cheaper prices which actually do what they 're supposed to do .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE.I am not a very fast typer but this calculator is too slow and does not accept the keystrokes if not enough time is given in-between the key strokes.Hence I almost always mess up the calculation .
 This calculator is okay.The Good
 Only bought this because my university requires this type of calculator . The buttons are extremely hard to use . You have to press very hard to make sure the number/operator is selected .
 I thought this would be exactly the same as the TI 30X I was replacing . It is not . This thing is a piece of junk . I guess Texas Inst . decided to cut cost and quality.You have to press the buttons two or three times for every keystroke and ensure that the calculator detected your input . This HUGE bug makes the calculator completely worthless . I 've had free calculators that work better than this thing .
 I had to get this calculator for a professional engineers ' exam -LRB- it was one of 4 approved calculators to take into the test -RRB- . I 've been using it to study and HATE how difficult the buttons are to press . I 'm quite speedy on my Texas Instruments TI-82 but this one is painfully rigid . I originally thought it was a good idea to go with an approved calculator that resembled by TI-82 to most so I would n't have to relearn where all the functions are . Now , I 'm second-guessing that decision and hope I 'm not too fast on it during the exam so that I do n't come up with wrong answers . My fingers are crossed but I really do not like this calculator so far ... if you have a choice , go with another one .
 When I try to type quickly on this calculator , I often find there are missed keys -LRB- not wrong keys , but skipped -RRB- . It gets pretty annoying if you use it regularly .
 This calculator bounces every time I press a button . I always have to check what I entered and even double check the problem . It takes almost twice the time to solve problems than using a different model .
 this calculator is horrible . it takes a second for the keys to register , which really slowed me down , this can also cause mistakes , which healthee said , so if you do n't go slow , you 'll mess up . Also , it takes a lot longer than a better calculator to perform an operation . It does n't have as many functions as a calculator for $ 2.50 more -LRB- link at end -RRB- . The ONLY good thing about this is that it 's light , but thats because it does n't have all the good in it . BuyTI-30XS Multiview Calculatorinstead , its a much better calculator . DO NOT BUY ThIS .
 ---------------------- Update
 Ugh , I just opened this calculator and I 'm sorely disappointed . I wish I had read the reviews more carefully , particularly the 2 and 3-star reviews . I bought this calculator because it was one of the bestselling basic calculators and had a 4-star average . I wish I had read the lower star reviews a bit more carefully . Like several other reviewers have noted , the main problem with this is the keypad . I just tested the calculator with a few basic calculations and it frequently does not register a key strike . I bought this calculator so I could do basic math for my tests , and there 's no way I 'm going to rely on this calculator because it 's very easy to hit a key , think you punched in a number that does n't register , leading to a wrong answer . It 's entirely unreliable.I got this calculator because it was relatively inexpensive and fit my needs , but I will end up spending more money just to buy another calculator that actually works properly .
 I 've bought this calculator 2x because its the only ones they sale around here and both times I 've been so disappointed . The keys suck and sometimes you 'll hit a number and it wont even registar . I HATE THIS THING !
 As I said in the title . The picture is a blue one , but I received an orange one .
 I was looking for a less complete calculator than my TI-82 but find that this one really sticks . I get an outrageous answer and realize I missed a digit somewhere . Very frustrating .
 This calculator disappointed me . When doing almost any calculation I must push far more buttons than on any other calculator I have used.A few examples : Why do x2 , sqrt etc have to be followed by a = ? . If you push for example + in error instead of - , you must back up and delete the + before you push - , otherwise you get a syntax error.Some of the most common functions are secondary functions.I prefer HP 's calculators to any calculator . I do n't expect the same user friendliness from a TI calculator but this one is irritatingly slow and wastes too much time.I can not recommend this calculator .
 When typing fast , this calculator seems to log less than 3/4 of my keystrokes . This is due to the processing speed of the calculator and not related to the pressure or finger positioning while typing . As a result , I must search through every equation on a piss poor 2 line screen in order to make sure that it was received correctly . This calculator is so bad that it actually earned me an F on my last exam . TI should track down everyone that has purchased one of these calculators and pay the owners for pain and suffering .
 College graduate , currently studying for professional exams.This calculator will not print numbers or register buttons if you press them too quickly of each other . That is , if you try to press `` 123456789 '' as fast as your two index fingers will allow you , you 'll get `` 1369 . `` I spent ten minutes reviewing a problem , trying to find out what I did wrong , to find out that this calculator dropped a `` 2 '' from `` 1122.4 '' when I pressed the `` 2 '' key too quickly.A calculator that causes mistakes is not a calculator I would recommend
 It sometimes does n't want to cut on , and you have to push certain buttons repeatedly in order to put the numbers in .
 Length :
 This calculator is not allowed on any standardized tests , and a lot of teachers will probably not allow you to use it . This calc is only for professionals i would say . Go with the TI-89 , it has all the functions and everything that the 92 has , but in a case the size of a TI-83 . So you get the same power , but it doesnt look as badass , so your teachers wont get suspicious . and the 89 is allowed on standardized tests . the only thing the 92 has over the 89 is a larger screen , qwerty keyboard -LRB- which is why its illegal on tests -RRB- and geometry software , which is available to purchase and download for the 89 . make a careful choice .
 I am a mathematics major who has owned several calculators in my life . Of those that I have owned are the TI 92 and the HP 48 -LRB- and 49 -RRB- . If you need to do any serious computation then this is not the calculator for you . It is an infix calculator which makes it slow and time-consumng to use . I recomment checking out the HP 48 or HP49 -LRB- I prefer the 48 -RRB- . These are RPN calcuators so computation becomes much quicker and you have alot more control over the stack . The one advantage of the TI92 is it 's ability to do symbolic manipulation but I prefer do do that by hand anyway , the point of using a calculator or a computer is to get rid of the number crunching , not thinking altogether .
 I 'm sure the capabilities are wonderful . That 's why I bought it . But , it was so difficult to use - because I could n't see what was on the low contrast -LRB- even with adjustment -RRB- display - that it would n't have mattered if it had outclassed a Cray . I could n't program it without getting a headache from eye strain.If it had a decent display , it would be great . Without reasonable input and output display , it is just a piece of junk !
 While the TI 92 does just about everything . As an engineering teacher , I like the 89 much better because it is much smaller .
 This calculator obviously very powerful and has functionality beyong most -LSB- cheaper -RSB- jobbys . Graphing , deriving and solving simultaneous equations are all possible with the t-92 or ti-89 . However gettting around the interface is slow . Commands and menu options are not intuitive , and descriptions of functions is weak at best . The instruction manual is of the olde white paper standard that was fortuantly antiquated by MBA marketing types in the 80 's . However no one with customer orientation standards must work at TI so we have a white page spec manual reminiscent of non-english speakers giving bare bone specs ala Roland Music or Casio -LRB- Insert in english instructiona manual written by fungible Japenese company here -RRB- . Also the buttons are hard to press and feel horrible , much like the old Hewlett-Packerd financial calculator stiff buttons . No fun that . Buttons are also too far apart and badly placed . Also no need for a full alphebet so the TI-89 should be a better choice in any case . This thing is way too big for what it does.Now instead of concentrating the abstruse and more powerful functions to the more complicated menus and would make sense The to-92 makes simple functions fairly lengthy and annoying . Try adding 2 +2 and geetting an answer , it will take about 30 minutes to navigate the right menues to add 2 +2 . I thionk the geniuses at TI should have made basic calculator functionality very accessible to start before woring about 3 demensional poleric graghing capabilites through third power derivitives.Finally i am sure my review will get unhelpful ratings from all the calculator nerds that visit this page to rave about how cool their big calculator/computer with a lot of buttons is . Indeed it is powerful and goes far beyond the pale of most other calculators , but TI really should hire some usibility experts and some technical writters to improve their unweildy and clumsy product .
 This calculator obviously very powerful and has functionality beyong most $ 20 jobbys . Graphing , deriving and solving simultaneous equations are all possible with the TI-92 or TI-89 . However gettting around the interface is slow . Commands and menu options are not intuitive , and descriptions of functions is weak at best . The instruction manual is of the olde white paper standard that was fortuantly antiquated by MBA marketing types in the 80 's . However no one with customer orientation standards must work at TI so we have a white page spec manual reminiscent of non-english speakers giving bare bone specs ala Roland Music or Casio -LRB- Insert in english instructiona manual written by fungible Japenese company here -RRB- . Also the buttons are hard to press and feel horrible , much like the old Hewlett-Packerd financial calculator stiff buttons . No fun that . Buttons are also too far apart and badly placed . Also no need for a full alphebet so the TI-89 should be a better choice in any case . This thing is way too big for what it does.Now instead of concentrating the abstruse and more powerful functions to the more complicated menus and would make sense The TI-92 makes simple functions fairly lengthy and annoying . Try adding 2 +2 and geetting an answer , it will take about 30 minutes to navigate the right menues to add 2 +2 . I think the geniuses at TI should have made basic calculator functionality very accessible to start before woring about 3 demensional poleric graghing capabilites through third power derivitives.Finally i am sure my review will get unhelpful ratings from all the calculator nerds that visit this page to rave about how cool their big calculator/computer with a lot of buttons is . Indeed it is powerful and goes far beyond the pale of most other calculators , but TI really should hire some usibility experts and some technical writters to improve their unweildy and clumsy product .
 It is most difficult to make a decision to purchase when the dimensions of an object are not presented in the description especially when it is an object that needs to fit into a specific space .
 These pencils lay down color very well and the color holds fast . The major flaw is that the ` lead ' breaks off frequently.On the very first sharpening 1 of the pencil 's , every time I got a good point , the ` lead ' simply slid out and fell on the floor , until it was too short to sharpen any further.So , right off the bat I was down to 11 colors . Over the next couple of weeks as I used them portions of the ` lead ' of 3 other pencils - after sharpening - fell out as well . In the end only 6 of the pencils last and worked as they should.At the same time I bought a set of their ` Prismacolor Thick Lead ' pencils , and had an even worse time with these . Leaving me w / only 5 pencils that held their lead.If you happen to get a set that does n't fall apart they just might turn out be great pencils and a good value .
 I purchased several of these to give as stocking stuffers . When they arrived , I was very disppointed . they are a lot smaller than expected . Still gave them as stocking stuffers , just everyone got two so they could put them side by side and actually use them . Also , they are not as sticky as others I have had ... they keep peeling up from the dash . Will purchase different ones in the future .
 I have owned this phone system for 2 years , and I 'm currently shopping for another to replace it . For the money , it should 've lasted me much longer . The problem is with the buttons . They simply do n't work . For the last year , we have been able to take calls , but many of the buttons do n't work so we have to grab the cell phones to make a call .
 I am so disappointed with this sharpener . From day one it chewed away pencils . I kept thinking I was doing so so etching wrong . But after so many tries , it mist be the machine ! Do n't waste your money . I , going to buy something higher quality .
 It does sharp , but I had to presshard to have good sharp pencil.Here is very strange part of thispencil sharpener.I emptyed the pencil dust into thetrash . I put back the plastic pencillid back on . It automatically functio-ning by itself without me putting thepencil in the hole of pencil sharpener.It did n't sharp well after that . Allof sudden , the sharpener stopped functio-ning . So , I trashed pencil sharpener.Later , I decided to buy a another Foraymodern curbed style black pencil sharp-ener . This one works better . Recently , I written a review about it to amazon.com.Takako Masuda
 I purchased this sharpener about 3 months ago . It looks good but after sharpening 30 pencils over this short time the roter is broken . I went to the place of purchase and they were `` out '' . Useless 2 year warantee .
 It looks nice , but the quality is poor . The drawers will not close properly since it slides out of the tracks when opening .
 I have had this shredder for only one year and it is already broken after only light household duty . As another reviewer stated , it will not shred credit cards or cd 's properly . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I 've had this paper shredder for about 3 years , used it less then 20 times . For the first time when I really needed to use it to shred old bank statements -LRB- no more then 4 or 5 sheets at a time -RRB- , the thing started sounding like a broken down jet engine , and on top of that , no longer is shredding at all . We tried doing paper shredder surgery , got out the pieces of paper that seemed stuck . All paper shredders get jammed now and then , right ? So no big deal . But even after clearing it out , it still sounds like a jet engine and still is n't shredding.I hate chucking things in the garbage especially such a hunk of plastic like this , but it appears to be dead forever .
 I bought this shredder at Target a while ago . At first it worked fine for a few months . But it is too loud ! If you are shredding and talking to someone in the same room you will have to yell to be heard . Then a few months later , some of the segments which do the shredding broke and the machine was literally shredding itself ! Do n't waste your money or hearing on this crap . I still need a shredder , but wo n't be buying a Royal one again .
 One paper jam broke two plastic segments of the cutting mechanism , rendering it useless . It did last a couple of years of light use -LRB- more like 2 sheets at a time than 8 at a time -RRB- . Since I 'm in the market for a new shredder , I 'll take the opportunity to rate this one as a waste of money , and worse
 We bought two of these -LRB- on sale -RRB- and they both have had nothing but problems . Both of them within a month of using it started staying on all the time . As soon as you feed paper through it , it wo n't shut off . If you feed a credit card through or more than one sheet of paper , it just leaves teeth marks in it but does n't shred it . The one my mother inlaw is using jammed and now sounds like a lawn mower . She is digging out one she has had for 10 years to replace the one we bought less than a year ago . If you one sheet of paper every six months then it might be a good deal but beside that I would keep looking .
 Gave these to my son . Within one month both screens on the receivers went to jibberish which makes them useless . Save your money and buy another product .
 We got this phone a couple of months ago and are still not able to use it at all . Originally , we could not hear anything from this phone at all . Now only faint voice can be heard , but the only end still has no sound at all.I spend hours reading the manual , but still can not make it work for us . Maybe it is a malfunctioning one . I would definitly NOT buy any Uniden products in the future .
 When we first received these phones they were pretty good - the range is short but we could deal with that . After a few weeks the sound quality started to really decline -LRB- echos , breaking up , and static . -RRB- . After 8 months the caller ID does not function on one handset and the sound quality on the other handset is so bad as to make it unusable.The small size at first was cute but after awhile is very annoying and uncomfortable . I just ordered a panasonic set and ca n't wait to trash this set . I have been a loyal fan of uniden for many years but this product has shaken my confidence in there recent quality or lack there of .
 We were sold on the many options this phone has ; however , we probably wo n't even be keeping it on account of the low quality.The handsets are as small as my cell phone , very hard to hold , especially if I 'm doing something & am relying on leaning it on my shoulder.There is an echo half the time during my conversations . Sometimes it is like a 1-way radio , in that when I 'm talking , I ca n't hear the other person -LRB- or even their background -RRB- . We 're quite disappointed .
 After reading all the positive reviews I thought this was the best phone out there . I was so excited to receive the phone , only to be quickly disappointed.First , the phones are so tiny it 's very uncomfortable . My ear was actually hurting so much I would get off the phone because of this . Also , you could hardly hold the phone with your shoulder because they were so small .2 nd - The sound quality was terrible ! Sometimes it would be fine , but mostly there was a lot of problems . # 1 being it would echo a lot , I could hear my voice echoing thru the phone . There would also be clicking .3 rd - The extra handset and base that came w / the phone died within a week . Needless to say the phone is already on it 's way back .4 th - I did not like how you could n't listen to your messages while you are on the phone . I think that 's common with some phones , but I do not like it .5 th - The answering machine was terrible ! The greeting and any messages received were very muffled .6 th - I was also unhappy with the call record feature . I tried it out with a friend and as it was recording , it would constantly beep . That was annoying.I gave this phone 2 stars instead of 1 since it does have some cool features , like 2 way walkie talkies and speakerphone from the handset ... these features did work well.My last phone was a Uniden , it 's lasted probably 10 years . So , I did not want to give up on Uniden all together just because of this phone . Yesterday I went to Walmart and bought a Uniden EXAI 5180 phone . So far so good . The phone itself is larger and much more comfortable . My ear no longer hurts ! :-RRB- The quality has been great too ! Answering machine is clear ! Very happy with this phone !
 Conceptually this is a good stand that has well-written assembly instructions , but some of the parts do n't fit . The wood screws are too large in thread diameter for the pre-drilled holes and even for the holes in the two hindges for the side arm . I had to redrill the holes in the very hard composite material with a 1/8 '' bit and even then I had to use a power driver to insert the screws . The four wheels were very difficult to drive into place.All in all , this was a tough piece to put together .
 The stand looks just like one I bought decades ago , but the quality of the Lorrell unit leaves a lot to be desired.I had a problem assembling the first machine stand I ordered . The screws stripped the wood when I tried to push it across the carpet after assembling it , so it was unusable . I ordered a second one and had a similar problem . Although the second stand is being used , the wood also is pulling away from the screws and the table looks like it will collapse any minute.In fairness to the seller , I never issued a complaint other than this review . So I did not let them know I had a problem or give them a chance to correct problem with either product . However , I am willing to give them a chance to fix the problem .
 Easy to assemble . Can not handle much weight . The table is not too stable and bends when you attempt to move it with anything heavier than a light weight printer on it .
 The description reads 10 per box . I thought I was ordering 2 boxes but when the product came there were only two folders .
 Ordering this could not be any more confusing . First there are 4 different colors from at least 4 different vendors . Some colors are priced as a box of 10 , while others are sold as `` Each '' . Some were Prime eligible ... others were not . I thought I was buying 9 boxes of 10 for around $ 14 / per box . When the package arrived i realized I had spent $ 130 for nine -LRB- yes I said nine -RRB- single folders . They will be returned . The folder is decent , but it is not lined with gold . Overpriced .
 So I bought this paper since the paper I have been using is a 20lb weight with 90 brightness ... However , when I received the package , I pulled out the paper and it had a wrinkle half way up the side of the paper . That is not including that the package was dropped on its side and therefore the paper had been ruined on one corner anyways - I had n't noticed until after I had already opened the package . Well , now I have a $ 10 bundle of 500 sheets of scrap paper .
 I purchased this system for my 2850 sq ft home . The phones are nice and user friendly but the singles are very weak and do not cover the entie house . They drop call or your getting a scratchy sound but once you move closer to the base it is some better . I have put the base in a central portion of my house but it still gives out a poor single .
 I bought the stickers thinking they would n't crack nor slip off , as it said . They were supposed to be printed on the reverse side of the overlay.But it was a total lie . All the stickers are printed on the front side , and after less than 6 months , some letters faded or cracked.Please make sure the stickers you buy are printed on the reverse , if not do n't buy them .
 I did some comparisons for wired phones . Phone is just average , however I was disappointed that it did not have a lighted caller ID window . It 's very hard to see anything in the window .
 It 's an inexpensive phone , so the cheap feel to it is to be expected.I was surprised to see that it took batteries . A corded desk phone ? It turns out that the phone simply does n't work at all without the batteries . And a set of 4 new AA batteries lasted only three days before expiring , making the phone worthless.It really should come with an AC power supply , but I do n't understand why they ca n't run it off the power supplied in the phone line .
 I am very disappointed with the speakerphone portion . The only reason I bought this was for the speakerphone.The persons voice on the other end fades in an out constantly . I had assumed it was noise/feedback on my end . But it does the same thing with mute on.Will have to return and try a different model/brand .
 I have two major problems with this device . First of all it eats batteries for breakfast , lunch and dinner , so it is inconvenient and expensive to operate . If the batteries die , which they do frequently , you lose your call display feature and the speakerphone wo n't work . It eats four AA batteries at a time.Secondly , as noted by reviewers of similar AT&T ; speakerphone models , after about two years the call display starts to fail . The pixels stop working so when you get a call you see dots and line fragments instead of a recognizable name and phone number.When I buy a phone I expect it to last more than two years .
 I have purchased quite a number of these phones for my office -LRB- mainly because they were priced right and could be purchased at our local Staples conveniently -RRB- . However , without exception , the LCD displays would fail between 12 and 18 months after purchasing . We literally had a graveyard of these phones before I finally decided to never purchase another one . Oh , and AT&T customer service was absolutely no help . Even though other features are OK , do not buy this phone unless you enjoy replacing it every year or so .
 A phone you ca n't call out on is not of mch use to me ... and ending a call is a 5-minute chore ! What a pain . I can only call people who do not have a 2 or 3 in their number ... that is limiting to say the least !
 This phone started out good , but the battery life went bad quickly . Had to replace a couple of the batteries on different handsets and they did not last very long either . The buttons do go after about a year . It gets to the point where you can not turn the phone off and you have to remove the battery to stop the call . Between the batteries always dieing and the buttons sticking it was very frustrating to not be able to find a working phone in the house !!
 I bought this phone 18 months ago and ca n't wait to get rid of it . The handset batteries last only about an hour off the base and you have to push down HARD on the plastic keys to make them work.Further , the handsets are uncomfortable to hold and do n't fit well between your head and shoulder .
 They dont stick well . They came off in a day or two and started sticking to each other . 20 $ wasted . These have one job to do and didnt do it , I give them zero stars
 If you are intending to include these envelopes with your invoices so that your customers can return their payment , think again . They do not have any security features . They are just thin plain white envelopes .
 The items themselves are nonspectacular - white envelopes that fit in No. 10 envelopes . But almost all of them were already sealed together right out of the box ; I had to gently use a letter opener to get them opened ! I do n't know why - maybe they were improperly stored ? I saw no water damage on the box or any of the envelopes . Very frustrating . Wo n't buy from this manufacturer again .
 TOPS 3x5 memo pads , these pads have all fallen apart , glue backing does not adhere to paper , poor quality glue , all I have now is a big mess of white 3x5 pieces of paper and some cardboard , not at all what I ordered , extremely disappointed , no quality control in review or shipping process by the company for this product .
 I am a long-time Amazon purchaser , but this is my 1st product review-that 's how egregious the difference btwn the product & the product description.Having read the description - `` furniture grade compressed cabinetry '' `` durable melamine finish , '' then looking up the plywood grading scale , I paid $ 138 -LRB- now listing for $ 145 -RRB- for the item.Calling it Walmart quality is probably an insult to Walmart 's line of cheap pressboard crap as the pressboard was so loosely bound that there are multi edge/corners with `` gaps '' btwn the `` durable melamine finish '' & not-so - `` furniture grade cabinetry '' . There is no doubt these gapped edges will be the first place the finish peels away from the pressboard.I took a photo of -LRB- one of many -RRB- gapped edges , & the looseness of the pressboard is also visible , & hope I can figure out how to attach it .
 The product was not what I wanted . It appears to be ok and was received on in a timely manner but was an application that would not work for me . My problem is one of returning it and getting a credit . So far after two attempts to return it I have not gotten a response for the manufacturer on how to return it . It looks like I am stuck with it and lost my money . It makes me leary of any purchase from this company and possibly others on Amazon . I ended up buying one from an on-line retailer that had stores I could return the replacement purchase to if it was also wrong . The new time clock was fine . Bob Phillips
 I HAD Franklin Covey software . No more.All told , I lost 24 hours trying to find data/contact knowledgeable tech support reps. Franklin Covey finally agreed upon a $ 150 voucher for all my trouble.Hot syncs
 UPDATE
 Worldgate went out of business , so if you buy the phone , you ca n't use it without the monthly service .
 Worldgate went out of business , so if you buy the phone , you ca n't use it without the monthly service .
 Envelopes arrived with flaps already sticking to backs . Must have been stored in a very humid warehouse .
 We use original hp ink and printer and the labels did not absorb the inks . It smears and spreads and is illegible .
 Apparently $ 3.96 is n't enough to ship these envelopes . It 's looking like this company is going to take 4 to 6 weeks for me to receive this item .
 I spent the morning designing several business cards using microsoft publisher . I printed a test page that looked okay . Printed on the card stock and when I separated the cards discovered that the left and right margins were just off enough to screw up the edges . Top and bottom margins also had problems . 10 cards in the trash.I then tried adjusting the margin settings . Unfortunately , getting one margin correctly set would inevitably cause the others to get misaligned . Ten more cards in the trash.I then tried to download templates . No luck . Nothing for publisher . The blank templates for word looked like a nightmare to work with.I then tried to design a few cards with their online service . Not a great program , but seems to work okay . I finally got cards to print that fit in the print area . Unfortunately , although the design looked okay on the screen the colors did n't contract enough on printed page to be able to read the font . Back to the drawing board.Pro
 While the quality of the paper itself was good - I used Avery 's online program to print my cards . The images on the cards were constantly off , and the page which allowed me to adjust the setting of how it printed did not work - Out of the 200 cards that I received - I will only be able to use about 50 of them . Every time that I tried to adjust settings it would not work . I 'm sure it 's easier for those that have Microsoft Word - but I would n't recommend the online template .
 While the actual product may be of high quality I can not by any means give this a review with more than one star due to the fact that my cards came damaged due to UPS mishandling the package . I was expecting amazon to ship the cards in either a Box or some other sturdy package , instead they shipped it in a cheap piece of plastic wrapping . The cards may still be usable , I will not know until my printer -LRB- also from Amazon -RRB- arrives tomorrow . Why they did not ship the two items together is a question that I would like answered ... but more than likely wo n't have answered.I will shop elsewhere for Business Cards , somewhere like Walmart or Avery.com.Great quality , just do n't order from Amazon.com unless you want to risk your business cards being damaged .
 It 's overall good quality however it 's too big for any home office . It 's not real leather , and the color is far from brown , it 's closer to grape or eggplant skin . Good value for money if you accept the huge size and peculiar color
 Despite what the description says , the display on this model is not backlit . At least not the one I received . Even the GE product spec sheet from their own web site says backlit , but it is not . No one else commented on this , so not sure if I have a defective item or not , but I specifically bought it for the backlit display , so it 's going back . I see that another GE model , 29369GE1 , is backlit according to some reviewers , so I 'm going to give that one a try . Rated a one for bum product info .
 Phone worked great for the first 2 weeks i had it then all of a sudden one day I went to work and tried to call home . The line was busy for hours . When I got home I realized that this phone did something strange and even though it was plugged in and on the hook , it was still causing my line to be busy . I unplugged it and put it back and it tried that a few times , even put it in another jack . I even changed the batteries . I Have no idea what was wrong with it but it wo n't work . Like someone else wrote , there is no light on the LCD screen and the handset is too small . I 'm very disappointed in the phone . I dont know if i 'll ever figure out what is wrong with it . Do n't buy it ...
 I was unhappy with just about everything with this phone . It did not last long and did not work well at all . I had to replace it within a year . I got the Panasonic Model Number KX-TS600B Which I love and is giving me lots of years of good service with all the features I do need and like .
 UNDER THE SEARCH WHEN LOOKING FOR PHONE WITH THREE LINES , IT IS LISTED AS A 3 LINE PHONE . IT IS A 1 LINE PHONE . YOU WILL NOT FIND OUT IT ONLY HAS A 3 LINE LCD DISPLAY WITH ONLY ONE PHONE LINE TO USE UNLESS YOU READ THE DETAIL DESCRIPTION .
 I hooked this thing up , minutes later while at my desk i see the `` speaker '' light illuminate . I know i put the ringer on `` hi '' . After staring puzzled , I said `` HELLO ?? '' to hear my mother 's voice reply !?!?!?! If I had n't been at my desk and seen the light , a caller would have heard me and/or my family members though we NEVER ACTUALLY ANSWERED OR EVEN TOUCHED THE PHONE !!! . How can this be ?? And then it would not disconnect . I could not end the call and my line eventually went dead after the series of `` if you 'd like to make a call ... '' going to the very loud `` beep , beep , beep , beep , beep , beep ... '' . I finally had to pull the plug on this one !! I did not read the directions , but I am certain this product is faulty and created much frustration . Thought it was a bit pricey for bottom of the line speakerphone w / caller id AND did n't happen to notice the box tell me that i 'd need 4 `` AA '' batteries for the caller i.d. -LRB- though I may have just overlooked that in the store -RRB-
 I always get this type of paper to print my pictures from my Sony Cybershot Digital Camera . But this time when I tried to print my pictures the paper kept getting stuck and jamming the printer . I looked on the expiration date and it was for `` 2008 2 '' . Mind you , I brought the film in September 2008 . I opened another pack just to see if it was the film and not the printer and the same thing happened . The paper kept jamming the printer and not coming completely out.BEWARE -- if you buy this product please check the expiration date . Unfortunately , I did n't open it until October , but it still should have been in excellent condition .
 I purchased the Sony DPP-FP97 as a Christmas present . The product linked to this was this paper . It is not the correct paper . This paper is for another model . It is now to late to return .
 One ribbon cartridge had been opened and taped shut.One paper pack had been opened and then mixed with other types of paper.I had to sort and shuffle the paper to make it a standard kit.The printing from the tampered packaging was perfect . There were no side effects from the tampering on the quality of the printing.In general , I rate the product as 5 stars . The one star rating is for defective packaging of moisture sensitive media .
 This is one of the worst cases of price gouging I 've ever seen . $ 190 for a printer pack that normally was $ 35 - $ 40 . Note ... SONY decided to discontinue supporting the DPP-EX50 . Ultimately , the printer no longer has media available .
 Shame on you Sony ! This was a great printer that cost me 40 cents per print back in the day -- expensive but worth the quality . Now the supplies are so highly priced prints cost about $ 3.00 each . I paid $ 160 for this printer . It 's going in the trash and I 'm getting a Canon Selphy CP900 . Someone is making too much money on this and Sony is helping to fill our landfills . Fellow consumers unite and do n't buy Sony products . Corporate shenanigans like this are disgraceful -- and perhaps illegal . -LRB- I recall reading you ca n't sell retail products in New York State -LRB- where I live -RRB- over the MSRP . -RRB- Thus depending on Sony 's MSRP it may be the retailers at fault . Whomever is behind this , I hope some watch dog reads this and calls you on this one . Consumers , your power is the power not to consume . Help send a message .
 I ca n't believe Sony no longer makes the paper and print cartridge and I for one will not pay $ 199.00 for one value pack when I use to pay $ 101.00 for 3 value boxes .
 I was very disappointed with these . The top of each pocket is heavily slanted , not straight as pictured . I use these for cards and will have to send them back due to the poor quality .
 What the other two guys said
 500 sounds a lot , but is only a small package . I think it worthes 1 dollar only !! You can find things cheaper and nicer from Walmart
 Mic static on other end calls say its hard to understand me and the up button do n't work . Tried Skype options to adjust audio settings and used the USB Audio Device for speaker and a different Microphone for the Mic and calls say much better statics gone and tryed Skype Test call works fine with other microphone under Options audio settings chanced Microphone back to USB Audio Device Test call has Static . The Up only works when it wants to the down works fine and all other keys on phone works . I have to say its junk .
 This phone would work great for my grandmothers computer but unfortunately its extremely out of date and does not function on anything higher then windows 98 .
 I got this phone because I needed a simple corded phone with a good speakerphone -- and this part does not work well . Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . If I switch to the handset during a `` bad '' speakerphone connection , that does n't work either . I can hear them but they ca n't hear me . I 'm sending it back . Sigh
 After about a year this -LRB- for me -RRB- expensive phone died . I liked the speaker phone function , and I 'll miss it . I 've returned to my old , reliable , free -LRB- yes , I got it for free -RRB- AT&T phone . Sometimes in life , a step back is actually a step forward .
 I have to say that I 'm pretty disappointed with this item . When I bought this phone , it had a 4-5 star rating from several different people.When I first got the phone/answering machine , I thought it was a great deal , but then I started to use it , I realized that it had some problems , like the volume could n't be adjusted so it sounded like the person on the other line had a bad reception . After several of these calls , I realized it was this phone that had the bad reception.Now , after just 5 months , the phone does n't even work . It rings , but when you push the TALK button , there is silence . I ca n't even make outbound calls anymore . PLEASE save yourself some money , and avoid buying this phone .
 This phone had good reviews when I bought it . Do n't waste your money . First , I had problems with the phone not responding when I pressed the talk button . I changed the battery , but it 's still fickle -- sometimes the talk button works , sometimes it does n't . The remote features have stopped functioning completely -- I ca n't retrieve messages when I 'm not at home . I 'm very dissapointed with this phone .
 The sound quality of this phone is very poor . It fades and is fuzzy and uneven . The tone of the ringer is also annoying .
 I completely support the reviews of people below . It has got to be some kind of a common problem with this phone . The `` Talk '' button stopped working several months after the purchase . Save your bucks . Buy smth . good instead . I gave it 1 star just for working for 4 months .
 This phone seemed to work fine for the first few months we had it , but the battery life quickly deteriorated . The most horrible thing about this phone is the dial pad . The little rubber numbers are hard to press and many times when you hit a number it is entered twice . I bet this happens on 80 % of calls I attempt . It 's a wonder I have not thrown the phone across the room . Do not buy this phone .
 The worst feature about this phone is the battery life . Within 2 months one battery did n't work and the second would n't charge for use more than 1 hour of talk time . At times it turns off by itself , although you can turn it back on -- so it is not the battery . I would avoid purchasing this phone at all costs .
 Beware - This phone was not abused and it only lasted 13 months . For the price paid , it should last longer than this . When it was working , the batteries did not last as long as in my other cordless phones . I noticed that another reviewer had the same problem with their Toshiba phone . I will not buy another Toshiba cordless phone .
 THIS IS ONLY ONE LINE UNIT AND i WANT A 2 LINE .
 I have bought and returned 2 different models of this 2.4 mhz phone . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!This is the most user-unfriendly phone that I have seen , with the most remarkably glitzy look to it.Yes , the signal is crisp . But , as someone who has used computers for nearly 30 years , I am offended that this technology is so difficult to use : Sony 's `` jog-dial '' feature puts this phone to shame . Sony allows you to store a new number in a couple of clicks . This Panasonic device is arcane and unforgiving.Both phones that we owned developed defective incoming ring signals within a week.This must be said
 I 've owned 5 different Panasonic cordless phones over the years and you know when this came out I just had to have it ... I got the Cobalt Blue one before they were even available in stores . I loved the idea of the joystick/mouse key . I loved the look of it . 2.4 Ghz was what I wanted . When I got it , I was a little disappointed . My problems with it are based on my experience with other Panasonic and vtech cordless phones and how this one did n't quite measure up ... 1 . The earpiece gets really hot if you 're talking for more than 20-30 mins . I have to switch phones if I 'm on a long call ... too hot . 2 . This thing has no range ... I can go really far with it , but I hear static from more than 15 feet away or if there is a wall between me and the base . I tried putting the base in a room with no electronic equipment at all and I could get 25 feet without hearing static - but once I got something inbetween me and the base - like a toaster - static again . 3 . This thing does n't hold much of a charge ... it does n't last more than a few days off the charger before I have to put it back again . 4 . The menu system to set up the features is difficult to use . 5 . Sometimes I can be sitting 2 feet from the base and hit talk and get nothing - I have to set it in the base so it can find itself again . 6 . Wobbly - the thing falls over at the slightest bump - poor design - ca n't wall mount it .
 I had this phone less than a week when the display started acting up - going blank , or turning every pixel on , or even more fun turning on random pixels for pretty designs ! Shipped it to Panasonic repair in San Francisco for repair . It was returned in a few weeks and worked fine - for about two months . Then reception went in the tank . At times there was so much static I could n't hear . It went to recycling .
 While this phone has many good features like the Caller ID stack and the voice mail light , it is very difficult to dial . The echo back of the tone when you hit a key is delayed which is very confusing and the buttons sometimes do n't register the tone at all . These are enough to make me wish I would 've bought a different phone . I should 've trusted to the other bad reviews of this phone .
 Do not , under any circumstances , buy this phone . When I first got it , it seemed to work perfectly . The CallerID , phonebook , you name it had me wowed . One week after the manufacturer 's warranty expired , it started giving me `` Out of Range '' messages whenever I attempted to access the Caller ID list . Oddly enough , I could still make phone calls . Fiddling with the menus did n't help . Reading the manual did n't help . Customer support was a joke . I will never by another Panasonic piece of equipment again for as long as I live .
 I had this phone for just over a year . I liked the features such as the LCD screen to display a directory and built in answering machine , but the problems are bad . Besides off and on problems , like not always getting a dialtone when the phone is removed from the base , I started to encounter bad static problems . These would occur if I was only standing 2 feet away from the base . The person on the other end could not ever hear the static so it is a transmittal problem between the base and handset . It is even worse if any appliances are working , especially the microwave . I purchased a 2.4 GHz because I thought that a different transmittal range would give great clarity . Well , I now have a phone that is 2 months out of warranty and is unuseable . Stick with a quality 900 MHz phone at a fraction of the price and you will be much happier . I am now using my 4 year old phone .
 I bought this phone because I was looking for DSS , Digital Spread Spectrum . I tried another Panasonic DSS phone that worked well and I bought this one for my home office . When I received this and tried to use it , it interfered heavily with my personal home phone . Checking the box and the specifications , it is not DSS as listed on Amazon.I do n't care that this review gets posted , I would prefer that you change the name of the product on your site . The phone is probably fine for somebody that wants an analog phone .
 Panasonic service told me they have tons of problems with these models but I ca n't produce my receipt so it 's $ 124 to fix . They do n't care even though they know the phone sucks . The phone is now in the trash and Panasonic will not get my business again . My other friends who have similar models do n't like or hate their phones as well .
 I have had this phone about a year and I have already experienced several `` out of range '' errors on the handset while I am within two feet of the base unit . This is really frustrating along with the extreme amount of pressure it takes to push the buttons , which sometimes results in double digits getting pushed by accident . Also , wish there was a redial button and everyone who uses it pushes the intercom button to end the call which makes a loud beeping noise . So obviously pushing the talk button to hang up the phone is not the normal procedure nor is it very popular with my friends who can not seem to get the hang of it , pardon the pun.I will give the phone a thumbs up for clarity and distance as well as battery talk time . But overall I am disappointed in this Panasonic product . Wait , come to think of it I never liked Panasonic stereo equipment either . Hmmm , I wonder if Pioneer makes telephones .
 Here is why I rate this phone so poorly :1 . Hard to use number pad . The `` press '' action requires significant pressure and the surface is slippery as well . So , I often end up dialing the same digit twice . I call many different international numbers and it is so frustrating to redial 15 digits again . : -LRB- 2 . The User Interface of the entire software -LRB- Redial , Memory , Directory , etc. -RRB- is very poorly designed . It does not even have a `` redial '' button .3 . I often hear crackle in the signal . -LRB- Although this could be me wireless router interfering with the signal -RRB- . I was very happy with my previous Panansonic phones . But never again I am buying one without actually getting a hands-on experience with the phone . This seems to be a growing trend with electronics these days - prices are falling and quality is getting worse . I would advise you to stay away from this model .
 * - * - * - * - * Would be a great phone -LRB- 4 Stars -RRB- except for a FATAL FLAW . Does Panasonic get kickbacks from battery manufacturers ? *** OH *** Panasonic makes ITS OWN batteries.BEWARE the manual 's advice that this phone `` may be always kept on the charging base . '' Its batteries are NICADs ! NiCads have memories !!! So be sure to leave the phone off the charger until it requires recharging . Otherwise your battery will last only a month or two -LRB- I am totally serious -- happened to me -RRB- . If you 're lucky and the battery dies at the 29-day stage , AND you have every single plastic bag , twist-tie , styrofoam piece , receipt etc. , take the ENTIRE unit back to the store and they have to exchange it . The store wo n't just give you a new battery . After 30 days , a replacement battery will cost you $ 20 & up . `` Ching `` PS I called Panasonic and guess what ? Everybody complains about this . And I thought America was n't full of geeks . Good work everyone , now -- if we can just get the MFR to improve their product.Bought ******* Fry 's ElectronicsLasted ******* Twoish years so far . Am aiming for the sky here ... Range ******* Great . No static.Durability ***** Drop-resistant if you have carpets , else resist.Buttons never wear out or through that I have seen . -LRB- Unit gives out before buttons do . -RRB- Speakers ***** Fine , both in-ear and speakerphone . *** Great feature -- handset has own speakerphone , stands up nicely on flat hard surface as long as you do n't touch it ; *** Poor feature -- like most phones these days does not fit comfortably against my ear & lacks any but minimal curve , which mars hand-holding in my opinion.Caller-ID ***** Is some proprietary version you have to pay additional for.Placement **** One version hangs on the wall ; its handset can be placed facing either in OR out and still charge , i.e. foolproof.Flash ******** This feature wo n't disconnect the line , making multiple redialing -LRB- to win those tickets or speak with Rush Limbaugh -RRB- more not less difficult.Maybe that 's GOOD!Redial ******* This feature only works after ` Off ' but does call up a list of numbers .
 Although snappy in design , it took a while to realize all the downfalls to this product . The supposed ergonomics of the phone are nonexistent , if you 're partial to pinning the phone between your ear and shoulder.I must admit , it was quite impressive at first -- even with the answering machine . But the answering machine left voices sounding like they were inside a tin can , which left me unimpressed for spending so much on a digital phone . To boot , the phone does n't stand up to the test of time . Less than a year later , some of the buttons on the number pad do n't work and if they do happen to work , they stick . The connection between the base and handset is shaky and mismatched -- and it does n't always connect to the sensors when you set the handset in the base -- so you have to wait to see if the phone actually charges after you place it in the base . Today , it sometimes works , but hardly ever can find a signal even when you 're standing right next to the base . But boy does it look good on the office desk!It also never stood up to it 's claim to fame of 2.4 GHz , since I could n't walk outside of the house without getting static.For what little -LRB- if ANY -RRB- wear and tear we put the phone through , it became junk in 9-12 months after we bought it . Granted , I bought an early version of the phone , so they might have improved upon it since then , but I would n't recommend it to anyone for anything else than a meat tenderizer .
 This phone is digital at its worst . If I move while using the phone the static will interupt my conversation , even when in the same room as the base set . In addition , the base speakerphone is barely audible at full volume . I 'm going back to V-Tech .
 I bought one last March it lasted about 3 months . It became staticy and would say it was out of range when near the base unit . I traded it in for the same model and the same thing stated happening about 4 months later . Neither were at all mistreated .
 I have bought and returned 2 different models of this 2.4 mhz phone . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!This is the most user-unfriendly phone that I have seen , with the most remarkably glitzy look to it.Yes , the signal is crisp . But , as someone who has used computers for nearly 30 years , I am offended that this technology is so difficult to use : Sony 's `` jog-dial '' feature puts this phone to shame . Sony allows you to store a new number in a couple of clicks . This Panasonic device is arcane and unforgiving.Both phones that we owned developed defective incoming ring signals within a week.This must be said
 I bought this telephone because it looked impressive and had a lot of enticing features . Also , it was on closeout and there was a rebate.I took it home and installed it . First problem
 I 've owned this phone for about 2 weeks now and I HATE it ! I live in a high rise , and I actually had to dig out an old corded phone and plug it into the wall because I was getting so many complaints from the people I was talking to about buzzing on my phone . It gets static all the time ; the buttons on the handset are poorly designed so that if I try to hold it on my shoulder I disconnect myself half the time ; the caller ID re-dial does n't work properly ; and on and on ...
 I can relate to everything the other reviewer said ! I 've had exactly the same problems with this phone . If you talk with the phone too close to your cheek , it presses against the on/off button and you lose the call . I 've lost several calls that way and by accidently pressing the buttons on the caller ID side of the phone -LRB- the back -RRB- . I also had problems with the phone not keeping its charge . I thought the phone was defective and returned it . Had the very same problem with the second one . The longest I 've been able to talk without recharging it is 1-1/2 hrs . Called Panasonic and they said I had n't set the phone up properly so the base would recognize the handset . Reset the phone per their instructions and had the same problem again . I 'm about to replace this phone and throw it in the trash where it belongs ! Because of this experience , I 'll NEVER buy another Panasonic telephone !!! I 'd discourage anyone wanting to buy this phone . It looks like a good deal , but it 's not . I bought it on sale , too . Now I know why !
 Ditto other poor reviews . Worst problems with phone is that you ca n't hold phone between cheek and shoulder or it will terminate phone call . Wife wants to throw it out . Also battery life miserable ... keeps telling me it needs to be charged after receiving a full charge even though it has a new battery . Otherwise has some good features .
 I agree with the comment of hitting the on/off button when talking . This phone also does not hold a charge for very long . I could live with these faults but not the one I 'm experiencing now . The phone will not charge at all . I 'm about a month out of the warranty and this phone will not charge when put on the base . The battery is almost dead and I 'm going to have to throw the phone away . Useless . I would not recommend this phone .
 I have ordered these for years from other sources and this is the price per box of one dozen . I missed under tech specs it is PER PENCIL not per box of one dozen . I have ordered these from a dental vendor and ordered the 4 boxes we need for almost the same cost of the 4 pencils . I am returning these . The final cost of the $ 19.04 for 4 pencils is insane !
 The paper itself is fine , but the envelopes sticking ability is not good . I have to use tape to close the envelope I would not buy them again
 This is not 1 inch , it is bigger . It is super sturdy and very good , but it is labelled wrong as far as I can measure , but it is a good product .
 You would think that something titled `` print and stick paper '' would allow you , once you had printed on it , to stick it to something . Some kind of adhesive backing , perhaps , with a protective cover you could peel off.But no . Just as it 's up to you what you print on this paper , it 's up to you apparently to find some kind of glue with which to stick it to some kind of surface.Not only does this product give you absolutely no hint about what glues to use , what surfaces are appropriate , etc.Inside and out , the product avoids even mentioning this little matter of the second verb in its name -LRB- `` stick '' -RRB- . This is one of the most blatantly misleading rip-off products I have encountered in a good long time .
 These cards , and all Oxford cards that I have seen , are absolutely worthless . They are paper cut in rectangles . What 's the point of having a card if it has no more weight than copy paper ? I bought a pack and threw them right into the recycling bin . Went searching several different office supply stores to find a card with decent weight . All they carry are these Oxford cards . I had to order Mead cards from Amazon just to get something that works .
 I buy graph-printed index cards so I can use the graph-side -LRB- not the blank side -RRB- for writing on . Unfortunately , for some reason , Oxford has decided that the graph side is decorative only and now prints that side with so much ink that it 's not possible to use it effectively as graph or careful-printing material . Instead of buying Oxford and returning it when it comes this way , I 've switch brands .
 I have had my PS80C-2 for a little over 2 years . My cutterhead supposedly had a 20 year warranty . I regularly -LRB- every shredding session -RRB- oil the cutters with canola oil -LRB- recommended in the owner 's manual -RRB- and my useage is well below the claimed duty rating . Recently , the unit began to jam more frequently and the shreds started exiting as a single mass rather than as loose shreds . I called customer support and they had me inspect the bottom of the cutterhead for broken or missing plastic fingers . Several were missing . Even though these fingers are an integral part of the cutterhead and the cutter head wo n't function without them , Fellowes claims that they are not part of the cutterhead and that they are not covered by warranty . Still worse , they are not an available part so my only recourse -LRB- according to Fellowes -RRB- is to buy a new shredder ! Fellowes self-serving definition as to what is part of the `` cutterhead '' and what is not is at best dishonest . Do n't buy a Fellowes shredder for the warranty as they will define themselves out of honoring it . I did get a couple of years of use out of it though . So , if you can get a reconditioned unit really inexpensively , it might be worth a shot as a disposable product .
 The shredder does a great job , but when you go to pull the trash bag out of the storage place , it tears EVERY SINGLE TIME on the handle - which some bright spark designed to angle into the drawer . Tears the bag down the middle and leaves a big mess.How hard would it have been to place the handle on the outside of the drawer ??? I curse the designer every time I empty this machine .
 Fellowes uses plastic gears in some of their shredders such as the P400C-2 . These will wear out -LRB- all the teeth broke off on mine -RRB- and they do not support replacement parts after 5 years .
 These are THE WORST t-shirt transfers . I purchased the 50 pack at the store and very happy that they have 100 % satisfaction guarantee . I got my money back and purchased Avery 's `` New & Improved '' 3275 iron-ons . I have n't tried Epson 's but am eager to do so.What makes the Office Depot Inkjet Iron-ons so bad?The `` white space '' yellows -LRB- I thought , hmmmm ... must have overcooked it , lem me try again for less time -RRB- Now the background is just slightly yellow but the transfer is not thick enough to cling to the shirt or whatever . Forget color , washed out and dull . I washed the shirt -LRB- had about 5 different test spots -RRB- and it was like dried oatmeal on the shirt . LAME!My printer is 6-color photo dye inks -LRB- epson r300 - love it -RRB- and this printer supports transfers so I can rightly say that this brand of transfer is for the trash . -LRB- Hey Office Depot , cut out the middle man and throw these things out yourself ! -RRB- So if you 're looking for QUALITY RESULTS , I know the Avery transfers are great great great ! I have had fantastics results with the Epson products I use -LRB- photo papers for photo restoration biz -RRB- and so I believe Epson will have quality transfers , I hope!Ok , that 's it .
 This was described as blue/black ink . It is BLUE !! Your product descriptions need to be more accurate !! If you want to correct this problem , send me BLACK pens at no charge to me .
 these pens are not what I was looking for , the tip is too big and you can not write without fat lines that run into each other , unless you write in large print.Total miss Amazon
 I 'm not saying these are n't good , they are ! I needed tags for jewelry pieces , and for that purpose ... not so much . First of all , they 're very tiny . That 's fine if you want tiny , I did n't mind that . However , the string is very , very thin . . so when I tried tying them on my jewelry pieces , they all got tangled together , and were hard to get off the jewelry pieces themselves . One woman wanted to wear her necklace , so when we went to cut off the tag , I could n't do it . She almost did n't buy it !! So , just be sure the size , etc. is what you want . My fault ... I should have paid more attention . I 'm learning though !!!
 I bought some pens cross this provider at $ 30.94 , but they canceled the order and notified me that they were wrong about the price , which seems to me that it is false advertising . so tell them not to buy from this vendor.also you can deceive.DRCross Classic Century , Medalist Ballpoint Pen and .07 mm Pencil Set , Polished Chrome with 23 Karat Gold Plated Appointments -LRB- 330105 -RRB-
 I was looking for a red copy paper , so I ordered this one . Big disappointment , the color is hot pink - far from red . I would 've tried to return it , but I have time sensitive work , that I had planned , for this paper .
 I am not at all impressed with the color quality of this paper . It 's not even remotely close to what is pictured ! It 's more of a hot pink color rather than the rich red color that is pictured !
 I ordered 2-color ribbons for my business ' Star Micronics SP200 Printer . I was shopping for Nu-Kote brand ribbons for this application . I found the proper Nu-Kote printer ribbons offered for sale on Amazon and ordered 2 boxes . When received , I found that the ribbons the vender -LRB- thefactorydepot.com -RRB- had sent me were generic `` no-name brand '' `` compatible '' ribbons , not the Nu-Kote brand products I had ordered . When I called to complain , I was told that they would pay to have them returned . Fine , but by the time of receipt I was completely out of replacement ribbons and there were no replacements available at a retail outlet in my local area . So , I was forced to keep them . As has been my experience in the past , the performance of `` compatible '' ribbons , has been no better than just `` fair '' , and purchased at a much higher `` name-brand '' price than generic compatibles can be had for at sites like eBay.So , beware this vender . They , at least in this case , engaged in misleading advertising .
 These look like good quality standard business envelopes . I bought them because of the recycled content . We stored them away for a few months because we did n't need them yet , and when we pulled it out today , every single envelope is sealed shut . -LRB- It was not stored in a damp environment . -RRB- Due to Amazon 's return policy , it 's too late to return them . Looks like these recycled envelopes are going straight back in the recycling bin . : - -LRB-
 Worldgate went out of business , so if you buy the phone , you ca n't use it without the monthly service .
 I was looking for equipment to improve my Skype experience . When you select one item , Amazon generally advises two more `` Add these to Cart '' . I did . When the device was delivered I plugged it in and turn it on . THEN I read the reviews . YES THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK.Next time , watch very very carefully what Amazon advises you might like .
 UPDATE
 I can not recommend this product as the alleged Grip-Seal does not work . You will need to use tape to seal this envelope if you do n't want the envelope to open up in transit .
 Ok I hate to write negative reviews but these envelopes have very poor glue on the peel and stick side . I 'm putting a piece of scotch tape on everything to make sure they stay shut which kind of defeats the purpose of buying &#34; Grip-Seal &#34; which do n't really grip that well .
 Bought it based on Panasonic reputation and apparently good feature set . It worked for a few months and then started jamming . Blank paper jams . Outgoing faxes jam . Incoming faxes jam . The only thing this machine does well is take up space and use electricity . Oh yes , if your cat comes near it may get its tail jammed in the stupid machine as well . Replaced the awful thing with an HP and have been quite happy . Do n't Buy This Awful Thing !
 I 've had this machine for about a year . Worked fine first 6 months . Thereafter began to frequenly jam paper in an accordion fashion which is very difficult to clear . Sometimes had to use tweezers to remove bits of jammed paper . ARGHHH !!!
 Initially we were very pleased with this fax machine , but about 18 months after we bought it we started having problems . Usually a couple times per week the paper jams as it is trying to exit the machine . Once it starts happening , it continues over and over . It becomes very frustrating . Eventually we just have to turn it off until the roller cools down . Do not buy for office use .
 This fax machine requires the drum unit be replaced about every three toner cartriges . Drum unit $ 75 - $ 100 . May as well buy a new fax machine every three months.RS
 I ordered a Fax machine for a customer . I recieved the wrong product , choose to keep it and get my customer what he wanted . It line errors alot in the middle of fax . It shoots 4-5 pages at a time instead of one at a time . It takes sometimes 3 seperate attempts to fax a 4-6 page fax . It basically is no good to me for anything but an extra phone and I still need a fax machine . I guess it recieves faxes ok . The 25.00 ink is so little and does not last a month.Not due to the fax machine . But due to how I got the fax machine , I am hesitate to order from Amazon again . I got the fax machine because it matched the item number at Amazon-not because anyone matched the product .
 I purchased this product 17 months ago and now it jams constantly after receiving about 5 pages . It crumples at the fusion roller where it 's supposed to come out . When you call service support , they wo n't talk to you because it 's six months out of warranty and they will give you a 900 number to call at a basic charge of $ 7.95 plus any minutes that you keep them on the phone over a period of time . Seems like I 'm not the only one who is having this problem . This product is defective and from the other people 's reviews , it seems like this product is timed to do this after the warranty runs out . I 'll never buy another panasonic anything and told them where to stick it . Caveat Emptor ! Now you 've been warned .
 Sooner or later you will get this message and no matter how many times you change the expensive cartridge , it wo n't go away.You can save yourself a lot of time and money -LRB- not to mention frustration -RRB- by resetting your machine : -LSB- Menu -RSB- -LSB- # -RSB- -LSB- 9000 -RSB- -LSB- * -RSB- -LRB- Will display P-SF -RRB- -LSB- 6722 -RSB- -LSB- Fax Start -RSB- -LSB- Menu -RSB-
 This machine looks and feels flimsy . Panasonic technical support is excellent , but unfortunately you will need it if you buy this machine . Also you 'll need an extended warranty since you can expect problems.The instructions on how to set this up are confusing , and its easy to go wrong , and easy to make a mistake in putting in toner.I bought this for home use and wanted a plain paper laser fax to save on consumable costs and get good quality copies.My first unit did n't work at all . Panasonic sent a replacment without charge.After about 18 months of very light use -LRB- as a home fax -RRB- , it started to make lines on every copy and fax sent out.Panasonic technical support tells me this is a problem with a bad chip and it will have to be sent back for repairs which which will be expensive and take time and effort.I am very disappointed with this machine . I liked the idea of a laser plain paper fax , but this one just is n't very good . I 'm sure you can find a more reliable machine out there .
 Purchased a Panasonic KX-FL501 from Amazon.com on August 01 , 2001 and replaced it 06/13/02 with a Brother IntelliFAX 2800 , which so far has been an infinitely more satisfactory machine for exactly the same price . The KX-FL501 was complex to set up , program , and use beyond absolutely basic functions , copy quality was barely adequate for a machine in its price range and it gave constant problems with multiple page FAXes ; both sending and receiving . Sending , it would feed several pages of the original at once . Receiving , it would pull several blank pages from the paper tray , often so many it would jam . Adjustments did next to no good . Essentially , it was non-functional .
 I love Panasonic products . All my phones , TVs , etc. have been Panasonics . So I purchased this . It is a MONSTER . The print quality is excellent , but replacing the toner is complex and confusing . I broke something inside when I tried to change the toner -LRB- which BTW is very expensive -RRB- . The support was subpar and not available on weekends , plus being limited to PST.I 'm practically in tears because it was such a waste of money.Unless you are a rocket scientist and can figure out how to load the replacement toner , DO N'T , PLEASE DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 Paper jams all the time.Lost many important fax info.I can no longer fax out . Half the page is solid black on the receiving end.I just replaced the cart & drum unit . -LRB- Expensive -RRB- Now this breakdown.This is my second Panasonic fax machine and my last .
 I bought this fax for light to moderate home use . It has never worked properly . I have to stand at the machine and feed multi-page faxes one page at a time -- otherwise the machine will pull up to 5 pages into the feeder at once . Similarly , when printing multi-page faxes the machine often pulls multiple sheets at once , sometime jamming.Panasonic customer service has been absolutely unacceptable . One rep. told me , with surprising candor , that these were design flaws common to this machine and there was nothing Panasonic would do . A second rep. told me she would do nothing unless I fed sheets into the machine and let her LISTEN to it over the phone . In neither case was I offered repair or replacement.I strongly recommend against buying this machine .
 the new shapped dispensers do n't fit the older holders - I was able to fix the problem by carving out some of the plastic inside the holders
 Decent design . However , the one I received was uneven and wobbled at first whenever anything was placed in it . I bent the support bar underneath to even it out . I 'm glad I did n't pay more than I did for it . Overall , it is still functional though .
 Great idea but absolute junk . With the various sized plugs it 's so heavy it falls out of European sockets . I propped it up with books , and still it only worked for 3 days into trip and then just stopped .
 I 'm soooo dissapointed . I thought i had found a good charger for my mp3 player , but as soon as i started charging it , I realized the USB charger actually does n't work : -LRB- I 'm going to see how I can return this .
 I purchased this product based on rave reviews on Amazon and other sites . It broke two days into a two week tour of Italy . I managed to find a remote shop during vacation to purchase additional fuses , to no avail . This product is terrible and I am tremendously annoyed because the return window has passed . Terrible product !
 I purchased this thinking I could toss all my old adapter plugs , which I did . I took it on a month long trip and it died the second day and I was without . I am not sure why such a simple device should be so shoddy .
 Here 's the essential information from the product 's information guide that I wish I had had before I bought it : `` IMPORTANT
 The USB charger does not charge a Creative Micro Zen MP3 player . The player just drains to zip when it is plugged in .
 I bought this travel plug adaptor a few weeks in advance of a trip overseas . There was no way to check to see if it worked until I arrived at my destination ... and it did NOT work at all ! Thankfully someone else in my group had a spare adaptor ... what a rip off . The trip lasted almost 3 weeks and now I see that the time frame for returns has lapsed . One of the worst Amazon experiences I 've ever had ... wish they would remove this product from their offerings !
 I went to Europe and bought this item before I left . It did n't work on any electrical applicance that we brought . I was stuck in Europe with NOTHING . I DO NOT recommend this item . Worthless .
 I 've tried two of these travel chargers . It 's a nice idea . I have some devices that can be trickle-charged by USB , so for my trip overseas I wanted to just bring one of these adapters and the device 's USB cables to save space . But the USB adapter caps did not charge my cell phone -LRB- Motorola L6 -RRB- or PDA -LRB- Palm TX -RRB- , so I 'll still have to bring the full wall adapters.If the AC adapter cap converted voltage , it would be great , but it does n't . If you could plug the AC adapter cap onto one end , and the USB adapter cap on the other , you could have a nice compact one-piece unit for travel . Of course if the USB adapter cap does n't work , what 's the point?It 's still useful for its travel adapter cpabilities , but I am disappointed that it would n't charge any of my USB devices .
 Thing seems nicely made , clever design . However , you CAN NOT plug in laptops with a ground pin sticking out , it wo n't fit . Sigh . back it goes ...
 The USB adapter worked great , but the way it is described is that it is a plug adapter and it is not . It adapts to various plug types , but you can only plug in a USB device and not a standard US plug device .
 I visited Ireland from the U.S. and my hair dryer sparked when I used the adapter and fried both of them . Also I had a convertor for my iPod , but was unable then to use the adapter . The USB charger never worked . Oh well , live and learn .
 I was under the impression that this was an AC/DC power converter . Do not be fooled !
 in the demo video the monitor rotates a vertical 360 . I hurt both my hands trying to get the harness that connects to the monitor to do that . I love the idea of an affordable articulating arm for lcd monitors to free up deskspace and be able to freely move the monitor . the 7flex came close but no cigar . BIGGEST COMPLAINT
 I purchased new tabs but received a package that was previously opened and half of the labels were missing I an now waiting for my refund . I purchased these tabs before and the worked great
 I appreciate the fact that you have asked about the quality of the teletype paper that I purchased.The texture of the paper is course and weak . It does not unroll and flow well out of the teletype machines . It fractures along the edge and then bunches up and jams the feed.The machines require constant attention when running to assure that the feed problems can be corrected before the current incoming message is lost.The original paper that was available from military or commercial outlets was a smoother , harder , more shiney material that slipped through the machines without fracturing or tearing.The gray color is not as desireable as the original yellow hue - but that is not a factor in the rating that I have assigned to the product.The reason that I purchased only a few rolls was to try out the product before making a large commitment.I am not angry with your company . I realize that when you folks purchase materials you do not know the usefulness of the items until they are out on the market . I was pleased with the service that you rendered.Is there a possibility that you will be able to secure a higher quality paper in the future?Thank You , Harold N. Rice
 It advertises the TSP 143 but it is actually TSP 100 NOT with an ethernet connection . Wrong product recieved and I 'm late to receieve this for my business now !
 ordered TSP143 , the box said TSP143 , but the actual machine is TSP100 . What is up with that ? Now we need to ship it back , and wait forever for correct ones . please get it right
 the phone overall is a good product , the one thing that made me decide to abanon it and buy another phone is , the earpiece volulme . the phone setting does n't have anything to adjust the volume which makes it impossible to use outdoor even indoors it 's a struggle to hear . i do n't know the reason they setup the earpiece volume so low , but if they were to fix this problem i would probably buy another one .
 Two of the four came out just dead after opening . Did not return due to hassle . Better buying from Walmart so that easy return is possible .
 Make sure the marks have dried completely before you try to erase them , or you will leave dark smudges all over your whiteboard . Even when dry , marks do not erase completely . I will probably stick to the regular markers from now on and steer clear of the low odor ones .
 I was pleased with everything about the product except the black marker being dry , right out of the box . It would have been too much of a hastle to return the package for one dry marker .
 Buyer Beware ! This company is not a particularly good one to deal with when addressing their product failures . I purchased this very lockbox a few months ago . I did n't have the yardsale -LRB- for which the box was purchased -RRB- until this past weekend . I went to use the box and came to discover that the keys the company provide for this box were the wrong make - they were keys for a different model lockbox.I called the 1-800 phone number to get this problem fixed -LRB- i.e. the proper keys -RRB- but was told that since I could no longer produce the receipt from months ago that I would have to now purchase the proper keys at $ 7.95 . This is a product/company error and I am being required to pay almost HALF the original purchase price for the entire box because of this companies inability to provide the proper key for the purchased box.I would suggest that potential buyers take their money and purchase lockboxes from companies that actually honor the time bound expectation of providing quality products . This company does NOT do that .
 Length :
 I will not buy a lock box from this company again . Within two days the lock jammed , the key would not open it , and I had to pry it open with a butter knife . Yes that 's how cheap this product was ! Save your money !
 I just got this shredder , plugged it in and it runs continually in auto feed . I do not want to have to turn it off and on as I need to shred . That is a main feature I need in a shredder . I do n't mind the noise and the shredding is actually good , but I ca n't have it run continually . I need to just be able to drop pieces in it here and there as I go through my paperwork without having to switch it on and off each time . I even tried to clean the sensor and that did n't work either . I do n't even want a replacement , I plan on getting another brand . I would n't even rate this one star as it should come out of the box working correctly , but Amazon would not let me rate any lower .
 The paper shredder was received with a dent on the front . I used it and it quickly got too hot from use . It just was n't the product I needed .
 Within weeks of my purchase , the product failed . When switched to the ` auto ' position , the motor cycles continuously . I contacted Sisco and they have been uncooperative . They are essentially denying that their product has failed . They want me to ship the product to them at my expense ; they will then decide if it is broken . They agreed to send me an email with their return terms , but they have not sent those terms to me . Their one-year warranty is an empty promise !
 I bought this product -LRB- not from amazon -RRB- and it lasted all of 2 months . I only used it three times in that period . Wish I could get my money back .
 Regardless of popular belief country of manufacture does make a difference . The USA branded version of these pens are great , the Mexico ones not even close to the same product . the USA pens write SMOOTH , the ink flows , great BIC pens . The Mexico ones , the ink is juddery , not what I would call smooth . I am now seeking the USA made ones because it appears BIC has moved this product manufacturing to somewhere where the wages are low and the quality has gone south . I Returned this order pronto , tell Amazon they need to ensure accuracy in product listings , I thought I was getting the USA pens as displayed , WRONG .
 When I must use a pen I want it to give me clean lines.Since my last purchase was a box full , I have a lot of these things.They leak ink past the point and cause blotting on the paper.I have to keep a tissue on my desk and wipe the pen frequently.Even so , I ca n't write an entire line without blotting.I 'll be looking for a better pen , next time .
 EVERY time I pull the cap off of this pen , the grip part comes apart from the pen and tries to stay in the cap . So I have to grab the grip , pull it out , and put the pen back together . Could n't they have made the parts of the pen STAY together ???
 They work well as long as you write really fast with them , but I have lousy handwriting so I try to take my time forming letters to keep my writing legible . At slow writing speeds these pens are simply useless because they frequently stop putting down ink . They also have a rough feel to them as if the ball is catching on something as I write , which just makes my penmanship even worse .
 I bought this for my classroom after having a Panasonic one for 10 + years . This one lasted for 18 days before breaking . It started off great and was an excellent choice , but for busy places it is not the best . It is a shame because I really thought this one would be an excellent buy , but I was wrong . Sharpener companies need to test their products in a busy classroom or office to really get an idea how they will stand up for the consumer . Surely this would last for the average person who only sharpens a few pencils a day . Kid tested and not teacher approved .
 Sharpener works well for new pencils , but used pencils do n't get very sharp . If pencil has not sharpened evenly , it comes out the same way when sharpened in this pencil sharpener . I was really disappointed in its performance .
 I purchased this pencil sharpener for my 3rd grade classroom after already having gone through 3 cheaper sharpeners this year . One of my students brought in this exact model for about a week between sharpeners , and I was amazed at how well it worked so I ordered one of my own for the class . It performed excellently for about 3 weeks -- it quickly ans quietly sharpened pencils into very sharp points . After that , however , it took longer and longer to sharpen -LRB- you would have to move the pencil around and apply pressure to the pencil to get it to sharpen evenly -RRB- and the `` sharpen '' light no longer worked . It only lasted about two more weeks , and now it is completely broken . You can hear the motor when you put a pencil in , but the mechanism that turns to actually sharpen the pencil does not move . It was n't worth the $ 50 I paid for it , and it 's not worth the $ 30 it 's currently listed for . Save yourself the frustration and find another sharpener .
 I bought this sharpener for my kids in school and within 3 months , it quick working . The motor runs when I put a pencil in , but does n't sharpen ! I ca n't find a number to call customer service ... will be going with a more reputable brand next time . Very disappointed .
 Bought this for home use , had it for less than one year , and it is broken . Therefore , I would not recommend this pencil sharpener . Only thing good about it was it 's upright design . The area where you empty it appears large , but is actually very small , and you have to open it on top of the garbage , otherwise it spills all over the place . Sometimes , it will sharpen only one side of a pencil , and on the other side , the lead is still covered even though it 's pointy . Main thing is that it broke after a year !!
 IT does not make a sharp point on the pencil . Their is an auto stop feature which would be nice but it stops the pencil from being 100 % sharpened . Also , I put this in my classroom and it broke within a week . Not good for high usage areas .
 Not for households that like to sharpen pencils , or households with kids who do homework and need sharp pencils . The motor overheated easily , not all pencils fit , and it broke within 6 months of normal use .
 Since the goal of pencil sharpeners ought to be sharp pencil , this model fails to perform . I am not a fan of the auto-shut off feature , especially on this model . The sharpener shuts off quickly , leaving a rounded pencil lead instead of a point .
 This is a terrible product . Neither my kids nor i can use it effectively . I am replacing right now because it destroys oencils .
 REFURBISHED PHONE WAS A TOTAL RIPOFF . THE PHONE DID NOT WORK AT ALL WITH THE BATTERY SUPPLIED OR ANY OTHER BATTERY THE SHIPPING COST TO RETURN WAS NOT EVEN WORTH THE COST !
 this item is not labeled correctly - it is an expansion handset and that 's not part of the description . See the image of the owner manual above .
 The photo makes them look much nicer than they are . They are n't made very well . The one I received bent and fell apart shortly after I received it . For the amount you pay , it 's not worth it . I found bookmarks I like a lot better than these . I would avoid .
 These are not privacy type . They are very light weight and the description did not warn me that they would be this way . If I had found self seal I would have bought THEM .
 I ordered this because it said HEAVY DUTY use , figured it would be a great tape dispenser , boy was I wrong should have known better because of the price , cost more to ship this piece of sh ** than it was worth , so NO I would not recommend this not even for home use . it is JUNK . . oh and it also said 2pk , So I thought I would get 2 but did not get 2 only 1 not that 2 would have made a difference it is still JUNK . . Roger
 Horrible item , I would recommend that you do not buy this . The swivel adjuster wo n't tighten enough to prevent the laptop from falling towards you .
 Why did amazon recommend I buy this , when it ALREADY comes with the Ergrotron Lx Dual Stacking Arm . Now I have one Notebook Arm Mount Tray sitting around , un-opened and un-used in my apartment !! WTH !!!!
 this thing needs better support , especially on the two bottom aluminum arms . they should wrap around another 90 degrees so as to secure the laptop from falling off the tray . depending on the angle you adjust the notebook at , your laptop can fall off this stupid ill-thought-out device and break . thanks for the stupidity , ergotron .
 Pretty flimsy bookmark for the amount of money . Jewel broke off immediately after purchase . It looked nicer in photo .
 If what you are selling is a pack of 4 markers why does your photo show 8 markers ? You are misleading customers and I hope you do n't make any sales .
 I ordered this . The description of the item was 3 sets of four markers in four colors . I ordered a quantity of three , as I use them a lot in my classroom and this seemed a great value . I received three boxes of four markers per box , each box one color , or about $ 3 per marker , which is 3x retail price in stores . I contacted seller through customer service on website three weeks ago . I have yet to get a response .
 This thing did n't last a month . The key pad was bad in it . The price was great and I really liked the way it looked . Too bad , huh.I would n't buy it again .
 Bought this GE Cordless Phone . Would n't hold a charge , could n't find a new battery for it , not worth sending it back to the seller , dumped it in the trash . Never was able to use it . Is that blunt enough for everyone ?
 This phone has been a pain since we got it . For some reason , placing outgoing calls is one of the hardest things to do on this phone . You dial the number then wait , and wait , and wait , and hopefully you will get a connection .
 This may be the worst phone ever . The battery lasts only a few hours off the charger and it will NOT place outgoing calls . You can push numbers , but the only person you get on the other line is the operator . Incoming calls are fine , but you can NOT dial out . Spent another 5-10 dollars are get a phone that functions as it should .
 I admit I was sceptical about this paper due to the price . It is not what I consider matte finish . It is a flat finish . Basicly it 's card stock . The colors do reproduce very well on it and it is a good , heavy weight , but again it just looks like it 's printed on card stock . I am very happy with the glossy and semi gloss Canon papers , but am very disappointed in this one . Other matte papers I 've used still have a sheen to it that allows the colors to pop . I will find some use for this but I will not buy it again .
 If you have an hp printer and are doing photos , this is not the paper for you . I would recommend Kirkland or HP paper myself .
 I did n't even think to look at the reviews before I bought this because it 's Canon and I love Canon ... but they 're matte photo paper is AWFUL . This is like card stock , nothing more . There is no matte finish to it and it looks terrible once printed on . Very disappointed with Canon .
 Do n't listen to the guy who says that the photos look as good as the Photo Paper Plus on this paper.The photos look like they were printed on standard paper . The paper 's just a little thicker , that 's all.If that 's all you 're looking for , great . I was hoping for the lab-quality prints I was getting with the Photo Paper Plus . The price difference should have clued me in .
 I agree 100 % with the other reviewer that said this paper is just fancy card stock . I was looking for `` matte photo paper '' and this just looks like construction paper . I have never seen any matte professional pictures come on paper like this . What a disappointment . At least I can use this paper for my scrapbook pages and cutouts , but I wont be using it to print photos .
 I bought this expecting `` premium '' Photo paper . What I got was coated card stock label `` everday heavy weight '' paper . The print quality is poor at best . Do not bother with this paper - I perfer matte but order the Canon Photo Paper Pro instead . This paper is worthless .
 I expected the matte style to be similar to that I received at the Fotomat where I paid for prints . This is much more like printing on cardboard . As my wife said when she first viewed , `` it looks like you printed on the back of a legal tablet . It looks that flat , dull , unappealing , even with a beautiful color image to print.I am so disappointed I try to give it away to a couple of friends who have their own printers . When I showed them my results , without telling them first what I thought of it , they simply declined saying they preferred the glossy look . When I told them I hated the look , they breathed a sigh of relief and told me how horrible they too thought they looked . I also showed them some semi-gloss and glossy Canon prints from my PIXMA Pro9000 , they thought they were marvelous.Don ' t buy unless you see an example first in person , otherwise , you too might have wasted good money . I still have one more pack let and am debating to send it back to Amazon or not , as I am not the type to often complain or ask for a refund.One last negative comment , and believe me , I have no positive comments to make about this paper , is that you ca n't even tel which side is the correct side to print . Other Canon paper has the words Canon written all over the back of the paper , but you do n't need it as the glossy really stands out , but on this paper , where you really have a difficult time telling front from back , their is no writing to help you . I actually had to print on the back of one paper and then the other side in order to tell , and then there was very little difference , thus showing just how bad this paper is !
 I bought this paper to make hybrid scrapbook products and cards with . The problem is , one side of the paper is yellow and the other side is a bright white . So the bright white side prints great but the other side blurs together and tints everything a slight yellow color . I 've made adjustments to printer settings and my color/brightness/contrast but to no avail . It still is poor quality and I had better luck with printer cardstock . DO NOT buy for this purpose !
 I 've printed photos for over tens years and this paper is not photo quality at all . Very , very disappointing . I love all Canon 's paper except this one . Truly , I am amazed they would even put their name on it as photo paper . Normally I do n't believe in negative reviews and find most are user caused , but this is not the case for this item and I think we should all get our money back !
 I looked everywhere for Matte Photo Paper . Not being able to find it in the stores , I went to my reliable Amazon and found that Cannor had the Matte Finish ... SO Happy !!! , , until I open the box to find CARBOARD.To say I was not very happy would be an understatement . How can Cannon , in good conscious sell this product as Matte Photo Paper . Oh ! I forgot , business today do n't play by those rules any longer .
 I purchased this paper with the assumption that this would be photo paper - that is what it says in the description after all . I just opened this and what do I find , not photo paper , but cardstock . Do not buy this product . It is not what it says it is . Shame on you Canon !
 Most Canon photo paper is very high quality . I print to the photo paper -LRB- glossy -RRB- and photo paper plus all the time and am very happy with the results . So I was surprised that this paper is so dull . It is hard to tell which side is the printable side and the printouts are 2-dimensional and not very bright .
 I thought that this paper would be similar to the matte finish at local photo places , but it looks and prints just like a piece of cardboard . Very disappointed
 I thought I was getting matte photo paper . Inside was the equivalent of large index cards with no `` matte '' finish on them . I thought it was my fault and so I kept trying to print a good matte photo with my new Canon printer but they were flat and dull .
 The matte photo paper that I received was really poor quality . No matter what setting my printer was set to , the ink ran together and created a really low quality photo . I do not recomend this item .
 Do n't be fooled by what this paper is called - it is NOT photo paper ! So very disappointed when I bought this at a local store , hoping for actual matte photo paper for a project for school . I thought , Canon brand , it ca n't possibly be crap ! I was so very wrong . This is card stock - maybe it is good for other things , but I would n't even use this for crappy photos - you 'd be better off printing on regular copy paper for photos.Canon should be ashamed of this product ! For a great photographic company , this is a very misleading product !
 I thought I could save money by printing some photos on this less expensive matte photo paper . Big mistake . Quality is so poor that I 'm ready to just dump it . Ca n't figure what else to use it for .
 This is NOT photo paper and should not be advertised as such . This is a thick grade of regular paper . If you want to print photos , I suggest purchasing Canon 's pricier `` pro '' papers , which are more in line with what you would get if you printed your photos at any commercial outlet . This paper will do fine for school projects or business presentations .
 Very disapppointed in this &#34; photo paper &#34; . This is nothing more than standard cardstock , but maybe not even that good . Buyer beware ! I will be returning this for sure !
 Unfortunately , I picked the wrong size paper when I ordered this . Not sure if I will ever use this paper , but I might .
 Definitely not what I had expected , this is nothing but glorified printer paper . I used it to print out 2 different photos , what a waste of ink . I then switched to the HP Photo Paper and the images were definitely clearer and sharper . Also , they &#34; felt &#34; more like a photo instead of a normal thin sheet of of printer paper with a dull image printed on it . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I 'm pretty sure that whoever is buying photo paper in this size is not likely to be using it for printing documents . Except this is all this paper is good for . It 's literally as thick as a few sheets of printer paper and has the exact same texture . Needless to say the color prints look absolutely awful . Canon was so embarrassed about manufacturing this crap that they did n't even put their name on the back side like they always do ! Both sides are blank and you can pretty much print on either side because this paper has no coating like the real photo paper.I 've literally wasted my money on it . The only thing I use it for is making test-prints if my printer has been sitting untouched for a while . Unless you plan on using it the same way this product makes absolutely no sense . For just a few dollars more you can get some heavy-weight photo paper with coating , so do n't even bother with this .
 I love matte photos , and I wanted to believe the people who bought this and said it is an excellent product . However , I used it and indeed , it is like using regular paper only a little thicker . Please do n't waste your money on this product ; I have already returned it thirty minutes after receiving it .
 I was looking for a nice matte finish for some work i was doing , and I thought this would do the trick , bu twas I wrong ... I concur with the others , this is just ink sucking card stock !
 I did finally figure out which side of the paper to print on , and that made a slight difference . I am used to matte paper , but this stuff is barely more than thick paper
 Canon Photo Paper Matte , 13 x 19 Inches , 20 Sheets -LRB- 7981A011 -RRB- I do a lot of landscape photo printing on 13 x 19 paper on a Canon Pro9000 Mark II printer . This Canon matte paper is the worst I have used for quality photos . The printer produces a very dull print using this paper , but when I use matte paper I buy from a local Staples on the same settings I get a very nice print . I corresponded with Canon on this and they wanted me to try various settings using their program , but I got the same poor results . I finally gave up on this paper and can not recommend it for quality photo printing even though it says on the package that it produces vibrant colors . In my experience , It does not . I find I get the best results on landscape photos from Canon Photo Paper Plus Semi-gloss . Prints from this paper are always outstanding .
 I wish I had read more reviews than just the first ravers . This paper is shite . It 's no better than card stock . I do n't like high gloss , but it should n't looklike printed letter paper . I expected matte , the same way we used to get from the photo developer . I do n't know what this paper is for , butit ai n't for printing photos .
 As a professional photographer for over 40 years , I could not believe that Canon would pass off card stock as photo paper , but it is TRUE ! This is not photo paper , do n't waste your money on it . I used 1 sheet and I want to find out how to get a refund on a product that is not what it is advertised to be .
 Save yourself the money and buy cardstock . This does not look like a professionally printed matte photo . It 's just a bunch of cardstock . Way overpriced !
 I should have done some more research ... I feel like I bought a big pile of card stock ! I wo n't be using this ...
 no real photograqpher would consider this photo paper - It is not Matte either - it is just heavy copy paper for arts & crafts totally misrepresented
 The matte seems to suck up the ink and dull the image . Not sure if this is only the Canon matte products or all matte paper products . I used this same paper in glossy and photos look great .
 This photo paper is no bueno . The pictures do not come out well at all . it 's great for postcards , but not for pictures of family or friends to hang on the wall or frame .
 I should have believed the plethora of reviews stating that this is cardstock , not photo paper . I thought `` Canon ca n't be deceiving loyal customers who just spent hundreds of dollars on a new printer . '' I was wrong .
 If you have ever gotten poster board for a school project , this is what you get in a small form . It 's terrible . I suppose if you are using it for a school project then it would be great to print on , if you do n't mind sacrificing the quality of whatever you are trying to print . I read a previous review stating that it drinks up ink and you can see that when your photo is printed . It left big ink spots on the photo that did not disappear when it dried . It 's exactly as it would be if I put poster board in my printer , minus the slight shine . I take my own pictures of my son instead of taking him in and I am a huge scrapbooking fan , hence the reason I bought matte paper ; it looks nicer behind a frame and does n't get the same glare off of it and it looks a little more professional . I would rather drive to fred meyer than waste my ink on this . Spend the extra money and buy nicer paper .
 This is nothing more than card stock !!! totally disappointed ! If you are looking for true photo matte paper , this is not what you are looking for .
 As a number of reviewers have said before me , this stuff is basically super-nice cardstock . It is not professional-grade matte photo paper . The same has been true of all other photo papers labeled `` matte '' that I 've ever purchased , and I 've tried -LRB- in addition to Canon 's -RRB- Epson and Office Depot 's as well.I purchased this looking for an alternative to super-glossy , reflective paper , and I hated the results . Even once I figured out which side of the paper to print on -LRB- a problem for a number of buyers that could easily be solved by a watermark from the manufacturer on the back , much like Canon 's glossy photo papers have -RRB- , the same image printed on glossy paper looks much more crisp and vibrant . If what you 're looking for is a high quality print without the shiny finish , look for photo papers with names like `` luster '' or `` semi-gloss '' . A number of people seem to be perfectly satisfied with this product , and if it works for you , great ! Unfortunately , this `` matte '' paper just does n't cut it for me .
 This is n't photo quality paper . It 's basically white construction paper cut into 4x6 pieces . There 's no finish to it and it absorbs ink like crazy . Honestly , the photos look just awful .
 I hardly write any reviews , though I shop online a lot . Probably this is my first negative review ever . I am a hobbyist and love my pictures . Picture print quality is everything for me because the pictures I print are for myself . I have Canon Pro9000 mark ii printer ... This printing paper is just an average thick paper , does not look like a professional matte photo paper at all . I have printed only 2 pictures on it and they both were completely unacceptable to an extent that I trashed 'em . I would not recommend it and am actually disappointed that Canon manufactures these kind of sub standard products . I am not sure if I can return it ... but the 48 sheets left are garbage for me .
 This paper is thin . I printed a picture of a sunset and the paper came out wavy as if it was over saturated with ink . Yes , all of the settings were correct on my printer -LRB- canon pro 9000 -RRB- . I have not had this type of problem with other photo paper , but for the price you get what you pay for.As for which side to print on , it says you need to print on the `` whiter '' side . That 's impossible to figure out if the room lighting is n't super white . I use my bathroom lighting to figure out which side is correct .
 I think the finish is what it should be - matte . However , the paper actually kind of curled when it came out of the printer because it seemed like it could n't hold up to the amount of ink . I am a avid cardmaker and have used cardstock that is heavier weight than this photo paper . I think if it was a heavier weight , I would have liked it more . It just feels too flimsy for me to bother with purchasing this paper again . And I love matte photos so I guess I will have to send these out to a developer when I need matte again .
 I have a Canon MP390 which makes quality prints.When I bought the printer , I also purchased both HP and Canon Picture papers to see which were better.I was very happy with both brands until I found that after 9 months or so , the Canon pictures have faded badly , while the HP paper is still looking like the day I printed them.I am VERY happy with my Canon printer , and my Canon Powershot cameras , but the paper does not hold up over time.Just a heads up .
 the Matte photo paper is different from what I think it should be ... the result is much different from the Matte photo from the outside photo print studio ... I only try out one ... I would n't use it anymore ...
 Bought this for my mother for Christmas to use with her new photo printer , as she has always preferred store matte finishes . And this is nothing like store matte finishes . It 's dull and lifeless . The quality is horrible and blurred .
 this is the worst matte paper ever ... . such a waste ... . it feels like a regular A4 sheet ... only that this is a little thicker ... eats more ink on every print ...
 This is great scrap book paper.Its heavy weight -- but its not a good choice for photo paper.I wish they had advertised that this was scrapbook paper instead of photo paper.I ended up running to Office Depot and getting some quality photo paper ... that did n't cost me shipping ; -RRB-
 I was so excited to see how inexpensive this paper was when looking for some photo paper to print some extra photos from my wedding -LRB- outside of the ones ordered from the photographer -RRB- . I obviously was n't expecting it to be EXACTLY like the professional prints but the results I got from this paper were TERRIBLE . The box says `` Now great for Arts and Crafts ! '' Makes sense , cause this paper is just cardstock/posterboard . I definitely wont be buying this again !!!!!
 This paper is only good for printing invitations or test pictures . It feels flimsy and the pictures quality is poor . It is like using good quality letter paper for pictures . I have used other photo paper -LRB- Epson & Kodak -RRB- which have been far superior and would recommend if you want beautiful quality , long lasting pics . Buy this only if you want a quick post card , invitation , cheap holiday pictures , etc. .
 i get the whole `` matte '' thing ... but this paper is not good enough for metry the semi-gloss , it will get you a bit of shine on the paper to make the color of photos look better . not like they were printed on standard paper.And black and white pics ? forget about it !
 I 'm very disappointed with this translator device . First ol all the backlight is to weak , for instance it is practically impossible to see the screen when you are in a darker room . Second , the search mode is too confusing , for example it is difficult to search a single word if it is not included into the phrasebook . On the other hand , the device has a helpful list of phrases which suits for differents situations and also the pronunciation of the sentences are perfect . So , as a general view the device is too limited if you are looking for a portable translator to use during the day .
 The Sensa pens are great . However , I was replacing a 10 year old Sensa pen and did n't realize this was such a light and short pen . Goldspot provided great customer service though and I finally found the Cosmopolitan Sensa perfect - as did the recipient . The perfect balance of weight , writing and handsome design .
 After drilling a hole in my desk since the clamp would not fit , I found the monitor on the arm to be rather shaky . It seems the problem is a poor stabilization throughout the arm so any bump on the desk causes the monitor to shake like it is on Jello . I really ca n't recommend this product and suggest you keep looking for something else ...
 I ca n't recommend this to anyone it is a lock in place 1 postion arm if you need to move it you have to unscrew the locks move it than tighten the locks again.Not what I was looking for .
 The Product Description claims `` Easy one-hand infinite adjustment in all directions '' . I have found that this is NOT the case . If I push my screen back , the screen of necessity also goes higher . If I pull my screen down , the screen of necessity also moves forward.If your goal is to place your monitor in a fixed position , this item might meet your needs . If you need , for ergonomic or other reasons , to be able to freely and easily readjust the monitor within 3-dimensional space -LRB- so that , for example , you can vary your posture throughout the day -RRB- , this product will not work for you .
 I was soo excited about these pens , as soon as I received them I shared them around . But boy , talk about poor quality . I was hoping to see the shimmer in the ink as I did with some bic pens in the past , I was also expecting a nice smell from them . But instead , some pens were not writing and those that did , life span was too short .
 I am sorry to say these really did n't make me happy . They are n't really &#34; shimmers &#34; . They do n't write all that well . Very unsmooth . The colors are okay , but I would n't rebuy .
 I thought these pens had shimmery ink but they do n't . They have different , kind of fluorescent colors , but that 's it .
 These write just like any other regular BIC pen , just okay . The colors are vibrant and pretty , but are not at all glittery in my opinion .
 I bought this pen in the champagne color back in 2004 . The metal finish where you put the cap on the end while you 're writing has rubbed off gradually , leaving it looking worn . It 's no longer a vibrant champagne color , though it 's still shiny with a dull color verging on a light-colored gunmetal . Also , the cushioned finger pad looks like it 's wearing down inside . The pen writes beautifully , but Sensa needs to work on the casing so it maintains its lustre . It 's been a few years now since I bought mine . Hopefully Sense has fixed this problem .
 This pen was a beautiful pen until the 2nd day of use when the gold finish on the clip just disintegrated . The pen had no exposure to any chemicals and had only been on my desk , in my pocket or in my hand . Although it writes fine and I like the grip , I ca n't recommend it . I wonder if this is the reason they are on sale for half price ?
 I cut consumer companies a lot of slack , since I know they operate on razor thin margins in a segment where consumers are price conscious.That said , Vonage is a disgusting company . I consistently had the worst customer service experiences with it - ever . I stuck with it for over a year , each time thinking that this was a one-off thing , or that thats the price one pays for lower priced Telephony.To give some examples
 Do n't switch to Vonage beside poor sound quality . They have no Customer Service whatsoever . I have been trying to contact them for over a week and nothing . They do not respond to your emails , and tech support does not answer the phone . The only people you can get to answer is Sales , and they wo n't help you with problems . This is the worst company I 've ever run across . Do yourself a favor and stick with your normal phone company or pick another VoIP provider . Vonage is Bad News !
 We have 6 of these 2 failed within 15 days Linksys refused to offer support and tech support said they would call back but never do . This is after 8 calls to them . We will not buy any more of their products . Lousy product and No support after the sale .
 Buyers beware ! I have never written or posted a consumer rating in my life . I am so disappointed with Vonage 's overall customer service ; I feel that I have no choice but to warn others.Vonage in its own words does not guarantee the quality of its service . Vonage customers will experience
 Low sound quality , difficult to reach customer support , and frequent service outages . Even though my cable internet connection is very good , the vonage service is mediocre at best . In 3 months of using the service , I have had at least 5 days of no vonage service , and many have reported that when they call me they ca n't get through .
 I signed up for Vonage almost 2 years ago and I had problems from the start . My wife demanded that we return to the Comcast digital service . I did as I was told , but I hung on to the Vonage service and downgraded to the 14.99 / month rate just to have a 2nd line in the house . It was still a struggle to maintain with the complaints of dropped calls and terrible sound quality . The the Lynksis Router died last week and could not be revived . I was told by Vonage that I would have to buy a new adapter if I wanted to restore my service . That was the last straw for me . Bad equipment + bad service = a failed company . Linksys may servive selling its junk but Vonage will be a thing of the past in 2 years max .
 This devise is ok when use strictly as vonage adapter . However , if used as a router AND vonage adapter , the quality of the call goes all the way gradually down until the router gets frozen and loses connection.If you download large files and/or try to watch a movie and speak on the phone at the same time , this devise will drop connection and will need to be restarted . That 's my experience anyway.I needed up replacing it with other vonage adapter and selling this on CL for a couple of dollars.Overall , what a piece of junk .
 I 've had the box for about a year . Over time it seems to drop calls . I plug my PS3 into it and it will drop off my game server consistently . I attached a DLINK and everything works fine . Software upgrades did not help . Vonage should look for a better system .
 I bought this router to support my Vonage phone , like most people . The sound quality was n't too bad and it was fairly stable . However , in the coming months , Vonage took over the router and automatically pushed updates to the router . The current version I have constantly restarts the router at random intervals . It 's quite an inconvenience when I 'm on the phone for work and am constantly disconnected . I logged in to flash the firmware , and since Vonage took over , it will not allow you without making some of your own work-around modifications.I 'm not pleased that I ca n't do what I want with my router in regards to updating the firmware.When I find a much better option , I would go for it .
 We paid a little extra for this router for the integrated Vonage phone jacks included in the package . Boy , were we disappointed . We stopped using the Vonage service within a couple weeks because voice packets were dropped when multitasking with web-related activities . Refresh a webpage - dropped voice packets ... check for email - dropped voice packets.Do not buy this router for Vonage services . If you care about quality phone service and you 're online throughout the day , do not use Vonage .
 I had Vonage since April , 2006 . I finally switched back to Qwest after unending problems and hours and hours on the phone -LRB- my cell phone , as my Vonage line did n't work -RRB- with tech support . Here is my experience :1 -RRB- It took about 2 months and about 2 hours on the phone for them to switch my existing phone # over to Vonage . Do n't be too excited about getting the first month free - if your moving an existing number it will take about that long to get it switched over .2 -RRB- After my number was finally switched over , outgoing calls were constantly being dropped after about 20-30 seconds . Incoming calls would also be dropped occasionally after about a minute . This resulted in having to call the person back , saying `` sorry the call was dropped - we switched to this cheaper phone service and have been having problems ... `` This is with the highest speed cable internet service available -LRB- 8mbps download , 600kbps upload -RRB- and a wireless ` g ' system which has provided top notch internet service consistently while I had Vonage problems . I spent no less than 4 - 5 calls and over 5 hours on the phone with tech support trying to fix the problem . After talking with tech support , sometimes the problem would be fixed temporarily - while I was on the phone with them - but return shortly thereafter .3 -RRB- As a result of the problems I had , I asked to be credited for the months in which my phone service was not working . Be warned , they are very hard-nosed about providing any credits for poor or no service . I spoke to a tech support person about getting a credit for a month of no service , and he told me to wait until the problem had been fixed so they could determine how much credit should be given . After the problem had been fixed -LRB- temporarily -RRB- , I called back and they told me they could only provide credit for the current month , not previous months of no or poor service . THEY ARE NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY ABOUT PROVIDING REFUNDS FOR POOR OR NO SERVICE .4 -RRB- Finally , in September , still with dropped calls from Vonage , I switched back to Qwest to get reliable phone service . I found customer service there has improved and is much better than Vonage . And they gave me 3 months free promotion for coming back.In the end , I am happy to pay the extra $ 10/month -LRB- after the first 3 months free -RRB- to get phone service that works . I notice that $ 5 of the extra cost is for fees , etc. that the phone company has to charge but Vonage does not , which is unfortunate . In any case , I guess you get what you pay for.One last thing
 Customer service is horrible . 3 hours on hold , 2 hours on with a `` technician '' that speaks English as well as my dog and they could n't figure out why I had no internet connectivity . The only saving grace is that I was allowed to return it . I had to stop payment on the credit card before they would allow a refund . BEWARE !!!!
 As another reviewer noted , the WRT54GP2 has a constant background noise that sounds much like a modem . There is no cure for this , and it is extremely annoying and unacceptable . The noise has nothing to do with the Vonage service ; it is some kind of crosstalk generated inside the router . It happens even if nothing but a phone is plugged into the WRT54GP2.I replaced my WRT54GP2 with a regular WRT54G router and the separate Linksys PAP2 phone interface . The PAP2 provides clean sound with only a faint hint of background noise . I highly recommend this combination instead of the WRT54GP2.With the separate router and PAP2 , the PAP2 normally goes on the LAN side of the router . There is one issue you need to deal with that the WRT54GP2 takes care of automatically
 I 've been a loyal Linksys router customer since 2001 when I purchased one of their first wireless products , the BEFW11S4 . However , I 've been sorely disappointed with this particular product.First off , I purchased the unit in late December 2004 , meticulously filled out the rebate information , included all documentation that was requested , and mailed in the rebate form immediately . In late March 2005 , I received a postcard saying that I had not properly submitted the MAC address . I 've kept copies of all of my submission so I will be writing back , but this may raise a red flag for anyone purchasing this unit.Next , the hardware in particular
 I got this router from Best Buy when I decided to move my phone to Vonage . I have had nothing but trouble from day one . First , the phone service even sucked but some constant tweaking of the settings over a couple of weeks straightened that out . Now it works great , except for the wireless.The wireless connection sucks . It constantly drops out , resets the connections , and runs very slow . I have to unplug the router at least twice per day just to use the wireless connection.Finally , I managed to fix it and get it working right
 My Chair only lasted 4 months before the arm broke on it . It is a very poor quality chair . Now that it broke I ca n't get ahold of the manufacture for warranty claim . If I was you I would buy a differnt chair .
 I also had this chair for four months and the arms broke , dumping me in the floor . The fabric developed seperations -LRB- not tears -RRB- . I had Office Depot give me a full exchange . The previous chair that this replaced was very similiar in price and construction -LRB- it looked the same to me except it had simulated leather instead of cloth -RRB- and it lasted over 5 years . A word of warning , the warranty only covers a 40-hour weeek and 250 lb . limit . I 'll see what happens in 4 months .
 This is weird . The back of the package lists pad dimensions as 20.3 x 21.5 cm , but the actual dimensions are 20.0 x 22.1 cm . That 's a small difference BUT according to one of the reviewers , the thickness was supposed to be 0.4 -LRB- 10 mm -RRB- inches - it 's only 3 mm . The package does not resemble what 's on the website . I wanted a thick mousepad and ordered 3 of them , and then had to return all 3 . It might be a good mousepad for some , but an incorrect and incomplete description is not acceptable .
 I order this pad but got the smaller one &#34; Naturesmart mouspad &#34; 8 &#34; x8 .5 &#34; instead . It is a waste of time to return andorder the new one . I am working on graphic programs and need bigger mouse pad than standard one and that whyI carefully check the size of mouse pads before I order and expect to get exactly the same item , not a replacementone with smaller size .
 This chair is really cheap so it at least deserves an extra star for that . Otherwise i find it very uncomfortable . The front of the seat pushes up against the back of my legs so it 's pretty bad for circulation . The cushion is really thin and you can feel the wood inside , which will crack fairly easily if you lean to the side even slightly . My back hurts if I sit in it for more than 2 or 3 hours at a time because it 's not really ergonomically curved for any sort of support . All in all it 's a great deal if you just want something to sit on for 30 minute sessions but if you spend a lot of time sitting on a day to day basis you really should get something nicer for your own health .
 Looks good and is cheap . What could possibly go wrong?Everything I wanted to say has already been said - not really comfortable and breaks easily -LRB- IT WILL BREAK EVENTUALLY , SO KEEP YOUR RECEIPT AND LIMITED WARRANTY -RRB- . But really , I 'd stay away from this Office Depot dreckage and go with a quality chair for a few extra bucks instead of hasseling with the warranty people who have to get your paperwork , then send you out a form , and ...
 After just over a year , I managed to break the arm rest on this chair . I 'm a big guy , but not HUGE , and the arm rest snapped at the point where the arm rest attaches to the back . For a chair that cost $ 99.00 , I was expecting a little better .
 I 've used these type of locking cabinets and this one did not work . The wheel would not budge at all .
 Very disappointed . This lock box looks so nice and seems durable yet light , but when I set the combos to both sides , only one would open !! Unfortunately , I trusted that the directions would allow me to set the combination and I 'd be able to get back into the box . Wrong ! So now my files are stuck inside.I will call Vaultz and see if they can be of any help . Otherwise , I 'll just break into it , which does n't seem like it 'd be too hard . I wish there were more comprehensive directions from Vaultz . It seems several people have had this problem .
 Got one of these and the right side numbers were n't turning correctly . Combination was correct on both sides but the right latch would not release . This thing is so easy to get into ... all you have to do is have a hammer and flat head screw driver . Take it to the slide to open the latch and hit it a couple of times and OPEN !
 I bought this for my daughter to take to college , and its appearance is great . But , she waited until it was time to pack to set the combinations to the locks , and only the left one works . After 10 minutes of jiggling with the lock , I was able to pop the right one open , but we ca n't use it because it 's locked and the combination she set it to does n't open it . Additionally , the return window has expired , so we 're stuck with it . The lock mechanism is very cheap . One could easily pry the thing open with a pair of scissors , which defeats the purpose . Waste of money .
 It looks nice , but this thing is n't very well made - cheesy connections at the corners . It came damaged as well - not surprising since it does n't seem to have very sturdy connections or materials . I guess you get what you pay for - if it was twice the price I would be very disappointed ... at this price , just slightly .
 This was a bad purchase for the simple fact that it has a combination lock type locking device . I set a 3 digit pin and had all my important papers inside and when I went to try to open it , it did n't open . I was flabbergasted because I could n't get to all my important papers . After trying to open this with several different numbers , I finally found the 3 digit pin that worked to open it , but it still sometimes does n't open.Don ' t buy this product , you 'll be sorry . I use it unlocked for now until I purchase something else .
 I hate this lock case.I just bought it.I put all my important things in it and tried to set the combination.The directions it comes with are not very helpful . As a result , I now have it locked and ca n't get it back open . It 's worthless . You honestly would be better off buying a nicer one that 's a little more expensive because it would probably be worth the price . This thing is cheap , the quality is terrible . I 'm hoping I can take it back and get my stuff out of it ! DO N'T BUY IT !!
 The Vaultz Locking Personal File that I bought from Amazon is defective . I can not set the combination . The same file that I bought elsewhere previously , however , is fine . Lesson learned .
 This item seriously disappointed ... it is a kid-size set , not really one for an adult . Nothing on the web page revealed this and the shipping cost back was prohibitive . Other reviewer comments about the packaging and construction difficulties are dead on . : - -LRB- Skip this set unless you are buying it for a ten-year-old .
 This may turn into a usable product , but it will be awhile before I know . My wife bought this at Amazon . Four layers of cardboard , 20 yards of plastic wrap , 40 minutes just to unpack it . Another 25 minutes trying to find the screws and other hardware in the mess of styrofoam , shrinkwrap , polyethelene sleeves and cardboard . -LRB- Never did find the hardware . -RRB- 15 minutes to vacuum up the mess . Mfg wo n't accept returns unless it 's in the original packing . -LRB- impossible to do -RRB- I sent requests to the vendor for replacement hardware . We 'll see on that . Directions are a single page of hand drawn sketches . On the plus side , everything is intact & pristine . If you buy this product , you better have half a dumpster for the packaging . Inexpensive , but plan on a couple hours to unpack & assemble . Definitely designed for those with a limited budget & ample spare time .
 This product was a bit overpriced for the quality received . Although it is a perfect size for a young child and has great shelves . The estimated shipping time took a week longer and the lamp was broke when opened .
 One roll received . making a false description as saying 50 rolls per box.If it is for one roll then it is too expensive . I would not ordered it .
 Look very carefully before placing an order . The description states &#34; Adding machine rolls ... 50/box &#34; Only 1 roll was sent . I should have looked at the review out there for this product . Do n't be mislead like I was !
 This item is fine except that it only has a few years on it and then some other words which I did not need . I ordered this one because it was the only one that appeared to have all years and not things like ` recd ' . Not the case .
 I do not recommend this product . The grids line/squares are not designatred on the entire flat plate of the cutter . So lining up paper is very difficult . If I would have realized that there was no grid lines , I would not have purchased the product .
 This cutter works well - WHEN it works . The problem is that the blades dull out in literally no time . I have needed to use it to cut cardstock paper and at about the 30th cut - it starts to shred the paper . Overall it does a fairly straight job - but I end up going through blades like I do tissues - it really is ridiculous . And on top of the price of the cutter itself , to get 2 replacement blades it is around -LSB- ... -RSB- . This cutter has not been worth it at all for me and the measurements - to add on to it - when you get between the 5 and the 6 it 's almost as if it 's not accurate and difficult to measure ! I tried to cut an 11 '' paper in half at the 5 1/2 and it is always off enough to notice . It 's very odd actually . Would not recommend this .
 Yes , the paper cutter cuts . Does it cut well ? No.I use this for trimming pictures on photo paper.The little groove where the blade goes when cutting gets clogged with paper residue and makes it hard for the blade to slide . This makes for horrible , jagged-looking paper edges.This is the fourth paper cutter I own and definitely the worst one . Good thing it was cheap because I 'll be pitching it soon .
 Ugh . I am hating this newer model , and regret getting rid of my old gray one . The orange cutting blade finds every excuse to fall out , since the acrylic housing is too flexible . On the old ones , it was much more rigid and the blade stayed in place . I also find I really have to push down hard on the track in order to keep the paper in place while cutting . I 'm so fed up with it that I 'm looking for a new/better one or I might get lucky and find one of the old gray ones .
 I have had this paper cutter for about 5 years . I use it for projects every few months , and it really has n't held up to that much use . The blades are n't that sharp , and the shuttle that holds the blade is able to be angled/wiggled a little within its holder , which can easily lead to slightly crooked cuts if you 're not really careful . This has been frustrating and wastes paper . The cutter is also unsuitable for scrapbookers or card makers who use 12 `` x12 '' paper regularly , as it 's only large enough for 8.5 `` x11 '' . I would recommend saving your money and purchasing a larger , better made guillotine or rotary cutter .
 This trimmer cuts well , however there are not enough measurement marks . If you are trimming a 4 * 6 picture down to a 4 * 3 picture you have the guide at the bottom , but nothing in the middle to make sure you really have it lined up straight . I found I had to really pay attention to the bottom edge of the photo holding it securly against the edge . If you had one that was n't a straight edge guessing is the only option .
 I guess I was expecting more out of these leave window decals . I just did n't find them attractive after placing them on my window , they seem very cheap , I guess because they are cheap.I threw them away .
 I love the look and color of the leaves but they are only 1 sided . What is seen from the other side of the window is white . That defeated the whole reason I purchased these . I wanted to display them in my windows so they could be seen from both the inside as well as the outside .
 The product works great until the first time you drop it . I 've had 2 of these and they 've both broken the same way ; the housing gyro in the back end of the unit breaks off and rattles around , rendering the mouse cursor unusable . Both incidents were an 18-inch drop onto a wooden floor from the armrest of a sofa.If you do n't have thick padded carpet in your TV room , stay away .
 I really wanted this product to work . I was excited to have a remote that could control my Vista Media Center PC , TV , Receiver , and Cable Box . It works MOSTLY as advertised -LRB- the mouse control is GREAT -RRB- , except for 2 major problems that are not what you would expect .1 . In the AUX mode , I programmed it to match my Onkyo receiver with the code book provided . All buttons worked properly , except the volume and mute controls did not adjust the volume on the receiver . I tried to override them with the learning function , but they still did not work . Interestingly enough , I could override the TV mode 's volume controls to control my receiver volume , but not on the AUX mode . Not sure if it is defective or some limitation of the AUX mode .2 . In the PC mode , you can not program any of the buttons - they are all tied to the PC so you can not , for example , make the volume buttons in the PC mode control your receiver . That means you have to switch to TV or AUX mode to control the volume of anything but the PC . A definite deal breaker for anyone who has a receiver or does n't use the PC to control volume.FYI - I called tech support , and the man I spoke to said he did n't know anything about the `` newer products '' and transferred me -LRB- after accidentally hanging up on me -RRB- to somoeone who did . That guy had no idea what the problem was and insisted that my receiver must be the problem . Not super helpful , and this solidified my decision to return.Also , there is a label in the box that says `` In order to enable all Media Center features , visit http://www.gyration.com/remote-update . This URL does not exist . Searching the Gyration site also yielded no support information , manuals , or downloads of any kind for this product.Great product idea , but very poorly executed .
 This remote is good enough as a media center remote . However , if you are planning on using it to control your TV , receiver and other functions you are in for a lot of frustration . Learning function simply does n't work properly , and as someone already mentioned overrides do n't work in PC mode .
 this product has not worked right since the first day and all efforts to reach customer service have failed . i would return it but as i am on a fixed income i can not afford to purchase another just now . i will certainly think twice before i order this kind of thing from amazon again .
 This Super Glue Porcelain Repair was awful ! I followed the directions exactly and it did n't fill in the narrow slit that needed repairing . Such a waste of my money and time ! Do n't waste your money on this one ... It 's too thin to be able to make the repair .
 It did n't hold on true porcelian , only on a form of other materials . I let it dry overnight as directed , also tried it a second time on clean peaces of porcelian . I was truly disappointed .
 These labels are fine quality , but neither of my two inkjet printers could easily print on them.After multiple tries , I was successful , but the ink just does n't show up well against the gold foil - even on best quality .
 The design/footprint is ideal , especially for nightstands with limited space for a telephone , and alarm clock radio . However , the handset on the unit we ordered did not work . We ordered a replacement , but the handset on that unit stopped working after a few days . The clock and radio on both seemed to work well , and I was surprised at the relatively good FM reception of such a small radio without an external antenna . One other annoying feature is that the telephone cable connection to the unit is hardwired vs plug-in . This required that I use a coupler to connect the phone as the built in cord was not long enough to reach the wall socket .
 I purchased this telephone/clock/radio and will be returning it ! The clock light has a dimmer , but it is either bright or brighter . The ringer had off/low/high , but it is either off/loud/loudest . While talking on the telephone , the radio plays thru the phone sometimes , even when the radio is not on . The telephone cord is extremely short ! Overall , I am not satisfied .
 I bought this two times and had to return it both times . The numbers on the handset were only lit up for three numbers , not all of them ! When they sent me a new one , it did the same thing ! Too bad , as it otherwise looked like an okay product for the price . I did n't want to bother trying a third one .
 I really like the idea of a clock phone , as I bought one about 7 years ago from a local close-out retail store , and it is great . This device arrived with some of the segments not working on the LED display , which means you can not tell what time it is . I took it straight to the local Goodwill when I realized that I could not fix it . Maybe someone will be able to use it as a radio or a phone .
 A couple bad things about this phone . People on the other side of the speakerphone complain that I 'm too soft even though I 'm speaking normally . Also , you can not switch from speaker phone to receiver simply by picking up the receiver .
 Either I do n't know how to properly use this or it simply is not as easy and quick as the canine teeth type old fashioned staple remover . I do n't like it .
 Tried it at work but it did n't work on the staples . . staples are stronger than the remover . . so i ordered another item . .
 Horrible - Where is the magnet ? making me put more words so what else can say than horrible really horrible !
 I would love to review this product , it is cute and I wanted it special for my brother-in-law for Christmas -LRB- we are all dachsie lovers -RRB- . But after repeated attempts to get the product delivered , never got it . Customer service is lousy for this company , they lie , and believe me wo n't ever get my or anybody in my family 's business again . And also believe me on this , I am passing the word Computer Brain . Get your act together .
 I 've had this stapler for about 6 months , now , and it was probably one of the biggest wastes of money in which I have ever engaged . I am a small home publisher of game books , and wanted a saddle-stapler to fasten them myself , rather than taking them to Kinko 's every time I needed a job done.The stapler claims it goes through 20 sheets of paper . I ca n't make it go through ten -LRB- or the equivalent thereof -- 9 sheets and a sheet of 100 lb cover stock -RRB- without the staples crunching up and not going all the way through . It 's true it has n't yet jammed on me , but what 's the point of anti-jam if the thing DOES N'T ACTUALLY STAPLE THROUGH MULTIPLE SHEETS OF PAPER ?? I 've tried being gentle , I 've tried being forceful , I 've even tried pounding the thing , to no avail . Do n't waste your money on this product -- you 're better off with a basic `` long reach '' stapler with a width guide attachment such as the Swingline model found here : http://www.amazon.com/Swingline-Stapler-Adjustable-Locking-S7034121P/dp/B0006HUPRA/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s;=office-products&qid;=1257458847&sr;=8-3We have the Swingline model at my current job and I have never had issues with it .
 I thought these were a god-send at first because I was so sick of cuts from metal fasteners . Unfortunately , these are not much better . The adhesive holding the fastener to the front and back is weak , causing the fasteners to fall apart . Also the coating does not cover the tips , where I most frequently experience cuts on my fingers . Basically , this is a cheap piece of crap . The other folders have the fasteners woven into the actual folder so they do n't fall off . They need to improve the coating on this product and make it so the fasteners do n't come off . Sometimes folders show up without the fasteners at all because they 're already fallen off before they are packed into the box .
 Item was advertised as `` NEW '' . Item arrived with plastic shell opened like a fish and with an `` AS-IS '' label on the product . Seller refused to acknowledge selling me a used product . I 've never had that problem on eBay . I am never buying at Amazon again !
 This phone has n't worked correctly from the beginning . None of the features functioned like they supposed to according to the manual
 I purchased this phone with 3 additional handsets because I liked the Color display . The phone has a USB and With the included software and USB driver -LRB- not compatible with VISTA -RRB- you can download your personal photos and wav files to the phone . As with the cell phone , you can assign different photos and rings to different people in your address book . After registering my add ' l handsets to the base phone , I was able to sync the address book to the other handsets , however , the ringtones and photos which I had assigned for individual people were not synched over with the address book on the other handsets . For the price of this phone -LRB- espicially since it 's a discontinued phone -RRB- I 'm very disappointed that this is not able to be done . Phone quality is good , however , if you 're seeking for color and sharing the phonebooks photos and ringers with the other handssets , I would n't get this cordless phone .
 We ordered about ten of these for the office because they looked great and we liked the idea of having a single purchase for inboxes and dry erase boards for outside the cubicles.We 're sending them all back . Dry erase boards should not require one to scrub off a message written in dry erase marker for several minutes with maximum force , but that 's just what is necessary with these stinkers . One wonders if the manufacturer ever even tried it out themselves.You 'll be tempted to order this because it looks nice and useful , but if you do you 'll quickly realize what I 'm saying in this review . Do n't waste your time on this junk . In fact , avoid Quartet products if this is any indication of the quality you can expect from them .
 I some how thought this was a paper shredder and I was very sad on christmas eve when i realized it was not . I could n't even return it cause it would have cost my half of what i paid for it . . : -LRB-
 I guess people here do n't realize that you can just drizzle a tiny amount of vegetable oil -LRB- DO NOT USE PETROLEUM OR AEROSOL BASED OILS -RRB- spread evenly on an normal sheet of paper and it does the exact same thing . That is actually a recommended method of lubrication for several shredders I 've owned and it says so in the manual . And it wo n't cost you anything . And it works just fine.This product makes about as much sense as a compact disc rewinder .
 Have n't used it ever , but neither did the guy that gave it a 5 star rating . Looking for something that glues rubber and latex .
 These envelopes are not as big inside as they say they are . I had to run my hands I side the sides to loosen them enough to fit .
 I ordered Kraft Bubble Wrap Padded Mailers # 5 as pictured above . Instead I received a flimsy , silver-grey , semi-padded envelope that was not nearly as good as what is picrued . I contacted the company to no avail , and never heard back from them . I will not order from California Office Supply again .
 It 's hard to understand people unless they speak loudly , especially if they are calling from a cell phone . If they pause too long , it will cut them off . I am looking for a machine that uses tapes like my old one .
 This GE machine , General Electric GE-29875GE1 , is easy to set up . If you have DSL , make sure to install a filter just before the machine or you will never be able to hear your messages.This ought to be on the instructions for the answering machine installation ...
 This thing never worked . Even new out of thew box . Makes a nice expensive paper weight .
 Envelopes were way too big for the photo card . Did not like that .
 Great Idea - Poor execution , the focus length is all wrong , even in macro mode . All you can get is blurry images . Its Worthless .
 I pretty much concur with the first poster . I have these wonderful slides shot with a high-quality SLR on Kodachrome 25 . They look wonderful on the projection screen . Similarly our Fuji Finepix produces very sharp images . However when using the Opteka between these slides and the Fuji , the results are awful . The old , `` toy '' Instamatics could produce better pictures .
 Have used this 5x , the first 3x no problems and than it began to eat my documents.Which was very frustrating , and it smokes . The last straw was when it ate my Flat Pepper , and in frustration , I had to take the machine apart in order to get it out . Easy to take apart and put back together , and get it to work , Best advice buy a laminator that has a jam release !
 Absolutely horrible ; this thing broke TWICE after a single use ... not worth the money .
 About a year ago I purchased the Quik Finish Home/Office Laminator Model PL100 . It worked well for about 10 months to one year ; since then it works poorly . It no longer laminates . The pages do not `` gel '' and the print is clouded and not glued together . I will not buy another QuikFinish Document Laminator again . The last laminator -LRB- brand I forget but it was not the above -RRB- I had lasted for years with perfect copies , then one day after thousands of applications it just ceased , but served me well . I hoped at a higher price , this would do even half as well . It failed me .
 Stack-on Products do not come with the proprietary dividers for their proprietary drawers . When I emailed them about it they sent back an order form for 2.50 for a pack and 4.05 in shipping pre-inlcuded and no apologies that they were n't just selling their dividers next to their products at Home Depot.Plus it would take 2 weeks for delivery.This company deserves to go under in the next two weeks .
 Just a quick warning on this product . We 've owned the phone for three years now , we have gone through 3 handset and we have one about the go down . There is n't any one reason that would help Identify the problem , each phone falling in a different way . And now the price to replace looks to have jump seventy dollars ? Too bad , it looks like a neat product but troublesome and does n't last too long .
 This is an overpriced phone . The voice quality is very poor . Messages left on the answering machine are not discernible . Extensions have very short distance from base in order to work . Very disappointed .
 I bought this phone because it was cheap and because it got good customer reviews . I should not have put so much faith in the reviews . This phone has a shorter range than the 900mhz phone it was purchased to replace . The telezapper does n't seem to do anything but make the phone beep when you answer a call . And , last but not least , the battery life on this phone is only about 15 minutes of talking on a fully charged battery . I am going to buy a new battery to see if that will fix that problem , but even if it does , I wish I would have followed the `` you get what you pay for '' saying .
 The V-Tech 2.4 GHZ -LRB- # 2528 -RRB- is the worst item I have everpurchased . I wanted a phone that allowed me to talk andfor the listener to be able to hear me . I have to sit in acertain chair , in a certain body position . Otherwise , theinterference is horrendous and you can not hear anything.The received of my calls can not hear me either.All I wanted was a phone where I can talk to people and they canhear me.THIS `` pseudophone '' does not perform that basic function.Now , I have to find a phone that is a phone .
 This product fails in its basic functions
 I bought this phone from Amazon a few months ago . I had to turn off the Telezapper feature within a couple of weeks because it was so annoying and distracting to personal callers . The phone constantly picks up interference , I personally do n't care for any of the ring options , and the battery just plain sucks . At a couple months old , a full night of charging is good for about 20 minutes of use before the thing starts beeping at me and cutting out parts of my conversation.Skip this piece of junk and sign up for your state 's no-call list instead .
 I was very hopefull with this product purchase a week ago . I read the manual thoroughly , as most electronics require . I like the feature of `` zapping '' predictive dialers , but the fact is , when the tone comes across the phone line , my digital answering machine thinks someone is picking up the line and shuts off . That means , if someone were to call , it would ring 4 times and `` zap '' , then cut off . How effective is this really ?
 Just wanted to let the others know that the replacement battery is not the cure . This phone dies in minutes after a full 24 hour charge . My wife uses it just as a means to get to one of our other two 900MHZ phones which are great ! They are Panasonic and/or Sharp phones . Next phone sale we see , the VTech will be in the trash .
 I also found that the battery life of this phone makes it unusable . Even afterit has charged 24 hours , the battery life is less than 20 minutes . Also , the reception is poor compared to the much cheaper 900 MHz cordless I had before it . Although the porduct claims to have a choice of ring tones , they all sound basically the same.This product is a waste of money .
 Poor battery life , poor reception , and it broke after 8 months of regular home use . Go Uniden instead ...
 I have had the exact same experiance with this phone as most of the other reviewers . The only exception that I saw was that I actually did replace the battery and it did n't help . I am looking for a new phone now to replace it . Buyer beware .
 like some of the other reviewers i have had a real problem with this battery . it literally lasts 20 minutes after a full 24 hours charging . i havent yet tried replacing the battery but i 've only had the thing for 6 months so far and already it 's dying ? anyway i would recommend NOT buying this one .
 Save your $ $ and pass on this P.O.S. - I have suffered with this phone for almost a year now and am shopping for a replacement . The Battery life is almost non existant and has been from the beginning . After sitting in the charger overnight it dies within the first 10 minutes of making a call . Thought about replacing the battery , but I hate this phone so much I do n't want to even look at it anymore . The Telezapper feature did n't seem to slow the telemarketing vultures down much either . I 'm leaning towards a Panasonic or Uniden - wish me luck !!
 I purchased this phone on February 25 , 2003 based SOLELY on the reviews by current owners on Amazon.com , so I decided to give this little V-Tech a chance , but I now understand why I use products I have had experience with in the past.THE PROS : The color is unique -LRB- Champagne -RRB- The Tele Zapper featureThe size/shape of the phone -LRB- compact size -RRB- THE CONS :1 . If the phone is set to `` ADVANCED '' for the telezapper , it causes a busy signal to come through the phone when answering a call or a call waiting call . When set to `` BASIC '' I noticed there is also an annoying beep when answering .2 . If illumination matters , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE ! The keypad does not illuminate in the dark and the keypad beeps are too loud ! 3 . The caller ID records # 's without the `` 1 '' in front of the number . I only mention this , because if you are used to Panasonic phones you know that you can redial a number from the caller id list directly because the place holder `` 1 '' is already there . I have also noticed this problem in many other V-Tech phones . They tend to pick up other conversations4 . My biggest PEEVE with this phone , is the fact that during a call there is static . The calls are not crystal clear at all . I avoided purchasing V-Tech phones in the past because I have known this to be common with them . Changing the channels is annoying too , because it briefly interrupts the call to `` SCAN '' the area only to find more static.I hope this explanation is helpful ... I research purchasing phones quite often , and the only reason why this phone received 2 stars is because of the TeleZapper feature . Which I did n't really have the opportunity to take advantage of.HAPPY PHONE HUNTING !!
 Tried two different one . Took the first one back because of poor reception . Got another , same problem . Walked 25 feet away from the base , and arond a corner and got nothing but static . Tried it in different phone jacks and got the same results.Going back to the drawing board .
 I bought this phone about three weeks ago , the first thing I dislike is that when you answer the phone you hear a beep and so does the caller-its trying to zap every single call which is very annoying . It 's hard to hear people-I turned the volume up and it was to loud theres not a good setting for the volume . The caller ID is very hard to read . There has not been a change at all from telemarketers still receiving alot . The only good thing about this phone is the range , although if you are outside not facing the charger the clearity is gone . Would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 This phone has a vampiric quality of sucking the life force out of me , on top of from the power grid , and using it for a standout fifteen minute lifespan . It is the May fly of battery life , beautiful in its impermanance but useless as a telecommunications tool . Maybe it could be used as bait for an elusive trout .
 I bought this for our homeschool classroom . I thought it would be a fun alternative to a chalk or typical dry erase board . For the price , I was not impressed . The finish of the board had bubbles in it , and several spots where it was scratched off . The edging is not sturdy or heavy . This looks basically like your typical $ 20 white board , just black and $ 40 more -LRB- only I 've never seen a white board with bubbles and scratches , even cheap ones -RRB- . We returned it and are getting a classroom quality white board from a school supply website instead , for $ 20 less !
 The black metal edging around the outside of the markerboard is poorly manufactured -- it appears dented at two corners and the welded seam on one side is misaligned so that the board does not have a true rectangular shape . Bottom line
 My optical mouse by Logitech does not work at all . Put it on bare desk , works fine , put it on mousepad , NOTHING . Not even a wiggle . Maybe it 's just my mouse but I do n't understand this !
 You get what you pay for . Cheap , it works but could be better . Oh well wont buy another one not to bad though
 This mouse pad has an incredibly appalling smell to it , as many other reviews have said . Also , I 've found that my desk is smother than the mouse pad for using my mouse . It 's a waste of a few dollars .
 so i have a Logitech M215 wireless optical mouse that DOES NOT WORK with this mouse pad . I think that sais it all - did not expected this
 The mouse pad stay 10 &#34; from your nose and It is reasonable to expect no to smell so much . I put it outside for 3 days and have this strong chemical smell .
 I guess sometimes you just get what you pay for . In this case , you really do get what you pay for . The material in this small pad is cheap . It 's not made of the same material of the Belkin pad which has a gel pad at the top . I own that one , and the material is much more smooth , and feels better . It has an extra two layers which really make it more comfortable . This mouse pad is like a one dollar item . It 's hardly even worth 3 dollars , and I guess some people might think its worth that . But , overall its not something that I would want to use long term underneath my mouse , or anywhere under my hand.Pros - ca n't think of anycons - everything , uncomfortable material , seems cheapI would recommend spending more money on a nicer pad . Even one about the same price , you may get something more comfortable .
 the most noticeable thing u will notice is a smell on ur hands . u dont know what it is and it might take u a couple days to narrow it down like it took me . the mousepad has a weird smell to it . it DOES go away if that even matters to u or if u cant wait until then . i didnt even notice the smell was gone until i got the notification to leave a review for this . simple pad , good size .
 this product was sent to me and it stunk like tabacco !!! the smell was so strong that everyone in the office asked me if i was smoking . -LRB- i dont smoke -RRB- it was so bad i threw it away .
 Quality is very poor , the edges started to fray less after less than 2 weeks of use . Optical mouse has to be be moved much more than an older mouse . Top of pad is wearing thin already . Very poor for Belkin .
 Honestly , there 's not a lot to say about this mouse pad ... cause its a basic mouse pad , which is what you want . Problem is , the things smells freaking terrible . I 've washed it twice and the smell is still pretty bad and stays on my hands after using it . Its cheap , but do n't get this product ... its not worth it .
 and then the smell sticks to your hand ... that 's why it costs less than $ 3 . Pressed on Return Item , described it as defective and got the sale price back.did not need to return it back ... no one really wants it back .
 A Mouse pad is a mouse pad , I do n't think any manufacturer can get it wrong . But this one smells horrible - Buyers beware it smells of chemicals I do n't understand what they are . Since it is dirt cheap I am just going to throw it away , but hopefully other buyers read my review and look elsewhere.Where is Belkin quality control on this ?
 These mouse pads are made from/with some kind of toxic petroleum industrial solvent that increasingly is in `` rubber '' products out of China . They emit a horrendous toxic odor that quickly fills the entire house . It is not only extremely unpleasant , but poisonous . I 'm leaving my mouse pads out in the sun for a few days to see if it will go away , but from my experience with other recent cheap Chinese `` rubber '' products , the odor/fumes likely will never fully go away.DO NOT BUY THESE !
 When I ` first get the pad , The smell is extremely awful . I thought it might be better after a day or two . But the offend odor is still there , even when I put it in the passage that air can circulate for couple days . The material is not fit for anything used near human or alive things .
 I had high expectations for this mouse pad . The first thing I noticed is that it feels `` slippery '' when moving the mouse . The packaging says jersey-cloth surface . Then jersey-cloth must be a very slippery synthetic cloth . My old mouse pad has a natural cotton/synthetic mix and has a lot better traction , so you feel better control of the mouse . The second thing I noticed was the strong `` tire '' smell . I read the reviews , but I did not think it was going to be such an annoying smell .
 It 's cheap and of pretty good quality . My main gripe was that it smelled strongly of rubber when it first arrived . I tried to wash it but it still smelled . After a few months of usage the smell has gone away mostly , but definitely not something I would buy again .
 I bought four of them . I put one under a radio and one for my mouse . I noticed a bad smell and started getting a bad headache.I could n't take it and went to bed . The next day the nasty smell was still there . I cleaned everything I could think of , sniffing around . Finally I smelled one of the mouse pads . Wow , nasty ! I took the other two out of the package and they smelled just as bad . I tried washing them , and it did bring the smell down a bit , but they still smell terrible . I tried to put up with it , but it starts giving me a headache for some reason . Not sure if there 's something I can do to get rid of the smell or just toss them .
 it looks greet . and smooth , but for me it difficulty to use it with apple magic mouse .
 do NOT buy this ; it has an exceedingly strong chemical smell , that will not go away -LRB- I 've washed it thoroughly in dish soap , multiple times , left it out in the sun , done everything I can think of , but absolutely nothing works , and this is months later -RRB- . If you put it at your desk and try to use it , the smell will quickly overpower you . Deserves 0 stars . Unusable .
 I purchased this mouse pad based on reviews and price , bad idea . My optical mouse does not work with the pad . I tried a different mouse and same problem .
 Do not purchase this mouse pad ! The smell is truly offensive . We attempted to return the item and I was required to pay postage for a $ 2.99 purchase . To help improve the smell I washed it with dish soap but still the pad smelled horrific , I then placed it in the washer machine on delicate and again the pad came out smelling bad . I am upset not only with the seller but Amazon as well ; this seller is selling unusable items and I feel I have been ripped off . I will take a buying hiatus from Amazon just on principle . The product is labeled Belkin so there are two possibilities it either is not a Belkin product or Belkin standards have fallen to an abysmal level .
 I 've had it now for maybe a couple months now and only recently have I been able to work without risking a headache . The release of fumes is actually so bad you do n't just smell it in the air ... you can smell it on the skin of your palm from having been using the mouse . It 's not worth it . Some stuff you just have to buy in person .
 I forgot to see the review before I bought this item . I thought it 's cheap , so I did n't hesitate . After I got this pad , the smell is too strong that cause me sneeze a lot . Then I read the review here , many people have the same situation . wasting me 2 dollars .
 The pad smells terrible and after you have been using it , the smell sticks to your hand . I read from another review that after a couple of weeks it goes away . So I 'll give it a little more time . Its been a week . Otherwise the pad is great . But if the smell does n't subside , I 'll have to throw it away .
 I 'm not sure what happened but mine STINKS ... It seems like there is some sort of industrial chemical on it and it 's ... yucky!I 'm going to ditch it and get another product .
 Do n't buy this Mouse Pad it smells SOOOO BAD like toxic rubber ewwww ... I 'm getting a freakin headache . I bet its toxic too ... Yuck . I will never buy a belkin product ever again .
 I cheaped out and got this mouse pad because of all the high reviews . I should 've spent an extra couple of dollars for a better mouse pad . It 's really thick , does n't glide well , is rather small , and has a terrible smell that sticks to your hands .
 I am a pretty flexible person , but honestly the smell of this product made it unusable at my office . I had to throw it away .
 Well , this was a surprise . My previous mouse pad was a Belkin and it lasted me for years . Perhaps there 's something weird about my optical mouse , but it simply wo n't work at all with this one . Unfortunately I ca n't recommend a specific brand since I just went over to the dollar store after giving up on this one and picked up a no-name brand . That one 's fine . Strange that my mouse wo n't work with this Belkin .
 The smell really ruins my experience with computer . Sitting more than 8 hours around the smell is a disaster . I have ordered a different mouse pad the second day I bought this one . For those who put their health first , avoid this mouse pad -LRB- I do n't even believe it can pass Belkin 's quality control -RRB- .
 The smell of rubber is so strong I ca n't even use it . I have never had this trouble with a mouse pad before . Too bad . I guess that is why it is so much cheaper that most . Now I have wasted my money and will have to buy a different one . Wish I had read the reviews !!
 The smell it horrible , and it stays after 2 weeks ! Stay away from this one if you do n't like stinky mouse pads .
 The mouse pad smells terrible and after you have been using it , the smell sticks to your hand . I threw it away because the smell did not subside .
 Somehow the mousepad would have more credibility for me if they knew how to correctly spell the word greater in the product description . What has happened to our society is utterly shameful .
 It is cheap but not good . I am not using it any more but I did n't bother to return it either .
 With a big brand like Belkin , you expect quality . In this case , do not . The mouse pad was a good size and was pretty thick . That was good at least , but the smell ... HOLY SHIT ! It smells like burnt tire ! The smell was so strong it actually gave me a headache . Do n't buy this mouse pad . It makes your mouse , desk , and wrist smell bad . The smell is absolutely disgusting . I tried to wash the smell away with soap and water , but it did n't do anything . The smell was so bad I had to throw it away and order a different mouse pad . DO NOT BUY .
 I gave this mouse pad two stars only because it is an actual mouse pad , and you can use a mouse on it . The smell is horrible , and it does not wash out . I immediately ordered another mouse pad . This is a case where you definitely get what you pay for.I would not recommend this mouse pad to another person even if it was free .
 This mouse pad surface and size are fine ; however , the pad has a rubber smell that I hope will go away . After three weeks of use it still stinks .
 Where to begin ? Well , it 's a mousepad . It 's flat , black , and has a density that lies somewhere between squishy and firm.Also , and perhaps more importantly , it smells really , really , really bad . It 'll make your desk smell like you just outfitted it with a brand new set of steel belted radials . Really , as a user , that 's an uncomfortable sort of thing to experience , especially from something as seemingly benign as a mousepad.If strong odors do n't bother you , then by all means do n't hesitate to buy this product , but if you 're someone with a sensitive sniffer , you might want to consider paying the extra money for another product . I 'm hoping mine will eventually run out of bad smell-ness , but I 've had it hanging outside in my backyard for a month now -LRB- trying to `` air it out '' -RRB- and while the odor 's diminished a bit , it still smells pretty darn bad ! *** UPDATE 4/3/2012 *** I moved the mousepad inside a little over a month ago , and while it still had a little bit of an odor when I first brought it in , it emits no discernible smell at this point . So , if your current mousepad has about 3 months of life left in it , go ahead and buy this thing , hang it outside , and move it in once your old one finally dies.Oh the troubles we subject ourselves to in the interest of savings ...
 This is an extremely low quality mouse pad -LRB- even with the very low price -RRB- . I expected it to be a little more substantial , perhaps at least a better finished edge . But instead it looks like someone used an exacto knife on a big piece of foam . The worst part was that it wreaks of a chemically rubber smell that is a bit offensive .
 i have been using it for about a week . Not only it smells awful , but it also feels bad and warm on the pad . Bad for summer use . But , we get what we paid ...
 It really smells horrible . I tried to air it out , but it does n't help at all . Plus , the smell transfers to your wrist if you 're using it.Belkin seemed like a quality company that would not allow themselves to such a level of horrid quality .
 Other people have complained about the odor , but I just want to reiterate this issue.I was struck by how bad it smelled when I got it , but I figured after a few days the smell would dissipate and it would n't be an issue.I was wrong . It was like my desk had a chemical plant sitting on it , emitting hazardous toxins into my nose at all times . It 's hard to explain just how bad this smell is . It smells like an abusive relationship . Or a bum fight initiated by frat boys . Or dying alone with no friends to attend your funeral . Or whatever the worst possible thing you can imagine is . Seriously , that bad.But to be less metaphoric , it smells like some sort of noxious chemical run-off odor , mixed with pungent body odor and a stale ashtray.Your wrist rubs on this thing , and makes your sleeve smell like it 's putrescence.After 5 days of it being on my desk and giving me a headache and it 's odor not fading , I decided to try washing it . I used hot water and lots of strong soap . This had no effect.After another few days , still unable to breath comfortably at my own desk , I threw it in the trash and closed the lid.Here 's the worst part
 This product functions just as described . It is rectangular and soft . My mouse glides across its surface as if the two were made for each other . In fact my mouse has never been happier.I on the other hand wish I had never let this thing into my household . As soon as I unwrapped it I was overcome by the stench of mothballs and an old lady 's denture breath . Even after dousing it with Febreeze , I get punched in the face by its odor every time I sit down at my desk . This will be discarded as soon as I am done with this review . I am going to have to tell my mouse that his new mouse pad has gone to mouse pad heaven . He will be heartbroken .
 Mousepad has a terrible smell like wet dog . Hoping that the smell goes away over time . Other mousepads are available for more money . This would be a perfectly adequate 5-star mousepad but for the wretched stench . If the smell does n't go away , I 'll have to throw it away and buy an alternative model .
 Nice mouse pad but smells horrible . When you air the mouse pad out , it still smells bad . The size was off by about an inch .
 I 've been using this router for two days now . I 've exchanged it twice and spent over 9 hours with Linksys Technical Support.All the Routers experienced the same problem . The router firmware -LRB- Enclosed software on a chip -RRB- is very unstable . When I enabled certain features -LRB- Logging , disabling DHCP -RRB- , the router begins rebooting every 600 seconds . Only a hard reset and reconfiguration back to factory specs . clears the problem . If you try to access the router with any security features on , like a firewall , or virus scanner etc. . The firmware develops a rebooting loop every 600 seconds.Technical support , Basic and -LRB- Level 2 Advanced -RRB- is in a foreign language !! I occasionally can detect an english word . These people knew far less than I , and I 'm not a techy ! What is the Linksys solution ? :1 . Do n't make any changes to the router selections . Things like changing the default password to your own more secure password , setting the clock , or any of several others .2 . Use your $ 12,000 workstation on the Internet w/broadband cable access and DO NOT USE your Firewall , Virus scanner , Spyware scanner etc. . Everything will be OK , Your using our router ... -LRB- This is insanity -RRB- ! 3 . The firmware -LRB- to try and reload the software -RRB- for this router IS NOT AVAILABLE!And the VOiP features and functionality ? Never got that far . I use a standard PC from Dell with XP-Pro on a cable modem.Read the various technical forums and discover the severity of this problem for yourself . I found them on `` google '' .
 This rounter `` CallVantage WRT54GP2A-AT '' and the `` Vonage WRT54GP2 '' have the same problem that Roger Simon -LRB- Orlando , FL -RRB- posted I spent about 12 hours between both the Vonage and CallVantage routers . If you leave the factory settings as is then the router works great . When I tried to add my ssh service and change any other parameters that 's when the router would become unstable . It kept dropping the internet connection . Soon as i hooked up my old BEFSR41 everything worked great . Bottom line these routers should not be on the market . It is not worthy of one star .
 I have a Linksys 802B unit that works perfectly . The CallVantage unit is another matter . I 've rebooted the router 3 times in 4 days to get my connection back . The tech guy in INDIA could n't comprehend what I was trying to get across . He told me to switch channels . Only problem was I told him I was losing the connection at the router on an ethernet connection . Nothing has changed except the router and my wireless phone . It is a 5.8 gig unit with that frequency on the base unit and the handset . Should n't be a problem.I changed my SSID , enabled the WEP , and changed my default password . Oh yeah , perish the thought , I forwarded a port.I think I 'm sending this back and getting the AT&T ; adaptor . I can always get a little 4 port hub and start at the modem and split into the phone before the router , then have a cord go into the router , then out to my computer etc.Waiting to hear from Linksys web tech now . I 'm holding my breath.Regards , Owen
 The router and AT&T ; service sucks . I had a problem with my service and they were not able to resolve the issue . The customer service is even worse , it takes an eon to get through and they seem to have 24 to 48 hours of turnaround at each level of support.IF you have to cross three levels , you can only imagine the wait.I would suggest anybody thinking about switching to ensure that you have a backup cell phone with a lot of minutes !! In short , I would not recommend it to my friends.Thanks .
 There is nothing to this device that would even earn it one star , but no stars is not an option.I have now had four of these - provided by AT&T ; - over the past 15 months . The sad fact is that they just do n't work and AT&T ; has stopped supporting this unit . The first problem seems to have been the faulty power supply that early units were shipped with . Later problems are the firmware or some such which At & T ; always seems to be fiddling with remotely . My fourth unit lasted less than 90 days.When it is working , this is a standard Linksys wireless router , a generally dependable device , coupled with a phone-thing that provides miserable sound quality.The good news is that you ca n't get these anymore . The even better news would be if you -LRB- unlike me -RRB- were smart enough to avoid AT&T ; Callvantage together . But that 's a whole different story ...
 If I could rate this negative-one-stars , I would . The sound quality is horrible . I have tried to work with both Linksys and AT&T on the noise quality issues . I have gotten nowhere . The phone sounds like a freakin ' AM radio .
 Overall this device is not worth the hassle.I have experienced the SAME issues as the other reviewers , ATT/Linsys/Cisco do not have VOIP hammered out yet , and the device is not up to Cisco standards , so of course it 's branded Linksys . I have repeated wireless drops , router lockups , etc. with no real support from Linksys/Cisco . Level one support is outsourced , so be prepared to interpret . Each company is playing the blame game , and with the state of layered support , do n't plan on any resolution to your issues .
 No firmware upgrades yet available as of 3/19/05 . The expert that I chatted with on Linksys was a smug loser who asked me questions like , is it plugged in ? After answering his ridiculous questions and explaining the same thing 15 times he finally told me that I should get my router replaced ... sounds like the wrong advice , since many people have the same problems . I am guessing with a new unit I will have the same issues . Internet connection will drop out periodically . Until they recall it or update the firmware . Will a firmware upgrade fix the issue ? Maybe . When will it arrive ?? I will probably be taking mine back . Might give AT&T one more attempt to keep me as a customer by calling their help line . But they may go the way of my former Lingo service .
 Perhaps the built in phone adapter works fine , but as a router it is a remarkably bad product . The router kept resetting itself -LRB- both the wireless and the ethernet -RRB- every few minutes , and seems that when it came back online it didnt use the security settings for the wireless account and so other people were able to access my wireless network . I currently use a Belkin product with the phone adapter provided by AT&T and thinks work just fine . Avoid at all costs , expecially given that Linksys does not maintain any firmware for this product .
 Firstly , let me say that the wired switch portion , and VoIP components of this hub work very well . I have no complaints there , and signup with CallVantage was easy . Configuration is a breeze for those with previous Linksys routers . But the wireless sucks ! This replaced a WRT45G which had excellent signal strenght all the time , with a signal of -50 dBm on average ; with this router , in the same location as the other one , I get good-very good signal strength at about -70 dBm . Obviously wireless connection speeds suffer as a result of this . I forked out for some high-gain antennas , which was also a waste of money , as the singal strength did n't improve one bit . Also support is terrible - I do n't think any of the Linksys techs I spoke to even knew they have VoIP products on the market .
 As do many of us , I bought a product based on the faith I 'd gained from experience with other products -LRB- many -RRB- I 'd purchased from Linksys . Only not to be told that Linksys doesnt own or maintain the firmware . Based upon that info alone , I 'd have gone a different direction . Use the Linksys standard router and the basic TA that ATT gives you with their service . The Linksys router firmware that ATT has licenced , is not up-to-date with the current 802.11 g firmware that Linksys has rev 'd ... and most likely will not ever be.I have frequent lock ups ... there appear to be many bugs in the router software , or at least the admin component . The current IP list -LRB- DHCP active -RRB- is rarely fully correct ... the wireless list is practically never correct ... The router seems to be running much slower than the standard Linksys g 4port router ... and ugh the list goes on . It works . . but if I now see why most stores have pulled this product off their shelves ... or perhaps its Linksys that told them to .
 I had the following problems with AT&T ; CallVantage :1 . My Caller ID never showed up correctly on the phone of the party I was calling . It just gave my city and state , not my name .2 . I would sometimes have problems having phone menus understand my input -LRB- i.e. , dial 1 for English , 2 for Spanish -RRB- . It made checking my cell phone voice mail troublesome .3 . Terrible tech support .4 . Overpriced .5 . There were taxes and fees on my monthly statement that were n't disclosed when I signed up.I have since switched to a company called Teliax and am very happy with them . They are also cheaper - my phone bill will only come to about $ 10 this month , including long distance .
 The good news is that as a wireless router this works just fine . Still , there are better , cheaper , faster units out there including ones from Linksys . You are buying this for the integrated Callvantage service and that is where the problems are.I bought mine almost three weeks ago . I was essentially just swapping out my old wireless router which I am running over Comcast . I went through the install procedure for activating the Callvantage service . Sure enough , the `` phone '' light came on although it never did ring . Waited a while longer , tried the phone and discovered there is no dial tone.At this point I call AT&T. ; After confirming my account info with about 3 people I get connected to a technician who walks me through a whole series of activities , resetting security codes , multiple reboots , reregistering the device , etc. . She says that from her end everything appears fine but still no dial tone , no functioning phone . At this point they decide it must be a bad Router.The second router arrives . Go through the set up once again . Guess what ? Same thing ... NOTHING . Spend another hour with an AT&T ; tech doing the same steps as last time . Same results ... NOTHING . This tech tells me they will now escalate the call and I will hear back within 24 hours from the next level of support . Sure enough , they do call later that evening . We go through the EXACT SAME set of steps as last time and again ... NOTHING . I am now told that it will be escaleted up to someone in the labs and that someone will contact me in 24 hours.A day goes by , a week goes by . No calls of any sort . I finally call up to say that I want to cancel the service . The CSR see the trouble ticket and asks me to hold while they put me through to the next level techs again . He comes back a while later and tells me that the problem has actually been escalated to the level above the labs and that someone will be calling me on Monday.Monday comes along . No call . OK , I do not know where they are located but we did have a big storm on Monday and Tuesday so I will give them a couple of extra days . Here we are on Friday and surprise ... No one has called.If it works for you on install and you are happy with the service then enjoy . If you are having troubles , I would suggest that you do not waste your time , just send the thing back . It is apparent that in some cases it just does not work and AT&T ; either does not know why or simply could care less . Pathetic customer service such as this should not be tolerated . Hello , Vonage .
 I ordered this thinking it was exactly what I wanted for my workspace . I just received it , put it together and when I put my CPU on it , the back wheel snapped off . It 's made completely from plastic , except for the bolts holding the wheels in their plastic sleeves . Fortunately , when my CPU hit the wall and then the floor - it was n't damaged . I 'm currently waiting for a customer service reply so I can return it . I would consider a replacement , but depending on what the customer service reply is - I may shop around for something different.It was a great price and it arrived quick !
 Ordered two of these . One broken , the other cracked and the one that was cracked seemed on the verge of falling apart . Deflecto = no-goodo I bought from BT enterprises , which stands for Blake 's treasures . I also ordered a plastic sign holder from amazon that was solid plastic all through -LRB- not glued together like this one ! -RRB- . It looks like it will hold up well . The broken one was missing the base , which had broken off . It was not in the box . How can you bring yourself to package a broken product ?
 First off , do n't be fooled by the line in the description that reads `` Calibrated metal base provides accuracy and added stability '' because the base is n't metal . In fact , you 'll have to look hard to find any metal parts on this cutter . The `` metal base '' is in fact a 2-inch wide piece of metal on the bottom -LRB- under the blade portion of the base -RRB- that does who knows what . I bought this mainly to score custom greeting cards so that I could fold them perfectly down the center , but the rulers on the base only go to 1/8 '' accuracy , which is strange because they have millimeter lines just underneath which are accurate to the millimeter , so what about the U.S. customers ? Anyway , when I score -LRB- or cut -RRB- cardstock , the paper likes to move around a bit , even with the special system that is meant to prevent that . Maybe it 's my glossy paper , but for the price I expected better . Also , because the plastic that the blase cuts into is replaceable , it moves . The problem is it moves side to side , and because a blade likes to always follow a precut path , the blade will move this strip to align with the cut , which also contributes to pulling the paper with it . And the paper stop is quite a terrible design . Flimsy plastic with locks that are so hard to lock and unlock they 'll probably be breaking soon . Additionally , the green plastic does grab the light and glow quite well , but it 's almost impossible to use it to align your cut if you want any form of accuracy . I tried to align it to a line printed on a page and when I cut I was off of the line , which is fine if you do n't care about the final size , but if you need something precise , it wo n't do much to help you . If you 're going to spend this much for a trimmer , pick something else .
 This stapler does not function . I was looking for a &#34; one touch &#34; that opens for versatility , but this one does not fit the bill .
 We attempted to purchase via a feature to select from an open package in the warehouse to save a few dollars . Of the two purchased , one does not operate correctly .
 1 . Arrived . 2 . Unpacked . 3 . Put staples in . 4 . Stapled papers 5 . Does n't work . 6 . Repeat steps 3-5 a number of times
 I bought one of these from Office Max . It worked great out of the box , really easy to staple . I 've had it for about a month now , and many things are wrong . The staples usually get stuck in the stapler , I need pliers to get them out . The plastic part that holds the staple retention slider has completely broken off , and an internal spring has broken off . I recommend spending a few extra dollars for a decent , time-tested stapler .
 Got two of these for Christmas . One works fine ; the other worked OK briefly , then only intermittently . It will staple once , then subsequent staplings are failures . When you empty it to start over , you lose plenty of single staples . Also , when you reload the staples by pushing the `` thing '' back in place , it causes the staples to bunch up . It 's just a headache when it should be a problem solver ! It is wasteful , frustrating and a waste of time and money . The one that works is good , quick and easy . I think they 're tricky to load , however , and the other reviewer is correct , that when the staples `` fly '' , it can get hazardous .
 This stapler die within 2 month of non-rigorous use , I was using regular staples so I 'm not sure why this got such good reviews . Waist of my money do n't buy .
 This stapler works well in most conditions but be aware that I got injured trying to fix it ! Always keeps your hand out of the place that the staples come out and always direct that part away from your face because I got a couple of staples in the palm of my hand and a friend told me that once the flying staples barely missed her face . Despite being a great product when works I am not planning to use it again .
 Thing broke after 3 weeks of use . Not ever sure if i can return it . Never buying this piece of crap again .
 Bought to replace my 25 year old Swingline stapler that was hit and miss . This PaperPro is cheaply made . Broke after using for 3 1/2 months . Some staplers stop working well after using for a while , but this one just plain stopped working .
 This stapler gave me about 2 months of good use and then it started to malfunction badly . I tried everything and finally threw it in the garbage after 2 months . Rediculous
 I bought this compass at a local hardware store in Calais Maine . It looks like a good compass in the package , all metal construction as another reviewer said . But in reality , the construction is flimsy and sloppy . The compass does not lock into position nor is the pinch spring strong enough to allow scribing against rough surfaces where extra pressure may be needed . It 's shape is not really conducive to accurate scribing either . Yes , it draws circles , but most carpenters/woodworkers are looking for more than that . Good buy for your kid in high school geometry , but I would n't go beyond that . I 'm moving up to compass made from 3/8 solid steel bar stock . Buy once , cry once .
 The metal pointer just falls out . I attempted to clamp it tighter with pliers , but it 's clamped as far as it will go . I will have to try super glue next . Unfortunately , there are n't that many options on Amazon for a simple compass .
 I received 3 separate delivers for 5 small items . After being told that I would receive all three items 2 days later I received only the 1st package within 2 days . The 2nd package I received a day later and the 3rd I have n't received as of yet . I was extremely disappointed to see that my 1st package which included a filing box was broken . After looking all over for that perfect box I find out that the latch is cracked . I would expect better from a company that charges more money than average consumers to get something worth the price . I feel that they portrayed false advertisement and lied about their products and shipping dates .
 MY COMPANY BOUGHT THIS CHAIR IN BURGUNDY FOR ME AS A PRIZE . WHEN WE RECEIVED THE CHAIR IT WAS N'T THE SAME AS PICTURED AND WAS BLACK INSTEAD OF BURGUNDY . THE SCREWS ARE PUSHING THRU THE CUSHION ON THE SEAT AND I 'M AFRAID THAT THEY 'LL EVENTUALLY PUSH THRU THE MATERIAL . OF COURSE THE SEAT IS N'T VERY COMFORTABLE EITHER . I 'D NEVER BUY FROM THE GREEN GROUP AGAIN .
 ALTHOUGH THE FEATURES ARE GREAT AND IT 'S A NICE COMPACT MACHINE AFTER ONLY FOUR MONTHS THE MESSAGES LEFT SOUNDED LIKE THEY WERE FROM ANOTHER PLANET AND YOU COULD NOT MAKE OUT ANY OF THE WORDS.AND TODAY I AM RESEARCHING INFO TO FIND ANOTHER MODEL ... WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY
 Do not waste any money on this machine . The first one we bought quit working after 1 month . We replaced it and after 4 or 5 months , it now leaves messages that can not be understood , they are all garbled . We will look for something other than AT&T .
 I bought this machine from walmart for about 12 dollars about 6 months ago . It has a nice compact design , however it does n't work properly . It did n't even record a message I thought I had left earlier . It 's gon na find it 's new home in my trash bag . The old fashioned tape ones still have an edge in voice quality . Look elsewhere for a good answerer , this one 's a P.O.S.
 I just bought this AT&T answering machine and already thinking of returning it . The voice recorded sound more like a robot then human and it does not tell if a person hangs up . It only records a message if the person says a few words or more . I really miss the old answering machines with real cassettes . My old one was a Radio Shack and was bought in 1981 ! It only stopped working 2 weeks ago .
 I wish we 'd thought to check Amazon first , but we were desperate and ran out and bought the ONLY machine available at our local Circuit City -LRB- it seems that all phones made these days come with their own , built-in answering machines -RRB- . Unfortunately , it was this one . What a disappointment!We had some trouble programming the functions , but we followed the prompts and did ok . Our first caller complained that our outgoing message was unevenly recorded , so we redid it a few times -LRB- it is very sensitive and picks up any rustle you make while recording -RRB- . But the incoming messages have been wildly erratic . Sometimes , the caller sounds so faint we can barely hear who 's calling , so we 've tried cranking up the volume to maximum , to no avail . And tonight , after less than a month of owning the thing , we had a call that was exactly as another reviewer described it
 This was supposed to be a 12-pack of meter sticks but only one stick arrived . When I contacted amazon.com I was informed that they would not be in stock so I cancelled my order and got a complete refund . On the bright side , I got a free meter stick . On the down side , I did n't have the dozen I needed .
 Workable envelopes , however some of the clasps were misaligned , requiring the flap to be refolded .
 I have an old Sensa pen I bought close to 15 years ago that I love . When I found out Sensa pens were n't being made any more and I saw these on Amazon for such a low price I ordered 2 . When I received them they both seemed to be leaking a gooey substance from the gel grip . I could n't wash this substance off of the pens and it made the pens unusable . There is no stickiness at all to my old Sensa . I returned them both for a refund from Amazon . At least Amazon returns are easy !
 I purchased this scale , for our small at home business . Right out of the box , the scale gave inaccurate readings . I love the size and the look of the scale , it 's perfect , but what good is it if it does n't weight properly .
 I purchased this scale for light industrial use . The scale was unable to be calibrated consistantly , and weight varied depending on the location on the weighing platform . We also observed using NIST calibrated weights that the inaccuracy percentage increased directly with the weight . Beware !
 This item was supposed to be received within 1 business day . I ordered this on Friday and did not receive it until Wednesday . I requested expedited shipping , but received this 3 days later.The packaging was insufficient when I received the scale . It was broken . I sent this back and requested another unit , but they were out of stock . They 're not very helpful on the customer service side .
 Terrible quality , did not work right out of the box , had to return the scale . Do not recommend this product .
 Opening the box the scale came in . It looked brand new , but parts were not level . The manufacture over tightened the screws to the point they damaged the scale .
 I purchased two of these phones along with the base unit a year and a half ago . First , it is difficult to hear and and volume control has only 4 settings and the highest setting not nearly loud enough to hear others . Second , even after keeping the phones in their cradles all the time they still run down very quickly . Last but not least , the LCD display does not display all the pixels and it is difficult to read the caller ID due to this fact . Several rows of pixels are missing on one unit and several columns of pixels are missing on the other . This is very dissapointing.Therefore I would not purchase this product again .
 I 'm not a really lover of Motorola products , but i wanted to try this phone because i did n't need a lotoffeatures one , but i 'm sorry it 's disapointing , battery is always down , voice quality is poor.I do n't return this because i 'm not in USA , sorry do n't recommend this for anyone .
 I ORDERED THIS CORDLESS HANDSET A FEW WEEKS AGO . IT CAME SOON AFTER PLACING THE ORDER AND THE PRODUCT IS VERY SATISFACTORY .
 I added this to our existing base unit -LRB- same type -RRB- . The range on the new extra handset is significantly less than the original unit . We are sending it back to Motorola -LRB- good support -RRB- for replacement .
 earpiece on MD71 handset gets uncomfortably hot when in use . the same is also true of base model MD761 .
 I still use them so they function properly , I just can not read the screen . Also I left them unplugged while i traveled and then when I came back 6 months later , the batteries were dead and would not take a charge . Maybe you can never not charge there types of batteries . I replaced all the batteries with ones from radio shack and the units/phones work fine again . The screen LCD displays are burned out though the phone works .
 Have owned this phone for only 3 weeks and now the handset will not charge . It appears that the cordless cradle is not getting power for some reason -LRB- and yes , I tried other outlets in the house -RRB- . What really irks me is that Motorola expects me to pay for shipping to send their defective phone back , AND they wo n't send me a replacement until they receive the defective one back . I thought these guys were a Six Sigma company ? It really bothers me that a company sells you a defective product and on top of it , I get the inconvenience of having to re-package it , drive to the post office , and pay for shipping . Not impressed .
 The product was a disaster . The advertising on the website indicated it would be compatible with the existing phone system . After many tries to synchronize it with that system , I finally reached Motorola , who confirmed that the handset was the wrong model and was NOT compatible with the MD700 series . See your incorrect description above.I will try to return it to the vendor , but assume I will be told it is too late .
 I can only echo all the negative reviews others have listed , -LRB- i.e. handset not charging , lack of signal range , counter inuitive ringing , difficulty transferring calls in house , interruption on phone line , etc. -RRB- and can only add that you not buy these for your work .
 The phone I bought was the wrong one . I left sevral msgs , goth by phone and email but nobody ever returns my call . I just wat to retuen it.Please help
 This is a pity . I really thought I finally found a decent phone , and that Motorola made much better then all the known garbage made by ATT , V teck , GE , Southwestern bell , etc.Until ... . After only two weeks the phone could not dial normally . It only recorder the second digit I entered , etc.So back to Target it went . Instead I brought a PANASONIC 2.4 GHz . I believe Panasonic is the only one out there with pretty decent phones in today 's market.To the credit of this phone I must say , all the other problems mentioned here , like clarity , reception , etc. . I DID NOT have with this phone . Though I am happy it turned out so fast what a piece of garbage it is , while still holding on to the receipt !
 3 reasons to not buy this phone .1 . I bought this package and carefully reviewed it to make sure I was getting a phone and not an expansion phone . I took it home and found that I had bought the expansion phone . So much for clear packaging .2 . I buy the base phone so now I got 2 phones . Unless they are within 20 feet of each other the reception does not work . Fortunately , you can expand the system to 8 phones . Everyone needs 8 phones in a 20 foot radius .3 . I know `` retro '' is in but I do n't think the designers of this phone meant it to be retro . This phone is big and clunky and cheap . The battery door will not close correctly . Who designed this piece of junk ? This is an embarrassment to USA engineering .
 I wish the description had beem better . Somethimg like THIS PHONE NEEDS ANOTHER UNIT TO WORK ! People who have never seen an expansion phone can be missled like I was . Returned item .
 This is a good phone but the battery life is really short . All the other features of the phone are up to the standard that I would expect from Motorola . Very disapointed in the battery life . With about an hour of use , the batery charge indicator in almost exhausted .
 I was looking for a handset that would not interfere with 2.4 Ghz wireless that has taken over my neighborhood and caused many reception problems . Saw the Motorola 5.8 Ghz and thought I 'd give it a try after trying out a Panasonic 5.8 Ghz which sounded like I was talking through a tin can . Unfortunately Motorola was just a bit better on sound quality , but not much . The last part of every word gets cut off . I could n't go far from the base without loosing signal and the volume was low to medium . Battery life was marginal at best . I am slightly hard of hearing , -LRB- but have perfect pitch -RRB- so having a little more juice in this department would be good . The features are okay but , layout and interface are primitive compared to other phones in this price range . I guess the 3rd time is the charm because I ended up finding the 5.8 GHz Uniden Tru 8860-2 finally with normal human voice quality and volume when needed . The layout and functionality for the features are intuitive and easy where the phone is not drawing attention to itself because of it 's quirkieness and low quality audio -LRB- Motorola and Panasonic . -RRB- Take it from me , if you are looking for a 5.8 Ghz phone , get the Uniden .
 These pens looked So cute & Really beat the prices in stores -- so I figured they were worth a shot . Nope ... you get what you pay for here-or at least I did . Every last one was old and/or dried out . When they wrote it was splotcy , inconsistent ink flow & then , after a short time-out of ink . You could shake them , sit them pointing downward , draw circles til you paper rips -- does n't matter , they 're done . TRASH
 The poly bags sold by 007 Design Inc -LRB- aka ProPackagingSupply -RRB- has adhesive that resembles melted hot glue and does not stick to the bag properly . I would suggest you avoid buying this item from this seller . These bags from other sellers do not have this issue .
 In order to get a good amount of cord on them you have to wind the cord extremely tightly . Also the stacking mechanism is horrible . Had 3 stacked and by next day it was tipped over because they had broke .
 My company bought me this stapler when my old one broke . It says that it will go through 20 pages ... . Yeah right . I have a hard time getting it to go through 2 pages sometimes . I 'm just trying to staple standard paper , nothing fancy . Do n't buy this stapler , it is awful .
 This phone was not horrible because it was easy to use and program . The buttons were not always helpful when on the phone with an automated system . I have pressed buttons before only to hear the recording say `` You must make a selection ... '' I give this product 2 stars because , after only 6-8 months of use , people are not able to hear me so they hang up the phone ; or they say that it sounds like I 'm `` underwater . '' I 'm now going to search for another cordless phone , and wo n't buy this one again . In case the cause of this sound issue is the digital range of this product , I 'm going to search for a cordless set with 6.0 GHz instead of 2.4 GHz . Panasonic usually does n't disappoint , but I ca n't say that for them in this instance .
 I bought 3 to compare - so I could buy for the full office . This was the WORSE by a long shot . And it cost the most ! !! The photo ca n't begin to show how thin it is . Have you ever replaced a board on a computer ? You know that chrome plates you take out - that 's what its like . Items compared
 These staple removers are wonderful and virtually impossible to find in stores . But the supplier was worthless . My order never arrived , and when I asked about it , I was told that it was over 30 days and they could n't do anything for me . Needless to say , after spending $ 30 on staple removers , I was ticked . Amazon came through and returned my money , and I 'll never deal with this company again .
 I purchased this phone back in August . At that time , most of the reviews were quite positive , but there were a few bad ones . I took a chance because I thought that Panasonic would produce a good product , and the price seemed right for the options that I wanted . Well , it worked fine at first . After three months though , the reception is horrible . The troubleshooting guide tells you to move closer to the base unit and away from other electronics . How ridiculous is that ? I mean , it 's a cordless phone - I should n't have to stay close to the base unit ! The sound fades in and out so terribly that you can not hear the caller . There is awful static and buzzing as well . It is very frustrating . I always end up having to get my other phone . My other phone , by the way , is an old Sony . It does n't have caller id , etc. , but it has worked wonderfully for about 14 years now . Unfortunately , they do n't make them anymore ! Back to the Panasonic - I do like the voicemail access feature . Other than that , I ca n't say I 'll miss anything else about it . There are so many phones to choose from , it 's hard to know which ones are quality products . I am taking a chance on a GE Interference Free phone . We 'll see ...
 This was a gift for a friend , who had trouble with the phone from the beginning ; the phone has now -LRB- after only a couple of months -RRB- quit working altogether . I 've always had good Panasonic products , but this one was a dud !
 I have had many Panasonic cordless phones over the years , and never had any problems with them , so it was an easy decision to choose Panasonic again . Unfortunately , this phone does n't live up to other model 's performance . It worked fine for a couple of weeks , but now there is a loud buzzing noise -LRB- only can be heard on my end , but loud enough to obscure the voice of the person I 'm talking to -RRB- , and the volume does n't increase enough to cover the buzzing . Similar problems have been indicated by other reviewers - wish I had listened to them before I bought this phone.I am going to return the phone , and am quite disappointed .
 I have returned this product and still have not gotten my refund.thanks , melissa
 Unfortunately , I 've only had the phone for a couple of months and it is already not working . I can not hear the person on the other end of the line . I will have to have it either repaired or replaced .
 I bought this phone today because I have an older model that I just love.What a surprise to discover that it does n't come with a belt clip -- you have to order it and pay for it ! -LRB- I verified this by calling Panasonic . -RRB- This is just insane . It 's a silly piece of plastic . Why would a phone that 's headset compatible not come with a belt clip ? That 's the whole point of `` hands free '' ! I 'm taking the phone back tomorrow . Sad.I 'm so disappointed in Panasonic . Maybe they make another model that comes with a belt clip , but I 'm not optimistic .
 Unless you suffer from extreme hearing loss , this is not the phone for you . Voice enhanced , it is very difficult to keep the booster off -LRB- it keeps reappearing no matter what you select -RRB- and as a result the voice on the other end blasts at you.The menu is exceedingly difficult to navigate with limited choices . Basically you better just want to use the phone directory or try adjusting the booster . Everything else is difficult to capture.Though it is a nice design , every call I made or received was full of static -LRB- the antennae were fully extended and the phone in that same spot previously never had any such problems for 8 years . -RRB- The static was so interfering that I was asked repeatedly to take the call on another phone.Bottom line , I chucked the phone and ordered another roduct .
 I bought this in August , and in October I could n't hear the calling party - they heard me just fine . Then it stopped working altoghther . Very disappointing for a Panasonic .
 My KX-TG5612 loses connection with the base unit all of the time . Plus , it does not have the newer security and encryption that came out with the DECT 6.0 units . Do not buy the TG5621 . Buy this or one like it : Panasonic KX-TG6512B DECT 6.0 PLUS Expandable Digital Cordless Phone System , Black , 2 Handsets
 This absolutely the worst cordless phone I have ever used , cuts out , ca n't hear over the speaker . Do n't buy it !!!!
 When i bought this cordless i assume because is a Panasonic product , ... was going to be excellent , but guess what ? is the worst cordless i ever have in my life , we ca n't listen to nobody because the voice reception is very low , sometimes we cut the call because we assume none is in the other side , but seconds after we hand-off , our friend or relatives call to our cellphone because they know already what the problem is.my advice for you is to look for a better cordless because this one is a garbage .
 After 4 months , the line noise and background static on this phone are incredibly frustrating . And Panasonic 's on-line support does not acknowledge the problem , or include in their troubleshooting guides . I 'm throwing this one out and replacing today .
 I have been happy for years purchasing and using Panasonic telephones but this one is totally unsatisfactory . The incoming volume is so low that it is very difficult to hear the caller unless the person has a booming voice . Panasonic claims to have a voice enhanced feature but it does not work . Interferance is also a problem with this 5.8 GHz phone .
 I ca n't hear anything because of the static and the low volume . I 've turned up the volume as loud as it will go , used the `` Booster '' feature as well as the `` Voice Enhancer '' feature and it has made no difference . I am using my cell phone until I can get a new phone to replace this one . I have had no problem with Panasonic phones in the past -LRB- except that the buttons eventually stop working -RRB- and have had Panasonics as my last 3 telephone .
 I 'm throwing this one away . I agree with other review that complain about sound quality . Is n't that the point afterall , particularly with a land line . Do n't waste your money . You too will throw it away
 I have had several Panasonic phones in the past , always have been happy . So , when I decided to upgrade and get a new phone with the 5.8 GHz -LRB- must be even better than 900 or 2.4 , right ?? -RRB- Boy , was I disappointed . At first , I was very happy . It looks nice , flashes several colors when it rings , can pick `` sing songy '' ring tones . On the second day of use , I was having a hard time hearing the other person . I blamed it on their phone , mine was , after all brand new . It could n't be my new phone . On the 3rd day , I was barely able to hear anyone on the other end at all . I 'd run to the old phones in the house to use to continue my conversation . By the end of the week , I would answer the phone , the person could hear me , I could n't hear them at all !! That was it . The phone went back . I 'm sticking to my old phones and shopping around a little more . I 'm going to check with consumer reports next time . Do n't buy this phone .
 I have always liked Panasonic products . Within a month of purchasing this one , however , I knew I 'd made a mistake . The sound quality is terrible , often fading in and out . Interference is a constant problem , which is really regretful for a digital phone . Battery life is short and it does n't always charge properly . To add insult to injury , within 2 weeks the display stopped working altogether . Just a blank screen . We are a normal family with normal phone use , and this phone could n't even hold up to that .
 I am not sure if somebody else faced the same experience . When I bought this phone , I was successful in registering the cordless with the base . The phone worked fine for first 2-3 days.Later , I started getting the ` System busy ' message . When I tried to re-register it used to give me Error!I had no choice but to return the product .
 I have had several Panasonic phones which were very good . Unfortunately , this phone is the worst cordless phone I have ever owned . DO NOT BUY ONE !!! I have turned up the volume on the handset to its highest setting . You can barely hear on it . Everyone just calls on the cellphone . Guess I will have to try another brand .
 Do NOT buy this phone . After only 2-3 months , I could barely hear the other party on the line and the buzzing/humming sound in the line was so annoying . Was definitely the Panasonic phone and not a phone line issue , because I have a second line in my home and that phone is fine!This phone is AWFUL ! Small , hard to handle , and it is hard to read the #s and other information in the display box area . There is NOTHING redeeming about this phone .
 Do n't buy these phones . You ca n't hear anything on the other line . We bought two and hate them . We 'll never by a Panasonic phone again .
 My husband and I got these phones for Xmas and have hated them since . We lost the receipt and threw away the boxes because we were always happy with Panasonic phones . Maybe there was a bad batch ... You ca n't hear anything . If you buy them make sure you keep your receipt and your boxes .
 Very dissappointed with this unit . We liked it features and the sound quality . However we have been using it for just over the year and the microphone just stopped working . I would have expected a higher quality product from Panasonic !
 AVOID AT ALL COST !!!! -LRB- Scroll down and look at all the bad reviews listed here first -RRB- I advise anyone who is thinking of buying this phone to reconsider there choices and buy a different model . I am a big fan of Panasonic and always buy this brand of phones . However after reciving this model of phone it has n't work right since after the first week of use . Either I get no dial tone or if your lucky enough to get a dial tone it does n't dial out or hang up right . I ca n't even leave the phone hooked into the jack because it causes a busy signal on my phone line from not hanging up properly . It 's not my phone jack or set up I 've tried all kinds of different phone jacks and wasy of fixing this . It has to be the phone !!!!
 When I first got this phone , I thought it was great . However , over three months of use , the sound quality gradually deteriorated so that now , it is becoming difficult to hear the person on the other end over a loud background hum . I have removed numerous potential sources of interference , such as electronic equipment , to no avail , and other phones on the same line do not experience the problem , so I can only conclude that the fault lies with this phone .
 Ordered this model to fix the common interference problem with my wireless Internet and to give it credit , this phone does accomplish this . However , when next to the router the phone still cuts out . Biggest issue however was that the volume was very low and I could barely hear the other party on the line . Panasonic was great offering many trouble shooting advice but none worked . Amazon took the item back for credit . Now I 'm happily using the uniden TRU8860 which has n't cut out -LRB- even when I 'm on the phone next to the router -RRB- and the volume is really clear ... plus it 's cheaper ! -LRB- 34.99 + shipping -RRB- .
 My wife and I look for another phone when they are ringing . The volume can be good at times but `` bad '' most of the time . Voice enhancement does not help or hender . Have another Panasonic -LRB- TG 2420 -RRB- that I am completely happy with .
 I have checked the manual to see if there was something I could do to improve the range of the handset . Their suggestion was to move the base unit elsewhere . Its a answering machine and phone charger I do n't want it elsewhere . I have had other cordless phones in the same location with no problems . I threw away the extra handset because it was of no use . The range I get is , in the same room or maybe up to 30 feet away . Vtech has lost me as a customer forever .
 This system is of poor quality . At first , I thought it felt cheap then when the battery charged and I strated using the system , it was the worse sound quality I have ever had on a cordless phone . I returned the product after 2 days of use .
 Although the seller was quick in responding and accepted responsibilty for return shipment , and a full refund - I feel that they did NOT advertise this product honestly . It stated it was a NEW PHONE SYSTEM - instead it was a REFURBISHED unit which by the way did NOT WORK . The word REFURBISHED was never mentioned in their discription , if it had been I would NEVER have purchased it .
 This product was originally given good marks by Consumer Reports ... . so thats why I bought it , but it 's a piece of garbage . Like other reviews , no range at all . Also , lots of static and hissing and pops on the line with this phone . The previous phone I had was a 900mhtz phone and I could go to my neighbors house and talk clearly . Not with this piece of dung . I 'd be lucky to be able to go into the next room . VTech blows .
 Product description should include the fact that the planner only covers July 26 , 2004 thru July 31 , 2005 and not two full years as expected .
 We first purchased these staplers for a busy academic library for our patrons ' use . The first year they were terrific . This past year , every single stapler broke by the third day of use . The loading device has a small plastic nub that is critical for the proper functioning of the stapler . That nub broke in every single stapler . We duck-taped the loader and got more mileage from each stapler that way but the whole situation was very difficult . It is an example of a great product that went wrong through a cheapened manufacturing process . This might be ok for your desk , but for public or heavy duty use , avoid it .
 Before breaking , this stapler worked fairly well and I never had it jam . However , when you use the stapler , you 'll notice than when you push down on the handle to staple some pages , the stapler will frequently rock forward towards you . A bit strange , but it still functions . However , after about 5 months of use , my stapler snapped in two right above the metal staple-folding insert on the base of the stapler . Now , of course , the stapler is completely worthless.Very disappointing . I 'd avoid this stapler ; it just does n't hold up well under moderate use .
 This is NOT the heavy duty stapler that it is advertised to be . It jammed the first time my wife used it -LRB- granted , she goes through staplers like # 2 pencils , but that 's why I spent the bucks to get one that was n't , supposedly , flimsy -RRB- . The irony here
 This thing is made of plastic , yes , plastic . When it broke , I looked at the pieces and wondered what kind of lazy human must have made the decision for material and design of this product -- he/she should get some college level education in engineering . Do n't buy . HOWEVER , the seller was so great that they had included a return ticket -LRB- and I 'm glad I had n't thrown the box away -RRB- .
 The Stanley Bostitch PHDS stapler looks like a heavy duty unit built to do a good job ... it 's not . My wife brought it home for me to fix for a fellow teacher . My first clue that is was junk ? The stapler has `` post manufacture '' label showing how to clear jams . The method works but the stapler just jams again & again.Based on the number of 5 star & 1 star reviews and the dates of the reviews , a number of year ago this may have been a great stapler.Maybe the design or means of manufacture was changed because more recent reviews are all 1 star.The problem with the stapler appears to be ... feeds more than one stapler at a time which causes jams.Don ' t waste your time or your money on this unit . : -LRB-
 I was looking for a flat clinch stapler ... The description of this stapler said `` Flat clinch stapling reduces corner stack up '' . I assumed this to mean that this stapler could flat clinch ... It did n't . Then after about the 5th use - it started continually jamming . With no obvious way to easily open the stapler and clean out whatever fragment of a staple must have been stuck in there - I opted to return it.Also - these were brand name staples I was using . I 'm now using the same staples in a regularMax Flat-Clinch Black Standard Stapler with 30 Sheet Capacity -LRB- HD-50DFBK -RRB- stapler with much better results
 Stanley Bostich Personal Heavy Duty Desktop Staples with AntiJam Mechanism , 60 Sheet Capacity -LRB- PHD-60 -RRB- I would suggest that you remove this item from your list . The stapler does not really have anything close to a 60 page capacity . And when it does work for smaller items , the piece of the machine that is supposed to hold the staples pops out .
 I purchased this about 4 months ago and missed the deadline to return it -LRB- 2 month return window -RRB- . This stapler mangles about 90 % of the staples I have tried to place in documents.It does n't matter how many pages 2-30 - this stapler does n't work . How annoying ! And expensive .
 I do n't rate products that I have not used.I think Stanley makes a quality product and am sure that it will work fine when I get the opportunity to use it . I have n't been able to do so because my search to locate any store that sells the special size P3 staple has been futile - the cheapest online is $ 3.90 plus $ 5.00 in postage - almost 50 % of the cost of the stapler . If I had known this I would have went with Arrow
 this was n't money well spent . This whistle is too large and cumbersome . It 's back in the box on a shelf somewhere .
 Originally , I purchased these totally by mistake . I like the creamy flow of Prismacolor regular colored pencils for the work I do . And , that 's just it . What effect do you want to create in your art ? I only used these for detail , fine line work and embellishing . They are so hard that yes , they are virtually pediment -LRB- not eraseable -RRB- . I find they also gouge deep into the paper so you have to use paper or canvas that holds up under pressure . I use them so rarely that my small set will last for years , that 's because of the hardness too . Of all my art supplies , they are a very limited and specific use tool . For your style , they might be an inspiration.Other great `` soft '' colored pencils are regular Prismacolor -LRB- you can get open stock - one at a time , at Michaels and try them out -RRB- , Derwent and Dick Blick has their own brand , very inexpensive with colors that the other Artist brands do n't have .
 for overpriced products , I expect top value . These used to be worth the cost , not so much now . Still , better that crayola .
 they are too expensive and the pencils are crappy . the orange keeps breaking and i havent even used it yet . same goes for a few other colors . save your money and buy something else that will get the job done .
 This is the worst amazon item ever . The colored pencils which were bought expensively do not work . Every time you sharpen them they break . I 've been sharpening them with 7 different sharpeners . I do not recommend anybody to buy this . I actually do not recommend any human being to buy this . This is the worst coloring set in history . I wasted my time and money buying this when it does n't even get sharpened . It is very easily breakable .
 Unerasable , almost impossible to blend or shade with because of its permanency . Worst of all is the sharpening ! I wore down half the entire black pencil just trying to sharpen it for the first time . The lead breaks and pops out every stinkin ' time ! You 'd expect better from such a high end name . Pity .
 The set of 24 pencils I received did not live up to its hype and upon sharpening them many either suffered from split wood or just poor wood quality overall . Definitely not worth paying over $ 13 for . I am disappointed in the quality of this product and its poor materials .
 It may be my fault because I remember this product being what we used all the way back when I was in high school art . At the time our teacher did emphasize that these were not to be sharpened in a standard sharpener because it would destroy the tip . We were instructed then to use a razor or exacto knife to make a point , and then a piece of sand paper-like stuff to make it finer.However I bought the Prismacolor pencil sharpener along with this . And when the pencils arrived after the sharpener I noticed that inside the box was a leaflet with a picture of the sharpener in it , the implication being that it would work with the pencils . Since then I have destroyed at least one pencil because the sharpener simply breaks the lead every single time no matter how gentle you try to be .
 I too purchased this product in hopes of using the handle . First time I pulled on the handle it popped off . My lid corners have also popped loose so the corner flaps now hang out in the open . I am very disappointed with this product . I too was surprised by the lid being attached in the back but again not a major issue just would have liked to know beforehand . Do not buy this box if you want to be able to touch it without is falling apart ...
 I was highly pleased with this calculator portfolio until I attempted to replace the paper pad that accompanied the original purchase . A common off-the-shelf note pad of presumably the same size fits only with great difficulty.The cardboard back of the replacement pad style that I customarily use with my older portfolio is noticeably thicker -LRB- and more substantial -RRB- than this portfolio 's supplied pad . Only with considerable difficulty could I make the necessary pad substitution/replacement . Simply said , common replacement paper pads are too large to fit in this portfolio.After several minutes struggle I managed to insert a repacement pad . Only then did I notice that in spite of my care , portfolio material had split in accomodating the new pad.Unsat!I note also that overall thickness of a new replacement pad forces misalignment of the open corners of this portfolio . This shortcoming may correct itslf with passage of time , provided that meanwhile the material split does not widen and require that I procure a new portfolio.Also unsat!This is unfortunate , considering that an additional 1/16th inch toleralence in design would make this a fine purchase .
 This product is described as being 18 '' in length , when in fact it is only 15 '' . It was wide enough , but not long enough for my lateral filing cabinet .
 I have not been able to get this to work with Windows 7 -LRB- it worked fine for me with Vista -RRB- . I have had no problems with the older 4150 model -LRB- no joystick -RRB- working with Windows 7 . Any ideas out there ?
 This product works fine most of the time . Unfortunately , the people in my office were not aware that a cleaning sheet must be run through after each laminator sheet is run through . If this is n't done the rollers can get sticky , grab the next sheet and wrap it around the roller . When this happened in my office , I called Fellowes customer service line . I was told that there is no way to service this model . Unless it 's under warrenty one ca n't even mail it to the company for repairs . They also have no authorized repair centers . I was told that it was , `` Time to get a new one . ''
 I purchased this product to use specifically for a school project due in a few days time . I opened the box this morning and read the instructions carefully . I followed them exactly . The first lamination pouch went into the machine and exited from the back of the machine in perfect condition . I was thrilled with the way the project was working out . The second lamination pouch went into the machine and disappeared into its bowels , taking my homework paper with it , never to be seen again . I tried the help line phone number . The help line is available during business hours Monday through Friday . Today is Saturday . I am happy for the reviewer who has given this product 5 stars , but I recommend you stay away ! I reprinted my project , took it to my neighborhood UPS store along with the defective laminating machine . I was able to ship the box , and at the same time have my project perfectly laminated for a mere $ 12 .
 I placed an order on the 1/7/2010 I received it at the 2/5/2010 after so many calls telling them that I do n't want it to be customized I want the die to be blank and finally when they send it , they send it without the die itself ... where is my 2 '' Diameter die ??? who I can customized it ?? incompleted item , I ca n't use it like this .
 Unfortunately , the self-stick strip is narrow and leaves a large unattached flap all around the edge . I need to use transparent tape to secure before mailing , costing me time -LRB- and tape -RRB- I thought self-stick envelopes would save . I regret having to write a negative review but this product did not live up to expectations .
 The envelopes are fine except for the glue strip . It does n't come to the edge of the flap so if you use your forefinger to press the flap to seal it , you WILL get paper cuts . Now I use my fist to pound the flap down after getting two bad paper cuts .
 I was very disappointed with these envelopes . The glue on the strip does not stick at all . I have had to tape the envelopes closed . Plus they were overpriced which I probably would n't have minded if they stayed closed . Not a recommended purchase .
 The adhesive gets weak as it quickly ages . I 've had some of these for a couple of years and their glue has weakened to the point that the envelope can be easily peeled open without tearing it.As another reviewer noted , the adhesive does n't reach the edges of the flap . This is also a problem.The quality of these things does not justify their price .
 When the pens arrived I immediately started writing with the black - filled my nice new wipe board - then went to erase , only to find the pen was permanent . So then I tried the red on my other board - but it was dry . Fortunately , the blue seems to work .
 i got these markers for $ 0.89 at Menards and when i opened them , the black marker tip was broken and insufficient . two markers for $ 0.89 -LRB- despite the black marker -RRB- was n't a bad deal , but for amazons price for $ 4 is pretty bad ! do n't waste your money on amazon for these markers . find better quality markers , or get these somewhere else .
 I only can use it for several days , then all the ink are gone . It seems not dry erasable . I bought it as $ 25 free shipping filler . Now I know I just throw my few dollars into drain .
 I 've had this eraser for about a year , after my old and durable Koh-I_Nor burned out . I really wanted to believe this would be a great product , but it stinks . First of all , the chuck ring never stays in place , making heavy duty erasing impossible . I am constantly pulling the eraser out , only to see it pushed in again while erasing . I try to tape the chuck in place , but that does n't last either . Second , the motor is not as fast and powerful as my old Koh-I-Nor which lasted me forever through thousands of drawings . The charge is n't as strong as when plugged in , but I need to use it `` wire-free '' for it to be worthwhile . I think I paid around 85 bucks for this piece of junk . Buy a different one .
 I gave this item to my wife for her birthday . We charged for the 8 hours before use as instructed however the eraser does not charge properly . I will be calling for an exchange or refund .
 I am very disappointed with the Staedtler cordless eraser . I had an Alvin that was 7 years old and also cordless and worked much better . The Staedtler is make a strong eraser if you do much erarsing or drafting and design for a living . I would not recommend it.Pat
 For this manufacturer , I expected higher quality . This eraser lasted less than one year .
 After about a year the thing wo n't hold a charge , and the batteries are not replaceable . I would get the corded model instead . When it works , it erases just fine . Fortunately , you can plug it in and bypass the batteries , but when you do that the thing spins like mad ; too fast for normal use .
 I do n't usually bother to write these things because I 'm do n't expect much from products made today . They usually work for a while and then break and I go on . But I have had nothing but issues with this package since I purchased it for the office . The problem is that for no known reason , while typing in WORD and using the foot pedal , the audio file that I am transcribing suddenly jumps back to start . It happens randomly and without apparent cause . I spent hours on the phone with customer service -LRB- who were very , very friendly , if not always knowledgeable -RRB- only to have a product that makes me so angry I usually just give up . I 've even upgraded to the most recent software package and changed the setting as per instructed to help resolve the issue , but it continues . I 've tried it on different computers and with different staff members . We do not have this issue with our Olympus digital transcribing kit .
 When I bought the product I had high hopes for what it would do . I am master 's student trying to transcribe my interviews for my thesis . I wanted a product to take my recorder interviews and turn them into written word . This software does not do that . All the software does is allow for you speed up , stop and rewind a recording with your foot . This foot pedal somewhat eases the process but if you did not use a Sony IC recorder the software will not read anything that is not a . wav file . My recorder of course saves the audio files as . wma . So I then had to download conversion software !! The headphones provided with the software and foot pedal are of poor quality especially for the price the product costs . I ended up having to combine the transcription software with Dragon Naturally Speaking to transcribe my interview . It has been a big hassle . I would not recommend this item for if you are expecting a faster and more efficient process .
 This product is great in theory , but so far I have n't been able to use it . It does not appear to be compatible with my Sony ICD-UX71 digital voice recorder . It might have been nice if someone had told me that before I bought the thing . Inside the box , in tiny letters , it says the transcription system is only compatible with ICD-ST , SX , MS , BM , BP and P series Sony recorders . So now I guess I have to spring for a new recorder as well . The system looks simple enough if you have a compatible recorder . The foot pedal plugs right into your computer . I 'm looking forward to seeing how well it works with Dragon Naturally Speaking voice recognition software .
 The software was burned onto a blank disc and it seemed to install just fine , but when ever I try to load the program , it freezes up and says &#34; Not Responding &#34; . Feels like a waste of money .
 The headset is very uncomfortable and the footpedal will not work with the program I need it for . I 've been transcribing for 31 years and I am not happy about this product at all .
 I knew Staedtler was a good brand so I decided to make this purchase but when I got it everything seemed very cheap . The plastic parts were covered in scratches and there was excess plastic covering the ruler making it hard to read accurate measurements . It looked like the set was used and repackaged as new . Every piece in the set is very low quality , I would advise you to pick up a better set .
 I thought I was buying the pictured 12 pack of Mr. Sketch markers -LRB- featuring 12 different maker colors -RRB- . However , when my package arrived , I discovered that I had really ordered a 12 pack box of only RED Mr. Sketch makers . They come in a typical office supply white box . This product is nothing at all like what is pictured.I suppose the fault lies with me for not reading the description . I ordered this item only based on the picture . I hope others do not make the same mistake!If you want only red Mr. Sketch makers , this is the product for you .
 Great service , poor quality telephone . Can almost hear phone in speaker phone mode . It went directly to the trash .
 Be prepared for a huge box to arrive . The calendar is all it says , but for some reason , it does not thrill me . The colors seem subdued and the size is a bit smaller than I expected . It 's just ok . I had a free calendar given to me every year and it was bright and larger and vibrant . Due to the economy , they do n't give them out anymore . So I bought this one . Great shipping time and no problems with that .
 I 've had the Panasonic KX-TG2000B for years with eight handsets through out the house and was looking to upgrade . Received this Kx-TH112S base unit , installed it with minimal set-up , that was good . The signal quality however was horrible . So we get the handsets from Amazon 's vendor , eek Technology , I install one of the eight units and try it for a few days . Base unit is in the kitchen , my gym is in the garage , neither handset has a decent signal , all crackly , people I am talking to complain about not hearing me . Then I go to do the return only to read the fine print from eek that says they do n't take back opened units ! Based on this alone I would not suggest buying anything from eek ! Glad I only opened one . We 'll see if they take them all back . I 'll be even more irritated if I have to pay for a phone I am not happy with plus the $ 63 dollar freight bill to me and then the freight back !
 Works great except the outgoing call volume is terrible . When I am in my car , I can never hear what my wife says . We replaced the unit it was so bad .
 Ordered the 7.5 x 10.5 for work and they are really 6.5 x 9.5 . . that extra inch on both ends makes for a HUGE difference in what we use them for . Also very poor quality , must use packing tape to close up both ends . .
 Have plenty of tape available when using these envelopes . Sealing glue is terrible and will not hold your enclosed material securely . Also tape over bottom flap since that has a tendency to pull apart also .
 It serves me right for buying the cheapest one . The out-going message is nearly inaudible , no matter how close I get my face to the microphone or how loudly I speak . Poorly translated operating instructions made figuring out how to set the time , record the out-going message , and play back received messages take more than an hour . Even then , we have a new message that will not play - only the third message we 've received on this phone . Receiver crackles as if this phone were thirty years old with a loose cord rather than brand-new . Never , NEVER buy a Coby product . Ever .
 Very bad microphone . All my listeners complained they could barely hear me even I set the microphone volume to high . Same problem when in speakerphone mode.After purchasing two Coby products and both having bad expereinces , I will now stop buying anything from Coby .
 This item was a piece of junk . Could not get the toll saver to work . We like to have our answering machine pick up after 2 rings . Instructions were very unclear . We sent it back after 2 days . Save your time and money and do n't buy this . The only reason I gave it one star is because there 's not a 0 on the list .
 It 's made of lightweight plastic and is spare in its features . At least I think so because the very worst thing about this Coby product is the user guide , er , uh , user pamphlet , er uh , folded thingy written in broken Chinese that makes it agonizingly difficult to set up and immediately clear that you have made a mistake . I suspect you will see a lot of these things in job lot or 99cents stores . The most pleasure I got from it was throwing it in the garbage after buying a way superior UNIDEN .
 Just got this item today.All kinds of problems : - Speaker phone does not work.-Time on LCD screen not the same as voice time.-Recorded outgoing message sounds staticy and poor to incoming callers.-Does not actually ring when there 's an incoming call , even when the ring volume is set to high.This is a piece of junk . I 'm not sure if Coby has ever mad a good product but this one is certainly not it . Avoid Coby and their cheap products .
 I hate this phone . I have it at my desk at work and it switches to speakerphone without notice and when this happens the speakerphone light does n't even go on . I actually thought that this was an isolated problem and switched it out with the same phone at an empty desk . Low and behold ... it happened again . Also , the sound quality is horrible and my callers can never hear me without me having to speak loudly , No matter the volume level . It 's weird because this phone USED to work for me , but I guess if you have it for more then 2 months ... you 're outta luck.Bottom line ... cheap phone ... you get what you pay for !
 I found that the `` lead '' inside these pencils to be broken . I sharpened only to have the `` lead '' fall out , again and again ... it is so frustrating to buy something so expensive and have it be crap ! I am not alone on this , I only wish I would have read reviews both good and bad before making such a purchase . I would recommend Faber-Castell , they are sturdy and the colors are beautiful , I also find Sanford to make a lovely color pencil . Hope this helps in your decision .
 I 'm an art student and I have used most Prismacolor products on the market . Prismacolor is the worst I 've ever used . They break the moment you sharpen them -LRB- turns out the actual color strip inside ALL the pencils was in pieces and broken and this was true with nearly every expensive Prismacolor set I bought -RRB- WAAAAAY over priced and basically crappy pencils .
 Ordered the 7.5 x 10.5 for work and they are really 6.5 x 9.5 . . that extra inch on both ends makes for a HUGE difference in what we use them for . Also very poor quality , must use packing tape to close up both ends . .
 Have plenty of tape available when using these envelopes . Sealing glue is terrible and will not hold your enclosed material securely . Also tape over bottom flap since that has a tendency to pull apart also .
 Sadly , this is the last AT&T phone I 'll ever buy . I 've just had too many bad experiences.I bought one because it was inexpensive , small , and could accomodate a headset.Unfortunately , that 's where the good part ends . I constantly get static and interference . What 's worse , it has started not working at all . About 25 % of the time I answer a call , I can hear the caller , but they ca n't hear me . Another 25 % of the time , the line is just plain dead.I own two Panasonics and the quality is perfect ... all of the time . And they appear to have worn well over time .
 I bought this phone because I like my AT&T digital answering machine and I wanted something compact and nicely designed . And the price was right.Now I know why this phone is so cheap ; the reception is terrible . Everyone I talk to sounds like they 're calling from a tin can . Granted , I live in an NYC apartment but my old Sony cordless was able to deal with that just fine .
 This phone was purchased after a history with wonderful AT&T phones , but this purchase was a disappointment . The phone is absolutely horrible . Either there is such static on the line you can not hear the other person , the buttons do not work to dial or to turn it on or off . It turned out to be a complete waste of money , being that I had to purchase a new phone to replace this inadequate one . I would think twice about ever buying another AT&T cordless phone .
 I purchased 2 sets of this phone . One handset of each set died within 3 months . I tried new batteries but that did n't help . These phones are not worth buying at any price .
 Well I was using a Virgin phone from Target and it started to deteriate in quality . I lived with it for awhile and then one day I was at Bestbuy and this phone was on sale for 29.99 and I thought ot myself `` Why Not '' I mean it was a dual headset system and it was suggnifcantly cheaper then all the other phones there with Caller ID , Dual Headset , etc. . So I bought it . Well if worked for a few weeks and then I started to notice what the phone really was like . Let me just say I am an avid talker . Although I am a big talker on the phone my previous 2 year old Virgin phone from target worked for along time and its not like I needed a really expensive phone So I didnt invest in one . I thought this would be good enough . Well this phone after a color of weeks started changing color to a yellowish tint . Which thats why I really dont like white phones and i normally dont buy them . The little rubber piece on one of the phones that covers the jack to plug in a headset broke off one day simply by me trying to plug a headset in and it didnt go back . But the most dissapointing was that after charging it for an average of about 12 hours it would only get short of a half of an hour talk time . I simply couldnt live with this . It was horriable.So after 1 month of use I threw these into the garbage . I coulda sold them for a couple extra dollars but I didnt want anyone else to have to go threw the pain.In its place I bought a Panasonic 5.8 ghz phone . Well that didnt work outta the box so I had to return it . Really dissapointing for a 140.00 phone -LRB- Yes I did invest in a bigger and better phone literally -RRB- So then I bought a Uniden Powermax phone after reading good review after good review on them . I payed suggnicantly less -LRB- 79.99 -RRB- but in this case the more expensive isnt the best .
 Worked for a short time before displays failed on both handsets . Base charger stopped working . If you can get these to keep working for more than a month consider yourself very lucky . JUNK , JUNK , JUNK .
 I bought Vtech 2.4 GHZ Model # 2435 during Thanksgiving sales , It stopped working after two weeks , both hand set are new batteries , then I put then away , now my sony phone needs a new battery , I have been thinking to give another try about this phone , then I bought another two pack of batteries , it wo n't work either.O.K , I am so mad and try to call the customer service , number is 18005959511 , Guess what ? I am always in que 3 , finally I hear some people talking to me , just a short ` Hi '' , then I am back to Que 3 again , that is it !!! Vtech phone # 2435 is just a JUNK !!! Services are JUNK too .
 I bought this same 2 phone system 2 years ago . Found after a few months that it failed to charge the hand set on the main phone . So I have to swap phones every so often to the remote phone 's charger to keep them usable . At least they still work , for a cheap set , but V tech needs to fix the charging problem that is obviously a design or materials flaw .
 MTBF
 I wish Amazon offered a `` 0 stars '' rating ... I 've bought many VTech phones in the past and had great luck with them , so when I was looking for a dual handset , I specifically looked for a VTech . I bought this phone in September of 2005 . When it started malfunctioning a few months later , I contacted VTech and they replaced it with a refurbished phone . When that phone started malfunctioning after a few months , I contacted VTech and they replaced it with a new phone . That phone started malfunctioning a few days ago . To sum up , I 've had three sets malfunction in less than 15 months.All three phones malfunctioned in the same manner . When the handset was in the main charging dock , the light would indicate that it was being charged , but it was n't . When I remove the handset from the dock , the charging light stayed lit even though it was n't charging anything . I think I paid $ 40 for this phone originally , and I do n't recall how much I spent in shipping charges mailing the stupid things from Michigan to Texas twice.This VTech model is TRASH !
 The extended handset has so much static I ca n't use it . The main unit is n't much better .
 It is a functional item of no particular standout quality . The rubber/plastic covers on the ends keep coming off , which is a nuisance .
 The picture for this product is wrong . Do n't order if you want what is pictured .
 We ordered this item based on the picture and it was not what was sent to us . This is a waste of time and money . Then , they charged us to return the item .
 This could potentially work for small envelopes , but for 8.5 x 11 sheets it is way too small . Manila folders flop over . Seems well constructed and pretty sturdy , though .
 I thought it was ~ $ 10 for 5 of them but it was only 1 !!!! This is WAY too expensive for a dollar stor item !
 Ive always been into change ... i like to pay with cash and i keep my change because it builds up . i would look for wallets that have a coin slot ... which results in a one inch in lump in my back pocket . this coin pouch is the perfect solution . its slim , can slide nicely in and out of my pockets.I ordered excited for 5 ... i promised my girlfriends aunts each one . . they like them too . i only received one in my package ... and it was packaged as a single unit . I call amazon , they were helpful , but since they were a `` third party '' they couldnt do much . they refunded me two -LRB- 2 -RRB- dollars for the `` missing items '' ... whatever . product itself worthy of 5 stars .
 Quality of coin purse was ok . However , when I originally ordered mine , the website said there were five -LRB- 5 -RRB- to the pack.When I received my shipment , there was only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- . I looked in the bottom of the box , and the original plastic packaging the five -LRB- 5 -RRB- coin purses came in was there , opened and empty.I contacted Amazon and they had me contact the vendor . The vendor did everything to say it was n't their fault and even said they do n't know how the plastic packing for the five -LRB- 5 -RRB- purses ended up in my shipping box.Needless to say , I 'm not about to purchase any more `` lucky '' coin purses again from this dealer . I 'm `` Lucky '' I was n't stiffed any further .
 not very convinent!very small , can not hold much coin , not fit for me ! i dont like it ! maybe i need buy a better one though more expencive than it !
 Not what I expected at all . Way overpriced . Seemed like wide rule to me.Yes the paper is thick . Not legal sized like I thought.Get something better at the local CVS for $ 3
 The quality of Hon Vertical files are just not there anymore , they have cheap fronts that you can practically dent with your finger . the lateral files have a double wall with steel re-inforcements on them ... File cabinets have gotten ridiculous in price and crap in quality .
 I was not able to use it as the adhesive had melted onto the plastic backing so I assume I was sent very old product .
 This is one of the better mouse surfaces I 've used , which makes it hard for me to give it such a bad review . On the plus side , it has a nice weight to it , and wo n't slide around on you . Also , the mousing surface is excellent . On the negative , the finish on the metal parts is awful . After a month of use , the coating on the metal started to rub off where my wrist rests . This was exasperated by customer service that failed to reply to my email .
 The mousepad looks nice and sleek . Alas , it does n't work with my USB wired optical mouse . The surface of this mousepad is too dark for the mouse to work properly . I contacted Allsop asking for guidance and they did n't respond.Needless to say , I returned this mouse pad .
 As a very avid gamer , I picked this up at my local Micro Center because it was seemingly the best they had . If you , like I , use a laser mouse , do NOT buy this pad . It skips horrifically , and has almost no resistance whatsoever -LRB- I realize the latter issue is more of a personal preference than a design flaw , but it is , to me , an issue -RRB- . I tested the surface with 3 different laser mice , all reacting the same . I have n't attempted using this with an optical or ball -LRB- do they even exist anymore ? -RRB- mouse , but like I said , it is absolutely awful for a laser mouse .
 I previously owned another Allsop mousepad that worked pretty well for about a year until it started curling up at the sides . This time I told myself I would buy a sturdy one that could n't possibly curl or warp . This pad seemed like the best choice . It is indeed heavy and sturdy and I thought it would be exactly what I was looking for ... untill I started actually using it . The second that I started using the pad I noticed that something was wrong . To make a long story short , if you plan to move your mouse very slowly at all times you will never have a problem . But if you try to move it quickly , THERE 'S BARELY ANY RESPONSE AT ALL!I could n't believe it . I mean when I would move the mouse from side to side really fast , the pointer would n't move at all . At first I thought the mouse was broken , but then I did the same quick movements on my bed and it worked perfectly as it should , then I actually grabbed the old curly Allsop mouse pad and did the same quick movements and they registered fine on there as well . I 'm guessing perhaps the design on this pad keeps it from recognizing quick movements ? Well I 'm throwing this in the closet and never using it again . I ca n't believe nobody else has had this problem .
 I 've been using this pad for about 10 months now and I must say I 'm very dissappointed .1 -RRB- The pad gets sticky VERY easily . I have to clean the pad every 2-3 days because it gets sticky and creates friction . -LRB- Not a good thing for gamers -RRB- 2 -RRB- The paint on the metalic part -LRB- where my palm touches -RRB- started coming off after 2-3 months of usage .3 -RRB- The place where paint came off is now collecting rust . Whenever I use the pad for decent amount of time , I 'd get rust on my hands.I 'm tossing it out as soon as my new pad arrives .
 I bought one of these several years ago at a local retailer . It was the last one they had left . In hindsight I think I know why . For one thing I had hoped it would be the last mouse pad I would ever need to buy . However I too have noticed the tarnish on the metal about where my wrist would set . But strangely , fine scratches all over the edges of the metal . I ca n't think of a reason for this.I think the attribute for this product should be `` Quality of Product '' - Not `` Ease of Use '' . And due to the poor quality of this item I can not give it any stars.I think my next mouse pad will be a homemade one from a piece of plexi-glass -LRB- pollycarb -RRB- and contact paper . I am tired of spending money on mouse pads that do not last .
 This product looks really nice in the photo - classy . Which is how I justified the $ 16 plus shipping for a simple mousepad ... Here are the simple reasons I was displeased : - It is not the polished , high quality product it looks like in the photo . Rather than a solid , smoothed metal rim , it is a thin metal plate with a rough , unfinished-feeling edge on the sides.-The mousing surface itself is very low-friction , meaning very high mouse sensitivity . Some might prefer this , but for me it feels slidey and inaccurate.-The mousing surface also has light-colored vertical lines across its dark surface . I can not fathom why they would do this . At worst , it causes cheap mice to bounce and jitter wildly as you move across the screen . Unuseable . At best , it causes expensive mice to have small , periodic jumps when trying to follow a straight line.I have resorted to placing an additional mousepad over the top of this one . I was looking for a rigid pad that I could use in a squishy arm chair , on the couch , or in bed . This mousepad is the equivalent of a chunk of thin plywood . If you 're looking for a decent rigid mousepad , I more recently found one from Rocketfish , the `` Universal Gaming Mouse Pad '' , for $ 14 at Best Buy . It is reversible with two different levels of friction on each side , which is nice . In my opinion it 's also more aesthetically appealing .
 For some reason only one out of the 3 i bought worked on my optical mice . this was testing on three different brands of mouse with the same results . I have had good experiences int he past with this product which is why I bought 3 . I do n't believe i will try them again . Going to find another brand of hard mouse pads .
 Warning , I have a Microsoft Wireless Laser Mouse 5000 and my mouse does not register the slightest movement or clicks when its near this pad . It seems like the metal of the mouse pad is inhibiting the wireless signal.Also mine had the top glued slightly off-center , which I find highly annoying .
 Grabbed this from a local retailer for its slick surface , which I loved using with quite a few optical and laser mice . A month into use , the cheap chrome finish flaked off onto my wrist exposing some copper-looking metal underneath . At least it was cheap ...
 I have a laser optical mouse . It does not get ANY response from this mousepad for some reason . Every other mousepad I have works with the mouse fine . I am not satisfied with the purchase at all .
 Looks professional and refined , a weighty object with sleek surface surrounded by silver metal.Does not slip , because of matting underneath.Works well for fast-paced gaming with my optical mouse.I have used it for three months and have no problems with the finish.Edit : Now after four months , the metal finish has started to wear by the wrist , which looks quite dirty .
 This phone is horrible . I bought it because I wanted a phone with a speaker for when I was working at home and had a meeting , but the speakerphone part barely works . You can barely hear the person on the other side and they ca n't hear you . Also , when you make a call there is a way too much static .
 Worst display i 've seen , i can not stand the BIG ! Block letters that seem more fit for a 3rd or 4th grader . Then when you try to read the infomation , you have to scroll those annoying Arrows Up and Down , Right and Left just to see the rest of the information , what a lousy design . I spend more time navigating through that horrible little screen than the information is worth ? I got rid of it immediately , not worth what it cost ?
 This is not worth the money , pretty useless . I would send it back , but I lost the paperwork.I had a Franklin Word Speller for about 15 years , it finally stoped working.I paid about $ 70.00 for it.Don ' t buy this Cheap one.I really get tired of loosing money on bad products .
 The first time I got this phone it went bad in 29 days . I was lucky it was still under warranty . I returned it to Amazon . I got my second phone and all I hear when I talk on the phone is statistic . I now have to replace this phone . This phone is awful !!!
 The first time I got this phone it went bad in 29 days . I was lucky it was still under warranty . I returned it to Amazon . I got my second phone and all I hear when I talk on the phone is statistic . I now have to replace this phone . This phone is awful !!!
 I purchased this product under the assumption that it was an actual mousepad ... it is n't . It 's just a piece of paper that looks like it was cut out by hand . It was meant to be a gift for someone , and I was embarrassed to give it to him . Save your money . Just print out a picture of a Yin Yang and cut it out with scissors instead .
 Very disappointing purchase.Cons
 I ordered the Royal 115CX because of my mobile food vending business at special events and farmer 's markets . Straight out of the box the ac adapter got fire hot when plugged-in . The unit work for a little while on the battery power , then it failed to turn on . Then when it did turn-on it failed to turn off . I sent for an exchange to see what the next unit will do . If my replacement comes up short I will try to find a SHARP , or CASIO or even a CANON . I would not recommend this unit for those whose business depends on high volume sales or any type of sales for that matter .
 this unit is too slow on batteries , will not print a journal receipt , and the power adapter that came with it is a universal adapter so you need to set the voltage , and it did not work . a change box is easier .
 Folks do NOT waste your money or your time with this piece of junk . I have used Royal products for a long time and this , bar none , is the biggest piece of crap I have ever used . Second tape I ripped off the machine the cutter blade fell off . Customer service offered to send me a new cover piece and they did . Cutter blade not attached to the cover . The ops manual is a joke and can be used in the bottom a bird cage . When I contacted tech support I was ask 5 times during our conversation for the model number and their expertise is ship it back the machine must be defective . I purchased this machine to use ... Not to support UPS with multiple shipping charges AT MY COST . Royal has lost a long time customer and so has Amazon for sell this piece of crap
 Purchased a year ago and now it does not work ... bought this register to take to markets and all we have had is problems with it from the start ... . it is cheaply made for the money you pay for it . Called the help line and she was helpful but it has stopped working and there is nothing I can do about it except pay to have it fixed ... . NOT WORTH IT !!!! WO N'T PUT ANOTHER DIME INTO IT . I also have a Royal 587cx that I have had for over 10 years and it has been great so when I went to buy one I could take to shows with no electricity I could still use a register ... I went back to Royal for my next one ... If you do n't mind cheaply made and might only work for about a year JUST PAST THE WARRENTY ... . buy this one ... other wise stay away from it .
 We bought this thinking is would be perfect for a town market / farmers market environment.wrong we look like fools once you enter a sale of 4.99 it takes a long time to enter it meanwhile it makes this horrible noise on and on and the customers just look at you . It could take forever to check out someone with mutiple items , its very slow slow slow . Also cash drawers have cheap plastic money holders that break off on first use . the entire register is plastic everything breaks the locking key is a joke . Do not waste money or time on this one its going back to amazon .
 Bought this register for use at a farmers market but found one bothersome problem that forced me to return it . It has an automatic shutoff when the register is not being used continuously -LRB- to save your batteries -RRB- and can not be turned on again unless you remove the `` c '' batteries and reinstall them . Also , the on/off switch is beneath the paper tape cover which makes it inconvenient because you have to rethread the paper tape through the cover opening . Also , it is very slow in operation and when it gets busy , it can not keep up . I 'm better off going with a higher end register and use a rechargeable battery pack .
 Photos and diagrams in the manual that came with the Royal 115CX were few and far between , and text was very technical and difficult to follow . No diagram included with the register -LRB- purchased new -RRB- that even showed which key was the subtotal key . Spent almost one week trying to program the register .
 This setup is attractive , but it just does not do the job . I purchased teh base unti and 3 other phones . About 50-60 % of the calls are dropped because it is always `` searching for base '' . I would not spend the money on this phone system .
 I bought the phone based on the good user reviews but was disappointed with the volume of the phone . Some people I called were quiet compared to my other phones , and others were nearly impossible to hear even with the volume turned all the way up . In fact , I found that turning up the volume mostly just increased the volume of the static.Another problem with the phone is its ergonomics . For me anyway , I had a hard time finding a comfortable ear position , and it was not designed to be held between ear and shoulder . It really requires one hand on the phone at all times .
 This phone stinks . And for one reason only
 This phone makes you think you need your hearing checked . Turning the volume to maximum only increases the static . I sent mine back . What were they thinking ??
 Call goes thru and then the static assault begins . I almost threw this phone at the wall . Junk .
 I bought this phone for the features and price Uniden offers their products at . The old addage , `` buy cheap , buy twice '' could n't be more applicable in this case . I may have only spent -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- on the unit , but I would need to spend another -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for a pair of Miracle Ears to hear the person on the other end . Do n't waste your money on this puppy !!!
 It 's a decent phone , but just barely . The base does n't take up much space , and the phone supports both regular Caller ID and Call Waiting Caller ID . The memory function would be better if you could see the list while you 're already on a call -LRB- to enter your voicemail or long distance code , etc. -RRB- , but it serves its purpose . In other words , as a basic cordless phone , its feature set is just what it should be.My biggest complaint is with the sound quality . The sound generally is muffled , difficult to hear , and quite low-volume . Because of that , I would n't really recommend it to anybody .
 It appears to be a lot of phone for the money , but it 's just another cheap 900 MHz analog phone . Its build quality is poor ; the handset feels insubstantial . Its keys are tiny and badly labeled . The display is dim and small.The phone 's core functions work fine
 After less than one year , I am shopping for a new phone . The handset does not work anymore . I replaced the battery thinking that was the problem but it was n't . When I click on one of the lines , there is either no sound at all , no dial-tone or anything OR it is just static and fuzz.I hope my next phone lasts longer than this one did !
 I bought this phone last Christmas and within two months the handset quit working unless you bang it on something . It also will not hold a charge . What a waste of money !
 I bought this phone with the intention of using it in my home office . The caller-id function is very important to me . Unfortunately , the phone lays to flat for you to see the caller-id display or read the keypad . Also , speakerphone volume is really loud , even when turned all the way down . I am taking this phone back .
 Uniden has done fairly well with low cost cordless phones but their 900 MHz equipment really does have flaws . I returned mine to Best Buy and bought a 900 MHz Sony for the same price that works great ...
 Phone , caller id and answering machine are all very easy to use , but it is fuzzy . I had the Panasonic 900mhz . It was very clear in comparison . I 'm returning this one and getting a Panasonic .
 I have ordered Royal registers for our Thrift Store before and have enjoyed their durability . However , I took this one out of the box and plugged it in to find that it did n't work at all . Very disappointing .
 I have owned two of these cash registers . The first one lasted about 1 year , and the gears where the paper feeds through are faulty . Over time , they stop linking and the paper feeder does n't close , therefore it does n't print on the paper . I figured our business beat it up and did n't care for it properly , so I bought a replacement 3 months ago . The same thing happened , I could n't believe it . I switched over to Sharp . I do n't recommend this register at all .
 Our old Royal used paper tape and thus could produce a roll containing a complete record of the day 's transactions plus , if you used duplicate paper tape , a copy of each sale for the customer . After over 10 years of service , it finally blew up , and we replaced it with this one because it looked identical and we figured it would be a seamless transition.But this stupid machine only uses thermal paper . Thermal paper does n't come in duplicate rolls . So , you can print a journal for yourself OR you can feed the tape out so your customers can each have a record of their transaction , but NOT both . WTH ???? If your customer asks for their receipt , get this
 I own three Royal Cash Registers , all of them have worked well but when I called for service on one of them -LRB- The greeting could n't be changed -RRB- I was connected with a `` technician '' in a foreign country and they not only could n't understand the problem but kept telling me there was nothing in the data base . The `` technician '' knew absolutly nothing about the cash register or even what a cash register actually is . They 're simply typing in a problem and expect an electronic database to provide an answer which you ca n't do if you do n't know how to translate the user 's description into something the database can recognise . I tried calling sales but they only sent me back to the `` service technicians '' They 're a great machine as long as you do n't need customer service .
 I 've always been loyal to Royal . Not so much anymore . Annoying memory function renders the machine useless after a couple of days until you clear memory by elaborate code or print out all transactions on expensive thermal register tape . Cash draw difficult to remove/reinsert . Missing a foot pad . Given cost of thermal paper , I 'd probably be better throwing this baby out and getting a used Royal .
 If you 're not a rocket scientist , DO NOT buy this cash register . The Sharp version is easier to program .
 Not user friendly . Our previous sharp cash registers were not as complicated as this one . Everyday we have an alert problem with it 's codes.We really should have stood with Sharp registers .
 I bought 9 of these because I wanted to tile them on a large empty wall , but a couple were warped and/or dented . And I was n't able to see the issue until I removed each board from the packaging and laid them all out . Hanging them to align with each other was impossible -LRB- this is my issue -RRB- . Hanging one , not a problem but if you want to tile more than one on a large area , this board wo n't work . The Formaldehyde smell was also an issue for me , with a small child in the area where I was planning on using these boards , the smell was strong enough to cause concern and I 'm now in the process of getting rid of all of these boards .
 I bought this for my office because I had one of these Umbra boards at home I had bought many years ago . This one is cheaply built and was n't what I was expecting . The old one has a nice lacquered finish in a deep grey color while this new one has a finish that appears to be from a rattle can .
 The item was shipped damaged . Corner was bent , but it is a bulletin board and is cover up with papers . Easier to use as it than ship back .
 Photos of the product are misleading the larger appears to be clearly a large rectangle approx 15x30 or so , the smaller a more squarish rectangle consistent with the 15x21 measurements that are actually those of the large . The small is in fact square . Be aware .
 I purchased this item at a local drug store for $ 9.95 . Whenever you returned the handset to the base there was a loud reverbsqueal.It ate batteries at an alarming rate -LRB- every week -RRB- and there was no A/C adaptor.I stopped using the batteries and the caller I.D. quit as well asall of the other features.Then , after 8 months it started squealing whenever you picked it upto make a call.It is now in the recycle bin .
 This product should n't be sold to an unsuspecting public.It 's junk and does not work .
 Amazon/WholesaleAV advertises the mi6879 by displaying a photo of the mi6879 with an extra handset for a price of $ 59.56 , which is not true . The price quoted is for the mi6879 only . I contacted the company via e-mail and received no response and the ad remains . As far as I am concerned this is false advertising . I will not do business with Amazon or WholesaleAV in the future . Thank you .
 Bought thisTRENDnet TVP-SP2 VoIP USB Speakerphonehere on Amazon for the sole purpose of communicating via Skype . There were only two reviews posted at the time , and it seemed like a good solution . It was a good looking unit with a very professional appearance , and the idea of being able to manage `` crystal clear conference calls with echo cancellation technology '' sounded good , along with it 's ability to view , manage and call Skype contacts directly from the unit.Sad to say , none of those wishes were to be.Part of the problem is with me , and not with this TRENDnet unit itself . Had I done a bit of research and gone to the manufacturer 's Website to check the specs , I would have noticed that it was listed as `` Compliant with Windows 98SE/ME/2000 / XP '' and that its interface was listed as USB 1.1 , and both of these would have been warning signs of older technology , as USB 2.0 had already been released in April 2000 . But I did n't check as there was a time sensitive deal going on here where it was being sold for under ten bucks , so I grabbed it . I 'm normally a skeptic , but I had previously bought theTRENDnet 108Mbps Wireless Super G USB Adapter TEW-444UB , and at the time that product had worked well , so I trusted the brand.Problem : Trying to keep this simple , the TRENDnet TVP-SP2 arrived within days . Followed the directions step by step , and it did n't work . I was running Windows 7 , and automatically assumed that the unit would work properly , but it did n't . Could n't reach anyone on the TRENDnet support line , so I kept trying to configure it with and for Skype . Finally got it to work , but the reception was abominable . So I unplugged the unit and plugged in myLogitech ClearChat Comfort/USB Headset H390 , logged into Skype , and my reception was clear as a bell . Went back and forth with this a few times and finally gave up , setting the TRENDnet TVP-SP2 aside to tackle again when I had more time.Solution : The answer to this issue came up a few months ago when I got theJabra SPEAK410 USB Speakerphone for Skype , Lync and other VoIP callshere on Amazon . Putting it simply , the Jabra product was not only easy to set up right out of the box , but has performed flawlessly each and every time that I 've used it , both on my Windows 7 PC notebook and on my MacBook Pro.Summary : I can not say much more than thisTRENDnet TVP-SP2 VoIP USB Speakerphoneis nothing but a fancy , useless paperweight . I would throw it out except that it 's a good reminder to research a product more closely before one makes a purchase , no matter how good the deal seems to be at the time . I did research theJabra SPEAK410 USB Speakerphonebefore I got it here , and its performance as a hands-free unit has been hassle-free . It has excellent overall voice quality using Skype and other VoIP services , and also serves as a good monaural music speaker , and is nice for background music when working . It 's a classic problem-solution issue , and this one has been solved .9 / 4/2012
 I use skype a lot for work related calls and typically use a headset . I saw this product and thought it would be nice to use a speaker phone when on some longer skype calls . When the product arrived it was fairly easy to set up . I used this for 2 calls where the other people on the call complained of awful static and feedback coming through and the voice quality that i heard from others was distorted . As soon as I unplugged this unit and went back to my headset everything was fine . I promptly boxed this back up and returned it .
 The audio is terrible . The only upside is you can actually get the buttons to work with windows 7 . But the audio is so horrible , it 's unusable . It has no way of removing background noise . Folks had a hard time hearing me on the other end . I had a hard time hearing them . Straight to the trash .
 Did not work with windows vista . there is not and advise of this situation when you buy it .
 From the last page of the manual : `` WARNING
 I had similar problems to the other reviewers . It 's almost impossible to get the image lined up onto the label properly . The software comes with a calibrator but it did not solve the problem . No matter how it 's calibrated it prints off-center . After spending hours creating the DVD movie , I expect the ability to print a label or case cover to be relatively simple , or at least to work as documented . This product fails in that respect and it 's not worth my time to troubleshoot it.Also , the software is somewhat hokey . It is n't even written with a standard Windows interface so it 's not as intuitive as I would expect . They created their own user interface so when you are trying to browse to find a file , the interface seems foreign , making it hard to use.Don ' t waste your money on this product . I 'm heading to Best Buy tomorrow to return mine .
 This software is horrible , and the actual lables are even worse . I put one of the memorex lables on to a cd i just made and i used the lablel applicator to put on the lables . I pressed as hard as i can to make sure the label was sticking on to the cd . I played the cd in my car , no problem , but when i went to eject the disk , the disk would not come out because part of label got stuck in the machine . I managed to get it out with a tweeser but part of the label is still stuck in there and i cant play any cd 's . This program is not user friendly at all and features are very limited . You are much better going with neato or avery software .
 This is the most frustrating , worthless software I 've ever purchased . Spent an incredible amount of time trying to make a single label and the software locks up continuously and you can not open saved files , much less print them.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 Labels are label applicator are ok.The program is very difficult to manipulate.Got a different program and works fine .
 Will not print on my HP 3210 . After a while , the drop-down menus appear blank -- trying to save the hard work is impossible ! Does not allow me to open ANY of the picture files in my computer to copy images -- I have to go through several steps , copy and paste , copy and paste , via a MEMORY STICK ! ... One star is one too many .
 I bought this product for the applicator because it says it centers the full face labels . I ended up wasting my money on this . It does not center the labels . I have to eyeball centering the label which is what I did prior to buying this item . It is useless in my opinion .
 just a note to add to all the other more-negative reviews ... I purchased this to label 8 -LRB- eight -RRB- DVD movies I had burnt . The software , though somewhat ` foreign ' as noted in other reviews , worked fine for me . Once ` calibrated ' my printer -LRB- HP D4160 -RRB- printed every label just about perfectly . It was when the time came to apply the labels that problems ensued . I printed 4 sheets at first , and of those 8 labels , 5 of them peeled off fine ; the other 3 stuck in areas large enough that would cause uneven weight of the disc had they been applied so they had to be reprinted . Of those 5 that were usable , 3 of them applied ` ok ' , meaning they are within my high standards of how a 1-2-3 product like this should work . The 3 keepers were just about centered and acceptable to me . So I now had 5 more to do , easy right ? I printed another 3 sheets and of these just 2 labels applied acceptably . I ended up using all but one sheet of labels to get a total of 8 discs labeled to my standards . This product is being returned and I highly recommend getting something else , especially given the $ 20 price tag .
 I would Never again buy Wauau Paper . They are Very Expensive plu they do not know what the meaning of White Paper is . They are packaged so they are easily damaged . It is better to buy Paper locally !
 The phone may be decent , however if you live in the state of NM , those chirp nights start at 10pm as well as the weekend rates . Thank God there is no contract on thier service , their web site states Indiana residents have thier service out of phase with thier time zone , but they should have mensioned New Mexico and West Texas . So now if I choose to use this service after buying thier phone , Im stuck into thier fees of 20 cents a minute till 10pm . They should have posted this up front and not have put me on hold by some guy who could barely speak English and then have them tell me after holding for 20min that Im in the `` farmers '' market and that 's why Im being charged according to Eastern Standard time . What a dumb excuse . I am a T-mobile customer who wanted another line and decided to choose a pre-paid service . I 'm going to go back to T-mobile for prepaid service , they might seem a little higher , but that 's because they are telling thier customers the WHOLE truth UP FRONT and not lying and making up excuses . Bottom line
 Features on this phone are great - that is until you try to use the -LRB- easy to implement -RRB- features . For the phone - unless you talk directly into the microphone , you wo n't be heard on the other end . Does not seem to be capable of picking up voice unless directly aimed at the mike . As for the answering machine - it works pretty well but if you want to record an outgoing message you might as well be talking into a tuna can . The voice quality is awful - reminds me of some of the first answering machines ten or fifteen years ago . My recommendation is that you pass on this turkey unless you want to send it back for exchange .
 everything about the phone is bad . the answering system , the voiceon the answering system , the ability to fast forward through messages ... go waste your money on something better than this !
 I have had three of these phones brought to me for repair because the charging circuit goes bad and drains the battery .
 The technical specifications for this product and the description in the reviews section say it includes the `` Sony Street Smart Headset '' and that it supports hands-free operation . The product shipped to me - SONY SPPN1000 - does not have this feature - not even a jack for a headset . It probably is a fine cordless phone , but hands-free it is not !
 the one-touch redial feature advertised for this phone does n't work . if there is a busy signal , you would have to get dial tone by pressing FLASH button , and then press REDIAL button . the product specification claims that pressing just the REDIAL button works when there is a busy signal . also , the volume of hearing in the phone is lower compared to other phones like panasonic and uniden .
 It made at funny sound , off and on . Good sound when not making sound . Brought it back .
 What you see is NOT what you get ! The picture shows a box of paper ... you only get one package of paper , not the box of paper advertised . Here is one seller 's words quoting amazon.com in an email to the seller -LRB- in an email to me -RRB- : `` This is the data Amazon supplied and they have also refused to amend the listing as they state the listing is ... in their words ` absolutely clear , what the buyer will receive ' . Below I have shared with you their input : The listing Image is supplied by the manufacturer Hammermill and shows both the Case and a ream of paper.The listing Title states clearly - 500 sheets.The Listing Technical Details State - 500 Sheets , Legal Size , 8.5 x 14 inches The Listing Product Details State - Shipping Weight 8 poundsIn closing they said they thought it would be obvious that a CASE -LRB- 10 reams -RRB- would not be supplied at a cost of $ 1.38 per ream delivered . `` Uh , no . Amazon.com has great deals overall , and if I see a box of paper , that 's what I expect to receive . So while the seller of the paper seems reputable , Amazon.com dropped the ball here , as this is obviously false advertising , to have a box of paper in the picture , and you DO N'T GET THE BOX OF PAPER.Really , amazon ... `` obvious '' ? When you sell things for pennies and the actual cost is in high-dollar ranges , I do n't think it 's so `` obvious . '' In this case , it 's blatant false advertising . So buyer beware !
 I 've owned this phone for about 2 weeks now and I HATE it ! I live in a high rise , and I actually had to dig out an old corded phone and plug it into the wall because I was getting so many complaints from the people I was talking to about buzzing on my phone . It gets static all the time ; the buttons on the handset are poorly designed so that if I try to hold it on my shoulder I disconnect myself half the time ; the caller ID re-dial does n't work properly ; and on and on ...
 To me , the most important feature of a cordless phone is it 's clarity.This phone sounds terrible . Static , echo , just plain cheap sounding . I do n't know what else to say . Other than that , it 's a great phone . I mean , it looks like a phone.My house mate has a Uniden model -LRB- discontinued 900 Mhz analogue -RRB- and I have been searching for it 's equal since . That phone is a dream . Honestly , It sounds better than even any hard wired phone I 've been on . When I am on a call , If there is a brief moment of non-conversation , I sometimes think the call has been disconnected because there is absolutely no background noise . I find myself blowing into the mouthpeice to see if I am still powered ! It is that good . i think i will buy a modern Uniden and hope it is as good .
 This is a cheesy machine . The very first fax we tried to send resulted in black pages sent to our receiver.Making a copy gave us the same results . Stay away from this fax !
 I have had great success with Panasonic phones in the past . I bought the 2.4 GHz hoping to have the same quality I 've had with previous versions . And initially I was very satisfied with the phone.It is a very attractive unit and has many very nice features . I love the phone number book . It 's so easy to store names and numbers in the phone 's memory . You can cycle through the names by pressing the up and down arrow . Once you find the name you 're looking for it will dial the number by pressing the talk button . Very slick . The conversations I had were very clear and crisp . I had unbelievable range and clarity . I also bought a headset so I could clip the phone to my belt and talk `` hands free '' . It was wonderful . The only thing I did n't like about it at first was the fact that the base unit is n't wall mountable.After about a month my luck changed . After talking on the phone for about 10 minutes the conversation would be filled with static and I 'd have to switch phones . The person I was talking to would n't notice the noise . A month or so after that I would get the `` Out of Range '' message when trying to get a dial tone . I noticed other reviewers reporting the same fact . As time went on it got worse and worse.Today , maybe three four months after I bought it , I can not use it . I ca n't get a dial tone . It is always out of range . I 've gone through every suggestion in the trouble shooter 's guide but ca n't fix it . I would call the help line , but I honestly do n't think it is worth my time or trouble.My advice to you is to avoid this phone . From reading other reviews it appears that the design has major flaws in it that can not be fixed . Perhaps the next line of `` high tech '' phones will be of better quality .
 I purchased this phone in March ,00 to replace a Sony that worked well but was large . From the beginning I noticed too much ststic for a state-of-the-art cordless phone . Also , rather than set my answering machine to answer after three rings I had to set it to 5 rings because the phone will ring 2 to 3 times before the handset on this cordless rings . In july I started getting `` Out of range '' message when I use the phone close -LRB- anywhere inside my small wood frame house -RRB- to the base . I will send the phone in for repair but am not hopeful because I was told by Panasonic that this is a design problem with this phone .
 It 's easy to be decieved by this phone 's cool looks , and multiple functons . But do n't . This is the worst phone I have ever purchased . Static and range was absolutely horrible , and customer service is terrible . I had to send the phone back -LRB- to get a replacement -RRB- three times , before they would refund my money . By the way , all three phones had the same problem ... terrible range , bad sound quality , static , and one had the ` out of range ' error others have been talking about . You are better off saving your money .
 I must agree with the other reviewers here . I 'd had my Panasonic phone for about two months when it started giving me an `` Out of range '' message whenever I tried to make a call , even when I was just inches from the base ! After a few days , it started working normally , but then it started with the `` Out of range '' nonsense again , and it has been erratic ever since . It 's not a bad phone otherwise ; I have n't had as many problems with static as the others have . I have noticed that it starts ringing -LRB- if it rings at all ! -RRB- a few seconds after the other phone I have in my house , which is a Brother phone/fax with digital answering machine . Still , for the $ 169.99 I paid for this phone -LRB- not from Amazon.com -RRB- , I expect better a performance . Pass on this one .
 I bought the phone almost a year ago -LRB- around Nov-Dec of 2000 -RRB- . I love the way the phone looks . I even bought the headset so that I could talk ` hands free ' with my family and friends . The phone has great features -LRB- caller-id , great phonebook , easy dialing . -RRB- However , the love affair is over.In the past couple of months the phone has steadly gotten worse . Lots of static and ` out-of-range ' messages . I 've bought a new battery for the phone figuring it was a bad battery . But the problems persist . Since DAY-ONE I 've had the phone on a computer grade surge suppressor -LRB- and phone line supressor -RRB- to protect it from power spikes etc.I 've read the other reviews . It seems that I 'm not alone in the problems that I 've had with the unit . I ca n't recommend that anyone else purchase one . Great design , but I 've not been satisfied with the long-term performance or reliabiliy of my phone . I 'm in now in the market to purchase a replacement phone . -LRB- NOT a PANASONIC one though . -RRB-
 I must say that I even cringe to give this phone even one star . I have had my phone one year as of December . The beginning of December , my problems started . I am another victim of the `` out of range '' and incredible static problems . I can have the phone 1 inch from the base and still have it read `` out of range '' . As a matter of fact , I had to switch to another phone during my phone call to customer service because this Panasonic kept making a zapping sound in my ear and they were unable to hear me on the other end ! They extended my warranty so that I could contact a local service center . I am in a Chicago suburb , yet the closest service center is 1 1/2 hrs away ! Try calling there ... nobody ever answers , all lines busy , . . the message says to leave a voice mail , only to then say that the mailbox is full . What a waste . I ca n't believe this item has n't been recalled . : -LRB-
 My experience mirrors that of the reviewer below . After about three months , my phone would give me ` out of range ' messages , even if you 're standing right next to the base unit . It would typically happen after sitting on the charger for a long period of time . I tried changing the battery , and it seemed to fix the problem at first , but it soon returned.My phone was a refurb that I bought , so I thought the issue may have been specific to my phone , but reading the reviews here , I see that it 's a problem with ALL of their phones . I notice that the newer Panasonic phones here seem to be getting positive reviews ... it may be just because the reviewer has had the phone long enough for problems to surface .
 Do NOT buy this phone . Following is a transcipt of an e-mail I am sending to Panasonic which should explain why I advise anyone and everyone NOT to buy this phone.I am the PROUD owner of a Panasonic piece of trash telephone -LRB- model number KX - TG255OF -RRB- . I read the negative reviews about it on Amazon -LRB- where I purchased the phone -RRB- and I thought , but it 's so expensive ! They MUST have worked the glitches out by now ! Perhaps those people just got lemons ! I purchased the phone on January 12 , 2001 -- less than a year ago . At this point , the phone will no longer work . I can be standing NEXT to the base , and the phone reports `` Out of Range '' . I can be TOUCHING THE ANTENNA OF THE PHONE TO THE ANTENNA ON THE BASE , and the phone reports `` Out of Range '' . I called your customer support . After nearly breaking the phone trying to get the battery door off , I managed to reset the phone . Guess what ? The phone is STILL reporting `` Out of Range '' . I spent a ridiculous amount of money on a phone that worked for less than a year . The customer service rep advised me to send it in for service , but I really do n't know if it is even worth the time or effort . I just wanted to let you know that I will NEVER be buying another Panasonic phone and will advise EVERYONE I know against it as well.Sincerely , Kate Stiteler
 I have had this phone since October 1999 . I purchased it for several reasons :1 -RRB- It has the newfangled 2.4 GHz Spread Spectrum Technology2 -RRB- It is cordless and headset compatible3 -RRB- It has caller ID , caller ID with call waiting capabilities4 -RRB- It did not have an answering system5 -RRB- It worked with the voicemail I have from the phone companyAt the time , it satisfied all of my needs perfectly.Overall , the sound quality is acceptable . The battery does n't last as long as it did when I bought it , but that is to be expected . I thought , though I was mistaken , that I could add an additional handset to the base system . Right now , I need more phones in my home . That I can not add additional handsets is a drawback.The headset option is key for me because I ruined my neck at work from long hours on the phone . I can only talk on the phone with a headset or I get a giant neck ache . This phone works well with a headset and allows me to do lots of activities while on the phone.Unfortunately and ironically , the biggest advantage of this phone is also its worst feature . Once you have used the headset , the phone can not be used in non-headset mode . After removing the headset , I can not get a dial tone on the handset when I press talk . This is frustrating/annoying for people who want to use the phone without the headset.I called Panasonic to find out how to fix this problem and the representative said it happened because I was not using a Panasonic headset . I bought one , but the problem was not eliminated.By chance , I discovered that the phone could be restored to non-headset mode if the headset was removed , the handset was placed on the base , the phone was set to auto-pick up and the handset was picked up while receiving an outside call . I used the Panasonic headset after the phone was `` reset '' like this and the problem still existed.I remain frustrated because I have n't been able to find my `` secret fantasy '' cordless phone . This phone meets part of the criteria , but falls miserably short .
 Like other reviewers below -- I found this phone to be a major disappointment . At first it was a great phone -LRB- and should have been for the price tag ! -RRB- -- but after about a year I started getting horrible static , so bad that I 'd have to change phones in mid-conversation . I would n't recommend this phone to anyone .
 I bought this phone about 1 yr ago , it was very expensive and never quite worked right . I can be standing next to the charger and it will tell me it is out of range , it does not allow you to answer calls or anything when it does this . Also when I dial numbers it gets all confused and makes these weird noises and I have to hang up and keep trying until I finally get it to dial correctly . I would not recommend any Panasonic phones after using this one . Right now I am in the market for a new phone and I am probably going with a V-Tech . I know a few people who have these and love them .
 I purchased this telephone very inexpensively due to a rebate . For the price it was worth it , but there are better choices you can make if you must pay the regular price.The sound quality was poor and sometimes a bit garbled . The earpiece , even though it appears to be a sizeable circular area , is in fact a small slit . If the handset shifts even slightly from my ear , the volume diminishes drastically , which is very annoying . The earphone volume is a nice feature , but because I have to hold it just right to get full volume , I leave it a full volume , which is occasionally too loud.The range is satisfactory for my use , but not as good as many other 2.4 GHz telephones . I can be about 50-feet from the base unit before detecting deterioration in the signal . By 70-feet there is a lot of static , and by 90-feet , I lose the signal and the call is dropped.It is also inconvenient to turn the ringer on or off . To do so , you must go through the program menu.Another annoying feature is that there is a separate button for making a call and hanging up . All our previous phones used the same button . Because of this , many times I automatically pressed the wrong button -LRB- the PHONE button -RRB- after completing the call , only to later find out the the phone line has been dead and not able to receive calls . It took a while to get into the habbit of pressing the OFF button . However , if you are used to cellphones , -LRB- which I am not -RRB- this would probably be a positive feature.After about two months , I replaced this phone with another brand because I was not satisfied . I did n't throw it away , but I did put it where it is less often used .
 I 've always wanted to own a hand held talking dictionary , but I was somewhat disappointed in the product , especially the tone of the voice , it comes across muffled , nothing like the voice if one would log into Merriam-Webster 's online dictionary and here a word pronounced .
 This unit was very difficult to read ; font was too small and could be obliterated by glare from ambient light . Background lighting would be a big improvement . Fortunately the seller allowed me to return the unit .
 Years ago , when I was in college . I purchased a Franklin Language Master LM4000 . It was the greatest . It lasted about 20 years . It was far superior to this new model and less pricy . I 'm not impressed with this model at all , but it will have to do until they make another that will satisfy my needs like in the days gone by .
 I had purchased a Franklin electronic dictionary back when I was in University and I had loved it . I used it to build my vocabulary by playing the word games . I took it everywhere with me , even while traveling . It was easy to use , and most importantly , was backlit . I was really distressed when I had forgotten it aboard a Qantas Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Honolulu . I quickly purchased another one . It was really a very important , necessary , and useful item during my University days.Unfortunately , though Franklin has shrunk the electronic dictionary in size and added more features , it has removed the backlight feature . What a mistake . For this reason alone I give this item two stars -LRB- I really meant to give it a 1 star -RRB- . It is really very hard to read the screen , especially in poor light , such as in your bed at night -LRB- which is the best place to build your vocabulary -RRB- , in a car , a library , or aboard an aircraft . The absence of a backlight also makes this electronic device look primitive , as if it came out of the 70 's . What went through the minds of the engineers and designers to produce such a gaffe ? Was it monetary consideration ? I am ready to pay more for a backlight!There are other Franklin electronic dictionaries -LRB- and many by other manufacturers -RRB- with a backlight . Take my word , purchase a backlit unit , and you 'll thank me for it.Other than this major weakness , this electronic dictionary has many features if your eyes allow . It has a Merriam-Webster dictionary , English usage , guide to punctuation and style , signs , symbols , tables , quotations , thesaurus , and a 5-language translator -LRB- English , Spanish , French , German , and Italian -RRB- . This last can come handy when traveling.This electronic dictionary is also small , which will be easy for you to carry around.This is a talking dictionary ; however , the speakers give less than adequate sound . By putting on the headphones , which are supplied , the sound becomes much clearer.If a backlight was included , I would not have hesitated giving this product five stars !
 If I could put negative number of starts , I 'd gladly do so.Either it was bad choice of manufacturing partner or prematurely released product or both.Device locks up dead when you try playing built-in Letrix game.The thing can not be turned off when it happens . You have either to take out batteries or find a pin and push it into a small hole in the bottom to reset it.As another reviewer indicated before , the right speaker is a hoax -LRB- either there is nothing there or it does n't work -RRB- . Sound out of the remaining left speaker is horrendous . Sound in the headphones is no better , which suggests that sound processor is a chip dirt poor quality piece of silicon.All the built-it games have only one level of difficulty - beginner.Random word generator is a joke . It can generate the same word many times in a row.I tried two of them -LRB- though the first one was defective -RRB- . But the second one behaved absolutely the same.So , either Franklin has some serious issues with product quality , or Amazon is selling `` dumpster '' batch of SCD-1890 's . And yes , do n't be fooled by the picture of the item . What appears to be black on gray text is a decal . In reality text is blue on gray , which indeed in not as readable as black on gray would be .
 Franklin SCD-1890 electronic Dictionary , is not my first e-Dictionary ; but the first one which I 'm unhappy with . Previous e-dictionaries , you get instant access to search word 's meaning -LRB- s -RRB- . While turning on the present e-dictionary you reach a menu whose options one rarely used and it requires superfluous manipulation to access the dictionary , which can get on one 's nerves if you have to do it all over tens of times per day . The words search in the dictionary should be instantly accessible by default.Additional problem exist when you need to search for phrases or idioms . You may result empty handed and this in spite the fact that the phrase you are looking for is there but inaccessible . I 'll demonstrate my point with first hand experience
 Sound quality was not very good . It drained battery within a day or two . It ended up throwing it away .
 The Franklin Speaking Merriam-Webster Collegiate Dictionay was available under the heading of products for the visually imapired . I ordered it for a blind friend . There is NO way he could maneuver his way through the complicated instructions . He is a very brilliant doctor , but this product has too many features and complicated programs . There would be no way for him to know whether or not he was in the right program . The electronic voice is also very difficult to understand . I was not pleased with this product , so I am sending it back .
 I ordered a Franklyn-1890 Electronic Dictionary on 8-20-2008 that was in srock and to be shipped on 8-22-08 . It has not arrived.I sent an email to m-kat@rambler.ru on 9-13-08 but no reply . It was not rejected.Very deceitful service.Charles Kirk
 This phone is ridiculously expensive and it 's been nothing but problematic since we bought it last December . Siemens has replaced our phones -LRB- we 're still waiting for the last one -RRB- , but now it 's a new set of problems . At first it was an issue of the thing keeping time -LRB- you have to set the time , unlike many other phones that get it `` magically '' -RRB- . Now the phone is beeping at random times , the message light does n't flash anymore , and the company is slower than molasses to resolve the issues . Defintely save your money and buy a cheaper phone !
 Voice echoed back to me - cheap casing that I would expect in a $ 20 phone.I returned it after 1 day - very disappointed and way to expensive for what it is.The good news was that Amazon refunded my purchase price .
 I read all of the reviews for this phone , and thought `` well , maybe the technical difficulties people had were something I could get past '' -- I 'm very technically savvy -- but let me tell you ... This phone was a HUGE disappointment ! It had all of the malfunctions the others have described , as well as others -- it rang for no apparent reason , would beep for no reason -LRB- not necessarily at regular intervals -RRB- , the speakerphone is SO quiet it 's unusable . The backlight on the handset is SO dim you ca n't read the buttons , and they are very small , so are hard to read even in the light of day.I was so excited about these phones -- but this was a huge disappointment . I am returning them asap .
 This was a very cool phone at first , but then I started to see it 's flaws . Most of which are it 's speed in maneuvering around the various functions of the phone . This has to be the most frustrating phone ever when it comes to messages . You are forced to listen to the female voice say the date and time -LRB- Which is visible right on the screen , so no need to say it -RRB- , and then to skip to the next message you HAVE to hear all of it again . It would have been much better to be able to skip the voice over or make it an option to turn it off . Thumbing through the address book was also painfully slow . The phone jacks for the headset become inoperable on both handsets I had after only a week or two of use . The buttons are at first very hard to press accurately as you must press directly over the center of the button or it does not respond . While this phone LOOKS cool and has a nice color screen , I ended up going back to the Panasonic that came with 4 handsets for the same price and I 'll never switch again .
 The graphics are lots of fun and my kids loved the intercom . However , the call waiting does not work at all . You have to hang up on the first call to take the second call . And I could n't get the message light to work on any of the three handsets I had to let me know that I had received a voicemail message . These are basic functions that an expensive system like this should handle well . I also fund the system to be over complicated . Too many steps to review the call log , add phone numbers to the stored list , etc. .
 I purchased it to pick up after my twin one-year olds . I had used a Hoky when I worked as a waitress and loved it -- that thing picked up everything ! -LRB- french fries , cracker crumbs , etc -RRB- . So , I was excited to try a carpet sweeper at home . I purchased this one because it was the only version Hammacher Schlemmer carried -- and I assumed the quality would be good based on their testing -LRB- see their website for further info -RRB- . Big mistake!It says that it works on bare floors and even plush carpet . I could barely manage to push it across my ceramic tile floor and , when I did manage to move it , it would n't pick anything up -- it just broke the cheerios into smaller crumbs , then pushed them around the floor and made an even bigger mess . -LRB- There is no way that this could pick up things like sugar and oatmeal flakes ! -RRB- Being a glutton for punishment , I foolishly tried to use it on a very low pile carpet -LRB- similar to berber -RRB- -- it would n't even budge . I can not fathom how a prior reviewer was able to push it across their berber carpet without doing serious damage to their back.Save your money and stick with the Gold Standard
 I was looking forward to using this item because I have been using a simple $ 9 carpet sweeper that work good but did not get the walls . I thought the Leifheit would solve that problem but it did n't , very heavy , very hard to push , Kept streering to the right and just did n't pick up as well as the $ 9 sweeper .
 This is the most expensive piece of trash I have ever owned . It does not roll at all on bare carpet or floors . Please do not waste your money .
 Okay , I am no techie , I admit it , but I do not remember the last time I have witnessed a worse user 's manual than the one offered by this LaPazz company , the manufacturers of DNA500 and DLA401 digital note takers . The product itself is okay at best . It is somewhat cumbersome and more complicated to put together compared to similar products but gets the job done in the end . But that user 's manual is ridiculously funny . It is written in SUCH broken English that it makes the whole experience both annoying and frustrating , though at times , also funny . I find it hard to fathom that a company that invests so many resources in developing a product would then skimp on technical writing just to save a few yens.My recommendation - UNLESS you are a very technically minded person , STAY AWAY from this product UNTIL this company finally hires an English speaking technical writer !!
 Several days ago I bought a VTech phone identical to the i5881 but without the answering machine component . Loved the cool design -LRB- especially the bright blue indicator lights -RRB- . The phone had all the features I wanted including base keypad and speakerphone and expandable handset capacity . The problem is that it has the worst range of any cell phone I have ever owned . We keep the base set in the kitchen at the back of the first floor of our house and I ca n't get any remote handset reception in our bedroom in the front of the second floor . Our house is big but not huge . Its a wood framed house not solid masonry or steel which can block reception . Tonight I am returning the phone to the store where I bought it . One other minor problem that I could have lived with , had the reception quality been better
 I 've had this phone for 6 months and the handset that came with it wo n't charge anymore . A new battery did n't solve the problem . A quick call to VTech for a replacement handset reveals that they do n't make this phone anymore and the only option I have is to buy a completely new setup . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this telephone at Sam 's and felt like this would be the end of all my phone worries . This telephone system worked great for one month , and then the reception went to the dogs . Unless I am within five feet of the answering device , I get only static on the handhelds . Unfortunately I did n't keep the receipt and box and can not return it . I 'm looking at going back to corded telephones .
 I have had problems with this phone since recieving it 2 weeks ago . The hand held battery provides only a few minuted of use . It has to be recharged every day . The speaker in the hand held is really bad quality . The main unit speaker phone is bad sound quality . A person can not talk to a customer support person . ALL the various phone are computerized .
 In my experience with this phone , here 's what I 've found : Pros : * Separate base -LRB- w / speakerphone -RRB- and handset units allow you to be flexible with where you place them . * Blue-lit display and buttons are easy on the eyes while remaining visible . * Nice , simple , modern look and feel . * Speakerphone on handset is very convenient . * Optional backup battery in base allows talk time during a power outage . Comes in handy during storms . * Handset can be set to vibrate instead of ring ... useful for when the baby 's sleeping , or when you have cell-phone withdrawals while at home and the cell is charging . * Range is pretty good -LRB- but see interference caveat , below -RRB- . Cons : * Heavy static and interference -LRB- other phone conversations , what sounds like a radio station , potential extraterrestrial communications , etc. -RRB- , though not constant , are common . Using an alternate cordless phone under the same circumstances reveals the problem lies with the VTech . * Listening to messages on the answering machine is an exercise in patience . At low volumes , the messages are difficult to hear -LRB- somewhat obviously -RRB- , but turning the volume up only makes things worse . Messages sound very electronically distorted ... much like a $ 4 radio shack walkie-talkie from the 80s . I often had to play messages 3 or 4 times to get enough info to call people back and ask them directly what their messages said . * The call log is nearly impossible to purge ... with caller ID , it keeps track of the names/numbers of the last 50 callers -LRB- whether or not they leave a message -RRB- , so that when you get home from work , say , the handset will read `` 5 new calls . '' You can then scroll through the call log to see who rang you . Viewing each call listing is supposed to reset the log so that the phone does n't report any more `` new '' calls . It rarely works , though , and I 've often had to scroll up and down the log several times to reset it . I resolved to just let it be , but it 's just annoying , is all , because whenever you look at the phone , it makes you think you missed a call . * The thing beeps like crazy . And loudly . Every time you try to play a message back , etc. , you have to wade through a symphony of beeps and then have your finger on the delete button , ready to go . If you do n't hit delete while the person is still talking , the machine moves on to the next message , and you 'll have to wait for it to beep all over again to get rid of the first one . Again , annoying.Overall : I bought this back when 5.8 s were the next big thing in phones , but I think VTech released this one prematurely ... without enough bug testing , and without making some of its `` features '' more user friendly . It has some useful innovations which made me keep it around for awhile , but the static and poor recording quality of the answering machine seemed to increase over time -LRB- despite new batteries , new locations for phone , etc. -RRB- , so I 've moved on from this nifty-looking model to something that actually works ... and that I do n't want to smash into a million beeping pieces .
 I purchased this phone and kept it for 28 days . I was very un-happy with the quality of the phone and returned it for another brand . The main reason for this was the extremely poor quality of the answering machine . I would have to play the message 2 to 3 times to make sure I understood the person talking . The digital recording was very poor and slurred peoples words together . It also tended to cut messages off at the last second , so when someone ended a message by leaving their phone number , I would miss the last digit . Also , the phone quality was poor . If you speak at the same time as the other party , the volume for them would get very low ... much like a half duplex system . I also had a good deal of static on the line . I am now trying out the Panasonic telephone and hope for better results .
 This phone was okay for a cheap cordless phone with caller ID , the reception was good , and the message waiting light worked well with vonage . All the other features sucked -LRB- like the phone book as it did n't store many names , and was kinda tricky to use -RRB- . The phone lasted about 10 months , and now is dead .
 I wanted a cheap caller ID cordless phone . I thought this one would be great , since it was cheap and I do n't need a whole lot of range . Unfortunately , once I got it home and charged it , I found that it was completely and utterly useless . I tried calling it several times from my cell phone -- the handset would display a `` ringing '' message , but the phone would n't ring , no matter what ringer setting I chose . The buttons would make noise only intermittently when pressed , and when I did receive a call , it would n't pick up . The most annoying thing I experienced in the twelve hours I used the phone was the fact that when I set the phone on its cradle , which was located next to my computer , the computer would * turn off * ! This is despite the fact that the phone and computer were plugged into entirely different outlets and the computer is on a UPS ! -LRB- No problems with the UPS , I checked -RRB- . This happened several times . Other than those problems , the phone seemed OK , but when I return it I will definitely be getting a different brand or model . I do n't expect much for $ 20 , but I do expect the thing to work .
 I purchased this phone because I was looking for a basic , cordless phone with caller-id . This phone is small and attractive with clear reading buttons . Unfortunately , when I used the phone , I had to turn the volume up loud to hear who I was talking to . And the louder I turned up the volume , the louder background noise and static became . I could hear static noise coming off the person 's voice . It also made my voice sound louder on my end.Also , it does not appear to have the feature of memory speed dialing . You can program numbers into a phone directory and then scroll through the phone to access a number , but I did n't see where you could program speed dialing.I do have a corded V-Tech Phone , which is working fine .
 I thought I 'd give this one a try as I 've had good experiences with other V-Tech products at home . The price seemed very attractive and it is cheap both in price and quality . Ca n't get a clear sound anywhere and it has a constant `` buzzing '' sound . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME ON THIS PHONE .
 I owned a Hon task chair for over 30 years . The only reason I needed to replace it was that the seat padding had deteriorated . EVERYTHING else about the chair was in excellent condition . So I did n't hesitate to buy another Hon. It 's the last one I 'll ever buy . Although it looks identical , and the description says it 's identical to my previous chair , those are the only things remotely similar . This chair is cheap , poorly made , with inferior materials . The seat padding is so close to non-existent , it 's like sitting on a rock . The movements work so poorly , I wo n't be the least bit surprised if they stop working altogether . The best thing I can say about this chair is that it looks good . Caveat emptor definitely applies here .
 I love these pens , but the description says there are 12/box . They do n't actually send you a box of them . I ordered two , and got two pens .
 I would recommend going down to Walmart and buying this same product for a much cheeper price . That is the quality you 're getting here . The inside liner is plastic . The metal is cheep . You do n't get your money 's worth with this one .
 Worked fine out of the box , but one week later phone would `` freeze '' -LRB- just like a computer freezes -RRB- periodically , and buttons would operate random functions . Pushing a 9 would get you the phone directory , for example . Obviopusly the circuit board has gone haywire -- and the product back to the dealer .
 purchased a phone from them . although they marked it as used , this thing should have been marked done . The keys are mostly rubbed off . the battery for the cordless part was dead ... but it arrived on time .
 This telephone did not work at all first the caller ID failed and later the phone did not hangup stay on all the time . Please do not buy this brand give a lot of traubles and have a no good custemer service
 This phone works ok , but it is not a quality phone ... but it was fairly priced . Sound quality is not so good . Next time I 'll opt for a better quality at a higher price.My service from the seller was excellent ... I just made the wrong choice in phones .
 i found this phone did some research and all sounded good . I was looking for new cordless phones . These were nice looking and a fair price but to my major disappointment they were not at all what i had hoped . We charged them for the time specified and on my very 1st call I was about to throw the hand set out the window . There was a terrible echo in the phone and after just 45 min of use it was telling me i needed to recharge the handset . If you turned the volume down you lose the echo but also the ability to hear the person you are talking to . In a nut shell i took the phone back after 3 days and paid $ 10.00 more for an At & t set and have been beyond happy ... just one more added note one other reason i picked these was because I have a wireless network and was told a 5.8 Hz would work better ... well they didnt and the AT&T set i bought are 2.4 GHz and work wonderful
 We first purchased an AT&T 2.4 mhz cordless , and took that back because it worked horribly . Then we went with Uniden . AWFUL ! So then we moved on to this phone , and right away had problems . One handset would not work at all , so we returned it for a new one , thinking it was a fluke . Well , both handsets work now - - terribly . The echo is unbearable . It 's near impossible to hear the person on the other end . All 4 ring types are just annoying . There is a huge delay when entering numbers or answering . Just plain not worth it at all . We could not regret a purchase more . I 'm convinced there is just no such thing as a truly good cordless phone . I 've been e-mailing more than ever !
 This company bates you with the nicer badge with the color seal and a good price , but sends you the cheaper Blackington J306 model badge . You really read the fine print with these folks.Both are good badges but the price you pay is higher then the list rate for what you get .
 Ordered 13 sets of -LRB- 12 -RRB- as advertised ... received 13 individual pens . The advertisment said on sale for $ 5.46 -LRB- originally $ 34.99 84 % off -RRB- How could they be $ 34.99 each for a paint stick .
 Too heavy . I rarely use it now . Would not recommend . Maybe a plastic one would have been better .
 They were cheap so I did n't expect much but I was hoping that they would actually stand up which they do n't , no matter how full or empty they are . Do n't waste your time on these .
 The description of these boxes sounded fine , but once they arrived , and I saw that these `` boxes '' are actually thin sheets of cheap plastic that are folded into a `` box-like '' object , I was very disappointed.The plastic is so thin and cheap that they perpetually fly open , even when empty . Once you place the lightest papers or office items in them , they bulge and the flaps come open.Eventually , I just threw them away since I could not find a single use for which they could be employed .
 Files are delivered flat and are assembled by folding the plastic . There is no reinforcement along the seams or along the base , therefore you can immediately see that they do not hold their shape at all and require being stuffed full of sturdy magazines in order to remain upright . I am not sure what these magazine holders are intended to do ... but you ca n't hold magazines in them and expect them to stay upright unless the following conditions are met : a -RRB- they are completely full of very sturdy and squared off magazines , and/or ... b -RRB- they are stabilized by holders , books or what have you on either sideFor my purpose , which is to actually hold magazines and expect the file to remain upright without supports , they are utterly inadequate .
 Do n't let the product picture fool you . These boxes require assembly . I took pictures to give you an idea of what you 're getting yourself into by ordering the document boxes . First let me say that assembling the bottom half of the boxes is really easy . It took very little time to fold on all the creases -LRB- as the directions suggested -RRB- and then slip the tabs through their assigned slots . Had the lids been as easy , I would be a much happier person regarding assembly . The instructions say it takes 5 minutes to assemble the boxes . That is because it takes 10 seconds to get the bottoms assembled and the rest of the time is spent struggling with each of the lid 's tabs to force them in to where they catch and hold in the slots -LRB- See picture with green lid -RRB- . It was both frustrating and difficult to get the lids assembled and certainly not worth it considering the quality of the boxes . Spend the extra money to get pre-assembled , sturdy boxes for your documents . The plastic is about as thick as cardstock and probably built as `` strong . '' They would need to be filled to capacity to not crush easily in storage . You 'll also need to put a rubberband around the whole box , or tape it shut , otherwise the lid will not stay on . Definitely not what I was expecting . I , however , will be keeping these boxes because after all that time spent in assembly , I 'm determined to use them .
 You get what you pay for . The bottoms fall out and ca n't support the weight of a few magazines .
 The picture makes the boxes look atrractive and does n't show the tabs that stick out . The plastic is very thin and cheap-looking . They look like they 'd fall apart very easily . I ordered these based on the one review here but I really hate them and would n't recommend them to anyone .
 These pieces of plastic ship flat , requiring you to fold them into shape and secure them via a tabbed system . Most of them came out looking warped and misshapen . The bottoms would fall out if lifted , and would collapse if magazines were leaning unsupported against one side .
 Like the other reviewers , I was disappointed with these . The picture makes them look as though they fit well together . Mine did n't . Plus they came with the added `` joy '' of assembly . There are better offers out there . Such as : Aurora Products `` ProFormance '' Storage Box Assortment , Small-Medium-Large Boxes , 11.5 x 8.88 x 3.75 Inches , Purple Croc/Blackberry -LRB- 09369-6 -RRB-
 It was n't mentioned in any of the descriptions that these boxes had to be constructed . When constructed the sides bow out . They are useless for photo storage . I am too disgusted even to return them . I will leave them flat and use them as a desk protector for paint splats .
 I got a set of these boxes , they are a good size , but they fall apart when filled with anything . I dont recommend this product at all.the cap doesnt even stay on , they 're plastic , and they loose their shape .
 I bought them to save magazines for knitting . The boxes are difficult to put together and fall apart after being used .
 I 'm not a product review person , but I really wish I had read the other reviews before buying this . They are completely usless as they will not stand up and hold a form . Even with books on either side , it still sways . Great colors , but the company should have seen this coming . Was going to return it , but the shipping cost more than the product .
 AT&T recently started promoting this poor-quality phone for its pay as you go plans . The phone is compact and light , but has terrible reception and voice quality . Web reviews also reveal it breaks very easily . My cousin 's broke after a week and she had to get a replacement . She could also barely hear on the phone . AT&T 's service is really lacking , and coverage is sporadic even in big cities like DC and NY . I personally recommend you check out Virgin Mobile 's prepaid plans , which are cheaper and they have much better phones to choose from .
 This is the third LG 4011 I have had . Everyone one I have had has had to be replaced . LG and ATT will not send me a different model though I have begged and pleaded . THe last time I had a problem with the `` new '' one they sent me , I read them the numbers on the phone and they said `` oh yeah that one is defective '' The phone turns off for no reason when you are in the middle of a conversation . WIth my husband being overseas losing a call because your phone just shuts off is n't very ideal . So trust me this is the worst piece of junk phone .
 what is the purpose of this card with dog faces on it?the ad does not indicate if these are cards to be sent for greeting cards , calling cards , playing cards etc.Anyone have some clues ?
 This stapler is advertised as one which never fails . Every staple is supposed to do its thing every time . Perhaps some models of the stapler live up to their reputation . This one does not . I plan to donate it to Goodwill .
 I 've bought this previously at local stores , it would n't hold light weight wooden letters , repeatedly had them falling off the walls , as well as extremely light music posters , simply had no gripping strength whatsoever . Now here 's the kicker , when I went to remove the tape from the wall it wo n't come off ! It sticks to the wall but not to anything else ! The gray foam leaves a gray residue if not pieces of the tape when you take it off . Save yourself the trouble and buy a different product .
 I was trying to mount a relatively light plastic bag holder to the inside of my kitchen cabinet . The previous mounting tape did a good job , but was ripped off . I bought the Duck because it has a good name brand ... and was REALLY disappointed . It barely had any sticking power at all .
 i thought getting a more expensive amplified phone would be the way to go -- wrong . After about 6 months the keys began to stick and my dialing would get screwed up . Then the static background noise began to increase with any volume adjustment . Pressing the amplify button would actually wipe out any conversation with the increased noise . The tone control was useless from the beginning . I eventually found myself grabbing the standard telephone instead of the StarPlus45 . Finally trashed it . My `` cheapie '' amplified phone from Walmart is doing much better .
 I ordered White Velcro because it will be on the back of a white banner . My order receipt and order history says white Velcro but when I opened the box it was 25 yards of black Velcro . I need this for an event next weekend . Now I am stuck using black and it is going the show through the white poster .
 This tape is `` matte finish '' NOT CLEAR . It looks white . Slightly transparent but most definitely not invisible . So it 'll do for crafts , but looks cheap for gift wrapping , etc. .
 this tape is not clear it 's kinda frosty . do n't see how they advertise it as invisible . would not buy again .
 The packaging says invisible tape , but it sure is not invisible it has a mat finish but not clear . I have had clear tape in the past that you could hardly see that it was not a book or something . And another complaint that I have is that it does not stick very well for holding torn books . We bought it at Walmart 3 +1 Bonus and it was cheep , you get what you pay for . I would not recommend this tape to any one or buy it again . I know that regular duck tape is very sticky but they need to improve the design of this tape . For I while i gave it to my 4 year old daughter so she could use it for her play package raping . But then we got down to one roll so I though I better put it up for now until we get more .
 This tape was called `` invisible , '' but it is not . I purchased for a photo project that needed completely invisible tape . I had to go to the store and purchase other tape instead .
 Never will we be fooled again ! We do a lot of mailings in our business and tried the henkel due to its price . Not invisible but actually that was n't the issue ... it is CHEAP ! It does n't tear off the roll easily and it is not nearly as sticky as Scotch . In the future we 'll get the Scotch and pay a little more to get a better tape .
 I purchased this tape thinking because it was Duck brand that it would be awesome . I was so very wrong . Now I have 3 rolls of tape that does anything but stick . If you are looking for a product that does n't work , make sure you purchase this product !
 The packaging for this tape does not indicate that it is acid free , so I asked its distributor ShurTech -LRB- identifying the tape by UPC -RRB- ... I was told that this tape is not acid free.Amazon promptly refunded my purchase price when I informed them of this discrepancy a week ago . I will try to update the item 's description .
 Remember what they say about , ` If the price is to good to be true , it probably is ! '' Well , I thought I had found a real deal with this , a `` confetti cut shredder '' for $ 100 , well when i got it , it shredded in large READABLE clumps . Total garbage . But AMAZON as always stood behind it and returned it.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I thought I reviewed this product an hour ago , complaining about all the confetti that got all over the floor . I wo n't buy ANY shredders ever again . I 'll use scissors . Too bad I have no fireplace
 My third and final Fellowes shredder has just failed , all three from the same cause ; the plastic casing that holds the motor , gears and shredder blades , cracked under stressful loading . The last model was very similar to the model shown , but several years older , and before it failed , it had performed well -LRB- thus the two star rating for function -RRB- . In the second shredder not only did the case fracture , but the plastic gears disintegrated.It does n't seem that it would be very difficult to design a shredder that ; -LRB- a -RRB- is capable of protecting itself from self-destruction under heavy loads and -LRB- b -RRB- would allow the operator to safely remove shredder jams that ca n't be dislodged by pushing the rocker switch back and forth .
 Had this shredder for about 2-3 years , used it about once or twice a month , for about 10 minutes at a time . Already broken and no longer works . Do not recommend this shredder .
 This unit appeared to be fantastic right out of the box . It worked very well for 3 months . However , all of a sudden it started this thing where it would not automatically turn off or would turn on and run until we turned it off . This happened while we were gone and when we came home the unit was running and smoking . I ca n't find any warranty information and of course , they would want us to ship them the broken unit on our own dime I am sure . We 'd like a working unit , but do n't know how to go about doing it without incurring costs to ourselves.Now , the unit still works , we just have to turn it off and on . Just keep in mind that you should not leave this unit turned on to automatic when you are not using it as it may start a fire or at the least smoke up a storm before it overheats and turns off . Once it cools down , it starts up again on its own . We tried cleaning it . No dice . We oiled it according to the manufacturer 's instructions . That is what caused all the smoke we believe.I would not buy another Fellowes shredder based on my experience with this one . Sad , because Fellowes rates very highly . The raters must not have used the unit for an extended period of time.My opinion ? I would not buy this again .
 After just a few weeks of use , this unit just wo n't stop , I 've used compressed air to clean , remove every bits of paper I can see inside , still it just wo n't shut down . Funny thing is that although a different model , we had the same problem at work with this brand , I wonder if they have a bad design on the sensor.Update
 This shredder looks good and if you clean it often , works well . But it has a couple of issues that makes me worried about using it and give it the two stars . # 1 - It shreds paper into small pieces but when you go and look and the pieces , sometimes you find one about 3/4 inch thick , I think it has to do with the edges but my previous no-brand shredders never did that so I do n't understand why a more expensive model would . # 2 - I do n't think it can shred at specified capacity and I would n't shred more than a 2-3 sheets max . # 3 - It is out to either burn down my house or shred my fingers . It does n't happen often enough for me to return it and be confident they 'll see it and honor the warranty but once I came into the house hearing it running and it was obviously w/o any paper and all clean and running very hot . And while I keep it in off mode when not in use since then , I forgot to do that at least once and got shocked when it just came on when I was in the room . I also worry that I may accidentally forget to turn it off again and either have it running hot again or worse yet have it come on when cleaning/emptying it . The second one at office has the same # 1 and # 2 issues but no problems w / the automatic feature . p.s. Amazon 's tag suggests `` a great safe shredder '' . Mine is n't , also just noticed the same problem reported by another user . .
 It 's a little hard to load , does n't seem to shred significant amounts at a time and struggles with any kind of thickness . It seems to take awhile to load it manually . It does shred , but I do n't think I 'd recommend this to anyone .
 The top portion , the shredder itself , is very well designed , but the bucket is made of a flimsy plastic that is hardly able to hold the heavy top . If I could rate the parts separately , I would give 5 stars for the top and -3 points for the bucket . If it was not for the desperate desire to cut manufacturing costs -LSB- Fellowes , why not to try using a paper bucket next ? -RSB- , it could have been a great shredder . Unfortunately , the product overall is not worth its shipping price , not to mention the $ 100 + price tag .
 As the title of my review says , I think this is the best shredder I 've ever owned , while it lasted.I bought this in September 2010 . Less than two years later , the sensor was broken and the shredder would n't turn off on its own.I first noticed something was wrong when , every so often , I would hear a sound elsewhere in the house that I could n't identify . It eventually happened while I was present . The shredder would spontaneously start shredding , all on its own , usually for about five seconds . Then it would stop.The first thing I did , of course , was to clean off the sensor area . This shredder uses an optical sensor , so , if any paper dust gets between the emitter and the sensor , the shredder turns on . Cleaning it solved the problem , for a while.Eventually , however , it got to the point where not even cleaning it worked ! The shredder kept turning itself on and off , on and off.And finally , the sensor switch died altogether . So now the unit WILL NOT turn itself off ! As long as it 's turned on , it continues to shred nonstop.Now I have to keep it turned off all the time . I can no longer just reach over and shred things . I have get up , turn it on , stand there while it shreds , and turn it off . That probably sounds like not such a big deal , UNLESS , like me , you are disabled!I 'm extremely disappointed in this unit ! With such a strong , heavy motor , it should have lasted at least a decade . Instead , the sensor broke in less than two years . While the motor still continues to work fine , for the price of this unit , having the sensor die in such a short time is completely unacceptable !
 I am writing this review several months after purchase . It has been about ten months . The shredder is now turning on by itself . We cleaned it , oiled it and checked sensors . Not only does it turn on by itself but it starts to smoke . Boottom line is , its now garbage .
 Ran like a charm until 20 months later from purchase when the motor ceased on us . This unit carries a one year warranty on the parts of the unit . Since the unit does not engage at all , Fellowes indicated that there is something wrong with the PC board of the unit . The PC board for this unit would cost with shipping/handling
 After reading all these `` rave '' reviews of this shredder , I decided to go ahead and buy it . Boy , was I disappointed . Why ? 1 . The shredder itself is VERY heavy and buckles the flimsy plastic basket assembly below .2 . It shreds very slowly .3 . It can only handle approximately 8 pages at a time .4 . It jams fairly easily .5 . It jammed with the first DVD I shredded . The second DVD shredded fine .6 . The basket is small and the shredded material is very messy -LRB- contains paper dust -RRB- . It seems like the blades are not too sharp because the shredded pieces have a very rough texture.That said , I would NOT recommend this shredder .
 I bought this hoping to get a durable product . I was tired of buying shredders that needed to be replaced after just a short time.This product is NOT what I was hoping for.First the automatic shutoff quit working . Now I have to turn this on and off by hand . Only a hassle , but I just spent almost $ 200 on this.Next one of the tiny , ` sturdy plastic ' pins that hold the safety shutoff in place broke . Now I have a manual operation , no safety feature $ 200 shredder.Ah , but I have a 5 year warranty . Well that only covers the cutter . The only hefty piece of metal in the whole thing . What about the rest ? You know , all the plastic bits ? Too bad . Thanks for the $ 180 ! Guess you ca n't wait to buy another one!Attempts to get help from Fellowes has been frustrating and pointless . A typical automated email response provides a link to a webpage where you can , wait for it ... Send another email ! I hate companies that work this hard to be customer impervious . Please do n't make us angry , just do n't bother.When I broke through to a human I was told that the part I needed is no longer available because ` this model is not available any longer ' . -LRB- This as of 1-20-2011 . -RRB- Funny thing , it 's still for sale on the Fellowes website . Ah , the simple expedient of lying to customers . Got ta love that time tested approach.Don ' t expect too much from the product for all the money and do n't expect anything as far as support for all the money.P.S . Do n't bother sharing any negative feedback on the fellowes.com website , they just delete the negative reviews !
 The case buckled under the weight of the shredder . I do n't recommend this item , regardless of how well it might shred .
 product was delivered broken & filthy both amazon & distributor lied about product.Amazon sold it as new & distributor said it was used.I am very disgusted with both I doubt i would ever use either again .
 I have owned this shredder for just over one year . A few months ago , the metal `` Safe Sense '' strip just inside the opening of the shredder started peeling back , making it difficult to feed paper in without wiggling it around . Fellowes customer service recommended super glue and tape.Shoddy construction . Shoddy customer service . I do n't recommend it at any price .
 The basket is made of CHEAP flexible plastic ... very cheap and flimsy for sure . The other major problem is that it states confetti , but the confetti is at least 1 1/2 '' long and 1/4 '' wide , which makes it very easy to read anything you shred including acct . numbers , or anything else . What 's the point of a shredder if it does n't protect the information you are trying people to keep from reading ? Do NOT buy this one for sure !!!!
 I had been toying with the idea to switch from my 2-sheet-at-a-time , over-the-wastebasket shredder for a while but was n't sure that a power shredder would really be any different . But this one is . Really much more powerful than my old one making shredding go quickly . Rarely jams , has never overheated . Shreds CDs and credit cards no problem.Update
 The Auto-On feature of this shredder should NOT be left on , or it will burn out . This is n't clear in the directions . A customer rep at Fellowes actually told me that leaving the shredder set to `` Auto-on '' is also a fire hazard . That is n't mentioned in the directions , either . I 'll steer clear of Fellowes next time ...
 This phone worked great for about three weeks , and then yesterday , the microphone on the speaker started to work flakily . It now works less than 25 % of the time , and will sometimes cut out in the middle of a call . Additionally , sometimes when I try dialing a number it does n't register the phone number and will eventually receive an off-the-hook signal . If I hang up and hit redial it will dial fine . The phone also does not have caller id which I would have expected on a phone for this price .
 I HAVE HAD TWO BOTTLES OF SUMO AND HAVE ONLY BEEN ABLE TO USE AROUND A QUARTER OF EACH AS IT DRIES / HARDENS IN ITS CONTAINER IN A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME . CALLED THE mANUFACTURER AND THEY SAID THEY INFORM RETAILERS TO REMOVE OLD STOCK BY DATE CODE OR CUSTOMERS MY GET A BOTTLE THAT IS NEAR ITS EXPIREATION DATE . BEWARE AS THIS COMPANY DOES NOT CARE .
 This wallet key hider is a great idea , especially for people like me who only carry 1-2 keys and do n't like carrying a separate keychain . Unfortunately , the Lucky Line Wallet Key Hider is made from a very brittle plastic . The three bands that hold up to two standard keys in place broke after only a couple of months usage . Lucky Line needs to mold these with a much more durable/flexible plastic or you 'll be replacing them all the time .
 Just want to let everyone who is interested in buying this product know that this is for 1 bubble mailer . THAT 'S IT ! It 's amazing that people can get away with this on here . Why would anyone in their right mind order this when they can order in bulk and have it average to about $ .12 a mailer or just buy one from the post office or Staples for under a dollar . Look at what they charge for the shipping ! How do they sleep at night ?
 At this price I expected at least a pack of 10 or 25 . But NO , it was just 1 . A massive rip off !
 I wish I would have read the reviews before I wasted $ 5.50 for ONE mailer ... I thought it was for a box of them . Amazon , I 've ordered from you the day you opened your online store and you should be ashamed of yourselves !!! It 'll cost me more to send the darn thing back so apparently I 'm stuck . VERY unhappy ... I wanted to have a box of these mailers to send items much needed to my sponsored child in Zambia , guess I 'll have to go buy them elsewhere . : -LRB-
 I guess i should have used my brain and read like i usually do but i only got 1 bubble mailer lol . $ 5 for that is ridiculous
 This is only for one mail . Shipping weight shows 1 pound and very little info available making it easy to think it is for a box since a mailer weighs less than an ounce and the average cost elsewhere for mailer is anywhere from 12 cents to 25 cents each . It is easy to make the mistake since this is the average price of a box . The description should be much clearer so people know they are getting one mailer for the price of a box elsewhere
 this is only for one mailer this is a rip off you can get this cheaper anywher do not get this
 If you want to spend all day trying to figure out the manual , you have come to the right system . I 'm still having a hard time looking for a 4 line phone that 's easy to install and easy to use . The panasonic that we had died on us 9 months into it . And that one was fine .
 Everything its detractors say is true . I 've had many phones in 37 years running a small business and this is by far the very worst one . The first unit I got completely quit working after just a few weeks . They sent me another one and did n't even want the defective one back ! The second unit was no better than the first - it wo n't hang up when a caller does n't leave a message and the resulting very loud beeping tone drives everyone insane . The phone does n't distinguish between messages on different lines . The sound quality is so muddy that people are constantly asking me to repeat myself . Setup is unnecessarily difficult . And the most ordinary everyday functions are needlessly hard to perform . I 'm investing in a whole new system and the AT&T 984 is going back to the store for a refund . No more AT&T products for me !
 There must be thousands of home businesses that need a two line corded phone with an answering machine , but this is not that phone and I have n't found any other either . I suggest reading the reviews of AT&T 964 all of which apply in my experience . The answering machine will only allow one outgoing announcement for all four lines . In other words , a call coming in on any of the four lines will get the same message when it reaches the answering machine . Worse if one is using one line , the answering machine will not pick up a call coming in on another line . This would n't be so bad except when one is using one line the ring on the other lines is so muted that it is easy to miss the ring . As others have noted sound quality can be either good or poor for unknown reasons . I gave the phone two stars because the phone has a nice feel and look and the ring tones are pleasant as are the pre-recorded messages and such . The dialing out tones are aversive and automatic dialing is really slow .
 The phone answering system has problems hanging up . So when people do not leave a message , you get a lot of messages from the phone company stating that `` please hang up and try to call again '' followed by a fast busy signal . This takes a couple of minutes . It 's not possible to receive incoming calls to the answering machine or call out from another phone on the same line while this is going on.I tried to resolve this problem with `` customer service '' but I gave up after a while . I just do n't have time to be on hold all day.Now the volume on the speaker phone goes to mute at random times . It 's very annoying . I have had this phone for less than a year . I made the mistake of buying ATT because I thought it was a good brand .
 We have been trying to get this system to work in our office for a couple of months . Tech support has been worthless . If you want to go out of business fast because no one can call you , get this system .
 Amazon must have sent a repackaged unit . The manual was missing , the transformer buzzed loudly . The answer system is useless , the computer appears to only be able to handle one line at a time . If a message is being left on one line the system wo n't pick up on another line . It used to be that AT&T made good phones but now they just resell junk . Needless to say I returned it and you may be getting this refurb , good Luck ; -RRB-
 My phone freezes , as if your computer screen would freeze . You ca n't do anything until you unplug the power cord , and remove the 9V battery . Once you replace the battery , and plug the power back in , you are fine , for around 48 hours . Why ca n't I find I a phone ?
 After much window shopping -LRB- research -RRB- I bought this chair two weeks ago and yesterday the thing fell apart while I was leaning back and watching a movie on my comp.Here is the problem , the back support is connected to the seat only by the two handle bars which are made of plastic . While I was leaning back , one of the handles literally cracked open at the junctions where the bottom -LRB- right side -RRB- two screws are . I fell back wards head first but luckily , my floor is carpetted and I did not hurt myself that much.The manufacturer rates this chair as big and tall -LRB- upto 250 pounds -RRB- and for 5 hours of daily usage . I weigh around 210 and I had been sitting on it for less than an hour when the incident happened.I am surely hoping to get my money back but the rest of you big and tall people beware .
 I got this chair because I spend a lot of time on front of my home computer and I wanted a roomy chair that would allow me to move around some . I am tall , six feet , but not big , 127 pounds , and I have had this chair for less than six months and the leather is falling apart and the stuffing is coming out of the seat . I do n't mind spending money to get a good chair but I can not afford to be buying two chairs a year at this price .
 I have owned this chair for about 9 months . The seat bottom has flattened out and has torn a bit -- I can see the polyfill inside . It is not particularly comfortable anymore . The chair also creaks a lot -LRB- as is typical with most inexpensive chairs -RRB- . It 's a lot of money for a chair that has the build quality of one of the cheapie leather chairs that can be had for under $ 50 . UPDATE
 This is a nice chair but has a very low weight limit to be classified a big and tall chair . Very misleading . I personally do not consider 250 lbs as big as that is my ideal weight . So buyer beware !
 My husband is the sole user . On day three of its arrival he inserted checks with the tab from the check book . It jammed and has not worked properly.The helpline suggested using shredder oil .
 Great shredder UNTIL IT BROKE ! I called customer service and they diagnosed the problem over the phone . Sold me a replacement gear set that will `` fix the problem '' . -LRB- My unit was 2 months outside of the warranty period . -RRB- When I took the unit apart to install the new gears I discovered the gears that were broken were not included in the replacement set . When I called back , I was told that the two gears that were broken in my unit were not available for purchase -LRB- since they never break , duh -RRB- . And to make it worse , since I had already installed the gears they sent me , I could not return them . So now I am out another -LSB- . . -RSB- .
 This is a bad mouse pad . It LOOKS great but it has a large point in the center in the crest of the wave where it does n't respond and it 's hard to get precise movements out of it . It 's good for large movements around the edges of the pad , but if I were shopping for pads , and I knew about this one I 'd spend some extra money on a different one . Try to get a better mouse pad than this .
 My last organizer is a Sharp . I LOVE it . But of course it 's not available anymore . Because you ca n't really see how this product actually works I thought it should be about the same . The main thing I needed was to organize my schedule and where my old YO-520 exceeded , this EL-6930 failed . It 's probably wonderful for keeping your contact info but not for my purposes . I was very disappointed .
 The OZ-290HII works as a PDA but I tried several times on 2 different computers running Win98 to get the USB connection to work . And I can use a USB keyboard , a USB optical mouse , a USB cable for my digital camera , ect.The software installs okay , but it never seems to find a port to use on the USB cable . So IMHO basically this PDA is worthless to anyone who wants to share data with the desktop pc . Maybe it will work on XP or Vista but I definitely can NOT get a USB connection via Win98 2nd edition.Next time I 'll get a PDA with wireless and USB connections , just so I have a better chance of bring data into my pc .
 I purchased a Sharp Wizard Organizer , & found it to be very difficult to read . The writing is very dark & even when you use the very little lighted back area , it 's still almost impossible to read at night.Dr . Marvin Handler
 I purchased this PDA new and with in 1 week the time was off -LRB- new batteries also -RRB- the alarm only worked part of the time , so it was useless to me being that the reason for purchasing it was to remind me of meetings and appointments . I did like the case design but trying to figure out how to make everything work is somewhat difficult and I am usually good with electronics . I ca n't imagine someone with a limited skill with electronics trying to make this work without using the manual constantly . I have read where there is a problem linking it to your computer but I never tried it before sending it back and buying a Palm . I thought I could save some money and get by with this one but no chance . So my recommendation would be to spend the extra money and get one that 's been proven to work well .
 I used to have the original model of this PDA and used it primarily to set up categories in the Memo section for shopping , etc. , then made lists that I could take to the stores to use . Very handy . No little hand-written notes swimming in my bag ... . This new model lacks both backspace and return functions , which are very important in keyboarding ! It is impossible to make lists in the Memo function of this PDA . Overall , I found the product to be clunky and unintuitive . Anyone want mine ?? : -RRB-
 I am very sorry to say that this light attractive electronic organizer looks good but stopped working after ONLY THREE -LRB- 3 -RRB- DAYS !!! The unit was in the `` protective '' carrycase when I accidentally dropped it from a height of TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- feet . I thought nothing of it until the next time I needed the unit . Half the screen was blank and could not be restored . It is very inexpensive and it appears to LIVE DOWN to the price .
 The Sharp OZ-290 has a sleek appearance and is n't too difficult to find and use all of it 's functions even without the manual but the excitement ends there.With a 2 X 2.5 inch screen containing 5 lines of user data and 5 lines reserved for data input and function selection , the user needs good eyes and a steady hand to make data input ; especially the ten fixed symbol options at screen bottom . I suppose data input is going to be tedious on any personal organizer that does n't have an extensive keypad.The OZ-290 allows backlight adjustment and has a real button to illuminate the LCD . You can set the time allowed for this lighting from 10 to 30 seconds to conserve the life of the twin nitride batteries supplied with the unit . Contrast ranges from 1-8 . I only found the highest setting to be useful and still struggled to see clearly at times in directional lighting from windows.Things like the date format and memory testing / usage are also part of the Menu configuration as well as the PC/LINK and key tone on/off toggles.Getting back to screen and symbol sizes , even with my magnifier enabling me to see the symbols adequately , I still poked the wrong onscreen selection frequently or failed to hit anything at all . Of particular difficulty was the bottom line with ten narrow selections . That 's when the thought of a real paper pad rather than this virtual device might be a more logical solution to memory aid . The omission of the anemic -LRB- 2 -RRB- games option and the redundant enter button would give a wider and easier to see and useful area for the remaining functions.The left 15 % of the data screen is wasted in my opinion with a blank space and then a solid block to show the user that s/he is viewing entered data . This adds to word wrap that for some reason seems to put one or two characters on a line all bit itself making for a messy display . I think this is probably characteristic with these devices though . Still , I wish I had that 15 % available for real data.There is some provision to edit the field data names but for the most part you are obligated to at least pass over some n/a fields of data input . It is a little reminiscent of a US government 1040 tax form wasting the preparer 's time with generic lines of questions which do not relate.The software that comes on a CD and RS-232 9 pin serial port connector cable are both outdated accessories . The OZ-290 / ZQ-290II Desktop Utilities software assumes the user has MS Outlook -LRB- not Outlook Express -RRB- and is all but useless without it . What you are left with is the ability to back up and restore the six individual data features , one-at-a-time ! Owners may be left with the question of why not have the ability to backup / restore all of the stored data at once.What 's worse is after the PC software is installed and self-starts when you boot your PC 's operating system , you are presented with the communication port selection query again . Something that should be remembered and tested without prompting . The really annoying thing though is the box that reminds me that Outlook could not be found -- each and every time.At about $ 30 the OZ-290 is n't a big waste of money and some may even find it a reasonable investment but cheaper less known brands have similar features and interface with your PC . My advice is to either go real cheap or search for a better unit with up-to-date software and perhaps a USB connection .
 This product performs as expected for the money , I guess , but it has some limitations that do n't fulfill my needs.-The screen is hard to read in any light.-Takes too many steps to input data.-There is no way to input weekly/monthly repeating items on the calendar without putting them in one by one.-I wanted to keep track of a shopping list but was limited to 96 characters in the memo feature.-I have Outlook Express and presume that it will not be compatible.-The cover flips open nicely but would prefer one that locks shut.I was hoping to use this as a phone book/calendar/note pad that I take with me everywhere but will probably be back to my old wall calendar , post-it notes , and paper phone list in a month or so . I just bought this unit yesterday and am still learning about it so with time I may find other features to overcome my misgivings.Wish I had done better research before I bought this and then I would have bought one that better suits my needs .
 I bought this to keep up with my college assignments and work schedule . It is n't very useful because when you enter a `` To Do '' item for a day , it will only show it to you for that day . I either had to enter the assignment for every day which is a lot of hassle or remember that my 10 pg research paper is due 12/5 -LRB- Is n't that the reason I bought it ? -RRB- It could work for people who have tasks/appointments that only require 1 day 's notice , but for students who have several long term projects , it is a waste of money .
 The screen is hard to see in many daylight conditions and the screen backlight does not help.In expense mode your memo has to be very brief.There are way to many steps to learn to us this in various modes.I had a Sharp yo 370 with a keyboard for 12 years until it went bad and liked very much . No comparison in ease of use between the two and the info you could enter in expense mode.I will be looking for a keyboard organizer again soon .
 I got this for $ 15 as an upgrade to my $ 5 Royal . I realize that it 's not a PDA but I expected more , much more.Pro : - nice looks - backlit - multiple way to hit Enter - nice sleeve - nice looking monthly calendar - standard software sync -LRB- e.g. MS Outlook -RRB- - quick startup/shutdownCon : - clunky input interface -LRB- similiar to cheaper models -RRB- - The 5-line display sounded great until I started using it . What a waste of realty , especially when the scheduler is used where half of these lines are filled with useless info such as Alarm and Reminder -LRB- end time is questionable -RRB- . Meeting subject/topic is no where to be found in the front page . - It works OK as a standalone unit but functions poorly when sync ` ed up to a PC . Sync SW is deficient is every way . Data ca n't go both ways . Either does n't load or loaded more than once . If set up going one way , ca n't change on the fly . - everything else
 I bought this so called Wizard Organizer and used this for one day and without any hesitation I returned . This is my frank advise to anyone who is looking for a PDA . Add some more money and buy some thing which is worth . It is very difficult to understand the function . Secondly it is not at all user friendly and screen does n't look good at all . Happy surfing for a better organizer !!!! Vinu VarughesePhiladelphia
 i bought this organizer cos i saw the previous reviews saying its cheap and good but it really sucks when i first used it . the touchscreen of the organizer isnt sensitive and too hard to key in the alphabets i want . second , the word structure on the screen is arranged in an awful and confusing way and its hard to read what u have just written . i seriously dont recomend this product to anyone .
 After trying for 4 hours -LRB- 2 by me , 2 by a very technical person -RRB- we simply can not get the Outlook synchronization to work . We 've tried both XP and Win2000 . The sync software did n't recognize Outlook being installed on the XP machine at all , so we exported my Contacts file and imported it back onto a Win2000 machine . This time it recognized that Outlook was installed , but it still would not sync with the Contacts file . The sync software has instructions that do n't mesh with the organizer -LRB- such as telling me to `` Tap Menu '' to synchronize , but there 's no button at all called `` Menu '' -RRB- . Altogether a collossal waste of time and money .
 I ordered this because the description was just what I was looking for . The price was very reasonable and I was not concerned with the fact it had been refurbished.Fist the batteries were dead and it took some time to locate the correct batteries . Second the screen was defective . The right side of the screen had no display . I tried the touch screen on the right and it worked so I tried to reload the software . The USB cable was so old my computer did not recognize it was attached.I am grateful I was working with a professional seller . First he offered my money back or a replacement . I chose the replacement . He sent the replacement quickly , but the replacement had the same problems.I would never buy another sharp product again .
 Take care in purchasing the factory refurbished , although they look new they may still be unuseable .
 I would never recommend this product . It was ridiculously difficult to work , and took me about a month to become familiar with this pocket organizer . I find it much easier , faster , and much more simple to just use my phone to keep my contacts and appointments . The SHARP WIZARD OZ-290HII was not worth the money . After about a year now , using it on and off in month-long intervals , ONLY HALF OF THE SCREEN WORKS . I can not understand , or see anything on it anymore . I checked to make sure it was not near any magnets , and I have never dropped it . I do not have kids , and I was the only one using the device . No one could have accidently , or purposely , done this . I tried replacing the batteries , and that was a failed attempt at reviving my pocket organizer . I am considering buying a new one , maybe a PDA instead . I would definitly spend more money elsewhere , than waste it on this terrible product .
 I returned this product within a week of receiving it because every time I tried to save a contact , the device froze .
 I bought this to replace an older sharp organizer . I liked the old one a lot , but the lines of resoluations were starting to disappear so I order another sharp . The style is different from my old one , this one has a stylus.The new one is hard to use , the display is hard to read and the user instructions tend to leave out some major details which case some frustrations with trying to set up the organizer . I had to call Sharp and they even told me some of the insturction manuals for this model wereincomplete . I will keep it only because I need something to put all my phone numbers into . But I do n't see this becoming something I will use everyday .
 After hours of trying everything in the manual , online and customer support I am still unbale to link this device to my computer . Without Outlook one can not view a schedule , you can only set an alarm . Not very useful to a busy mom . I was really looking for a way to keep up my calendar . It is nice looking and I am sure if I could link it it may even be a good electronic calendar . I guess the bottom line is - you get what you pay for ... I will try to unload mine at a garage sale
 The Sharp OZ-290H is inexpensive , and that is the only good thing about it . The size of the print on the screen is too large to allow me to view an entire name and phone number or an entire address together . The screen is cluttered and not easy to read . The navigation is awkward and clumsy . The cover is a piece of cheap molded plastic.This is not the inexpensive replacement for address book / calculator / calendar that PDA 's originally promised to be .
 BEWARE - When I ordered this product on Amazon.com , TigerDirect actually was the seller , and they billed me the amount indicated , but shipped me a lower version of the model than advertised . I was shipped an OZ-290 , not an OZ-290H . The model shipped to me does not have the health functions such as the pedometer and the calorie function . When I called customer support at TigerDirect they did tell me that I could return the item for a full refund , but that the item I thought I was ordering was more expensive and they could n't do an exchange . TigerDirect claims this site is mis-linked . Beware that if you purchase this product you are actually buying an OZ-290 without the pedometer and calorie functions.Otherwise , if you are looking for a simple electronic organizer that does the job , and you do n't mind investing a nominal amount of extra time to learn how to use this organizer , over an easier to use Palm Pilot , and you do n't want the pedometer/calorie counting functions , the Sony OZ-290 is a good buy . But I would go someplace else before buying from TigerDirect again .
 This organizer is a waste of money . I bought it for my teenage daughter . We both found it so clunky to use that it just sits in the drawer . Each entry takes 3-5 steps , reviewing data is even more ridiculous . HUGE waste of money ... spend the extra bucks on a low-end PALM .
 Do not waste your money on this nonsense ! I want to believe that it might have been the software that was the problem , but even with saying that this organizer was a total waste of money and time .
 Waste of money broke when i got it because 500 pound cousin sat on it
 This is the worst Organizer I 've ever had or laid eyes on . I messed with the USB connection for hours , and the bottom line is , `` It does n't work very often ! '' `` IF '' you are lucky enough to establish a USB connection , you can import or export csv files without using Outlook . However , be warned that your USB connection can , and probably will , be lost in the middle of the transfer.I did n't save my Sharp packaging , but I will try to return it anyway . I will NEVER buy another Sharp electronic device after the experience with this one.Shop around , find something that works . Your time is more valuable than messing with this Sharp `` DIS-organizer . ''
 Well , technically , it does everything it says it does . but data entry is awkward , having to toggle between the `` calculator '' screen for numbers and the alpha screen for letters , and then going to a whole other screen for symbols . For the reminder section , I can not turn off the alarm for my entry 's . Takes me an average of 4 times to input any one entry.Pedometer is great , but the clip of the case is n't great , and keeps unhooking from my belt . plus it counts normal movement such as lifting the unit as a step , so not entirely accurate.Overall , this takes so long to use , it was a waste of my money and I find myself reverting to the post-it method of remembering things .
 If you are looking for an organizer do NOT buy this . It takes for ever to enter information into it and there are no helpful features that help you repeat calander entries . The calander only holds one scheduled event a day . As for birthdays you can also hold only one per day.If you only want a spanish/engilsh translator , buy this . If you want a `` personal organizer '' I highly suggest you do some more research and get something that will be useful to you .
 I bought this item thinking it would be great but it really is n't . I generally use the `` Phonebook '' Feature but you ca n't fit much on one line , plus it looks awful once you save it - you have to go back in and edit it a lot in order to make it look presentable . My game feature did n't work at all and the screen is really difficult to use - I had to tap certain letters several times before they would come up . The only thing it really has going for it is style but that alone is not worth it . I would not recomend it at all .
 I purchased one organizer , not expecting much due to the price , but I only need a simple calendar/phone book . For some reason , two of them were shipped to me . I was getting ready to return one right away and my husband jokingly said `` maybe they shipped you two because they know it 's not going to work anyway . `` I inserted the batteries and pressed the reset button , just as the instructions state in the user 's guide . Nothing happened -- no power . So , then I tried to install the desktop manager on my laptop and it would n't install ; I kept getting an error message and it would immediately exit the install.So , I opened up shipment number two . Again , it would n't power up and I could not install the desktop manager . I know it 's not a problem with my laptop -- I am able to install other programs . I went out and purchased two new batteries , thinking that the store in NJ sent dead batteries to me . Again , it would not power on even with new batteries installed.Even if I were to get this device working , this is a really bad indication of the reliability of the product . I did n't expect much , but I at least expected power . I am definitely returning both of them and will go to an actual electronics store to purchase a real organizer .
 This is junk , really . It does not cost much but it 's an waste of money anyway . The battery is almost dead . The functions are very primitive and not very convenient to input . I bought it because I wanted to learn how to use this kind of thing so I spent my money only because of that . But if you want a real thing , do n't buy it .
 Very unreliable ! I had three of them . All died within a month from the date of purchase , so I had them replaced twice and finally lost my money . It is cheap , but steel does not worth it 's price !
 I bought this Peerless plasma stand for my new Panasonic 42 '' Plasma . The description did n't explain that the stand requires an `` adapter plate '' for most plasma TVs . I spent a morning getting all of the wiring setup , cleared the spot for the TV and assembled the stand . Only then did I learn that I would need a special Peerless adapter plate . Buying this adapter plate will cost another $ 80 , including shipping.The bottom line is that I would n't have bought this stand if I knew an additional plate was required to attach the TV .
 I bought this pen and when sent to Montblanc for repair , the truth came out that Jomashop is not an authorized dealer . The pen in itself is great and love it . Infact , after talking to Montblanc customer service they mentioned that Jomashop has been warned many times and legal case is on them for selling unauthorized way . It is ` what you pay is what you get ' . Buy from an authorized dealer and you will get your moneys worth . Take from experience that it is not worth it.-Reggie
 Looks like used And have a damage or defect of manufactured.I 'm confused And i want To know if this product is original.Tomorrow I 'll visit the local store of Mont Blanc To confirm the garranty And the originally.I talk To You soon
 Bought this for a trip to Italy . Tried to translate words seen in stores , on menus , train station signs etc. . This thing was horrible . It does not work for Italian and I suspect it would be equally bad for all languages . Very disappointed .
 I like the colors and the package arrived timely and well packaged . My only problem is that the paper does n't cut well . I thought maybe I needed a new blade in my cutter , changed it , still tore when cut . I have 2 different brand cutters , both tear the paper . I thought maybe I was doing something wrong and asked my friend to try on both her cutter and mine , tore every time . So if you think that you may have to trim this paper to a smaller size or shape , do n't get it . I ended up hand trimming the little jagged pieces off and just do n't use it if I need something small . Wo n't buy again .
 I have owned one of these pencils and although they are pretty on the outside , it will break . When it breaks , you are on your own . They are not like Cross Pens -- the manufacturer WILL BILL YOU for repairs , and it will not be inexpensive . I carried Cross pens for years , they fixed them for free and completely stood behind their product . After fixing this pencil twice , and paying for it each time , I have decided to go back to a Cross product . These may be attractive looking -- but it is only skin deep .
 After reading all the flowery reviews , I was determined to own a Montblanc pen . It has such a long and astonishing reputation , that I am now equivocal about writing something negative with regards to this pen.For $ 225 I do n't see much of difference from this Montblanc from a Waterman for half the price . Nor do I see much difference from this Montblanc as compared to a good Cross pen . It 's not a particularly weighty pen , nor does it feel like it glides over paper likepremier ice skater over ice.It feels rather ordinary rather than divine . I do not think I would purchase this pen again for this price tag . I 'm glad I got one , but I do n't think that I will own another in the near future.That 's just my take on it and hopefully my review wo n't be torn to shredsby angry Montblanc enthusiasts .
 I have a hard time believing most of these reviews are honest and serious . This pen does n't write any better than the other over $ 5 ballpoints I 've used . The long , flowery descriptions of how it writes and how important it will make you feel when you write a check have come out of the marketing brochures . Unfortunately , the pen writes like most `` good '' ballpoints - that is , those which cost more than $ 5 . Yes , it performs better than a free Bic stolen from a doctor 's office , but does n't touch the performance of something like the Fisher Space Pen . I ended up throwing away the skippy MB refills and using a Fisher Space Pen refill . This worked fine until the plastic -LRB- yes , plastic - not `` precious resin '' -RRB- cracked . To their credit , MB did repair it , but at some expense.When it was out for repair , I started using the Fisher Space Pen refills in another pen , a much cheaper pen . Needless to say , a Mont Blanc refill feels * exactly the same * whether I 'm using it in the Classique or in a $ 10 pen - same goes for the Space Pen refill . The MB did n't magically make it write any better than the refill would manage on its own . Judging by many of the angry reviews , some people were suckered into thinking that would.Bottom line ? Dollar for dollar , this is one of the worst values in pen history . It does n't feel or write 10 times as well as a $ 10 pen , let alone 10 times as well as a $ 30 pen.My recommendation : Get It if : - you want a bit of pocket jewlery to impress a lawyer or colleague who is clueless about fine pens , get this pen . - you want a pen that writes as well as a Parker Jotter -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- , feels good in the hand , and allows you to waste an extra $ 300Skip It if : - if you want a good value on a well-built , well-writing fine pen - you want a best-in-class pen that will beat out other options that cost the same or less - you want a pen to impress a real connoisseur of fine writing instruments ; this is a mere Rolex knock-off to someone who really knows their luxury watches
 i buy one montblanc pen meisterstuck classic and the store sent me a fake item . . ! with the help of Amazon garantie the amount paid me back .
 I ordered ball point pen , but received a roller ball . It 's a fake ! Do n't order from them .
 While the pen write well and looks good , it is essentially an overpriced status symbol . The bottom line is they do not last , and there is no lifetime guarantee . I have owned 2 -LRB- received as gifts -RRB- , and both of them fell apart after a few years of limited , light use . To get them repaired you have to mail them in and pay for the repair . I would not recommend these pens .
 I placed an order with this company based on the belief that the product was in stock . However , 10 days after the order was placed I discovered that the item had not been shipped , because it was not in stock . The Montblanc pen that was suppose to arrive for my brother 's 50th birthday will not be coming from this company because they canceled the order when I asked for compensation -LRB- a 10 % discount -RRB- for the late delivery . As a half hearted gesture I was offered a $ 5.00 gift certificate for my next order with them . No chance of that ever happening .
 The alleged Mont Blanc pen that I bought was a total fake . I bought it for my Dad 's birthday , and I received it and everything seemed OK . He took it to the Mont Blanc store to get it engraved , and they identified the pen as a fake . They said it was an excellent fake , but fake nonetheless . Do n't be fooled by this vendor .
 I dropped pen and it broke . Was told to bring to local dealer . Dropped off , was told delivered in week to home . Week passed called local office , was told would call back with info of status . Never called . Called 800-995-4810 customer service have not heard back after 24hrs . $ 385.00 for plastic pen with $ 12.00 refill ?
 I got this pen for my husband and now I am almost ashamed to give it to him !!! It looks and feels like an imitation , like a cheap pen . And it dod n't help the fact that it is sent in a VERY cheap box !!! You can buy any pen for $ 60 and will write the same or better ... . BUT wo n't look cheap .
 Non existent customer service , pen not weighted the same as my old Monte Blanc Classique - a little concerned at authenticity , but ca n't speak to seller - they do n't reply . .
 I thought the MOH400 was a cool way to show people how important I am -LRB- or at least make them think that -RRB- . The description makes the device sound as a God send to add professional sounding recordings to your phone when you put people on hold . What they DID N'T tell you was that your computer MUST be on 24x7 in order for everything to work correctly and that you MUST run the software continuously -LRB- or at least when you are on the phone and want to put someone on hold -RRB- . Other than that it works like a charm . Just not at all what I expected ...
 The recorder above would be perfect if I wanted it for my phone system , however , I need a recorder with which I can tape music accompaniments . At one time I had a portable tape recorder/radio that did a quite acceptable job but it was damaged in a fire and I can not find a replacement . I 'm not sure whether this is the place to even ask it they are available anymore . If you can help me I would be grateful .
 This rock key hider does one little good unless you happen tobe carrying around a screwdriver ; that 's right , the key is obtainable only by unsrewing the plastic on the bottom side of the rock . Oh , and did I mention that the rock looks as phony as a three dollar bill?Why did n't they simply make the slot-a slide version-a complete waste of money .
 I have been waiting for products like these to come out for a while . I have 3 kids that are always fighting for time on the computer so they can chat with friends . I read the reviews on this and think that several of the other reviewers see similar things and would be intersted in what else is out there . I did not buy this unit but I think others may be interested why . I looked very closely at the IM Free and decided against it for the following reasons :1 . Tetherred connection due to required base station - What good is this unit when you take it out of the house and do n't have a computer with an available port -LRB- that must be powered up -RRB- to connect it to ? Would n't a better name be `` IM Tethered '' or `` Nearly Free '' ? ; - -RRB- 2 . AOL IM exclusive .3 . Charge time as seen in other reviews .4 . Range - up to 150 ' is not sufficient .5 . Why would 5 kids in the same house want to IM eachother instead of talking ??? I understand that siblings may not want to talk to eachother ;--RRB- , but if my kids have their friends over they are n't going to all plug in and chat with eachother.I wanted a truly wireless IM device that my kids could use not just at home , but everywhere we go that has wireless available . I also wo n't pay a monthly service fee - ie . Ogo ! A unit was just released recently at Target.com does exactly this ! It 's called Zipit by K-Byte and is featured on their -LRB- Target -RRB- electronics page , it 's also here on Amazon but Target has an exclusive on it so they are the ones that ship it - search for `` Zipit Wireless '' . Same price as the IM Free , but in my opinion way better . I just recently got a Zipit and it performs as advertised . True wireless and no fee ! It 's smaller and clearly more portable ; plus it has a built in firewall . Only down side is no backlit LCD but that is no different than the IM Free . It 's the same price too - $ 99 and there are 5 or 6 colors to choose from so my kids wo n't be fighting over which unit is theirs ! Before you buy an IM device , I 'd give a long hard look at the Zipit , all you need is a wireless internet connection . I love it already and will be ordering more for my other 2 kids . I have also heard that the Zipit will have an online upgrade available that will add mp3 downstreaming . I left a review for the Zipit on that page in Amazon .
 Our ImFree did not work ... so I sent it back . I was only refunded the purchase price ... I was charged $ 7.99 for shipping to me ... and then another $ 5.96 to ship it back ... they did not refund my shipping costs ... I spent $ $ 13.95 for NOTHING !!! it did not work ... it 's not like I just wanted to return the product because I did not like it ... it would not charge or turn on !!
 I purchased a couple of these for my kids for Christmas , 2003 . According to the tech specs , the transmission range for these things is 120 to 150 feet.The units we received indicate ` out of range ' when taken upstairs in our house , which is about 50 feet from the base unit.I used Motorola 's web support site and asked if it was possible that my units were defective . They sent me the URL to an FAQ , which told me that the working range for these things is 150 feet . Very frustrating . It seems they did not even read my question . To add insult to injury , their automated customer satisfaction followup email was emblazoned with the motto ` intelligence everywhere ' . I beg to differ.In summary , I do not recommend the IMfree .
 Other than its somewhat-cute looks , the IMFree handheld is a terrible product , because it does n't work . This is a big disappointment to me as I 'm usually a big fan of Motorola 's products.First of all , the charging takes forever , and the units seem to have trouble holding the charge . BTW , you get one base and one handheld unit in each package . Kinda weird since I have n't found a way to buy the handheld unit separately . So you over-pay each time and get this large package with things you do n't need.Second , wireless range is truly terrible . If you live in a loft you 'll probably be ok , but for those of us who live in walled houses , the reception completely drops after just a few feet when you move to the otherside of a wall.Third , the keyboard sucks , and the screen sucks even more . Keys are very hard to hit , and the screen is not viewable in most lighting conditions.Fourth , the IM program sucks . There 's a slight but noticeable delay in IM , and it does n't always tell you when your buddies log off.In short , this is an alpha product , and you should n't have to pay for your frustrations .
 Dear Lord , first of all for the record this thing sucks . It takes over 16 hours to charge the battery . It took twice as long for me because the charger for mine was irregular and did not fit correctly so it would occasionaly stop charging all together . -LRB- Way to go Motorola -RRB- Second , after using it a grand total of 2 times it stopped working all together . It simply did not turn on . Even during those two times it was a poor substitute for a computer . The lighting is poor and frankly the black and gray graphics are crappy . I did n't expect this to be perfect but I did expect it to be functional . I was going to return it for a new one but after this experience I am going to get a refund instead . Also as teenager this device is marketed towards me . However if this is what Motorola thinks I and my peers want they are sorely mistaken . First of all , this handheld needs a backlight and color screen . Also it is extremely annoying that u have to have the computer on the whole time . I have DSL so the computer just sits there the whole time . I would not mind paying extra for these features .
 This case does not hold the cards securely . The slots for the cards are too loose and the cards fall out easily . They will stay inside the case until you open it . Open carefully because the cards will come tumbling out .
 Looks great and very sturdy , but the clasp does not hold well . It easily comes open and the cards can fall out . I asked for a refund same day I received it .
 I bought 2 of these units and they have been a real disappointment . EVERY TIME I open the metal case , I find that most all of my SD cards are loose and sliding around .
 This looks like an excellent case and would be if the snap-lock closure worked properly . The item I received immediately popped open again after I closed it shut . Even after tinkering , I could n't get the case to close properly and finally gave up , using a rubber band to keep the case shut.It would also be nice if the case could be fastened -LRB- via clip -RRB- to other items . As it is , it tumbles around in my purse or camera bag and can be troublesome to find , not to mention that I 'm paranoid about it falling out and getting lost.I like the way the SD cards fit into the provided slots , but that 's about the only thing going for this case , in my view .
 The case is probably bomb proof -- very solid -- but will not secure the the memory cards . When opening to insert or extract a memory card be prepared to have the cards fall out . Otherwise it stores 8 cards .
 It 's made of aluminum not High-Impact plastic -LRB- I ca n't believe I fell for that one . -RRB- I would rather have had the plastic.The cheap aluminum shows fingerprints and dirt relentlessly . In a couple of weeks it will look terrible . It is also very slick with no real edges or grip points making it hard to open especially if it jams shut.Yes a moderate amount of pressure or a drop from 3 feet onto carpet will cause the thin aluminum to mis-align and jam shut . There is NO clasp to prevent jams . Only spring pressure to keep the clamshell closed.DOES NOT HOLD SD CARDS IN PLACEWorst of all multiple test drops from as low as ONE-FOOT onto carpet resulted in 2 to 3 of the four cards on top to pop out and slide around loose in the case . No hard use here , slip the case in your pants pocket , walk down the street or go up and down the stairs two or three times and you will have three or more cards loose and falling out if you do n't open it carefully.IN CONCLUSION : If I had wanted a box where 9 times out of 10 most of the cards would be bouncing around loose I would have purchased a cheap plastic case for .50 cents at the dollar store . -- Anybody want to buy mine , I 'll sell it cheap . ; - -RRB-
 I bought this fax machine `` used '' . It was described a `` very good `` It was CLEAN & UNSCRATCHED ... BUT ; It prints a strange message fromtime to time.The START BUTTONdoes not have a positive `` click or `` feel '' to it . It much slower thanmy other fax machine . Same modelUX-510-A . A lesson has been learned
 The chair is attractive and I am sure the fabric is durable . However , the seat cushion crushed and was uncomfortable within a few hours of use . The wood bar that extend across the front of the chair was also immediately uncomfortable .
 This is probably a fine label machine for most computrs , but it would n't work with my new Vista operating system.Brother 's customer service representative put forth great effort to do what was needed to make the driver function . After three phone sessions with Brother , the driver did work ; sort of . Yes the label printer worked , but then my printer/copier would n't . I suppose that I fiddled with it for over an hour by myself , and then almost that long in company with a Brother Tech Support person . I must say that the Brother telephone support people were really great . They seemed to know what they were talking agout . They were patient and really tried to get the thing working properly.After I found that what had been done for the Brother machine messed up the operation of my Canon printer/copier I decided enough was enough , and the label printer is now landfill somewhere .
 The printer , itself , is OK . The problem is the software that you need to use it . The P-Touch software is poorly written for anything but the most basic printing jobs . Then there are it 's incompatability issues with Windows OS -LRB- as well as Mac , apparently ... -RRB- I run Windows XP pro , and for some reason -LRB- automatic updates ??? -RRB- , the P-touch software has stopped working in conjunction with MS Outlook -LRB- where my addresses reside -RRB- . Brother support was also not helpful . Be prepared to invest time in learning this misbegotten software and then eventually hit a dead end and wonder why you ever thought that this device would make things easier !!!
 I have generally been quite satisfied with Brother products but I do not consider the QL-500 to be very Macintosh friendly , at least not for my intended use . I wanted it for personal use in printing address and shipping labels using my AddressBook . It is really designed to use in conjunction with it 's own application , P-touch Editor.I experienced problems registering with Brother and used a chat session to do so . While I was there , I asked about what applications worked with the printer . He gave me a link which listed several PC applications and stated that Brother had nothing to do with them . Try this link for more info
 I purchased this machine based on the reviews of other Ebay sellers on Amazon who seem to be using it successfully to print shipping labels as I do . It was fairly straightforward to set it up and install the software , but then when I went to try to print labels , there was no response . I tried for an hour on my own to try to make it work with no luck , so then I phoned Brother technical support . I talked to them for another hour , and we went through every possible issue that could be causing the problem , with no resolution . The indicator light on the front of the printer was continuously blinking and the technician said that , barring any other issue , this indicated a `` communication problem '' with the computer . He recommended I return the printer and exchange it for a new one , which I did -LRB- Amazon graciously offered me a replacement with 1-day shipping -RRB- . The new printer arrived today and I set it up fairly easily as with the first . This one had no problems printing and worked fine printing custom labels from Brother 's `` Editor '' software , however setting it up to work with EBay and Paypal was an absolute nightmare.Although this seems to be a shipping label printer that many , many Ebay sellers are using successfully , there are no instructions anywhere -LRB- in the manual , on Ebay , on Paypal , on Brother website -RRB- for setting this up . My shipping labels were printing all chopped up on approximately 20 feet of tape at a time . I thought it might be the browser I was using -LRB- Chrome -RRB- , so I tried Internet Explorer - no change . I tried and checked every conceivable setting , from Paypal 's Shipping Preferences to every logical print set-up dialogue box option I could think of . I changed the default settings for the QL-500 under Control Panel/Printers so that it would match the exact size label I was using -LRB- the recommended DK-2205 -RRB- . I saw on the Internet that you need to have an updated version of Java Runtime Environment on your computer , so I downloaded that and restarted , but no change.I called Brother again and they were very firm that they do no offer support for Ebay/Paypal shipping labels because `` that software belongs to them and its their proprietary system . '' Fair enough . I tried calling Ebay -LRB- twice -RRB- and both times I struck out . They wanted to help but they had no information -LRB- actually , the first person I spoke with promised to email me instructions , but then never did -RRB- . I tried PayPal and again , sympathetic , but no information . Both Ebay and Paypal recommend I talk to Brother , and of course Brother insisted I talk with them ... So after about six frustrating hours of my life that I will never get back , I am finally giving up and returning the second printer and the labels I bought to go with it . Cudos to Amazon for having such hassle-free customer service when it comes to returns . Two thumbs down for Brother , Ebay and Paypal for support.I am giving this machine two stars because it is compact , convenient and handy for label printing - just not for the purpose I had intended .
 UPDATE -LRB- June ' 08 -RRB-
 From a hardware perspective , this label printer is great.The software , however , is horrible -LRB- 0 stars would be too much -RRB- . If you print a foreign address label from Outlook , which should look like thisJim DoeForeign street 11234 AB SomewhereInHollandNetherlandsP-touch will format this asJim DoeForeign street 1SomewhereInHolland , 1234 ABNo country name ; and ignores the proper placement of the zip code.This should be so easy to program properly -- Outook has a propery MailingAdress which takes care of the proper formatting of international addresses .
 I bought this phone because i need my hands free as i roam around the building -LRB- small church -RRB- . I did much research on the web and in consumer reports to find a good portable phone w/out an answering machine for a good price . Uniden is pretty good but it seems digital tech . in phones just is n't perfected yet ... at least for the $ 30-40 shoppers . The clarity was ok , some people still told me that i sounded like i was in a closet when speaking to them ... but i use an over-the-ear piece so that may be the problem ... not the phone . One thing is clear though , it cut out when i went to our lower floor towards the two ends of the building . Major static and the phone could n't connect even after trying the connection again . My old RadioShack 900 mhz worked fine , so i returned this , went back to Uniden products , bought a 900mhz from them , went downstairs with it , same problem . Looks like i 'll be returning that too . Oh yeah , do n't get a 2.4 Ghz phones if you plan on talking while your microwave is going ... it will most likely interfere with your 2.4 phone and the phone will only work if your about 50 or more feet from the microwave while it 's operating . I 'm back to my 900mhz . It may feel like a brick but it takes the calls ... even outside in the parking lot ! Sorry Uniden .
 Poor quality , damaged started slowly as the weeks passed . In three months the phone was out of action . Has many interesting features but not recommended at all . Awarded more than one star because I can still speak from the base .
 This could be the perfect set of telephones . I am going to be honest . I do n't know maybe I have just had problems with this brand because this is not the only set of Uniden phones that did not work for me . First of all , the features are excellent . Some are more neccessary for the average person than others , but all are cool . It is also a great value for the price . I think that this is one of the best deals that I have seen in cordless telephones . The main problem for me was interference . The static was minimal with most of the household electronics , but then it went up to very irritating if I used the dishwasher , dryer , or washing machine . I do n't mean if I was standing next to these things . It did n't matter where I was in my 1010 square foot apartment . I know that the area is small for most of you , but the size should not matter for an item that you need to use everyday . Well , that is not the worst part . The kicker is that the static got so heavy with the microwave being on that the person talking to you no longer could hear your voice . I confess that I have a very powerful microwave , but that should not matter when it has no effect on my old vtech phone . Regardless , like I said , this is not the only one of the Uniden cordless phones that have not worked for me , but according to the reviews they apparently work for some . For those who would like to know , the other phones were the Uniden DXI5586-2 5.8 ghz . The main problems with those were constant static that increased with the air conditioner being on and sudden hang ups . Yes , you could be hee hawing and then it is just silent . Maybe Uniden and I are just not meant to be .
 Sound quality has been OK with this phone , but not really better than any others I 've tried.One major problem is that when someone calls you long-distance and you want to call them back from the Caller-ID listing , this phone does not allow you to easily add a `` 1 '' before you dial . Instead it lists it like 456-450-5015 . When I dial , I get the standard phone company message saying I need to dial the 1 first . Most phones come with a `` format '' button that allows you to add the 1 automatically before you dial out.If this was n't bad enough , when you go to store a LD number in the phonebook , it also does not add the 1 and in fact you can not even scroll over to the left to add the 1 . Instead you have to delete the number and then re-enter it with the 1 , so you pretty much have to either write the number down or memorize it . This completely defeats the purpose of the `` Store Number '' feature . Very annoying . How could Uniden not know about dialing 1 for long-distance ? A big miss for Quality Control.Also , the handsets are much too small . It is impossible to keep the handset against my ear with my shoulder for any amount of time.Uniden and the phone companies had better get their act together or everyone is going to move to Skype or other VoIP services .
 The phone was a great purchase for the price . The one big glitch is that the phone is so small and the `` off '' button is the wrong place . When I move by head to my shoulder to hold the phone , I disconnect the person I am on with!M . Shoemaker is right on in saying there is a glitch with the `` 1 '' not being available on caller ID . Luckily , I do n't make many long distant calls from this phone !
 After twelve months of normal household use , two of the three handsets no longer work . Specifically , the ` dial ' / ` answer ' button is almost impossible to depress . So I 'm left with one functional phone and the answering machine . I do n't think that $ 70 for one year 's use is good value .
 Bought this less that a year ago for my mother who is 98 . Lt lasted less than a year before it stopped working . Seems like a defective product to me .
 I ordered this phone for my 90 year old mother . Took Amazon over one week to send it out with supersaver free shipping . When I opened tha package it was perfectly obvious that some other Amazon customer returned this and Amazon simply re sold it to me . If I want used electronics I will go to a flee market ! The phone is dead and I 'm returning it to Amazon . I think they shoud refund shipping plus hassle fee but I doubt it .
 We purchased this telephone for its features . My mother has trouble seeing and hearing . The big , programmable buttons worked good . The boost button helped her hear those folks that called.We purchased the first telephone last Fall -- the hand set failed after approximately 5 months.Since she liked the telphone 's features , we purchased her another one . That unit failed within 2 weeks !! People on the other end of the line either ca n't hear you at all , or just faintly . And this is with the boost on !! Very disappointed !!
 The state has provided this phone for my 82 year old mother . It appears to be the perfect phone . The buttons are easy to see and use . The tone and volume buttons have a loud back ground noise and the switches do break easily . Mom has had 3 in the last 3 years . I am searching for another more liable phone .
 I ordered this for my parents . It looked like the perfect answer for them , big buttons , adjustable volume . I received it and tried it out at my house where it worked perfectly . I preprogrammed the keys , made a fancy photo template and inserted it , then packaged it up and mailed it off to my folks . I had a trip planned to visit them two weeks later , so they left it sitting there waiting for me to arrive and install it . Two weeks later , when I arrived , I hooked it up and it worked for a little while , then it stopped working . I fiddled with the wires and it hissed and crackled , worked a bit , then quit , worked and quit . After some more fiddling I figured out that the switch-hook on the phone was not working correctly . I would lift the handset , then touch the switch-hook and it would stop working , then touch the switch-hook again and it would start working . Something was definitely wrong with the switch-hook inside the phone . I disassembled the unit all the way down to the circuit board . Hey , I 'm an engineer , if it needs a little soldering I am up to the job . But I found that the switch-hook component itself was defective . It would sometimes work , but then quit when I barely touched it , or tapped it on the side , then another tap and it would hiss and crackle and sometime start working again.Overall , this is a disappointing product . At the price it was n't worth mailing it back home so that I could then prepare the paperwork and re-mail it back for refund . We just threw the thing away and got a big button phone from the local Radio Shack . If it breaks my parents can take it back .
 We are so unhappy with this phone , that we are sending it back and taking a loss . We bought this phone for its amplifier mode for my older Mom who has trouble hearing . However when you pick up the hand piece , each time you have to press the amplifier button to amplify the sound . An older person does not understand to do this . I wish they had verified this in the discription , so I would of purchased a different phone , and I would not be taking a loss right now , due to Amazon.com 30 day return policy . Needless to say , in the future we need better descriptions of the products .
 I bought this phone for my father who has the first stages of Alzheimer 's . Upon receiving , I could not get the phone to work . Called Clarity support and first thing they ask me is if I have analog or a digital phone lines coming into the house . I had no idea . They told me to call the phone company and if it turned out to be digital , the phone would not work . After going through a long drawn out process with the phone company , I was told my area was still on the analog system.I got back in touch with Clarity told them I was indeed analog . I then had to go through a few checking points with them . They then decided the phone muct be defective and since it was now over 30 days , I would have to mail it out to their service center . It cost me $ 20.00 dollars to send in for repair . It has now been three weeks and I still have not received my phone.What a hassle ! There has to be something better out there ! Save your money and do better research than I did .
 I got this and set it up for my friends grandmother . It worked great and she loved it for about 30 days then it just quit working . It will receive incoming calls but the button do not work so it will not dial out .
 We loved this phone at first because it simplified the dialing process and we can tell our elderly mother to `` Push the blue button '' to raise the volume . After a while , though , the phone started losing volume and getting very quiet some time into the call . Customer service was helpful , sending another one free of charge . After a couple of months , the new one is starting to do the same thing . I 'm giving up and going to find a different product and manufacturer .
 I was very excited about this purchase . My mother has Alzheimer 's / Dementia and is not able to use her telephone to dial out . I live in another state . She is currently still living in her own home . I received the phone , set it up with all the pictures and phone numbers except for one which I still needed to get . I unplugged the phone waited for the new number . When I received the new number I put it in the phone and was all ready to send it out to my mother but decided to test the numbers to make sure they were all working properly . THEY WERE ALL GONE !!! As soon as you unplug this phone for the phone jack the numbers are eliminated . Soooooooooo , I ca n't set the phone up for her without being there . If the power goes out -LRB- which in her area happens quite often -RRB- she looses the information again . Essentially this phone it USELESS . I was very disappointed and got on-line only to find out that none of these phones have a memory card that stores the phone numbers once they have been input . Now I am stuck with a useless phone !!!!!! and my mother can not make any outgoing calls .
 Both the ringer volume and the handset volume are adjustable . So far , so good . However , the ringer volume adjustment permits you to adjust the volume from extremely jarring to fire-alarm levels . My mother has difficulty understanding conversations because of the lack of clarity of nearly all phones -LRB- why ca n't phone manufactuers put a few more cents into the speaker instead of loading on so many features that you can hardly figure out how to use the phone ? Another stupidity -RRB- . This phone does indeed have better clarity than your average phone . Amplification however is no better than the ` high ' setting on a normal phone . I would recommend one of the higher amplification models of this phone IF you or your loved one is so hard of hearing that they can bear the over-loud and extremely jarring sound of the ringer.I called the company incidentally and discovered that Clarity/Ameriphone makes 30 phones for the hearing impaired . EVERY one of them has the same , excessively loud ringer , they advised me . My mother takes a few rings before she can pick up the phone . I ca n't in good conscience subject her to this phone 's ringer . -LRB- I do n't want to give her a heart-attack when I give her a call -RRB- What stupid engineering ! I have to confess to being really angry right now about this stupidity . It would be so easy to remedy this situation - after all , there is a ringer adjustment ; only problem is there is no moderate level . Unfortunately , I have to return this phone . Be advised .
 The photo speed-buttons are a great idea . But the buttons should accommodate larger photos for visually impaired users . Also the amplification on this model is too weak for someone with moderate hearing loss ; the P400 model would be more suitable for those users . Some manufacturer is going to figure all this out some day . Maybe they will get real smart and combine it with speaker-phone -LRB- feedback challenges -RRB- and answering machine features -- even cordless for facilities that are not conveniently wired . GizmosForLife was great about returning the unit .
 The phone seems cheaply made and flimsey . The sound -LRB- why I bought it -RRB- is not good and it did not have much amplification .
 I regret getting this phone for my mom . She has dementia and is confused enough as it is to have to deal with this thing not working . Many times since we first got the phone , the voice fades away . At first I thought it was my mom pulling it away from her ear , but since it has happened to me I know that it is the equipment . I can not hear her and she can not hear me . If you are going to make phones to help people , at least make sure they work and do not cause additional unnecessary stress on people that have enough to deal with .
 The short version :1 -RRB- Phone is limited to 16 digits for the memory buttons . This is prevents most long distance codes from being used . These are exactly the long numbers we bought the phone to help with .2 -RRB- The large keypad buttons and the amplifier work well but the amplifier must be pressed on with every call . A safety feature I suppose but more reaching and pressing for the user .3 -RRB- The memory buttons under the pictures require too much force in specific locations . They are not easy for some to use . If you are standing over the phone they may be ok but reaching to the phone from a chair does n't work well . Hard to press ; Hard to know if its pressed only once . Very Poor design for the intended audience . ----------------------------------------------- I recently purchased a P300 phone for my 100 year old father in law . He uses a long distance service that requires 7 digits be entered prior to a long distance number . This service is fairly common among the elderly in my brief survey.With 7 service digits , a pause , and 10 digit phone number , 18 digits are needed per memory location for one button dialing of a long distance number . The P300 apparently only supports 16 . Neither their web site , spec sheet , or user manual describes this limitation . In a call to customer service I learned of the limit and I was told that the XL50 or XL40 would not have that limitation . While Customer Service was pleasant their information on the XL40 and XL50 also appears to be wrong.The XL50 again does n't specify a limitation that I can find on the web site , spec sheet , or user manual.The XL40 does n't indicate any limits in the spec sheet but the user manual states only 15 digits can be programmed.Amerphone / Clarity should update their literature -LRB- or better yet update their product ! -RRB- to indicate this limitation so that users will not purchase inappropriate products nor spend hours trying to make them do things they are unable . For a product targeted to the elderly this is a an unreasonable limitation that severely restricts the intended use for a large number of potential users .
 This phone was purchased for someone in a nursing home . The materials are cheap and would not hold up for someone with vision and dexterity problem.It was almost impossible to set up . The booklet fails to mention that you need batteries and even when you figure it out , there was no way to know if you need four or two batteries ! The batteries slip in the case and the lid did not hold them firmly . As a result , you can not program the phone.Since I was past the month to return , I am stuck with a costly phone that does not work . DO NOt buy this for the elderly .
 Bought October 3rd and it stopped working last week and I tossed it in the trash . Hand set quit working and it would not retain stored phone numbers . You get what you pay for and this is a waste of money !
 I purchased this phone / dialer for my 90-year old Mother . She has dementia and does not hear very well . She therefore can not dial long phone numbers . The problem with this dialer is that the 1-button dial buttons are difficult to push , to actuate the dialing process . Therefore , I returned this unit for a full refund and ordered another dialer from QVC . The QVC dialer is much , much easier to push and it has a clean click when pressed .
 Nice phone , but , when I programmed numbers into the phone , the memory would not hold them . Thus , the phone is totally useless because it was purchased solely for this feature . I registered the product online and wrote the company as the phone should 've been covered under warranty . Thus far , no response from the ocmpany . A total waste of money as my mom ca n't call me by pushing one button as was the goal with the purchase . Very , very disappointing experience and purchase .
 This is the second phone that I have bought from you because it has the features I want but the construction quality is very poor.The keys used to stick on the first one I bought , and the ringer stopped ringing about a month after I bought it .
 Overall my experience with this mouse pad is very disappointing . I had this mouse pad for more than a month and my experience with it is average to very poor . The only positive is it is a very sturdy mouse pad . I have used an optical mouse and a laser mouse on this mouse pad . Both were manufactured by Microsoft . The optical mouse works ok on this mouse pad but the laser mouse -LRB- micro -RRB- does not work at all . Although I have not tested mice from other manufacturers , I believe this is something new buyers should be aware of before they spend any money on this good looking mouse pad .
 over sized and fairly noisy makes this a paper shredder you should probably pass on .
 This toy stopped working almost immediately . The locking mechanism is of inferior quality . I bought two and they were opened two times before the combination knob fell completely off one , and would not work on the other . The keys would not open either box after this either . If it were made well , it would be a wonderful toy , but as it is , it only frustrates .
 When I received this safe , first I was surprised how small it really was - even though I knew by the description it was going to be small . I opened the box and took out the shiny red steel safe and looked for the key to open it or the ` combination ' . The keys were inside the locked safe and there were no written instructions on how to open it or a ` combination ' anywhere . Since I was rushed to wrap it , I e-mailed customer service for the company to find out how to open it so that I would know when my son unwrapped this gift . Customer service e-mailed back promptly and told me to set the combination to 20 and turn the key-which was still locked INSIDE the safe . The metal slide knob to open it did not work and so I ended up forcing it open to get the keys out . When I did , it still did not work with the keys , combination or anything other than force . It is cheap and I am probably not going to give it to my son because it is frustrating to try to pry open and not worth the effort .
 I have never written a review before , but I wanted to warn people against using this product . The lock for this product is made extremely poorly . By the second time I used it the key and lock broke and I had to trash the item . I bought this for my children to keep their allowance money in and it was a waste of money .
 This Cash Box has a major lock problem.The key lock does not even lock just the code lock and is easy to break into . NO directions which is stupid.Looks nice but does not hold many storage items.Don ' t waste your money !!
 i had one of these as a kid and lasted for years . grandma got one for my son , and he loved it . unfortunately , the dial broke pretty quickly . it 's too bad , because he really loved it . now looking for a different box he can lock his treasures in away from his younger brother .
 This was a big disapointment on my sons sixth birthday . He loves keys and locks so much that we bought him this . The toy is worthless because the key does n't work . The combination opens on 5 but they do n't have a visible number on the lock so you can see the number . So my six year old has a hard time with the tiny hash marks that he has to count . He has n't played with it , just begged me to fix the key . Do n't buy this .
 Cute , but does n't stay locked . Using both combination lock and key lock , box can be opened with ease . Will not recommend if looking for secure locking box .
 This item is just too flimsy . Hinges and lock are under par . Bought it for a 5 year old child , but ended up buying a sturdier version from another source .
 Bought two for Christmas . One arrived with a broken handle . One arrived with the `` cash box '' sign on the front falling off . Neither works particularly well , as the lock sticks and we often have trouble helping our kids open them . The kids are not able to open them without help . Wish I had inspected them before Christmas Eve -- they would have gone back .
 I purchase a toner cartridge to put on the shelf when I install a new toner cartridge , so that I will never run out of toner . I purchased this toner cartridge from Amazon.com seller Databazaar . When it came time to install this cartridge , it was defective . It prints , but the print is very dim . The cartridge I replaced had a darker print , even when it was running out of toner . I contacted Databazaar and was told it was past the 30 days and so my only recourse was to contact Xerox . Just be aware of this if you are not using right away .
 I bought five uniden headsets and , less than a year later , three consistently fail -LRB- i.e. , disconnect , immediately run out of power though they 've been charged for hours -RRB- . I 'm really disappointed with these phones and wo n't buy uniden again .
 The Panasonic `` Compact Fax and Digital Answering System -LRB- KX-FP145 -RRB- is defective and your supplier - Shoplet - refuses to replace same with a unit which works . Spent two hours on the phone with a Panasonic Tech . Rep.who could not fix the unit 's deficiency -LRB- extremely light printing image -RRB- . She advised I return the unit to the supplier who - presumably - would send me a replacement . Shoplet advised they would not cooperate as it was ten days beyond their shipping date -LRB- April 7 , 2009 -RRB- so I am stuck with a defective unit . Please advise .
 this item never was able to record incoming messages , panasonic would not honor the 90 day warranty that was supposed to be included . i faxed panasonic the warranty that was included with the unit and they said that that warranty was for a product , telephone , that had been discontinued in 1999 ! basically the warranty is worthless
 My pen arrived to my home dead/dry but the company i ordered from gladly give me my refund so im happy it was easily obtained otherwise im sure this product would have worked
 You might as well use a piece of a plastic bag to connect points . Tried every way I could to get it to be conductive . drawing a line on a circuit board and letting it dry , drawing a line and baking it as directed to `` cure it '' I even tried to see if it was conductive little copper circle to little copper circle on a board with the copper on it.It may work for itty-bitty breaks on a drefroster on your back window , but as for it being some way of conducting from point A to B forget it.I can not believe I wasted my money , could have bought 3 spools of 22 gauge wire for less @ Radio Shack for the price of basically nothing . Just a bag of `` magic beans '' when it comes to living up to description .
 I bought this to repair broken traces on a printed circuit board . The board has tiny copper traces that rather close together . Some of them are not continuous and need a conductive pen or similar to complete the connections . This pen fails at making this kind of repair . It has a tiny ball at the end that you press to allow the silver conductive fluid to flow . The problem is I could find no way to press lightly enough to allow a very thin stream of conductive fluid to flow . Instead , I get big pools of the stuff which goes all over the circuit . Fortunately , it can be cleaned up with solvent , but I do n't see how anyone could draw a straight line with this pen , much less a delicate repair to a circuit .
 I was hoping to draw the majority of the circuit I was making to connect 50 LEDs in parallel on an unprinted circuit board . The connections worked okay , but the further the LEDs were from the power source , the dimmer they got . There must be too much filler between the silver particles increasing the resistance . Probably okay for patching broken connections , but do n't count on making a whole circuit from it .
 The blue marker from Quartet is not entirely erasable , even using the fluid . A smudged , faded image remains even after trying hard to erase . This is extremely disappointing .
 You do your measurements , drill 4 holes , stick 4 anchors in , only to find that the screws go right through the anchor .
 While this board erases pretty easily , it has fallen off of the wall numerous times . I am not sure whether it was damaged during shipping or not , but it seems to be a little bit bent and falls off of the wall almost every time I have tried to write on it . Also , the tray for the markers falls off very easily . The worst part of this board is that the dry erase surface is not attached flat to the back , aluminum surface making it difficult to write on as it is uneven .
 The packaging uses a glue that can not be easily removed from the whiteboard . Definitely a candidate for the Darwin Award . The whiteboard comes pre-ruined because of this glue . Smart move , Quartet .
 I ordered the Fellowes Workstation two tray system as was illustrated . Instead of getting two trays as illustrated I got only one tray which defeated my purpose for buying it . I specifically wanted a two tray system for my purpose . The adv did not say it was for only one tray only . And besides , similar single tray adv was available at a lower price which I avoided because it would n't have served my purpose . I have numerous other style trays so I would n't have acquired more single trays if I was n't misled .
 I agree with the previous post - I did not get the indication that I was getting only one tray , and I would not have gotten this particular tray either had I realized that I was only getting a single tray . The description or picture for this product should be modified , in my opinion . The product itself seems sturdy - however if you use the feet things for the purpose of being footpads ; they do not snap in place on the bottom side ; which could be a pain if you have to move the tray - especially with full hands . I could see me trying to set the tray down with one of the foot tabs dangling - and making me set it down crooked and my papers going EVERYWHERE ... but , that is just me .
 In recent years Wilson Jones pads have degraded in quality with respect to the binding of the pages ; consequently , when tearing off a page the edge with the prepunched holes often rips , rendering the page useless . The binding is too tight . This is a problem with other vendors as well .
 we use this copier in a dental office 3 days a week and with normal usage it goes through $ 132 cartridges of toner in about 45 days-even when it is on it 's `` toner saver '' setting . that 's a lot of toner and money . spend a little more on your copier , because what little you save at first , you end up spending over and over and over again every 45 days .
 My office recently purchased this copy machine . After 2 months of use the paper started to jam every other copy . When I called for service I got a HUGE run around and finally took it back to the store where it was purchased . They helped me figure out the problem and showed me how to `` fix '' it . It is a very temporary solution and I have to `` fix '' it every 3rd time I use the copier . For the money I spent , I would buy something else !
 This paper is great for high-end , large-format printing , but the first third of the paper can not be used because of poor packaging that damages the edges of the paper . I 've purchased at least 20 rolls of this paper , and it 's always the same . There are plastic end caps that get hit in the box during shipping and handling , and as a result the end caps make indentations on the edges of the paper . You need to unroll at least a third of the roll to get past the damaged edges , so you lose a ton of paper , and money , of course . Now , if you do n't need to use the full 42-inch width , you 'll be fine because you can just trim the dings off the edges of the paper . However , if you want to use the full width of the paper with large-format prints , you will have trouble .
 My big issue is with the spine ; it separates from the binding too easily . I am only half-way through my current notebook and have had to tape the binding in place .
 I ordered a Wilson Jones Minutes book that said `` with sheets '' the only paper it had was a seperation paper that said front and back , NO LOOSE LEAF ! . I did order , with the same order , extra paper because I knew that I would eventually need more . I was charged shipping and handling for both products , each mailed seperately , making them excessive in price . The paper is not as thick as the paper I currently have and it was not in a Wilson Jones Box making it suspect to quality . I will be more careful in the future and learned my lesson .
 Very poor quality . Phone is broken after 2 months , could not dial out .
 Product works , but not very well . The strapping is thin and does not grab well . I would return it but I am too late . My bad !
 I 've tried these cable ties and they stink . The Velcro-like hooks and loops are tiny , which is why you get so many on a roll . But those tiny hooks and loops just do n't hold . You might think you get a lot for your money , but I recommend the heavier colored Velcro cable/wire ties . I have them on power cords , network wires , and equipment wires in my lab . They 're easy to use and the colors let me code the types of wires I have bundled . Buy these dinky ties and you 'll want a refund . I just threw a roll in the trash .
 I purchased a couple of these at the same time and all of them sucked . about 80 % of them broke when trying to tighten them .
 The ties work OK for a small number of cables at a time . The loop at the end is weak and can break if you pull too tight . The material is kind of cheap but functional if you are careful .
 I received one tiny 4oz bottle of glue for $ 8 in big box . Not a package of 8 as stated in the discription . Big Ripoff ... have contacted them repeatedly and have gotten no reply ... waste of time and money .
 For goodness sakes , do n't get anything this cheap and non-serviceable . I made the mistake and it 's a classic mistake . At some point cheap stuff is completely worthless.Where in a home does a burglar first go ? According to police statistics , they first go to your bedroom closet . They 're looking for jewelry , cash or anything of fungible value . So get a decent enough looking cash box to give the thief something to find.If you get something halfway realistic , it can be your decoy . It will tell you if somebody busted it open or took it , and you 'll know an intruder was looking for valuables . This decoy system should be just a small part of your protection plan . If items were stolen , you 'll know sooner and file a timely police report.Put some metal things in it , perhaps lots of pennies , and some papers and anything else you can think of . Hide it in your bedroom closet so that it can be found.For locking up things of value when you 're not home , you might consider a site box . For locking up real wealth , a safe or safe deposit box in a bank vault seems the only way to go . Here 's a link to a site box : Jobox 48 '' Long Heavy-Duty Steel Chest With Site-Vault -LRB- tm -RRB- Security System 1-654990 .
 this phone is really bad as a WALL phone . the hand set BARELY stays on . its not secure at all . a strong breeze will knock the hand set over . but its good for a desk top because u wont have that issue . the phone sounds clear .
 I purchased a roll of `` Do it '' packing tape and it 's the most awful tape I 've ever used . It 's extremely thin , tears easily and I actually have the roll coming up and over the top of the tape cutter in order to use it . Frugal person that I am , I am determined to use it up and I ca n't wait for that to happen . I 'll be more careful the next time I purchase packing tape to check what brand it is . I do not recommend this tape at all .
 Complaints that I am hard to hear when I am talking very loud into the handset . I can barely hear anyone on speakerphone even when the volume is on as loud as possible - Disapointing .
 I 've had the phone several years , and I still ca n't figure out how to shut off the annoying beeps that sound every time I lift the handset or punch the speaker button . I found a reference on an ATT site that says `` This means your Telezapper is working . '' Well , I do n't own a Telezapper -LRB- which is supposed to be an external piece of technology -RRB- . And I really do n't care for the beeps.Does anyone know how to make them stop ? If not , I 'm going to chuck this phone and go back to Panasonic .
 I purchased this product from an Amazon vendor . Upon receipt I installed the product only to discover that it did not work .
 The add says espresso . The phone box says espresso . The phone is black . Called J&R . All phones that are marked espresso are black . I have not used the phone so I ca n't evaluate the quality but , for reasons on my own I needed a brown phone . J&R were fair in handling the matter . J&R said that they are changing the ad .
 The spring loaded button that allows you to raise or lower a pc screen does n't work very well but it does easily swivel from side to side . It will securely hold a decent sized monitor . I attached mine to a work station using screws driven directly into the wood .
 Installed two of these via a through desk mount -LRB- not the clamp -RRB- . Adjusting the arms is n't quick as it 's difficult to reach and change the adjustment points while holding the monitor in position -LRB- recommend having someone else helping out with this -RRB- . My issue was that regardless of how I adjusted them , I could not get two monitors to line up with each other . There was always at least a 1.5 '' vertical difference between the two . Would probably be fine if you 're using a single monitor . I ended up returning them . Really appreciate Amazon 's return policy ! Kudos to Amazon .
 I bought this arm because it was very affordable and it 's weight limit was well above the weight of my LCD . Out of the box one of the adjusting screws was so tight I twisted the metal wrench included trying to loosen it and stripped out the screw head when I tried loosening it with a power screwdriver . It was still usable so I decided to keep itAfter only 2 weeks of use it could no longer sustain the weight of my LCD screen no matter how much I tightened it , and my screen is is a full 5 pounds less than the advertised weight limit !!
 I was excited to receive and install the Neo-Flex and initially delighted with it . It 's well-constructed and fairly easy to install.But after using it for three weeks , I have a major complaint
 BROKEN ARM WHICH IS UNACCEPTABLE . BROKEN ARM WHICH IS UNACCEPTABLE ! BROKEN ARM . UNACCEPTABLE . BROKEN ARM . UNACCEPTABLE . BROKEN ARM . UNACCEPTABLE . BROKEN ARM . UNACCEPTABLE . BROKEN ARM . UNACCEPTABLE . BROKEN ARM . UNACCEPTABLE .
 To stop the monitor from drooping and suddenly dropping during use , I 've had to tighten the bolts so tight with the allen wrench that theyre beginning to strip . I 'm assuming they 're going to need further adjustment as time goes by , from the monitor weight and rotation use . It 's probably only a matter of time before they 're stripped beyond usability , and I 'll have to exchange it for another one.It also did n't come with long enough screws to fit the back of my monitor , so I had to buy some longer ones . Not that big of a deal in itself , but overall this product does n't work as well as I 'd hoped .
 I bought this arm extension to be able to adjust the monitor in a proper position and to move it out of my way if I do n't need it . The device is made out of solid metal and looks nice . However if you are planing to have an arm extension that allows you to move the monitor around , this is not for you . I think it is intend to be in a fixed position and then it is fine.For me it is not working . After a half week of using this extension moving the monitor in and out my way several times the day the screws are getting more and more loose and it 's just a matter of time till this thing falls apart.Also one of the plastic cable fixer broke the very first day . Regarding the extension height , I had set it to max to adjust it properly to my height . I mounted this device on my desk .
 If you need to put your monitor in one position and leave it there then this works great . If you only need push it back and pull it forward , then it will probably work ok . If you need to frequently raise , lower , tilt , or rotate your monitor , then look elsewhere . Raising and lowering is awkward , but workable . Tilting and rotating requires you to get out the allen wrench and loosen/tighten the joints every time . This is difficult to do by yourself and works a lot better if someone else can hold the monitor while you loosen/tighten the joints .
 I think mine was put together wrong because there is no way to adjust the outer arm , I tried to adjust it but it is pretty much locked in place . It has the style and look to be a nice arm but the fact it just does not adjust ruined it for me . If i was able to i would have returned it , but being out of the country i didnt have that luxury
 This seems well made but had two problems :1 . It requires a lot of clearance under the table so it can be properly clamped . It will work best with a simple table . Desks with features below the table top are a problem .2 . I could not get it to adjust height . I think the unit I received was defective , but there were no decent instructions with the unit .
 Only 2 stars because will not work as a laptop stand with the Neo-flex laptop holder.I have other Neo-Flex products . They have great quality . But this one will not articulate low enough to use with a notebook PC . But it would probably be good for use with a monitor .
 Even though this arm is rated to support 18 lbs , it wo n't support even the 20 '' aluminum Cinema Display which weighs 14 lbs . Rather than using a toothed hinge for the tilt axis , it uses cheap plastic washers so even though I 've tightened it so much that I 've stripped the allan bolt , the monitor still droops .
 Be aware before you by that this arm does not keep the monitor parallel when raising and lowering in contrast to other monitor arms . This has an unfortunate side effect that the axle at the end of the arm can end up at an angle where it has to fight gravity to keep the monitor up , which it is n't strong enough to do , so it flops over unless you align it perfectly.Basically speaking , when you raise the monitor , it is difficult to find a position where it wo n't flop over , and requires a minute or two of fiddling every time to find a stable configuration . If all you are doing is pushing the monitor back and forth on your desk then this might work for you . However , do n't expect to be able to raise it and lower it effortlessly . It 's a pain . The more expensive arms have this issue solved .
 This product seemed like it had all the features I was looking for and the reviews seemed pretty good , however it had an awful annoying echo sound whenever I talked on the phone . It also from time to time had static . I thought the echo sound was just on my end but the people on the other end of the phone coverstation said that I sounded like I was in a cave . I returned the product right away ! I 'm not sure if it was just the phone I got , but I would not recommend this product !
 Note
 First , I really wanted to love this phone . It had every single feature that I wanted , plus more.However , after about 3 months the button-wheel -LRB- not sure what to call it , the round selector thing in the middle -RRB- stopped working when I pressed up . Then a few days later it stopped working when I pressed down . Then it stopped working all together . This is a huge inconvenience.Then the same thing started to happen on the second one . As of right now , the only way I can view caller id numbers is from the base.So I called Uniden . The customer service rep I spoke with was very snide and rude . She told me that these phones needed to be rebooted frequently like a computer -LRB- which should not be the case with a phone -RRB- because its `` digital '' . We tried rebooting the handset , and it did not work . She told me they would send me new ones if I paid $ 10 in shipping in handling . I asked her how I would know the same thing would n't happen to the new phones -LRB- since it had happened to BOTH my handsets -RRB- and she said it would n't . I then asked her , well what if it does , and she said I would n't have to pay again if happened again , but after 6 months I would have to pay . I asked her why six months and she said , oh that 's just an `` example '' . I then asked to speak to a supervisor , and she said you do n't need to speak to a supervisor . I asked 4 more times to speak to a supervisor , and she flat out refused . I asked for her name , and she hung up on me.The ironic part , is that if my click button wheel was working , I could have recorded the call and let Uniden hear it . But ahhh , it does n't . At this point I do n't want to keep putting money into a lemon , -LRB- paying the $ 10 every few months -RRB- as I am convinced these phones putz out after a while . Not to mention , I am never buying a Uniden again because of the poor customer service.Don ' t let the features and brand name fool you . Buyer Beware
 After going on Uniden 's website and reading that this phone can be wall mounted , I bought it specifically to replace a wall phone in the kitchen . After attaching the adaptor , I found that the phone hangs at a 90 degree angle from the wall -LRB- i.e. , in the same position it would sit on a desk -RRB- ... a very awkward arrangement to say the least . While the wall mount design did n't work for me , the phone quality was excellent . Bottom line ... a very good phone , but do n't buy it if you want to mount it on the wall .
 I was very pleased with this phone at first ... however ... frequently , during a conversation the sound fades so severely that I could not hear the person on the other end of the phone . I contacted Uniden and they indicated that it was because the base was close to other electronics ... which it was n't . I have never had problems with a cordless phone before and I have had to end 3 conversations today because I could n't hear what was being said to me . I would not recommend this phone because of this problem .
 I 've had to return this phone several times . You can read about all the great stuff about this phone in other people 's reviews . My comments will focus on the problems I 've had . my first phone had issues with power loss . The handset would typically lose power and would not respond to any of the buttons . The only way to bring the handset back was to remove the battery and reset the handset . I returned this phone . My second phone had audio problems . The person on the other end could not hear my voice even though I could hear them . This would typically occur several minutes into a conversation for no reason . I took this phone back . My third phone has only a minor problem . The volume fluctuates between loud and soft . I 'm willing to live with this because I do n't want the hassle of returning yet another phone.If I were to buy a new phone , I would not buy this one and I would not recommend any of my friends or family to buy it either .
 I like the features of this phone . It is the second Uniden we have used - but the range is terrible . Our old 900MHz phones went from inside the house to outdoors by about 200 ' . This phone goes about 35 ' . I ca n't even get across the house even with line of site . The base stations are located in the same place in both cases . I had another Uniden with the same results.Today I went to the local Staples store and the sales guy told me that he has had a lot of Uniden 's returned for exactly this reason . He recommended ATT , VTECH or Panasonic . I did n't buy . I 'm looking for range comparison reviews on the web now . On the plus side the built in answering machine other features of the Uniden phones are excellent .
 when it works -- a great phone . Big problem -- when in conversation , lose volume almost completely on base handset . Uniden called 2 times -- tried system reset plus handset re-registration procedure . . still have problem.Handset is not anywhere near electronics or my pc/wi-fi hook-up . no solution in sight : -LRB-
 This is my 2nd set of Uniden cordless phones . 1st set died in 6 month , I thought it 's just my bad luck . Too much hassle to try to get it repaired , so bought a new set . This one lasted barely 3.5 month . Funny part is I never call out using my home phone , everything is done on cel , only thing the home phone ever used for is the answering machine . Yet , it still died . Some wierd error E4 on the answering machine , with this model you ca n't even reset it.To make matters worse , because it 's not even 4 month old , trying to do a repair . After 4 emails , and 50 + minutes of dull on-hold music , it 's time to just forget it and move on . Though this is the last time I 'm buying Uniden .
 Poor clarity , reception and enhanced caller ID does not work . When calling Uniden it states if this does not work I should purchase another type of telephone with a different code that may work .
 We 've been quite satisfied with a Uniden DCT 648 2.4 GHz for the last few years . We 've noticed a lot of interference when the microwave oven is in use but learned to work around that -LRB- shut off the microwave or call the person back -RRB- . Purchased a Netgear WGT624 wireless router after Thanksgiving and the 648 remote is now almost unusable due to interference.I read a lot of positive reviews about the TRU9485 so it seemed like a no brainer to buy one ... The 9485 has all of the features of the 648 and then some . Very satisfied with the sound and aesthetics . The phonebook allows two entries per name ... nice . No interference with either the microwave or router.Unfortunately , the signal starts to break up terribly if the handset is more than 30 feet away from the base . I had charged the batteries 24 hours before using . Both handsets exhibited the same problem so I thought that the base may be defective and returned the original system to Amazon . The replacement arrived within a couple of days , before I even returned the original -LRB- Thanks Amazon ! -RRB- . Same problem with the new system . I returned the system for a refund.I called Uniden Technical Support and they would not provide a minimum range from the base within which the handset is guaranteed to work.If you 're not going to use a handset greater than 30 feet from the base , then I highly recommend this phone/answering system . But due to the range limitation that I 've experienced , I ca n't give it more than 2 stars.I 'll be waiting for a DECT 6.0 equivalent of the TRU9485 . Hopefully Uniden will make one .
 They say it 's compatible . . well at first try , I charged it up overnight etc. then went to use it . The buzz/hum was SO bad I could barely hear the person on the other end and I had boxed it all up , ready to return it , but I gave customer service a call . It turns out that there is a ` code ' that one has to manually change/turn off the T-coil inside the phones to make them more ` compatible ' -LRB- i.e. get rid of the buzzing/hum -RRB- So I did that , and yes it did decrease the hum considerably , not completely gone but it did make a diff . Good I think . . that is until I made a call to test it , and the volume control went up . . as far as I could get it to go and it STILL was n't loud enough , and the hum is still in the background . < sigh > This really looked like a cool phone , liked the features and I have to return it .
 I really wanted to like this phone . It was easy to set-up . Easy to use . Answering machine is simple . BUT the reception on this phone was terrible for me . I moved the base around my house but still no good . I could n't even walk into my master bedroom without static and I do n't have a large house . I 'm returning it !
 This is my third set of wireless phones , the other sets died of natural and un-natural causes - I thought the higher gig range would make for better long range reception , but these are by far the worst of the lot . They do n't work in a two story house , and if outside , forget it . Even though I have invested in two bases and five handsets , now that I do n't need multi-line , I will be replacing these phones . Panasonic or Seimens were the better units .
 This phone is terrible ! Only had clear connection when near a base . Ring volume very low , even on high & had many complaints from callers-worst cordless phone ever had ! do n't buy !
 I have had many cordless phones and this is by far the worst cordless phone I have ever purchased . The phone works one day and not the next . I get `` OUT OR RANGE '' messages with the handheld just a few feet from the receiver . Numerous other unexplanable problems . There is a number to call for customer service , the problem is that so many calls are coming in you ca n't get through . It appears that Uniden is another victim of `` MADE IN CHINA . '' I ca n't return the phone to Amazon since returns must be made within ten days . The good news is that I did n't throw away the old system that it was supposed to replace . From now on I 'm sticking with Panasonic .
 I purchased this phone and it stopped functioning less than 2 days out of the box . The spare handset would n't register to the main base . After contacting Uniden and waiting 3 days for a reply their suggestion failed - I tried it 4 times . They then proceed to inform me that after paying the full price for the phone , that in order for the to fix their broken product I would have to pay $ 10 . It took more than a week to get to that point.There are lots of good reviews on this phone , but God help those who have to deal with Uniden . I would not recommend anyone buy this product .
 We rated this only 2 stars because of the range . We ca n't take the phone on our enclosed patio as the volume goes in and out . Otherwise we would have given 4 stars .
 This phone has been covered pretty well in the other reviews , so I 'll just highlight my negative aspect . Hearing the person you called . This phone consistently would `` drop out '' so you would miss 15 - 30 seconds of conversation . The other side could hear you just fine . I tried moving all around the house , same effect . I moved the base station , same effect . I reset the phone per Uniden 's direction on their web site , same effect . Bottom line
 I live in an area of the country that has very low humidity during the winter and so there is a great deal of static electricity . I have owned this phone for about a year and now that winter is here I am noticing a major engineering flaw and that is with static shocks . Even if the handset is in the base unit , any static shock will cause the handset to perform either a complete power-on reset or just interfere with the connection enough so that I can not answer the phone and miss the call . I have tried to remove the built up static charge on myself before touching the phone but that does n't work all of the time . No other device I own does this . Perhaps the next model will perform better in this regard ?
 These were great at first , but if you plan to use the functions , -LRB- ie . phonebook , caller id , anything with the arrows -RRB- do n't plan on using long . On all three of our handsets , the arrows just stopped working . I called Uniden and waited on hold for 31 mins . To which they say there is nothing they can do , we have to replace the units ourselves . Their warranty is only good for 12 months . So if you are 12 months and 1 day over , you are basically out of luck . BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Simply No excuse for the fact that the range on this unit is very poor.A voltage fluctuation burned the base-unit for my old Uniden set - not sure of the model # - but those came free with SunRocket in 2005 - so yes old - and with a stubby antenna on the handsets . But the old Unidens worked like a charm - no problems in any corner of our apartment - loved them.hence I went for Unidens again - hoping that the new model would be at least as good as the old ones if not better - but NO!There are lots of `` blank spots '' in our apt . where the reception just drops ... and even when I 'm in range - the sound clarity is suspect ... with occasional clicks and hisses.Not sure if we got a lemon - but definitely not happy!And not a biggie but it is sad that the voltage adapter for Uniden is only 120V compliant !!
 My husband and I have both been unhappy with our phone . First , it seems to be `` out of range '' at least once a week . This has even happened when we were about two feet away from the base . Quite frustrating to have the phone suddenly turn off on you . Next , the clarity is not that good . My husband hates it when I use them to talk to him at work because he ca n't hear me very well and says it sounds muffled . So , now we 're looking for a new phone .
 the phone and answering system works well and is easy to use but I am having a problem with handsets losing volume when in use . Without warning I will have periods of being unable to hear the caller . . the volume drops and I ca n't hear the person calling . Volume interruption is intermittent and does return to normal .
 One week after purchase , the product stopped working . We followed the manufacturers instructions and sent it to the repair center . We received in return a phone that was rebuilt . The original one year warranty was voided and a new 90 day warranty in its place . We only had the phone one week . This company evidently does not stand behind it 's product or services . DO NOT PURCHASE .
 The many people have given 5 star reviews must not live in a two story house . My base unit is in the computer room on the second floor and the hand set has trouble picking it up in the living room ... forget about going into the basement with it . Really a disappointment after reading others rave about it . Does have other nice features with the answering machine , et . al. , so I guess if range is n't a consideration you may want to give it a try .
 This cordless set is a pain - do n't get it ! One of the handsets fades in and out chronically . I can not conduct a decent phone call ! Of course , Amazon took forever so send it to me , so I could n't test it out and return them item for an exchange in time . : - -LRB-
 We bought four of these units for our home . After 6 months they need to be replaced . Heavy static and they need to be used right in front of the sender unit . We will never buy another Uniden product . I came on Amazon to order something different and our phones are heading for the trash .
 I gave one star , but I could give 0 . This is the worst phone that I have ever had . I paid 44 dollars at Walmart and I am going to return it , the volume is horrivel and it makes a very strange noise , definitily lost of time and money .
 Disappointed . At various times there is static on the phone . I mainly notice it when I go upstairs -LRB- the base is down stairs in the kitchen -RRB- . This should n't happen . For this price range , I really expected better . Never had this problem with my old Motorola cordless phone . Now I am wondering if I should buy something different .
 Nice attractive design . Can hear people good on it . my only complaint would be that it gets staticky two rooms away from the system . Otherwise , the battery holds charge well . No other complaintsUPDATE
 We have been using this phone system for a few weeks now . It works well enough in terms of an answering machine and phone in general . The sound is just okay , not particularly good . It was a refurbished phone , and it appeared just as good as new when we took it out of the package -LRB- I 've always had good luck with refurbished products -RRB- . The price was good -- less than $ 40 . I have two major problems with the system , however :1 . It does not come with a wall-mount bracket . It CAN be wall-mounted , but you need a separate piece -- a plastic piece that attaches to the base unit -- to mount it . This piece is not included . It can be purchased for $ 4.99 plus shipping from Uniden , but it is out of stock and back-ordered on the Uniden website . So , if you want to mount the base unit on the wall , you might want to find a different phone system .2 . The handset battery does not last long if you are using the phone to any degree . Three times in two weeks we 've had the handset battery run completely out -- in the middle of a call -- after just an hour or two , at most , of total use . It was fully charged in the morning , and it ran out by the end of the day . And we do n't have a teenager who is talking on it constantly . That 's from normal usage . Perhaps we got a lemon , but buyer beware that the battery life is very weak on ours .
 I 've never written a review before but experience with this one makes me wanting to share a little.I am a pretty savvy shopper in a way that I do my research and read reviews online before making a purchase . After all the rave reviews about this one , I decided to give this phone and the Uniden brand a try after tossing out a Panasonic 900 Mhz after owning it for more than 6 years . There are many good features about this phone , itcomes with 2 handsets and plenty features -LRB- ringtones , DND -LRB- do not disturb -RRB- and whatnot -RRB- looks slick -LRB- a little better looking than the Panasonic one we were also evaluating -RRB- does conferencing , i.e. can use both handsets at the same timehas a pretty good voice qualitydoes n't seem to interfere with home networking -LRB- I am on a G network -RRB- Now after owning it for 4 months , at first the caller ID stopped working . Then the base is acting weird and does n't ring properly . The answer machine stopped working ... you get the picture.I contacted the customer service . While responsive -LRB- I give them point for that -RRB- , they were pretty ignorant when it comes to my comments in the email . Even though I told them what procedures I 've tried from looking up their web , the representative disregarded all my comments and basically just tried to run me through the same stuff I 've already tried . After that , they give me a number to call -LRB- note ca n't even do it through online support -RRB- in order to replace my unit . After I called the lady tried to make me go through the same procedure again until I told her that I 've done all that . Finally she took my credit card for shipping and gave me a fax to fax my receipt to . I did that and then got no response . I called back and they told me that they never received my fax . I then scanned the receipt and emailed one of their representatives . Now 2 weeks after I still do n't know what the status of my replacement order is , not to mention that I did n't get a response for at least two inquires . As of this morning , my phone , after less than half year , is completely dead -LRB- ca n't even power on -RRB- . My cheapest phone , bought at some dollar store for 10 bucks , lasted longer than that.Needless to say , this is probably the last time I will ever purchase a Uniden product and this phone , by the way , has made into my record book as the shortest lived electronic I 've ever purchased -LRB- except maybe ones that simply did n't work out of the box -RRB- .
 Had to replace after a year when the system started generating innacurate tones ... could no longer use it to retrieve remote messages or access automated systems .
 i bought this set and all the function buttons stopped working after a year or so.i opened up a couple to clean the contacts and that did nothing.cannot scroll through functions or redial , nothing . crap.good thing these are no longer available.purchased from amazon .
 I have had this set for over a year now . One phone 's screen does not display anymore and the other one , the center button is not working anymore . Sound quality is ok but this product is not built too last . What 's the point of paying that much for something that does not last ...
 The first day after receiving this phone , the LED light on the main base went out , therefore the handset was not charging . After contacting Uniden , they said to exchange the two handsets between the two base units , wait a couple of days and if the light still goes out for no reason , to call them back . Well , it happened 3 more times and so I called them . They said that they would replace the base unit only after me faxing them the original bill and charging me a $ 10 shipping fee . Also they informed me that the replacement base would not be a new unit but a refurbished one , even though what I ordered was brand new . This is an unacceptable way to handle a defective product , by penalizing the customer . I can only hope that the replacement will work correctly .
 I am very disappointed and feel like I have wasted money . We were looking for a multiple handset phone because of having Vonage . I did a bunch of research and ended up getting this phone . Well about 6 months into having these phones the selection button in the middle which controls the Caller ID Review stopped working . Not just on one of our handsets , but on all but one of our FIVE handsets . They did n't all stop at the same time , but one by one the buttons stopped working . RIDICULOUS ! Like a previous reviewer said the only way they could review Caller ID was from the base - incredibly inconvenient ! Then the batteries stopped holding a charge for more than an hour after only a year . It is constantly doing this Random Out of Range message even when we are right next to the base . All my handsets are so messed up and oddly in many of the same ways and also many different ways . So I got a total of a years use of of this group of phones . I would not buy these again and will shy away from Uniden !
 We have the Uniden cordless phone , and recently had some problems with the battery lasting less than a day on a charge . Consequently , I tried to call customer service , however Uniden only offers email customer service . I finally found a Texas number for them where one has to pay to call themThis is a far cry from Panasonic or Sony which both offer free , toll-free support . Apparently , Uniden is too cheap to offer a toll-free support number , and they want you to pay for the phone call . To add insult to injury , when I did finally call their pay support number , I had to wait twenty minutes for someone to answer . Simply pathetic . I would avoid this company . Apparently Uniden does not want to put any money towards customers , so why should customers pay for their phones ?
 Loved the features on this phone and have been satisfied with it for the first year and a half.However , now the display flickers , the speaker feature works intermittently , and the phones will not hold a charge.I 'm not surprised really . What did I expect for the price?This is a good budget phone system but be prepared to replace it.Another con is that it does not provide a feature to auto dial the `` 1 '' before making long distance calls from caller I.D. My other phone permitted entry of local area codes and then autodialed the long distance prefix for other area codes .
 I 've had this phone for just over a year and today when I came home I found that it had died once and for all . The base showing is an `` E4 '' error message . I 've tried several things hoping to somehow reset it , but with no success.Even before the phone died I had all kinds of problems with it . It would cut out during calls , even when close to the base . The handsets would lock up for no apparent reason and I had to take out the battery to get them to reset . The answering machine would cut people off mid message.This is by far the worst phone I have ever owned . I suppose I may just have got a particularly bad one , but I will never buy another Uniden product again . There are plenty of reliable phones available out there , and now I 'm off to find one to replace my dead Uniden .
 I am disappointed with the phone and am returning it because : -- sound quality noticeably poor , it is tinny -LRB- to me and folks I call -RRB- -- zero consideration of voicemail . This phone has an answering machine -LRB- if I could buy one that did n't have one , I would -RRB- , but you have the ability to turn it off . On or off , if you do n't use it -LRB- set the rings to 6 or more so that your voicemail kicks in first -RRB- and someone leaves a message on voicemail , the phone has no way of indicating that there is a voicemail message for you to pick up . The user has to pick up the phone and listen for the stutter dial tone to detect whether there is a voicemail . Other phones I 've owned years older have the flexibility to deal with this quite common situation.The phone has good points , it has a solid feel to it , the volume of the speaker phone is good , and the basics , like lit keypads and easy to use menus are there.But , for me , the voice quality -LRB- a key factor -RRB- is lacking and the issue of voicemail notification combine to make the phone not one that I would recommend purchasing .
 I bought this phone for its full feature set . Everything is functional , though the batteries on the handset tend to discharge faster than I would like . However , the phone scores extremely poorly on usability.The address book functionality and its interaction with the caller-id feature makes for a very painful user experience . When entering names or numbers , you can not use the cursor keys to move back and make any corrections . You have to delete every character before the cursor to get to the character you need to change . This might not seem a huge deal , but here comes the clincher
 I purchased this product with 4 handsets , one handset charger does n't work , Uniden is uncaring and told me I had to pay them $ 10 . to have it `` fixed '' . It was opened unworking ... some quality control they have ! then they charge me MORE to `` fix '' a product they packed broken !! I 'll never buy Uniden again ! JUNK and TRASH !
 Maybe I got a bad set but my handsets have very limited range away from the base . Once I get about 30 feet away , with 2-3 walls between the handset and the base , the static starts ... then after moving further away another 10-15 feet I lose connection totally . Otherwise the sound was clear , though there was a faint , constant hum in the background . No interference problems with wifi .
 I really liked this phone , until I noticed that the handsets have a problem when it comes to incomming calls.The handsets will light up and blink for like 5 seconds before they start to ring . Basically , the phone takes 5 seconds before playing the melody . This can be a pain when you have your machine set to answer after 4 rings . Even though the caller hears 4 rings , you only hear 3 before the machine picks up . Its always a race to pick it up.I emailed Uniden 's sorry excuse for support and they told me that it is related to interference.Well , first of all , the handsets are either on the base , or inches away when this happens.Second of all , if this unit is so susceptible to interference that it has a problem ringing , then I will return it for a panasonic , that will ring no problemFinally , if it is interference that is causing this , then why does the phone light up instantly and display the caller id instantly , but take 5 seconds to make noise ???? I would not recommend getting this phone unless you can deal with the fact that it takes too long to ring . In an emergency situation , every second counts . I cant wait the extra 5 seconds when it comes to my family .
 oNLY ONE OF THE PHONES WORK . THE OTHER ONE KEEPS SHORTING OUT . OVERPAID FOR THE PHONES , I FEEL THEY SHOULD HAVE BEEN WORKING .
 THIS UNIT DOES NOT HAVE AN ANSWERING SYSTEM -- YOU NEED TO HAVE VOICE MAIL -- MY 85 YR OLD MOTHER CAN NOT USE THIS -- WHAT CAN WE DO ??
 I was pretty excited about this product ... . but since I received it about a week back I am trying to plug the adaptor cable in the main base -LRB- in the tiny yellow slot as said in the manual -RRB- ... trying to call the customer service ... once stayed 47 mins on hold and eventually the call got auto-cancelled ... but still I am not able to fix my problem.I think this cordless comes with a lot of inherent hurdles ... seems like u might have to first built a fort before u stay in it ... I wont recommend this product unless u go and buy from store .
 This phone has a lot of features for the price , which is why we bought it . However , it has a few major problems which make me regret the purchase.First , the battery life on these phones is simply terrible . I have two handsets , and both of them will drain the batteries after less than two hours of talk time . Recharging takes hours and hours -LRB- probably three times as long as charging my cell phone -RRB- . Also , the idle time drains the batteries , so if you just leave the phone on your desk all day , not even using it , then when a call comes in you 'll just have a dead handset.Second , there seems to be some loose wiring , which causes various glitches . Sometimes the screens flicker , other times hitting the `` call '' button causes the phone to shut down.Third , the menus are not intuitive and the graphics are really bad . If someone calls you from a non-local number , and you use the caller ID feature to call them back , the call will fail because the phone does n't put a `` 1 '' before the area code . So you have the actually write the number on the caller ID down , then add the 1 + area code and phone number . How stupid is that ?? There are lots of little things about these phones that are like that . They seem cheaply made and designed . I got a much better Panasonic set for my parents for similar price .
 I was really disappointed with this UNIDEN cordless phone . Its range is too short for a large home use , mainly if it has brick walls . I do not recommend this phone to anyone .
 One of the extensions ceases to function after 2 days . The ring sounds of the database first and wireless to five seconds after
 I talk on the wireless handset and sometimes , the audio goes so low that I can not hear the caller ! Uniden tells me to change electric outlets , change main phone jack , keep away from electronics equipment , make sure that my LinkSys 2.4 GHz wireless router is not the same frequency as the Uniden 5.8 GHz handset -LRB- duh ? -RRB- , etc. I tried everything ... this is a nice phone when it works , but overall it is VERY UNRELIABLE . I definitely do NOT recommend .
 I used to do all my calling on a cell phone . I got a ground line after I moved to a neighborhood with crappy cellular reception . I bought this Uniden model at Target , along with one accessory handset . Incoming audio sounds fine on both . But people regularly complain that they ca n't understand me on the other end.I have a wireless router nearby which may be interfering with the phone . I 'm not going to get rid of Wifi in my house . DECT 6.0 systems are supposed to not suffer much interference from Wifi , so hopefully a new DECT 6.0 phone will solve my problems . Otherwise , I 'll just have to use a corded phone.It 's sad that before cell phones I used to get excellent call quality with 900 MHz cordless phones . Now I have 6 times the Hz but the call quality drives folks crazy .
 This product does n't work well with a Panasonic PABX and the range is not what it was supposed to be.Too much noise in the line during phone calls
 I have had 2 iterations of their phones w / at least 6 handsets . ALL had the same failure ... the history button on the handset breaks shortly after purchase . I have contacted Uniden , but I got no reply as to either a fix or a plan to fix this problem.Unless or until they address this failure , I would not buy this phone ... if caller history ... including redialing a number from the history , is important to you . The corded base unit still has the button working , but not one of the handsets is still working ... and they are very gently used .
 I contacted Uniden for a compatible handset for my TRU8866 base station , and was told the TCX905 is the new handset . Well , it wo n't seat in the base station to register , nor will it seat in the TCX860 handset chargers . Yet , the TCX860 handset will seat properly in the TCX905 charger.I 've contacted Uniden for an explanation that I am sure I wo n't like.The TRU8866 has been an excellent system . When I had to get replacement batteries for the TCX860s , I bought Duracells at K-Mart at a great price , and they have a better charge than the Uniden batteries.I am really disappointed . I 'd settle for a refurb TCX860 . I have 8 handsets , and wanted to add 2 more . I do not look forward to replacing the base station and buying 9 new handsets . Not good . Any suggestions on brands would be appreciated .
 They 're neat phones when they 're brand new . I liked that Phonebook entries programmed into one handset could be `` copied '' to other handsets , but would have been better if the ringtone and speed-dial settings also transferred instead of reverting to default settings . Batteries tend to develop `` memory '' effects quickly , a problem its advertised NiMH battery technology is alleged to have overcome . Handsets frequently display `` Out of Range '' even when less than 6 feet from and within sight of the base . With less than 3 years ' moderate to light usage , the keypad will begin to fail . Typically , the four-way cursor key is the first key to fail , effectively disabling access to Phonebook and Caller ID memory and all Menu functions on the affected station -LRB- s -RRB- . Attempting to order replacement keypad contacts will get an `` internal parts are not available for purchase '' reply from Uniden and a suggestion of buying a new replacement for each affected handset . Its pricing of $ 199.99 for the four-handset bundle and $ 46.99 for each additional TCX905 is unacceptable for a product which is considered `` disposable '' by its manufacturer . The number of these that will end up in landfills -LRB- with soil contamination from mercury , nickel , and other toxic metals found in its batteries a likely result -RRB- makes Uniden yet another company which preaches `` Green '' and brags of `` Green '' company policies while practicing something quite the opposite . I can not in good conscience recommend this item or any other Uniden product to anyone . It 's a shame , since Uniden used to make some great and highly-durable Ham Radio gear 30 or more years ago , much of which is still in use today . Buy at your own risk .
 I have used this phone and its system for years and liked it a lot . I had to replace a handset and ordered the TCX905 -LRB- the correct replacement -RRB- but it was defective . I could not get 25 feet from the base without static interference . My older units did not have that problem . I returned the unit and received a prompt refund .
 I have three of these handsets . All had the same failure - the function key in the center went bad . I ca n't access the phone book , check caller ID history or change any options . It still works OK as a simple phone . Uniden replaced the one unit that failed under warranty . And the replacement then had the same failure .
 I downloaded the software disc that came with the phone clx485 . I then connected the handset via usb and the software could not detect the handset . useless
 I have a Uniden system with 6 of these phones . We have had it for several years . The phones have been great with the exception of poor duability of the center navigation button . Without fail , the switch will fail to access the various functions . This usually happens just after the warranty expires . I have taken one of the phones apart . It could be fixed easily if Uniden would send me the part . They wo n't . I have replaced 5 of the 6 handsets . If these fail , I 'll purchase a different brand .
 The phone has nice features , but has flaws . I purchased a base unit and a total of three phones . All three handsets frequently lose incoming sound volume . The handset purchased separately as the 3rd set is the worst in this regard . If you give it a solid rap on a hard surface , the sound volume returns to normal . I do not recommend this phone .
 Poor clarity , reception and enhanced caller ID does not work . When calling Uniden it states if this does not work I should purchase another type of telephone with a different code that may work .
 Didnt like it after adding it to the base phone , ended up buying a Panasonic phone .
 We 've owned older Uniden models and were always happy w/their product . Unfortunately we 've been experienceing problems with this phone system . Poor connectivity and one of the phones has poor volumn
 got this phone as an extra handset and it does not work properly . the sound fades in and out and you cant hear the other person talking .
 I thought I was buying an Uniden TCX905 to add to my parents existing Uniden phones , however that is not what I got . I received two phones in boxes that said Uniden TCX905 , however , after talking to Uniden Technical Support when the phone would not register we discovered that they were Uniden Tru9485 phones in Uniden TCX905 boxes . Luckily I was able to return both of the supposed Uniden TCX905 phones to Amazon without cost to me . I ordered the Uniden TCX905s directly from Uniden and paid a little bit more , but they worked right out of the box .
 This phone worked fine for over a year but recently is making problems . The phone presses buttons on its own and meanwhile I ca n't press any buttons . For instance it will start dialing numbers or put on speaker and then take off speaker . It even once hung up the phone while I was in the midst of a conversation .
 An unremarkable handset at best . My focus here is on the batteries . I 've got four handsets and every last one of them , the battery is useless after about six months . The handsets can only hold a charge for ten minutes of use tops .
 I purchased a system that included four of these handsets . Within a year , the caller ID/phonebook button stopped working properly on all four handsets . Either it does n't work at all , or I have to press extremely hard on it to get it to work . Without a doubt , there is a design problem with these handsets . The range is also not very impressive .
 I bought five uniden headsets and , less than a year later , three consistently fail -LRB- i.e. , disconnect , immediately run out of power though they 've been charged for hours -RRB- . I 'm really disappointed with these phones and wo n't buy uniden again .
 These units are a major disappointment . The handsets frequently went dead , and when they did work there was static . Uniden technical service told me it was because my house is too big and because I have a wireless router for our computers . In addition , I found their website technical help not too helpful . Although the wait on their telephone technical service is long , at least they tried to be helpful , although ultimately they were not much good as I still have a base set and eight other handsets that drive us crazy with static and/or dead phones .
 The base is great but the expandable phones go bad quickly . It 's no use if you have no handsets . I love the phone because it has many great features but I ca n't use them !!!!!!!!!
 I love the features of this phone . But like other reviewers have noted , the center button that accesses the stored phonebook and caller id stops working . This has happened with two phones after a little over a year each .
 We have the Uniden cordless phone , and recently had some problems with the battery lasting less than a day on a charge . Consequently , I tried to call customer service , however Uniden only offers email customer service . I finally found a Texas number for them where one has to pay to call themThis is a far cry from Panasonic or Sony which both offer free , toll-free support . Apparently , Uniden is too cheap to offer a toll-free support number , and they want you to pay for the phone call . To add insult to injury , when I did finally call their pay support number , I had to wait twenty minutes for someone to answer . Simply pathetic . I would avoid this company . Apparently Uniden does not want to put any money towards customers , so why should customers pay for their phones ?
 I purchased a set and bought more to have all over the house . They lasted about one year before they would n't charge any longer . I find them to be clumsy to hold compared to other brands . I would not recommend these .
 This Uniden model has been discontinued , the phone needed a base to connect with but unable to do so . Called cusomer support , no help at all . Save your money , buy another brand .
 I bought 5 of these just about 2 years ago . Used normally , not abused at all , put back in the cradle when they needed to be charged.EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THESE NEEDS A NEW BATTERY IN ORDER TO FUNCTION . We 're not talking battery life here folks -- the damn phones will not even work . They die 2 seconds after I pull them off the charger.So , if yours have n't crapped out -- give it time -- they will.Steer clear of these and all Uniden products . I know I will in the future .
 I was very disappointed to find that the additional handset you recommended , tcx905 , was significantly inferior to my system , tru9485 . Specifically , it has no phonebook accessibilty .
 I have an older Uniden cordless with accessory handsets which , in the same location , gave perfectly clear reception . This one has trouble around walls !
 This is going to be a long review with lots of details that I hope will be helpful for people thinking about using this product . I consider myself to be a pretty handy/craft-savvy person . I sew clothes , I make paper art , I like to assemble IKEA furniture ... fine . But these Avery iron-on transfers were the most irritatingly frustrating things I 've dealt with in a long time.I wanted to create a checkerboard effect on a black shirt -LRB- cotton Hanes `` perfect tee '' -RRB- with white squares of the label . Then , on top , I wanted to iron on a big dinosaur . Sounded simple enough at the time . Little did I know that this small project intended as a `` Secret Santa '' present would stretch on for days.The printing and cutting process was simple enough . I used HP ink and had no problems with the ink smearing or fading -LRB- even after a machine wash -- I 'll get to that later -RRB- . Peeling the transfer was not a nightmare because I creased my labels before I cut them -- when I cut them , the transfer lifted up at the crease . With the dinosaur , whose edges were more detailed , I cut out a tab which I ripped off , and it was smooth sailing . I will say that the dinosaur 's toe got torn off during the label peeling process , however -- peel slowly and with great caution!Maybe I 'm really dumb , but I was n't sure what kind of surface to use while working on these labels . The instructions said to use a heat-resistant surface , no metal , no glass , and NO IRONING BOARD . I had a roll of cork lying around , so I spread that out on my wood floor and ironed on that , but felt ridiculous . I prayed that the floor was n't ruined when I was done -LRB- it was n't , but later on when I used a cheap wooden table , the top of the table bubbled a little -RRB- . I guess if you 're just ironing something small onto a large shirt , these labels are fine . I cut 2 labels into 4 pieces each to create an oversized checkerboard look over the entire front of a size large shirt , and then used 1 entire label for a large dinosaur . You have to be VERY careful to not touch any of the already ironed pieces with the hot iron -LRB- anything being ironed has to be covered with a protective sheet of the enclosed tissue paper -RRB- , or they will bubble up , roll up , and peel off . This happened to me a couple of times , and I had to heat up the damaged parts and peel them off , then start over again . I nearly scrapped the project about 100 times but plodded along just to finish the damn thing.I would not recommend doing a design that is larger than the 8.5 x11 inch transfer paper because the tissue paper that they give you to put between the iron and the transfer is 8.5 x11 as well . If you have a large design , like a dinosaur , for instance , you really ca n't put 2 pieces of tissue paper overlapping over the design and iron on top of that . When you peel the tissue paper off , the design will have a giant crease in it -- which you 'll have to iron out again , with the tissue paper , once it cools off . You have to iron for about 40 seconds to 1.5 minutes , then cool for 2-3 minutes . If you had a lot of stuff to iron on , like me , it will take forever to iron , let cool , peel , iron , cool , peel ... If you have a rectangular design , or any type of design with sharp corners , beware -- the corners love to roll up . Mine did , and I tried to iron them down again and again , but they refused to stay in place . I ended up snipping them off and making rounded corners . I even tried using Krazy Glue to hold the corners down once I was at the home stretch of finishing this project , but that did n't hold these devilish labels down , either . -LRB- A quick note -- in case anyone plans on doing a design where 2 pieces of transfer have to overlap -- like when I ironed the dino on top of two of the white label squares on the shirt -- they stick to each other very well and there is no noticeable seam . -RRB- I washed the finished project in cold water on delicate , and when I pulled the shirt out , it was really strange . The shirt had shrunken slightly , but the label had n't -- so the shirt was rolling up in certain places . The corners were coming up again , too . The places where I had re-heated the transfer to tear them off to start over again had a gluey residue that looked shiny and noticeable . Some transfers were wrinkly and bubbling . Other transfers that I had intended to leave white had been ironed so much that they became a toasty beige . I wanted to die.I heated up my iron once more and busted out the tissue paper . After a gruesome 4 days of working on a simple t-shirt , I strongly wish that I had just paid a little more money to have this shirt made professionally -LRB- $ 5 t-shirt plus two packages of labels -- it ended up being about $ 40 -- I should 've just bought an even cooler shirt ! -RRB- . No one would want to wear this thing , and after another wash , I think it will self-destruct . After several days of this mayhem , I never want to use these again . The results are not that impressive . A brief recap , in case you did n't care to read my story : - If your design is large , it is likely to be difficult to iron properly . - If your design has many small components to iron separately , it will take forever to iron , let cool , peel , and then iron again -LRB- at least approximately 5 minutes per piece -RRB- . - If your design has a lot of sharp corners , the corners are almost guaranteed to start rolling up , no matter how well you iron . - If your design is meant to be white , there is a risk that after ironing your heart out , the white will look like a toasty almond color . - The label is thick and does not shrink/stretch to accommodate anything other than something like heavy cotton.Choose wisely , folks . Let me know if you have any questions .
 Creating the transfer is easy -- the instructions are simple to follow and they work . However , after the first wash -LRB- delicate cycle in a front-loader , cold water , hang to dry -RRB- , the ink starts washing off and the edges start to become frayed . Also , the image itself starts to become crinkled ! Maybe hand washing is what 's needed but that 's not something the instructions call for . In fact , it says you can machine wash & dry -- clearly , you ca n't .
 I could n't get the backing to separate with this product -- I 'd start to peel it off from the edge it would would come of in randomly shaped , small strips . Ended up wasting all 5 pages -- could not get the backing off at all . : -LRB-
 Avery 3279 Inkjet Dark T-Shirt TransfersOverpriced and way too difficult to use . Following the instructions exactly regarding timing , the first image burned . Could not fully remove it , so the item was ruined . Could not then separate the backing from any of the remaining four sheets , so the entire package of transfers was wasted . Considering the price , it seems reasonable to expect that the backing would have pullable tabs like a band-aid to enable separation without smudging the design or otherwise destroying the transfer .
 This is a review of the Avery 3279 Ink Jet Dark T-Shirt Transfers . But I would n't be surprised to discover that the rest of the stuff they make is ALSO junk.This stuff is EXPENSIVE ... over $ 15 for five sheets from Office Depot.I had put in a brand new ink cartridge just a couple of days prior -LRB- HP PSC 1410 Inkjet -RRB- and it was working fine on normal paper . Read all the directions carefully and more than once . First time , the paper CUT OFF the top portion of the image ... sure , blame it on the printer ; but if so , why did n't normal paper do this ? Second time , it printed really wimpy and hazy grey ... yet I had set the printer to use MAXIMUM dpi ! I thought , `` OK , maybe it will darken from the heat of the iron . Set the kitchen timer , ironed it exactly as instructed ... and it is STILL a sickening hazy grey instead of the crisp black I wanted ! AND some of the darkness of the fabric below is showing through the white portions.Oh yes ... it is INCREDIBLY difficult to peel off the backing ... you do end up having to tear a portion of the design you create , pretty much ruining it.So ... wasted time shopping for this . Overpaid for the product . Wasted HOURS prepping the image . And now I have a ruined tote bag that ca n't be replaced . Avery scum , I HATE YOU
 If the words DISAPPOINTING and DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY , -LRB- appearing in all caps -RRB- encourage you to not buy this product , then I have done a good deed.I thought these looked promising . After all , I have used many traditional iron-on transfers created by ink-jet printers . I thought these would be good , too.They did not work.Printing was fine , trimming was fine , separating the adhesive backing from the art work was a disaster . The process bordered on stripping wall paper and we had similar results . The art work tore , the backing paper would start to peel , and then it would come apart and stick to the art work . We searched in vain for a good way to get the two pieces apart and finally , the only satisfying option was wadding up the three -LRB- YES THREE -RRB- pages and dropping them unceremoniously in the trash.Perhaps in a few more years , Avery will fix this product . For now , do n't waste your money .
 I tried to use these on a black t-shirt , and it worked ... . sort of.The colors were significantly less bright after ironing them on.The image was there , it was just ... very dull . Not what I expected .
 This paper is expensive for 5 sheets , but I pretty much expect that , what I did n't expect was the final results to be so poor / mediocre . I tried ironing on very carefully as per the instructions and the design was inconsistent with one area brighter white and the rest very dark apparently from the white ink flowing into black printed areas by the motion of the iron so I thought I should pay to get the future designs heat pressed straight on . The result was a whole image that while visible was consistent grey throughout the image where white parts should be and a darkening of all colors . Not very good , even if better than a light T-shirt transfer on black shirt . Very mediocre result . Also i noticed this paper had a tendency to fight a bit with the printer messing up the first sheet I did and causing other sheets to have whole design rotated different to the angle of the paper . The backing is also very , very difficult to remove unless you gently tear the paper on an edge . Not nearly as good as the reviews , description or example on the packaging had lead me to believe , the white will almost never will be true white with this paper .
 Although it was difficult to separate the backing , once I did it did not come off cleanly leaving paper behind . Worthless .
 I 've printed about 10 shirts using Avery 's Dark Shirt Transfers . I have been disappointed in every single one . The shirt color bleeds through any light colored part of the design making the end product look washed-out and dingy . I 've talked to Avery about the problem but they offer no solution other than sending me more paper to offset the paper I 've used . I have tried every trick I know of to get it right
 Creating the transfer is easy -- the instructions are simple to follow and they work . However , after the first wash -LRB- delicate cycle in a front-loader , cold water , hang to dry -RRB- , the ink starts washing off and the edges start to become frayed . Also , the image itself starts to become crinkled ! Maybe hand washing is what 's needed but that 's not something the instructions call for . In fact , it says you can machine wash & dry -- clearly , you ca n't .
 i 've spent the last 90 minutes trying to get the backing paper to come off before ironing my image on . as i have been attempting this with nails , knives , x-acto , etc , i have also smeared the images themselves . i changed my inkjet printer settings several times , looked on every message and review board i could find for advice and still ... no luck . i printed and went through an entire package , and am now giving up and going to michaels to try something else .
 My paper was over a year old , and maybe that had something to do with it , when I tried to use it - I could n't get the transfer paper off either .
 After several washings and spins in the dryer , the iron-ons will peel and crack on the clothing . You might still get decent results with pre-shrunk clothes -LRB- wash & dry first -RRB- and then always plan to hang dry them after the artwork has been applied . Do n't dry Avery iron-ons in the dryer ; they will be destroyed in no time .
 i used this product to iron onto a black shirt and it left the image barely see-able . i was very , very disappointed .
 It should not be this hard to peel.It does not peel.It should be easy.I threw the bag of sheete in the trash . Waste of money .
 Most of the Spanish we are familiar with here in the U.S. is Latin Spanish . Nowhere on the outside of the package does it specify that this product is Spain Spanish . You do n't find this out until you 've purchased , opened , and read the enclosed instructions . I 've looked up a several words and it seems half the time the display shows the word as , `` NOT FOUND . `` It is however , easy to use , compact , and lightweight . Very nice size if you are traveling .
 Although I 'm not aware of having carpal tunnel syndrome like a previous reviewer , I found this product very painful to use , even after just a few minutes . The front cushion bolster-thingy is too high , both above and below the front of the stand . The laptop also slides off the side of the stand much too easily , and will fall onto the floor if you use it on a desk without the front cushion -LRB- the product comes with a warning about that ! -RRB- . With a 13-inch Macbook Pro on a 13-inch stand , there is no space at the edges to build an addition onto , that might serve to hold the laptop in place . The back part of the stand is quite good , however , and it does a reasonable job of keeping one 's lap from overheating.After tossing away the front cushion and getting busy with some corrugated cardboard and duct tape , my iLap has been augmented with what looks rather like shark fins . A single structure is held in place largely by the front rim under the stand , fits across the upper edge , and sticks out at both sides enough to stop the front edge of the laptop from sliding forwards or sideways . With that radical addition , I 'm quite happy with the iLap . Duct tape triumphs again !
 On the whole I was n't impressed with this design . Firstly it really is n't portable in terms of backpacks and mailbags around campus . Secondly the foamy roll at the base of the unit kept sliding off allowing the laptop to slide with it while sitting in a `` SUMO '' beanbag chair , which I do quite often . And finally on an aesthetic note i felt the silver piping on the foam dowel and scratchy sound of the fabric conspired to make the whole thing feel kind of chintzy . I would suggest for future revisions alternative fabric -LRB- s -RRB- like denim , hemp , corn , ballistic nylon etc. . Also the velcro should be on both sides of the foam slot to prevent the laptop from slipping.That being said the unit does a beautiful job keeping the machine cool and can be quite comfortable to use especially on a table but also while sitting in my beanbag chair -LRB- s -RRB- in spite of my issues with it sliding around . The reason for the low score is that i felt that i paid to much for this item . I believe this is only a partial solution to keeping me and my macbook comfortable and that it was cheaply built . It would be a bargain at $ 10 passable at $ 20 but definitely is not worth the $ 49.90 + price tag . As I say this though , if you are desperate to use your laptop like a laptop this unit can take the heat nicely . - cheers
 I looked at about 8 different cooling stands all over the net until I narrowed it down to the iLap and the Kensington Lift-off Portable Notebook Computer Cooling Stand also sold by Amazon . The Kensington was 1/3 the price of the iLap . My primary criteria for the stand was that it be able to be used while lying down flat on my back not just while sitting at a table/desk or upright on my lap . Another criteria was that it keep my clothing from getting hot from the laptop but that it not have to use one of my USB ports or electricity to power a fan like some of the cooling stands did . And lastly that it fit my 13.3 '' MacBook . Both Kensington and iLap fit all of this criteria . I ordered both iLap and the Kensington . Both had near 5 star reviews at the time of my purchase.The Kensington arrived about 3 days later and I began using it immediately . My primary worries about that product turned out not to be issues when I opened the box and acutually was able to see the product . Those worries concerned two issues . 1 . That the laptop would not really be cooler because it would touch the base of the stand which appeared to be a flat sheet of V shaped plastic . The unit actually has a large square hole on the top side to allow air to flow to the laptop base . 2 . The laptop would slip around since there did n't seem to be anything to hold it in place -LRB- the iLap had a removable suede cushioned lip to hold the computer in place -RRB- . Again this was unfounded because the same large square hole in the top side had a rubber -LRB- or rubber like anyway -RRB- ring all the way around it which holds the laptop in place . As a bonus it also fit my 15 '' Dell laptop . Both the 13.3 '' and the 15 '' laptops hang over the sides of the stand but that 's not an issue . And the unit can easily be used while laying down in bed without raising the laptop too high or requiring me to place my hands at a weird uncomfortable angle in order to type or use the trackpad.On the other hand the iLap arrived a day later and was totally unusable and all my concerns were well founded . The removable velvet cushion on the iLap required me to place my hands high above the laptop in a really awkward position in order to use the keyboard while lying down and using it without the cushion so I could position my hands comfortably resulted in the laptop not being stable and sliding all over the place . Additionally there was no opening in the iLap to allow air circulation although the stand was made out of aluminum with sand-blasted and silver anodized finish . The back of the base swiveled but did n't seem to help alleviate any of my concerns in the minimal positions you could put it in.Bottom line I kept this Kensington stand -LRB- and I 'm using it right now -RRB- and sent the iLap back for a refund.If you are just going to use the iLap at a table and like wrist pads -LRB- I do n't -RRB- you may like this . But if you are going to use in it a horizontal position in bed or on your lap it 's not really very comfortable due to the wrist pad and as I stated the laptop slides all over the place if you opt to remove the optional wrist pad . It 's also over priced .
 I bought this as a Christmas present . It will NOT stay together . The laptop pad comes apart from the stand every time you move . I wish I had saved my receipt . I would demand a refund .
 I 'm very disappointed with the iLap , especially after reading all the great reviews for this product . I got the iLap for ergonomic purposes . I have carpal tunnel in my hands and wrists and neck/back problems . However , the stand only elevates my Macbook a little and puts my wrists at an uncomfortable angle . I 've tried it with and without the wrist pad . The pad puts my hands at an awkward angle and not using it causes my wrists to scrape against the bottom of my laptop.After using it for a week , I have determined that it has aggravated my carpal tunnel syndrome . It 's also fairly heavy and awkward for bed use . Finally , the product is extremely overpriced for what it is . The stand is poorly constructed and if you remove the wrist pad at any sort of angle , it scrapes against the seams and rips them open . I highly recommend seeking an alternative if you 're getting this to help and wrist , neck , and back problems . If you do n't have those problems , maybe it 's fine . I 'm sending mine back .
 There is no gloss on this paper at all so it does n't even look like a cheap sticker . The slits on the back of the paper to make it easier to remove are actually deep creases that show through the front of the paper . This makes full page printing useless . All the sheets in the pack had these deep creases . So I do n't know if I just received a defective pack or if this is how all the Avery Sticker sheets are .
 While it 's nice that you can pull the sticker off if you put it on wrong , the problem is that the stickers do n't stick for any length of time . I had to use glue to get a permanent stick . Not going to buy this again , very poor quality . Little more than copy paper with cheap stickie . Too expensive for the quality . I 'm sad .
 My interest in making stickers led me to buying this product . I visited Avery.com and read the user reviews prior to using to avoid making a mistake that would waste my ink . Printer ink is expensive . The `` stickers '' which I just purchased do not stick . Sure they take the ink okay , but I could have saved myself the money & printed the image on a piece of paper if I wanted to tape the image to my scrapbook . It 's not like I was using this product on an unrecommended surface . A scrapbook is the featured image on the product . Within 2 hours it curled up and fell off . Maybe I just bought a bad batch . This is possible , but I 'm a broke college student and the price of this product -LRB- not including the cost of the ink I just wasted -RRB- equates to almost 1.5 hours at my job . Never ever again .
 This paper just was n't as good as I 'd expected it to be . It never held vibrant colors well , and I tried on multiple printers . The colors just seemed dull on this paper . Also , the backing was n't sticky enough and it peeled off of the paper bags I had put them on . Overall , I was not satisfied with this purchase .
 This is just a box of blank paper . Its nice quality but getting to use Avery software on ur mac is a whole different story . Try to use it online -- u do not need to purchase this to do it . It is very difficult-just by card stock waste of money .
 I would have rated this high except for one major issue . It is not what it says it is . The item is advertised as POSTCARDS and heavyweight . That is what I expected . However , the paper is thin and bends easily , unlike `` postcard '' material . I found it flimsy for mailing . The material is more like those magazine insert mailing forms ; thin , bendable , easily rips , etc. . It has a nice texture , might be good for artwork , receipe cards , cut well , prints nice , and states that it meets US Postal Regs . However , not at all what I wanted .
 I bought these to make RSVPs for my wedding . I got lucky and before I mailed all of them with the invites I got my sister 's RSVP in the mail . From running through the mail machinces , half of the toner had come off ! I hade to buy &#34; invisible &#34; scotch tape and put it over our address on the remaining RSVPs -LRB- rather than buying a different product and spend the time redoing them -RRB- so I was sure I would get them back . Trying to read the RSVPs was a little difficult too.In short
 These batteries lasted about half as long as the replacements I 've purchased at brick and mortar stores . Two were purchased and one is already shot , the other is close behind . We used to get about 7 to 10 days on a charge from the other battery suppliers batteries and these gave us 5 days when purchased and now are at about a day berfore needing a recharge . Look elswhere for replacement batteries and do me a favour and let me know who supplies the best on line batteries .
 One of the biggest problems in online battery purchasing is ordering an OEM replacement battery -LRB- in this case , one from Uniden -RRB- and a cheap replacement from China . This seller represents the item as the former , when it 's actually the latter.So what 's the difference ? OEM 's actually care about the image of their company , so they ship high quality battery cells . Cheap manufacturers , just want you to buy it , so they just care that it works for a short period of time.This causes two problems
 The product advertised is not the pink TI-84 on sale in other websites . The product I received has only a pink front and the rest of the calculator is gray . That is not explained on the advertisement . I payed extra for a pink calculator that is not what was delivered to me .
 It came and it was supposed to be pink , but it was gray , with a pink cover . The seller quickly sent the pink face plate so all was good ... until my daughter took it to school for the first day , It did n't work ! It would barely turn on ! then nothing . So as all the other kids are programming their calculators she is messing with replacement batteries trying to get it to work . The seller has promised to make it right and is promising a replacement or a refund . So we are waiting for the replacement . The sellers have been responsive , definitely .
 Ummm the picture advertised is light pink . . the one i got was hot pink . . this is not the color that i wanted so i am very dissappointed
 I never received the product never had communication from the vendor and it put us in a terrible position . I am awaiting the refund still .
 The item price was too much for a refurbished caculator I was under the impression that it was like new but Im learning my lost
 Not much information in this non-book -LRB- actually a bunch of flash cards -RRB- . I thought maybe my kid would like it , but could n't get him to look at it more than twice . Then the next thing I knew , the whole `` binding '' had broken apart , and we had `` President `` cards all over the place . What a mess !
 Nice format , but not intellectually honest in my opinion and not balanced at all in its commentary.Makes Jimmy Carter sound like a brilliant man and great leader who fell victim to some CIA scheme on Iran -LRB- as opposed to a complete lack of spine he showed for 4 years . . he begged us to just `` be more positive '' ! -RRB- , but is now fully and `` deliciosuly vindicated '' ... are you kidding ?? People are still recovering from his 20 % interest rates ; makes Reagan sound like the only thing he could do was talk slick -LRB- as opposed to the fact that he actually had a spine -RRB- ; makes Clinton sound like he walked on water and suffered through `` attacks on his record and character from Bob Dole ... around `` allegations of sexual misconduct '' -LRB- as opposed to lying under oath as a sitting President and embarrassing us all -RRB- ; makes Bush sound like a complete idiot -LRB- apparently his Harvard MBA was an accident compared to the celebrated Harvard Law degree of Obama -RRB- who oversaw the `` mortgage backed securities '' issues -LRB- as opposed to the Democratic led Congress for his last four years ... e.g. Barney Frank , Chris Dodd ... whose wishes of bribing the votes out of all the `` renting '' people in America with their own expensive homes and No Money Down almost crippled our nation -RRB- ; makes Obama sound like he is the answer and bringer of Change for all of us before he ever did a thing -LRB- will Aronson re-print his Field Guide to show the dramatic increase in unemployment since his takeover and the lies told to us by Obama about the real cost of his healthcare takeover -RRB- ? Save your self the money , lean as far as you can to the Left , put your finger over your nose , and just watch Keith Olbermann for a half hour . Eww .
 I 've been having problems getting the caller ID to work correctly . I had to call panasonics help line and they walked my thru this process of going to menus and then unplugging the power and replugging in the power . It 's a pain.The phone is clear , however , on the color LCD screen there 's a solid blue line running left to right . I ca n't imagine that being part of the screen .
 Purchased this banner material due to price considerations , but we found it basically cracked and fell apart when used outdoors . The signs made by our company lasted about 1-2 weeks at best . Since printing is part of our business , this created an embarrasing customer relation issue for our company .
 I bought this phone about a month ago as a gift . Price was right and the online reviews that I read seemed good for the most part . Needless to say , I am VERY disappointed . 2 days after having the phone , I would hear various loud beeps when moving around the house . My friend on the other end of the line said he thought he was playing `` Asteroids . '' Whenever somone was trying to call , the call waiting would beep , then would be followed by a screeching sound in my ear . I returned this phone and am awaiting a refund.Aside from the major problems with the phone , my similar GE model had more features . This phone does not have a backlit display or numbers so that you can see it in the dark . When you put it on the charger , it does n't beep like most phones do to let you know it 's on there correctly . Also , if you are wall mounting this phone -LRB- like I did -RRB- it comes with this HUGE cord that does not fit in the base . I actually went out and bought a small 6-inch cord to make it look nice.Overall , I was very dissatisfied with this phone . This was my first experience with a Uniden product that was not a CB radio or Scanner . I wo n't be buying another one ever again .
 CONSIDER IT DISPOSABLE and look for more accurate options!This scale had problems but it was n't confirmed until AFTER the warranty period and there is no recourse or way to fix or recalibrate it .
 Worked very well until it suddenly started under reporting weight . I assume I will have to recalibrate it or buy a new one . It lasted just past the one year warranty .
 The first one went bad in 1 month , luckily within Amazons return period . Amazon did it 's usual great job in replacing it . The second one managed to last 11 months of very light use .
 when I first hooked up the scale it only registered in grams and kilos , not ounces and pounds . I emailed the company and they did not respond for 2 weeks . Very unprofessional to me . In the interim I figured it out and the scale works fine except that when standing for a while -LRB- plugged in -RRB- it will resister 1 or 2 ounces with nothing on it . I 'm thinking of getting another one directly from the post office . Allan Palmer
 I purchased this but the plus sign does n't work have to return it let 's see how long this takes in the mean time I will use the other one I purchased
 This paper was advertised as being a `` Bond '' paper - However , it is thin and flimsy , not what I would consider bond . It can be printed on one side only , as it is so thin that the ink bleeds through the paper -- If you are looking for a quality paper , `` DO N'T BUY THIS '' ...
 I purchased this Toner for 3 reasons , listed most important to least important . It was a fluke product and i have had great experiences with those in the past they are tough and reliable , It was under 100 dollars , and lastly it was Prime eligible . I am appalled with the product I received . the Probe external antennae tip was loose fitting -LRB- including the housing -RRB- and if the probe was moved while in hand it would go out of alignment with the internal antennae and severally lower the volume and quality of the tone . To make things worse if the emitter itself was dangling -LRB- sometimes this can not be helped and the toner is designed for it supposedly -RRB- I would loose all tone outside of the emitter itself . I have to say that for the amount I paid for this toner I expected a well put together and very accurate tool . Not to mention it 's a fluke product . What I have feels like a knock off made in china for 7 dollars and some change . I have since purchased a Pyle Audio Toner and cable tester for a whopping 27 dollars that makes flukes pro3000 look like the giant pile it is . Fluke has lost my business .
 I bought this item because of the Fluke name . I have used it on several different kinds of lines and most have the same results . It is difficult to hear the tone over the static .
 I bought this hoping to identify and label all the CAT5 outlets in my house . The builder neglected to label the wires in the switch panel , so I had no idea what was running to where . I connected the tone source to a jack and used the probe in the panel to try to identify the wire . Unfortunately , the signal was not strong enough / loud enough to be detected in the switch panel . I have a two story house and all the wires go through the walls to the attic and back down into the panel on the ground floor . I was only able to detect 1 jack -LRB- an upstairs jack with the shortest run of cable -RRB- . If you have shorter runs of cable , it may work for you , but it did n't do what I needed .
 This is second one I have tried in a couple weeks . The first one did n't tone at all and gave nothing but static , so I figured I would just exchange it as sometimes you get a bad one , it happens , I get it . Well when the replacement one came it DID tone but I had to crank the volume all the way up to override the static so I could hear it . I sent this back too and just requested a refund . I 'll keep looking at others . I was very surprised that Fluke put out such a crappy toner .
 The toner/probe doe not function as received . New batteries were installed and it still does not detect a tone at the the end of a conductor . A call to Fluke did not produce any resolution . As an aside , the volume control on the probe interferes with the case , making adjustment very difficult . I 'll try one more call to Fluke support before I return the umit . I 'm pretty disgusted with the purchase , especially in view of my very good past experience with Fluke equipment in our company 's metrology labs .
 Never used a Pinpointer before , but decided to get this one from Kellyco along with a new detector . It is totally worthless . I had to physically touch the item with this pinpointer to get it to register . Called Kellyco to make sure it was working correctly and the nice gentleman confirmed that you do have to physically touch the item . After checking some other sites I found this is not how most other quality pinpointers operate and I needed to take all `` reviews '' on Kellyco with a grain of salt .
 I ordered a metal detector which was a piece of junk.You have to touch the metal before it will beep.The shipping was the same as the price of the detector $ 79.95 and on the package it was marked under $ 30.00 for shipping.I tried to cancel the order right away and it was not possible.I did get a call from the detector company and the left a number to call which I will do.not happyJohn
 I purchased this product to be primarily used as a tool for advancing my classroom PowerPoint slideshows . At first , I loved my new freedom to move about the room while giving lectures . After a couple of weeks of gentle use , the advance button started to stick which causes the presentation to advance out of control to the end . I called customer service , and they kindly sent me a replacement . During the first day 's use of my new pointer , the button stuck and a slideshow advanced out of control again.I will be looking for a different model . I suggest you do the same .
 It will stop working after a few months . Read the other bad reviews and you 'll see what I mean . YOU WILL JUST WASTE YOUR MONEY . If u do n't believe me , go ahead and buy it , and let me know after a few months to a year .
 I have been desperately trying to get organized , and when I found this gizmo from heaven at a heavenly price , naturally I jumped on it . After a few weeks of labeling frenzy , much like one of my other fellow reviewers , the tops of my labels started fading , then the middles , and soon the entire text of all my labels , poof ! disapparated ! Yes ! I am a Harry Potter fan , but not for my labels in invisible ink . Tried all of the suggestions from the website . Cleaning , changing batteries , labels , cartridges . No luck . Still shooting blanks . Of course no way to put in new ink cartridges and it seems like the ink ran out . So waiting to hear back from customer service . Will post back , when and if I do . Really sad-that my labeling frenzy has been thwarted !!
 I was very excited about getting a labelmaker , and after some research , settled on the LetraTag . It seemed fairly priced and was just what I needed.I made a couple of labels and was pleased - the dozens of symbols and various fonts that the LetraTag offers are fun . Unfortunately , after only a few uses , the labels came out faded . I switched the label cartridge , but the next label came out almost completely blank . I cleaned the inside with the little brush , changed the batteries , and tried a power adapter - all of the suggestions on the Dymo website . None of these worked . I e-mailed Dymo 's customer support ; they were relatively nice and sent me a new one . I had to send a couple more e-mails , however , to find out if they wanted the broken one back -LRB- they did n't -RRB- . I was excited to get my new labelmaker , but this time the first label came out faded . Then the second . And the third had barely a fleck of ink . Now I have two brand-new labelmakers that wo n't make labels.Either I have a crazy electrical force field like Sean Patrick Flanery in Powder or this product stinks . I 'm betting on the latter , and would not recommend this labelmaker to anyone .
 Each time I go to use this I find another little irritating thing about it . My main complaint is the size of the type . Oh , you can choose from several sizes , but that is only for width , not height of the letters . I.E. Extra Large prints the letters twice as wide as the Large size , but still only 3/16ths of an inch high , making them very difficult to read -LRB- and using twice as much tape , of course -RRB- . The Preview button only shows you the letters that will print , and the Size function shows the letters taller , not wider , and it is very misleading . It would be nice if you could see what the actual label would look like , and if it would print on more of the width of the tape , not just on a narrow 3/16th inch band.I 'd prefer a QWERTY type keyboard over the alphabetical one provided.The labels are easy to apply and to remove without residue , and remain on the packages in the freezer -LRB- which is my main use for the product -RRB- . I like the fact you can stick the entire device on the side of the refrigerator with the powerful magnet holder .
 I bought the Letratag at another vendor . The build quality is nothing to write home about . It is somewhat cheap and plasticy.It worked properly for a day but then started printing extremely long labels , perhaps a foot long , with one or two light gray letters in the middle . It would also repeatedly refuse to work saying the tape was jammed , even after I made sure it ran smoothly.The process to contact DYMO support is cumbersome requiring registering your email address and opening an account with their website . They were not able to provide any assistance to enable me to fix the problem myself . The online suggestions are poor and bore no relation to my difficulty with the printer.I was told the thermal head draws heavily on batteries when it prints and unless the batteries are nearly brand new , printing can be negatively affected . I think it should be made clear to purchasers that you will have very high battery usage with this product as you will frequently have to install fresh batteries . You should consider buying the optional AC adapter to economize . Another disadvantage I noted from the users manual is that the labels fade very quickly unless they are kept out of the sun in a cool place . This too should be brought to people 's attention.Customer service were polite via email and they suggested an RMA but this became problematic because of my location , and really , for a product costing below $ 20 , the trouble is too great . Easier to throw it out I decided.So my recommendation is , buy a competitive product instead . I have bought the Brother portable and rechargeable labeler to replace it and will review that later . It has received numerous positive reviews on Amazon so lets hope it does a better job than the Dymo.On the whole , a difficult experience with a mediocre -LRB- at best -RRB- product with very expensive consumables
 This thing was terrible from day one .1 -RRB- The product design and usability is horrendous . - The keypad is not QWERTY but -LRB- inexplicably -RRB- in alphabetical order , which makes typing very difficult -LRB- and SLOW -RRB- . - There is no shift/caps key . To change between caps and lower case you must enter capitals `` mode '' , type , then switch back . - There are no number keys - again , you must switch to numbers `` mode '' - The process to change the printing size and styles is cumbersome . - You are limited to saving 9 text snippets -LRB- pre-defined labels , etc. -RRB- and the method of saving/retrieving is just bizarre . It is incredibly easy to overwrite a saved snippet .2 . The device is of poor quality.Despite cursing under my breath and wishing I 'd never bought this model every time I pulled it out , I used it infrequently for about six months . -LRB- To give you an idea of my usage
 To start with , after about the third label it started printing any vertical line very faintly and with lines in it . The straight part of the L , P , H , etc. is barely visible.So of course a labeler that does n't print well is worth nothing.Add on top of that the fact that the labels are so hard to peel that they require the patience and nerves of a neurosurgeon . I ended up getting out the tweezers . Because it 's so hard to peel , the labels end up mangled and look horrible once you stick them.One more thing , even with the power adapter in , after you print a label a warning comes on saying low power . It does this with batteries too , so if you 're using batteries -LRB- not a good idea -RRB- how do you know if it 's really low on power?I 've had this two days and it 's being returned .
 This label maker was a big disappointment for the price . The screen stopped working after only one year . I will not buy this model again .
 I thought this product was too good to be true given the price , and I was right ! After using it for only a couple of hours , the labels began fading and finally quit printing all together . The keypad is in alphabetical order -LRB- ? -RRB- so it is difficult and slow to type with . I had high hopes that this would be a product I could use both at home and at work ... not so ! Save yourself the money and keep shopping !!!
 It 's OK to use , labels are small , 1/2 inch high , but the middle part of the display screen stopped working after hardly any use at all -LRB- but we 've had it for 1 year -RRB- . You 've got to be kidding!So it 's off to buy a better one .
 This works well but is an ENORMOUS battery power hog ! It can deplete a quality set of rechargables in about ten minutes ! I was THRILLED that it had AC power adapter capability , but when you add the whopping $ 24 cost of the adapter to this price tag -- it 's no longer a value ! The labels are fine -- although they give you the useless paper and clear labels with initial purchase . Only the plastic labels last for any length of time . Also , on the larger size print , many of the letters look condensed or `` shmooshed '' into the space -- it just looks awful . BUY A BROTHER !! My last label maker was a Brother p-touch and I 'm so sorry that I decided to buy this one .
 With a tape width of 1/2 '' , DYMO made this printer 's maximum font height 3/16 '' , or 37.5 % of the available width of the tape . So you end up with a thin line of text in a sea of tape . I contacted tech support and they verified that this is the maximum font height.On the package label they advertise two line printing , but bear in mind that those two lines will be crammed into a 3/16 '' band . Also on the label are graphic examples of the different print styles ... with a much greater print height to tape width ratio , indicating that the text is 5/8ths to 3/4ths the width of the tape . NOT SO!This model is getting returned ... to Kmart . I think I 'll get the Brother PT2030AD sold here on Amazon . It comes with an AC adapter & has much better reviews , and for only a couple bucks more .
 Like other reviews - I started out with great expectations and got some inital organizing done with the label maker . After not much use the the labels started coming out blank . I was using an adapter so batteries were not the issue . I thought maybe I just got a lemon , so I bought another one . No I have two doing the same thing - blank labels . Its a shame , but this product has some defect that make it not worth buying .
 I purchased this to identify my stuff , especially expensive items that I loan out or let the kids use.It 's not hard to use , and the cartridge system seems to be well thought out , along with the cutter and so on.BUT , the print is gray and grainy , and looks very faded.Even then I could deal with it - except for its fatal flaw
 I had also bought this label maker with great promise as it has a number of features the more basic model I had did not . However , I quickly found it jammed when printing , and thus you had to reprint , eating up the tape quicker , which is not cheap . Also , I recall it requires a lot of batteries , which seem to be exhausted quickly , compared to other things I have that use far fewer batteries , like digital cameras . So , it became an expensive item to maintain -LRB- printing tape and batteries -RRB- , which i got tired of doing . So I soon replaced it with a Brother , which has neither problem .
 I have not had any luck in getting this gadget to work . I am pretty sure I 've got the label paper loaded correctly . When I try to print , it just turns off.Honestly , I used a gift certificate to buy this , so it 's kind of not worth my time or the effort to return it.I might try to use it again and see what happens . If it does n't work then , I 'm pitching it .
 I bought one of these Letra Tag makers from a local brick-mortar retailer . Since I do n't use a label maker often , it was kept in storage . One day , I went to use it and I got what I have since found out is a common occurrence ... the familiar series of `` exclamation points '' all across the screen telling me that it could n't print.The first thing I found out was that the warranty had expired ... so I was on my own at that point.Dymo 's troubleshooting site suggested -LRB- 1 -RRB- replacing batteries , -LRB- 2 -RRB- replacing the cartridge , and finally , -LRB- 3 -RRB- cleaning ribbon compartment of debris . I did all of those things , but it was still dead.From reading other reviews online , I came to suspect that the motor which drives the capstan -LRB- that pushes the label past the printing component and then out the unit -RRB- had seized up.At that point , knowing there was no way to return it , I decided to try and take it apart to figure out what was going on . It did n't seem well made to me . In fact , I was surprised to see such a flimsy drive mechanism . The tiny motor was simply frozen in place , as thought it had fused internally . I have no idea . I just know that at that point , into the garbage it went and I bought a different brand of label maker to replace it . I have n't had any problems with the other one.I do not recommend this product .
 Window does not light up so you can not tell if it is on or not . Additionally , I do n't remember where I bought it or I would return it .
 After only a few weeks , the labels begin to peel . Eventually , the writing fades completely ! Especially if you put the label in an area exposed to sunlight , like in a car . Three weeks tops , and you can barely read the text anymore . I am going to try to upload some pics so you can see what I mean . There are ancient label writers out there that make labels that last for YEARS ! What a piece of junk . Do NOT buy this label writer ! Look elsewhere !!!
 Bought this label maker at Walgreens because of it 's price , features , and portability . This was mainly a purchase to implement GTD with David Allen 's system , and many of the people on his website use this one since it allows for an AC adapter . Long story short , DO N'T buy this label maker , there are serious defects and problems with it . I 've changed batteries , hooked up to 3 different AC adapters , changed cartridges , and still , blank labels . This just can not be a coincidence that so many people are writing about the same issues with not one shred of firm reaction from DYMO . Too much time already wasted and DYMO has lost a customer for life -LRB- by the way , their Cardscan product also cost me days in weeding out duplicates from my Outlook database , so I 'd pass on that product too -RRB- .
 I replaced an earlier DYMO Letratag with this newer model . Big mistake . It prints extremely long labels , compaired to the older model . The tape jams . It 's impossible to move back over letters without erasing them . There are no number keys , you must switch to numbers `` mode '' . There is no shift/caps key . To change between caps and lower case , you have to enter capitals `` mode '' , type , then switch back . The letters are printing lighter and lighter after only 1 month . My recommendation is to buy another competitive product .
 My main complaint about this label maker is that the labels fade over time . I 've seen other people say that theirs actually printed faded labels to start with . Mine did not , but the labels that looked good when I printed them are barely legible after a few months . Disappointing!Eventually the printer stopped working altogether . It displays `` tape jam '' when you want to print even though everything is perfectly clean inside . Good riddance ! I 'm going to look for a better product .
 As other reviewers have experienced , my DYMO LetraTag stopped working after some time , printing increasingly faded labels . I also have another label maker from DYMO , an embossing label maker , and that one also stopped working .
 The Labels dont even stick to THEMSELVES ! I dont suppose I 'll ever get to experience the `` faded label '' problem other reviews complain about.Everything else seems pretty good though . Nice concept , failed in execution .
 The label maker is a fine device but the labels can not withstand exposure to sunlight . They will brown and fade in less than a week . Not all label needs are confined to the insides of cabinets and file folders so I 'm rating this quite low for that limitation .
 it looks very nice ! but it jams up , pennys drop into quarter slots , dimes go into nickel slots , pennys always jamming up.i messed with this machine for a couple hrs ... even went slow and everytime it would jam up or drop change in wrong slots ! I can do it faster by hand . i am returning it as its junk .
 I am so disappointed . After reading a few good reviews , I was so excited to have this for my stationery business . It damages more paper than it can cut clean . I have wasted so much money on this machine -LRB- it is being sent back -RRB- . And time , from having to reprint everything . Unfortunately , the paper slides around , and if you have the crank too tight , it curls the paper at the base of the holder which causes damage . It did cut clean , just not straight or without damage . For my purposes , the paper I cut can not be damaged , so this cutter was not good for me .
 I was terribly disappointed in this product which I bought for use in my Canon Pixma iP6000D printer . The image is grainy and , if you touch the photo within 5 minutes , you will leave marks . I laid anothe picture on top of one done 5 minutes earlier , and they stuck together . I have had very good luck with Canon paper .
 This little phone is specific to Skype , and definitely is not recommended for use with other VoIP services . The marketing does not make this clear , but it 's the first thing you should know before buying . Strike one for me -LRB- I intentionally searched for a phone that looked like a generic VoIP phone , and this looked like one in the marketing , but it definitely is NOT -RRB- . Next , the model number is USB-P1K and it is marketed as being manufactured by a bunch of different company names . Search for that model number and you 'll find a bunch of horror stories , though also some acceptable work-arounds . Strike two.But if its price still tempts you , you should also be aware that when I put this phone anywhere near my cordless mouse , the mouse starts to halt , stutter , and occasionally just stop working altogether . When I move the phone away , the problem goes away . This might not happen with your cordless mouse , but then again , it might . Strike three.All of that said , I gave this phone an extra star because it did work with the SJphone softphone -LRB- not the keypad , of course , but the microphone and earpiece can be selected as the audio devices and work well , the ringer can not be selected and does not work either -RRB- and the sound quality is perfectly acceptable.Is it good enough to keep ? Worth the hassle of returning ? That 's a tough call . But my advice is to spend another ten or fifteen bucks on something a little farther up the quality chain .
 I have been a Palm user since their arival . But I thought I would at least give the Nino a try . The first 3 were broken . Missing buttons etc. . The forth one worked great ! I was happy ! Then I had to contend with the Bloated code of Outlook . Even running on a 400Mhz computer I noticed that it was slow compared to the Palm desktop I was used to . Also I have a LARGE contact database , about 800 entries . Nino took 2 1/2 minutes to search through it ! Palm took 13 seconds . The Nino is a real flashy device , just not very functional for large amounts of data . Palm machines are faster , but not very much flash . I am using a Palm IIIx now and love it ! Nino now sits on my desk and keeps papers from blowing away ... Got ta get my money back somehow . : - -RRB-
 I actually throw it away and bought a Palm product . Do n't bother buying it .
 My Nino has internal battery problems and there is no support for it . It 's garbage .
 I love the style and visual appeal of this device , but the Windows CE interface is so clumsy on this little cutie . I really wish they had gone to another vendor , rather than supporting Microsoft in their efforts to dominate . Basically , since CE is sooo bad , Nino is bad too . I cant stand that start button ! Way to much clicking and pointing for such a small device . Sorry Phillips ! But you did real good on TiVo !
 Everything positive you 've read about the Nino is true , but , according to Philips Nino they are getting out of the PDA business . Already , the ` Nino Store ' at their Web-site is closed . So , if what you need is what comes out of the box , Buy It ! But do n't expect continued Philips support , ROM upgrades , or even a replacement stylus . Alas , the Nino has gone the way of the Dodo , and I own a three-week old dinosaur !
 I recently purchased a Nino 319 for Windows CE software development . The price was very attractive and the offer included a clip-on modem -LRB- which did not work -RRB- . Much to my surprise , the Microsoft Windows CE Toolkit and SDK for VB6 DOES NOT SUPPORT Windows CE 2.0 , only 2.11 . Let this be fair warning , if you intend on developing software for a CE device , buy one that runs 2.11 , stay away from these close-out 2.0 devices .
 When you look at the specifications for the Nino , it looks extremely cool . Colour , large memory , Windows CE . But after working with it for a month , I am seriously considering dumping it . Its actually quite large , it is slow , and as Win CE is a memory hog 8MB is really not a lot . I 'll give it two stars for the screen . It is certainly better than the Aeros . But it seems like the idea behing Nino and Win CE is to cram all the functionality of a notebook into a palm-sized device . It is bound to fail , and it certainly does so in this case . Perhaps I 'll give it a shot if they ever do a new and smaller version of CE . In the meantime , I 'm putting my old Palm Pilot Pro back to work .
 Yes , the `` whopping 8MB '' of RAM is a whole lot more than the 4MB Palm IIIx , but the Nino has less USABLE space if you compare numbers of address entries , calendar items , and To-Do items you can actually retrieve.How ? -LRB- 1 -RRB- The Palm OS operating system is in Flash memory -LRB- not RAM -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The main apps are built-in , not add-ons . -LRB- 3 -RRB- It 's primarily text-based , rather than lots of screen-hogging graphic windows , so it 's much more compact . -LRB- 4 -RRB- It has compression.Looking at the EFFECTIVE memory to get WORK done , even a 2MB Palm can do more than an 8MB WinCE . I do n't think WinCE is bad , it 's just not good for handhelds -LRB- yet -RRB- . Any WinCE machines like the Nino is awkward because of the size , weight , and horrible battery usage -LRB- compared to the Palm -RRB- . The size & weight means they are n't wearable , and if you do n't have it with you , you ca n't use your data.Batteries are wasted on color & sound recording , which is useless on handhelds -LRB- or pagers or cellphones -RRB- . When you run out of battery , you lose access to your data -LRB- and permanently lose any new data -RRB- . What good is a handheld if you do n't have it with you and it wo n't hold your data?Finally , someday there may be support for WinCE applications , but right now everything is on the Palm -- this is a VHS v. Betamax type issue , where WinCE just does n't have support .
 Do n't be fooled by the description . There is no difference between this paper and `` regular '' printing paper . It is essentially the same thing in different packaging .
 The concept and construction of this accessory are great , but the instructions only state how to attach it to the camera
 I thought most phone sets were comparable these days , boy was I wrong . We just got this phone and I wish I had saved the packing so I could have taken it back . This phone gets a lot of static and it always sounds like you are in a cave . Now we just found out that the answering machine is losing messages.You can do much better for the price than this .
 Liked the equipment and it all went together pretty easily . However , negatives were : - quality of base speakerphone was poor - callers complained of ` fuzziness ' when on call using one of the handsetsTook it back
 Ok the final word is that this is a horrible product so do what you can to avoid this one at all cost.With that said , even before it stopped working the sound quality for horrible and the feedback of your own voice was enough to drive the most technological forgiving person up a wall . Avoid it !
 I purchased this product and the static is impossible to get away from . The base also has issues . The only way to get a clear sound is to unplug the 2 handsets , defeating the point of them .
 At first this phone system was GREAT . But then , for no reason , you would answer the phone and the cordless phonewould just beep at you . I reregistered the cordless phone with the base and it would be ok for awhile . But what Ireally like is the GIRL 'S voice in the middle of the night saying -LRB- in a loud voice -RRB- `` Press MEMO to recieve setupinstructions '' There is no volume control for this message , I tried.It is random , you might here the message every 15minutes or sometimes every 1/2 hour or every hour . My remedy was to unplug it . The first one went into the trash.I paid 99.00 EACH for both of mine . After awhile all I got was black bars across the display which render the wholesystem useless .
 I would definately not recommend this system to anyone . Answer Machine playback volume is HORRIBLE . Caller 's say they can not hear what you are saying , poor microphone quality . The reception always has satic , even if you try and change 1/27 channels . I am truly sorry that I picked this phone . Price was nice , but the value is just not here .
 This phone not what I expected , the sound is horrible and no matter how many times change the channel there is static on the line . Everyone I talk to tells me that the phone is full of static ... I am returning it and going back to AT&T brand .
 An absolute hunk of crap . Tons of static , I ca n't understand my wife when she is using it , sounds like she is in a cave . Also , they give you like a 12 inch cord for the corded portion of the phone . Stay away from this phone .
 bought this not so long ago and I am having to replace it already . One handset died shortly after I purchased it and the speaker phone on the other does not work . The batteries run out fast and do not charge right and the answering machine does not record every time . If you do not let it ring several times before answering the caller ID never registers and you have to risk someone hanging up just to get a number to show up . Not happy with the purchase .
 Bought this set from another vendor not amazon , we had to return the first box because the answering machine wasnt working properly , the replacement we got does its job with poor quality . I 'm not even going to waste my time writing more about this phone , all I 'm going to say is go for another brand . I just bought a Panasonic phone and its awesome .
 Please be aware , if you are looking for a phone to record individual OGM 's in the Voice Mailboxes , this is not it . Description indicates you can do this but you can not . Service from Amazon was prompt as was the company ordered from which was kind enough to let me return the phone . Do not order this phone , it is not as indicated .
 I have owned this phone for about 3-4 years . At first , I hated it because on most calls I could barely hear the person I was talking too even with the volume turned all the way up . Then we switched to cable telephone service and suddenly the volume on my phones was GREAT ! But then a few months ago we started losing calls on the cordless handsets and the caller ID on one of the handsets became unreadable . Thought it was the batteries , so bought new ones , but the caller ID is still unreadable . And we are also getting that random `` Press memo to receive setup instructions '' message for no apparent reason . Also have had problems recently with having no dial tone and have to unplug the main base/answering machine and plug it back in to make it work . I have a feeling this phone is dying . Does anyone make cordless phones that last more that 5 years ? But because the phone is not completely useless -LRB- yet -RRB- , I give it 2 stars .
 I feel terribly ofended by the people who have the gutts to sell something that does not work . This is called fraud . The most horrible parts of this phone .1 - When you receive a message in the answering machine , you hardly can hear the message . Sometimes you just can not listen anything , and you know you have a message because the light that announces you have a message is blinking .2 - It has an annoying prerecorded message that announces you have messages , telling you the number of messages and the date + time when they were received . Is so long , that it drives me crazy every time , because I just want to hear the message I do not care at all about how many and when they were received . I would prefer this information be given in written form on the screen , because if you are like me you do not have the time to be wasted in listening to this stupid announcement . This prerecorded message can not be put in mute . The system do not give you this option.I just can believe that GE continues manufacturing and ripping people of their money with this piece of garbage !
 This phone is unbelievably bad . Static , calls dropped , handsets do n't work reliably , confusing base station keys -- and -LRB- WORST -RRB- the voice message it emits at random times
 I bought this phone from an office supply store and have had problems with it ever since . I got on Amazon.com to see what others had to say about it . Sounds like everyone is having the same trouble witht this phone system that I am . The corded phone works well , but the cordless phones are awful . People say I sound terrible on them and when I 'm talking I can hear an echo -LRB- kind of like a bad cell phone -RRB- . I always answer on the cordless phones and run to my office to switch to the corded one to finish the call . Very frustrating ! I returned the first set I bought and exchanged it for another to see if it would work better . It 's not any better , so it must just be the phone . Do n't buy this !!!
 on the box its says `` 40 Name & Number '' but in fact you can only save 10 phone numbers in your address book which is consistent with the user manual . Not sure why any phone made in this day and age would only have 10 memory slots . The phone looks nice but I 'm returning it .
 I bought this cutter at an office supply store . The blade does n't cut through photo stock paper at all . Much worse , it literally fell apart the first time I used it ... Seriously fell to pieces ! I 'm going back to Fiskars cutters .
 My husband bought me Rain Design Inc 's iGo and iLap for the holidays . Both are huge disappointments . The iGo is flimsy , unstable , and - unlike Rain Design claims - not ergonomic at all . Too many plastic parts , nothing fit in smoothly , the keyboard tray slides out too easily . The plastic stand for the MacMini was a ghastly yellow color instead of clear . The legs were scratched and so was the base of the stand . It feels like a child 's toy . The iMac monitor sits too close to the user - this is far from ergonomic . The keyboard tray is too low , even at its highest position . I would love to return it . I most likely will , even though Rain Design 's return policy is just as horrendous as their product - 15 % restocking fee and I have to pay for the return shipping . Needless to say , I shall not be purchasing anything made by Rain Design Inc again .
 First , if you 're looking for it to write well alone then I 'd give it 5 stars . The gel insert that it comes with is fantastic . I immediately ordered 10 . Unfortunately the pen feels like a made in China giveaway , not a $ 100 pen . No , I was n't expecting a Mont Blanc or anything , but I was expecting better quality.What specifically ? The top feels thin and bends real easy , and because it 's so thin it 's sharp , I already have a wear line half way through the pen because I like to put the top on the back when I 'm using it.The `` chrome '' looking pin on the side is plastic , and very cheap . Looks like it 's coming off most the time.What would I have paid for this and been happy ? $ 35
 This is the review for the medium nib . First the good . The pen is light but feels well balanced . The flexible nib has a nice feel on the paper . Unfortunately there seems to be too much ink flowing and it over-saturates the paper and shows through to the other side . I have tested two Namiki Falcon pens with different inks and several papers . The problem was presented with all ink/paper combinations to a lesser or greater extent . The Lamy Safari and a $ 1 chinese pen did not have any problem . I have contacted Namiki support in Florida and they did not have anything useful to suggest . Very disappointing for a pen in this price range .
 This fountain pen is not good because ink is flow out . Now , this is not useful for me . I disappointed with this fountain pen .
 I bought this pen from Amazon Warehouse Deal as it was labelled as `` Used - Like New '' , at US$ 122 . I have been buying products from Warehouse Deal for years and am very happy with Amazon 's consistency and quality of labelling . However , I was in total shock when I received the pen . The hard black case that contained the pen was crushed - the shorter end of the box was badly dented . The quality of the box is good and is very hard . It is unlikely that the pen was damaged during the shipment - the paper white outer cover was having some damage but not serious . It must have been damaged well before Amazon put it up for sales . The quality control personnel in Amazon must have known about the defects . I am very disappointed with this was not reflected in the labelling -LRB- it is certainly NOT like New -RRB- . This might be human error but Amazon must be responsible for the accuracy of the labelling . For the quality of the product I received , it would have been `` Used - acceptable '' and give a large discount for the item . It certainly NOT does not worth US$ 122 I paid . If not because of the pen seems to be alright from the look , I would have put it as no star . I do not live in America , otherwise I would be returning this item and ask for refund -LRB- and that will be the first time for me to return an item after more than 10 years of buying experience from Amazon -RRB- . I am having very unhappy experience this time round .
 IT SAYS FINE NIB , BUT IT WRITES WIIIIDE.EVEN THOUGH GOLDEN NIB , AVERAGE EVEN POOR SLIDING FEELING ON PAPER.NOT HAPPY AT ALL .
 This review is for the Pomegranate Frank Lloyd Wright Leather Sketchbook . I am SO disappointed with this item . It is described as a `` leather slipcase '' , and when it arrived I was happy to see the design of the book was exactly what I expected , however as I continued to examine the item it became abundantly clear that the leather was in fact some kind of `` naugahyde '' , vinyl , or other faux leather . This is VERY disappointing . I was really looking forward to using this book and now I have to send it back . Props to Amazon for making the process simple , however I would really rather have the true leather slipcase that I was expecting . It 's lovely , but it 's not leather . : -LRB-
 When writing , it felt ` extremely gritty ' . It was not fluid at all . Not that this is the most expensive pen in the world , but for the price , one would expect a smooth writing experience .
 This definitely does not have Laser pointer and Single button Black screen option . For some reason users have put wrong information leading us to by this product.My suggestion is pay $ 10 more and by one which as Laser pointer and one touch screen blanker for you to write on board if required .
 Design-wise this is a beautiful lap desk ; it would be a perfect work surface to use with my dual recliner . Unfortunately the desk that arrived had some light green staining on the top/center of the desk . I called the seller and he stated that he had seen the staining when packing it but he sent it out anyway ; he offered twenty dollars off the price or stated he could replace it . I opted to replace it and he quickly sent another desk but the replacement arrived with the same light green staining on the arms this time and issues with poor finish where the holes are for attaching the bolts -LRB- see photos posted -RRB- . I 'm a little disappointed that the seller knew he was sending an item with a defect and decided to take a chance I would n't notice or care , and then he sent a replacement that had the same issues . The majority of my purchases and reviews gain 4 to 5 stars because I count on fellow Amazon reviewers for help in finding the best products , at the best price , from the best sellers so for me a complaint or negative experience of this kind is a rare one - one that I hope * no one * has to repeat . I 'm posting this review so maybe this seller will be a bit more careful and not send out a product when he is fully aware it has defects.Both desks were returned and the seller issued a full refund including shipping costs .
 This product is NOT the water and tear-resistant Scotch mailers as pictured and advertised . They send the regular paper bubble mailers that can be ripped in two by a baby . This is blatant false advertising and anyone who bought these should file a suit . DO NOT BUY .
 Difficult to hold in the hand -LRB- the clip is on the side where you hold the pen ! -RRB- , writes took thick -LRB- bold -RRB- although mine has a medium nib . The product definitely does n't match the price .
 If you ordered the medium nib - and you do n't want globs of ink - get the fine nib . The medium literally bleeds ink on paper and looks absolutely terrible . I could n't be more disappointed with this product considering the overall great reviews that I have read . Other than the terrible look on the paper , the pen feels decently made , hence the 2 stars . If I had to do it over again , I 'd simply pay more and get a decent pen . This was a total waste of money .
 I fully understand that Namiki is not a Mont Blanc , but I certainly expect much more from a $ 132.80 pen . FIRST , there is stubborn trapped air -LRB- bubble -RRB- in the ink reservoir that just stays there . Consequently , the fountain pen needs to be refilled too often . I tried all tricks suggested online to no avail . SECOND , customer service from Namiki Service Department in Jacsonville , Florida , is very disappointing - they did not -LRB- never -RRB- even return my calls ! So what does a 1-year guarantee means ? PRACTICALLY NOTHING , you just get a piece of paper with no value whatsoever . The seller -LRB- penboutique.com -RRB- is not any better . First they tried to be helpful , but soon they lost interest to follow through , simply gave up , and advised me to find help online . This is the customer service quality of a product that costs $ 132.80 ! THIRD , the quality of the product does not match the price . I have to admit that the vanishing-point is a revolutionary idea , but it certainly does not justify the price of cheap plastic . My previous fountain pen , which is a low-end Waterman that costs $ 35 , gave me much more pleasure and 14-year writing satisfaction . Moral
 Take it from a college student that was trying to save some money , this is not worth it.After waiting weeks to receive the chair I could n't even sit in it because the wheels would fly across the room when any pressure was applied . The wheels do n't snap or screw in , they simply stick in a hole . This makes it almost impossible to get all 5 wheels in without the others falling out as soon as it is lifted off the ground . Then after 20 minutes of stategically putting in all wheels they fly all over the room once you sit in it . I returned this quick fast and in a hurry ; save yourself the trouble
 The chairs we received are great -LRB- but only received 2 of the 3 ordered -RRB- , the company is non-responsive ... we ordered 3 chairs , only received 2 and after trying to contact 3 times have yet to hear back .
 The metal area near the bottom and where it raises up to surround the rubber stop is really weak . If you use any type of heavy door especially commercial doors this will not be sufficient . I broke two of them before buying a higher version from Lowes -LRB- the bottom has more height and thus a lot more strength -RRB- . These are fine for light doors but keep in mind the weak point for heavier doors .
 Although this is billed as a guest book , it 's more like an address book . It might be good if you just want people to enter their name , address , and a couple of short notes , but i wanted something for a cabin , where people can feel free to write as much as they wanted . Each page has about 5 separate lines for 5 different entries , which might be ok for a big event -LRB- wake , wedding , etc. -RRB- , but not for a cabin guest book . I had to return it , unfortunately . Otherwise , it really is a very nice book -LRB- hence the 2 stars -RRB- . My wife wanted to keep it anyway because it was such a nice book . I would not have ordered this item if Amazon had a `` look inside '' tab ; maybe they can add this feature for this item .
 I was terribly disappointed in this book ! Upon seeing the picture , I assumed -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- that the book had the engraving on the front in white . Instead it was all brown . It was engraved , but you can hardly see it . Since it was advertised as a guest book , I thought -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- that it would have a place for the name of the event and look like a guest book should look . Instead it looks more like an address book . We had a hard time getting anyone to sign it because of this ! This was purchased for my daughter 's Open House for her 1st home , so wanted it to be just right , did n't happen ! I just feel the description and picture were less than informative and very misleading ! On the good side -LRB- only one I could find -RRB- it seems to be made of quality leather and should last a long time .
 Very disappointing . Purchased and the tape would not print properly . First few letters of label would not print . Upon examination it appeared that the ink tape was broken . So I purchased a new cartridge -LRB- twenty bucks -RRB- , but then the tape would not dispense from the machine . So I returned it and purchased a Brother unit.Stay away from this one . Poor design and.or manufacture !
 This machine was ok when I had the original cartridge it came with in it , but when I bought a replacement for it , it jammed up so bad that I had to rip it out of the machine . When I called dymo for help , they offered no reimbursement of the cartridge , which mind you is $ 20 a piece , and they offered no assistance on how to get the cartridge in so it would n't jam up . I would not recommend this to any one !!! Very unsatisfied !!!!
 Never get to use it because it is too big . I thought I order the wrong size and did not find out until weeks later .
 Got this for Christmas and will be returning it . It 's rated for 10 sheets , but struggled with 6 , and jams up constantly , even when feeding one sheet at a time .
 I got this because I wanted a key ring that was both small and easy to get keys on and off . The problem is that it 's WAY too easy to do the latter . Within two weeks the clasp had already come unscrewed in my pocket several times . Each time keys fell off . Lame .
 I returned the product because the Italian translation vocal was not understandable . Poor audio .
 I bought the Ectaco 800 Version -LRB- 15 languages/Chinese -RRB- . Since I also needed Korean , I bought an MMC for Korean -LRB- card with Korean -RRB- as well . Beware prospective buyers , it 's not worth more than $ 200 , and that 's being generous . You will only feel excited when you are opening the package , after that , it 's all down hill .1 -RRB- the speech synthesis is computer generated and poor -LRB- if you know the word/phrase it is speaking then you will probably understand what is said , otherwise , it is pretty useless -RRB- 2 -RRB- going from English to Korean/other language is fine , but going from the foreign language back to English is ridiculous - you have to bring up a special menu on the screen to enter the foreign letters -LRB- at least for languages that do not use the English alphabet -RRB- , this blocks half of the screen , making it difficult to see possible word choices -LRB- quite clumsy to use -RRB- - you can enter the letters of the foreign language from the keyboard , but not until you open the menu3 -RRB- as for multiple languages , they must be purchased on the same card , you can not add languages to a single card -LRB- you can , but the unit will not acknowledge that it is there -RRB- , so you must switch cards -LRB- I have to switch cards when I go from Chinese to Korean -RRB- - this is quite annoying , but worse , you have to turn the unit off and reset it when you change the card - if that is n't annoying enough , you have to wait for it to perform an upgrade which takes over a minute -LRB- it upgrades every time you switch cards -RRB- - all your preferences are reset to default when you perform the switch4 -RRB- the spoken translation feature is grossly exaggerated in the promotions - you can speak an English phrase and it will translate it , but you have to select a specific category from a menu - if you want to say , `` I 'm checking out , '' you have to first bring up the phrase book menu , select the hotel option , then select the payment option , then say your phrase -LRB- of course , this assumes that you already know that checking out is under payment options in the hotel option category -RRB- - if you want to say , `` have a good day , '' you have to exit and go through the selection process again to get to the appropriate menu , then you can say it - it often gets your statement wrong -LRB- you have to say exactly the phrase it has in the category -RRB- - it is not practical or convenient -LRB- very tedious -RRB- 5 -RRB- the English dictionary is not substantial and you have to enter the word correctly - if you enter the word WORTHLES without the final S , for example , it will process and come back with no matches found -LRB- that 's right , there is no list that appears as you type your word -RRB- - the foreign dictionary , oddly enough , does have a word list that pops up as you type , but you have to switch dictionaries after you find your word -LRB- minor inconvenience -RRB- - the phrase book and foreign dictionary do n't even contain phrases you would expect , for example , if you want to say , `` I love you , '' in the target language , well , too bad , the expression is n't listed anywhere -LRB- not in English , not in the target language -RRB- 6 -RRB- the unit itself has zero storage , so to play MP3 music , you have to load it to the dictionary card - the card is less than a gig and is already half occupied by the dictionary data - the data on the card can be lost or erased , including the dictionaries -LRB- so definitely backup the card onto your computer before you actually load things to it -RRB- - the unit -LRB- $ 600 + -RRB- is nothing more than a paperweight without the card inserted7 -RRB- as noted in 6 -RRB- above , the software for the unit is on a card , but it is not protected , you can delete it , once you have lost the dictionary or corrupted it , it 's gone -LRB- hopefully you have made a back up copy before actually using the card -RRB- 8 -RRB- I have also had problems with the power/battery life - after the first week , the unit completely discharges overnight , whether I have used it for 1 minute or 15 minutes -LRB- I become discouraged with the device quickly enough that I never use it longer than 10 or 15 minutes a day -RRB- 9 -RRB- I have only had the unit for about two weeks , but using the other features it has to offer are equally disappointingOverall , a very big waste of money . I ca n't even bring myself to try and sell it on e-bay , my conscience wo n't let me . I waited two weeks before writing this review because I wanted to convince myself that the unit is n't so bad -LRB- it 's hard for me to accept that I blew this much money -RRB- . For $ 600 + , it 's a piece of garbage . -LRB- I could select a better word than ` garbage ' , but I did n't want the review to be blocked -RRB- .
 Functionality is severely limited , dictionaries are not integrated.Foreign Language input is terrible -LRB- Japanese in my case -RRB- and it is nearly impossible to look up a word that is not conjugated exactly as it is listed in the pre-existing word list . -LRB- and possible uses are not included in the translation -RRB- Extra functionality is silly at bestHeaven forbid ECTACO sends you the wrong items , Customer service is non-exixtent , the people on the other end of the line are trained simply to put you on hold over and over again until you 've been on the phone for 20minutes + and hang up in frustration . -LRB- this has happend to me 3 times so far , and it 's only been 10 days since I bought the device and received the wrong additional items in my delivery -RRB- and after 7 days they will not accept your return -LRB- even within the 7 days they still charge shipping and a 6.5 % restocking fee . -RRB- This is easily the worst online shopping experience I have ever had . I can say with confidence that the ECTACO 800 series translators are a waste of money at any price over $ 30 -LRB- thirty dollars -RRB- . I would also guess , that since this is the high end of their product line that everything else is equally disappointing .
 I bought this specifically for the easy-roll handle depicted in the picture . Instead what arrived was one with a handle which is simply a cardboard extension of the core . No easy-rolling handle.I 'd return it and wait for a replacement , but I need to use it right away.One star for a very misleading photograph .
 This product is inferior to the standard stretch wrap . It was cheaper , but also not as stretchy , did n't stick to itself well , and tore too easily .
 Cute phone , great concept with the radio and alarms , but this phone has no speaker phone option .
 I bought this cute little phone because of it 's size and features . Well , it 's ok for a phone but do n't rely on the alarm . It works when it wants to which is not very often ! I would suggest spending a few more dollars and getting a `` name '' brand ! Looking for a new one myself !
 This is like a bedroom phone , with radio , clock and alarm.No problems related to the radio , but the clock does not have the light up during all time . . its difficult to see . . you need to touch any bottom to have lights on.The alarms have options to set 1 , 5 or 7 days a week , but they are confuse to set.The CID is very nice , and when you are out the lights flash to let you know whne somebody really called you.If your goal is a CID phone go ahead but if its to have a bedroom phone , I would suggest the GE models .
 This unit is an absolute piece of crap . The audio quality of the phone is tinny , fades in and out , and it is almost impossible to have a conversation on it . The radio is also tinny . I 've had better radio sound way back in the 1950 's with a Japanese plastic transistor radio strapped to the visor of my Ford convertible . You ca n't really tune the radio to any degree of accuracy , as the tuning wheel is stiff and difficult to use . The light for the clock only comes on when a button is pushed , then immediately goes off again . You ca n't just roll over , open one eye and see what time it is . Very user unfriendly . After one week , I unplugged this unit and put it on a shelf in the garage . If I had the original box , I 'd send it back to you .
 Worst product ever manufactured . No back light for clock radio poor quality sound . alarm does not work properly . and hard to find the talk button when phone rings . Send back to R&D for upgrades !!!!!
 I purchased these 1 '' tags last month because the description read that they fit all tagging guns . When I received them they did not fit my gun and I was not able to use them . When I tried to return them the seller was suppose to mail me a replacement and we never received it . In the future I am only going to buy tags that meet my specific gun . I would not suggest buying from this seller .
 I desperately need a ` lap desk ' for my macbook and unfortunately this product does not make the grade . It is pretty sturdy it seems , but for my macbook the Cushtop 's smooth covering material and lack of a ` lip ' mean that if it is held at even a slight angle , the laptop quickly slides forward . It is also a bit too high for comfort when working in my armchair . It seems ok if I am sitting completely upright , but I like to kick my feet up ! I am sending this one back and will order an iLap . I 've heard nothing but good things about those from other mac users .
 This particular pen refill is for PhD pens , but NOT for PhD GOLD . I did n't realize that until long after the return period has passed . Other than that I do n't have much to review on this product .
 I never received this item and have attempted to contact seller AccelleratedSales559 as well as amazon no reply from either in over 30 days , just a big waste of time and money !! Do n't do business with them .
 I received the item within 48 hours of it shipping . That part was great . I opened the box expecting to find a `` new '' Belkin Cushtop ... what I found was a Cushtop that had obviously already been used . There are spots on the top and the bottom . It almost looks like someone set it in something and it stained . Have you ever seen detergent spots on clothing ?? That is what this looks like . When something is listed on Amazon as `` new '' it should still have the factory plastic on it . If it has been used for even one day you should n't be marking it as `` new '' .
 product is very good idea but not satisfactory to me because 1 - my laptop iself still gets hot although my lap is protected from the heat 2 - I have a 8.9 inch notebook so this is WAY ! too large and finally 3 - again because of it 's size not portable at allLove the colour though !!! . JAMAICA GRL
 The manufacturers of this laptop accessory have forgotten to make a few holes in the foam . Now the heat from your computer can go nowhere other than the laptop stand . And as it is a type of plastic is starts to smell after using it for a longer time . So it is certainly not a a laptop cooler.Also i would have appreciated it when the bottom material would have been able to mould more around your legs . Now it is just something hard on top of your legs that is quite unstable . Finally i noticed that my computer tends to slide from time to time.So handy thing if you want to us it occasionally but not something for when oyu liek to work in the conservatory for a few hours .
 There is no traction on this notebook `` stand '' so my Macbook laptop slides right off the smooth angled top and onto my lap . Completely non-functional as a lap desk or stand of any kind , unless you want your computer crashing to the floor when you 're not looking!Unlike other reviewers , I like the look and color options for this , but none of that matters if the darn thing does n't do what it 's supposed to .
 Sound constantly drops out . The phones are going back to Circuit City ASAP.This is what I get for trying to buy on the cheap ...
 This phone is the worst investment I 've made . People on the other end have a tought time listening to what I say . When I call a number that is operated by an automated voice mail system , the call usually becomes distorted . Furthermore , when I enter number -LRB- such as an account number -RRB- the system does not recognize the entry or the call gets dropped.I do not recommend this purchase .
 I read the reviews and decided this sounded like a good phone . I have owned it only a couple of days and already I am having problems . The answering machine does not hang up once the caller has disconnected . The caller ID rarely works and the reception has been poor . I am returning this phone ASAP . I previously owned a Uniden that lasted me about 10yrs . This experience is definitely turning me back to Uniden .
 We used to have a old GE 900 MHz phone , and the reception was WAY better than this 2.4 GHz . We 're in a tiny little condo , so the phone is never very far from the base , and the phone has constant static . The person on the other end can hear the static too . It is also kind of difficult to hear the other person , even with the volume turned up . And sometimes we even get piercing feedback -- ouch ! I am going to return this phone if I still can , and probably get another GE phone .
 I 've owned this phone for a year or two . The reception is crisp and clear and the battery life is great . The problems lie elsewhere . Many times I have to dial my number two or three times in order for the call to go through . I can punch in a number , hearing each tone as I hit the button , but then -- nothing ! If I hit redial , the number goes through . At times I hear the tone when I hit the button but it does n't register on the LCD -LRB- which is too small and not back-lit -RRB- . It also has a tendency to drop dead on me in the middle of a long call , a sudden click and the connection is gone . At no time have I had such problems on this line with any other phone . The answering machine is also a pain . You can only turn the answering machine off , not lower the volume to the point where you ca n't hear an incoming message . When I 'm working I do n't want to hear a voice droning in the background . I finally just turned the answering machine off and connected a seperate answering machine with decent volume control . I 'm now dumping the thing altogether and shopping for another phone .
 I like motorola products however this phone is no good . the ear piece that came with it did not work , and when I answer the phone it takes about 2 seconds for it to connect clearly . Seems like an eternity . When it does clear up I can hear clearly , but the person on the other end , hears a `` swishing '' noise . Driving me crazy just like my panasonic that I replaced ! Tried changing channels , no luck . Have to take it back . are there any good cordless phones ?
 i have had this phone for a year and from day one it has been terrible the ringer just goes tingle - tingle ca n't hear it the volume is terrible really there is nothing i like about it . i am looking for a replacement the only reason i kept it this long i want to make sure i do n't buy another lemon do n't waste your money i paid more for mine
 I read the reviews and decided this sounded like a good phone . I have owned it only a couple of days and already I am having problems . The answering machine does not hang up once the caller has disconnected . The caller ID rarely works and the reception has been poor . I am returning this phone ASAP . I previously owned a Uniden that lasted me about 10yrs . This experience is definitely turning me back to Uniden .
 We bought 3 of these chairs for highly intensive use -LRB- 12 + hours per day -RRB- . Purchased the chairs 3/2004 . 5/2004 the 1st chair started falling apart - arms started splitting , would n't raise/lower , started sticking in the reclined back position . By July 2004 , the 2 other chairs followed suit . We ca n't take them back to the retailer and ca n't find the manufacturer . We have tried contacting Raynor Marketing with no response . So much for $ 600 + dollars - should have bought folding camp chairs - would have cost alot less , are returnable and the left over money would have paid for a Chiropractor !!! I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BRAND TO ANYONE .
 Mounting tape was missing in all four packages ! Had to purchase tape in order to use product . Outside of that , it was as represented .
 Positives
 I wanted to love this chair , and at the price it 's a steal , however it simple is n't designed for an average adult male -LRB- 6 ' 0 '' and 210 lbs in my case -RRB- . The primary issue is that the seat is too narrow . The product specs indicate that the chair is 23 '' wide , and that 's the correct total width including the armrests . The important dimensions are the width of the seat and the width of the bungee cord . The seat itself is 19 '' wide , however the bungees only account for 14.5 '' of that width . The 2.25 '' on either side of the bungee cord is hard plastic which holds the cord in place . The issue is that the top of this plastic sticks up 0.25 '' above the bungee cord , which creates a ridge of hard plastic on either side of the cord . If your butt is wider than 14.5 '' when sitting , the result is that these hard plastic ridges will start to press into your gluteal muscles and cause discomfort and pain in short order.This is unfortunate because the support and give that the bungee cord provides is excellent in every way and I would have loved to have used this chair full time . As it is , I gave the chair to my 14 year old son , who loves it . However , this chair was purchased for myself originally and therefore I feel it necessary to rate it only 2 stars.So , measure your butt before placing the order ; if it 's 14.5 '' or less , absolutely go for it . I 've also been actively searching for a wider bungee chair for myself , but have n't been successful . If anyone out there finds one with a bungee width in the neighborhood of 18 inches , please do let me know .
 I 'm really not certain that this is the chair I bought at all . The packaging was opened at the top and there were no accompanying documents -LRB- instructions , warranty , etc. -RRB- . I finally figured out that the chair back can be raised 5 clicks ; 6 clicks makes it slide all the way back down . The adjusting handle on the front left -LRB- for the seat to slide forward and back -RRB- is digging into my left calf so if you like to sit with your legs somewhat underneath you this chair is not going to work for you . Plus , I figured `` mid-back '' to mean that the top of the chair back would come up at least to my shoulder blades if not above them . Wrong . The majority of the chair back is in the small of my back -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- so do n't figure to be leaning your head back . Fit and finish are poor ; I do n't know whether this is lousy QC on Hon 's part of if the ride here from California was just rough , although some of the sewing is pretty amateurish.On the plus side , the chair arms are short so you can pretty much get as close to your work surface as you want . Also , the chair is fairly heavy so its durability is likely to be pretty good.For me , $ 400 for this chair is way too much . Yes , it 's adjustable but for another human , not me . I 'm going to hold on to it , though , because the original packing is absolutely unsuitable and also because it would be a complete pain in the rear trying to get this thing to a shipper . When I go to buy another office chair I wo n't be doing it online .
 I purchased my first tube locally and it was hard in the tube.I complained to Elmer 's and they send me a second tube.When I opened the second tube , it had also hardened in the tube .
 Does not open wide enough for my windows , but would work well for most sliding windows .
 Oxford Pocket Protectors , Grained White Vinyl , 3/packConsidering how little vinyl items cost and that it 's likely these were manufactured totally by machine , and given their flimsy `` quality '' 3 for $ 10 for these is absurd . If they were like the pocket protectors of old , substantial , I would n't cavil . But these are incredibly flimsy . As soon as I put one into the pocket of my shirt and put a pen and a pen light in it , the outside flap began to curl up - this would n't have happened back in the day and is unacceptable today . Likely another `` benefit '' of globalization and the destruction of American manufacturing . No manufacturer name on these - likely would n't be so if made in the USA with the quality we used to have . Buy them if you wish - I 'll never buy them again .
 I would prefer two dixie cups and a piece of string ... Honestly , I am considered pretty tech savvy by my friends and family , and normally can get just about anything to work . Not these phones.After struggling with a set of 2.4 GHz phones , I finally decided to try the DECT 6.0 phones . It so happened that these SEEMED to fit the bill.How sadly wrong I was ... They have trouble connecting , there is lot 's of digital noise , and we 've tried every remedy . GE 's customer support had no idea what I was talking about -LRB- I , of course -RRB- had to use my cell phone to make the call . We were told to send them in to the company.Trying to make a call is often an ordeal , and I will replace them with the next crank type wall phone I can find.Ergonomically speaking , they are comfortable to hold and have withstood frequent poundings on the desktop with hardly a scratch . I think these boys could survive an IED ! Of course , with the frustration factor , they 'd have to.The last two things I hate is the backlighting ... it is n't the keys that are backlit , it is the ring around them , providing NO help dialing in the dark . Also , since I have AT&T ; voice mail , the phones frequently light up every 5 minutes or so as the message box is queried , making it impossible to keep in the bedroom.Run , do n't walk , AWAY from these phones . Or better yet , support our troops by sending a set to every Al-Qaeda operative you know . That should shut 'em down better than a flurry of JDAMs .
 What made me purchase this phone
 This is the worst phone I ever had . There are so many downsides , for example , you ca n't sort the phonebook by alphabet or search for entries . You always have to go through the numbers 1-50 . The volume is too low and there are only 4 steps of volume control . Further the `` exit '' button and the star -LRB- * -RRB- button are the same . Who designs something like that ? You ca n't even save the forwarding to voicemail or your cellphone in the phonebook this way.But the worst feature ever is yet to come . If the battery gets low the phone warns you with a very loud beep . Not through the speaker on the back - it beeps way too loud right into your ear . The fact that the overall volume of the other side of the line is low makes you push the phone close to your ear - so when the battery beep comes you can hear it even louder . I had hearing loss because of noise before and I know how it starts . If you experience these loud beeps more often so close to your ear you can easily hurt your eardrums.A major design flaw like this should be enough to take this piece from the market . I ca n't imagine how a company like GE can build something like that . This phone allone has dramatically reduced my perception of GE as a quality producer .
 I was alreday a bit disillusioned with this phone before I read that first review . Now I am definitely taking it back . For me I find it cutting off messages left before they are complete . I am going to get a Panasonic I think . I do not recommend this phone for safety reasons cited in reviewer 1 , and the display is really hard to read , as well as messages getting cut off .
 I purchased this product to ship cell phones out in . The packaging is very hard to write on and smudges a lot.If you print all your labels this product would be fine . However , if you hand write you shipping information I would not recommend this product .
 I thought I could use these to ship collectible blu-rays and DVDS , but no go . These are flimsy envelopes and the bubble interior peels up with even the slightest pressure , offering very little protection to the objects inside . I 'd think twice about using them without reinforcing it with cardboard . The seller I got them from was one of many on the list -LRB- we 're not supposed to specify -RRB- , though I 'm pretty sure all of them sell the same product .
 Mine broke after 1.5 yrs . almost broke my laptop as well.Will NEVER buy an xbrand laptop cooler AGAIN.next I 'm going to try the R9-NBS-4UAK .
 This product has two major flaws :1 . The ` ergonomic ' label is only applicable with an external keyboard . Used alone , any ` ergonomic ' quality is contradicted by the front shelf , which is meant to hold the laptop in place when the stand is at angles greater than 90 degrees . However , the shelf is wide enough -LRB- ~ 9 in -RRB- and high enough -LRB- ~ 2 in -RRB- and has sharp corners that press into the wrists and can interfere with blood flow to the hands . -LRB- Not to mention being very uncomfortable . -RRB- The size of the shelf does n't really show up in the product photos . Not really possible to unlock it and keep it laid flat , as the laptop slides forward out of the cradle .2 . The stand is not stable from front to back . When a laptop is placed on it and you put your hands on the keyboard , the stand tips forward slightly until it touches down in front . There is no counterbalancing weight to keep the whole thing solid . The wobble action is very distracting .3 . While not a major flaw , the ' 360-degree movement ' is provided not by a neck joint in the stand itself but by four wheels underneath the stand that allow the whole thing to be rolled to another angle . These wheels contribute to the lack of front-back stability.I like to use a laptop because it allows me to compute in different locations . Being limited to an external keyboard by a less-than-versatile laptop stand seems pointless.I 'll be returning mine in favor of something that can accommodate two wrists ergonomically .
 This is the second laptop stand I bought after I had to return a previous model which could n't support my 17 '' laptop in a stable manner.This one does support my 17 '' laptop well but lacks portability and can not be set to an angle that I like.I much prefer to use an altogether different stand from Targus which amazon does not carry at the moment . That model is much more portable and can be set to an angle that I like .
 I would not recommend these phones . They beep and turn off constantly . I can only guess it is because I have wireless internet in my house . The wireless internet is not connected to the same phone line that these phones are connected to so that should not be why . The only reason I have not returned the phones is because my children threw away the box .
 I purchased this phone about 1 1/2 years ago and it finds new ways to fail me every couple of months . All batteries are about shot , there is a lot of static in the sound , and the display is faded and no longer provides a legible caller ID . The display looks like foreign symbols of a language from a distant land , maybe Shangri-La . Due to my frustration with this product , I have strongly considered deactivating my home phone service . I usually do not go out of my way to comment on a product unless I am extremely pleased or dissatisfied with its performance . Going out of my way to write a review about this product so that others do not make a similar mistake , is apart of my moral obligation to society . I do have other VTech products that work exceptionally well . This phone should 've probably been more thoroughly tested before entering the market for sale . DO NOT PURCHASE !
 Static & whooshing noise , range is non-existent , phone beeps & drops calls in the next room , volume control & ringer volume are so difficult to control , you either ca n't hear the voice or it 's too loud & when they ring loudly they sound like a fire alarm ! Caller ID reads 1 missed call instead of name & number until you press buttons to expose name & by that time it 's too late to answer it . If you answer on phone # 1 & call is for another person in the home , you have to know if they have phone # 2 or # 3 in their hand , then press select & the number of the phone they have !! So you have to yell out `` what # phone do you have ? '' they have to answer you then you have to transfer by pressing select & the correct phone # since two phones are dead when you answer one ! Did I lose you yet ? I 'm returning these horrific phones tomorrow . I unfortunately purchased a set for my mom as well , never opened that box & they 're going back too , quicker than you can say `` these phones bleep ! ''
 We bought this phone b/c a previous vtech phone served us well . This one , however is just missing too many key features that I took for granted . For instance , there is no speaker phone feature -LRB- was great for when I was put on hold -RRB- and the ringer volume control only works if you press it WHILE the phone is ringing , and then resets to `` loud '' for the next call - in my house the phone keeps waking up the baby and I ca n't set any handset or the base to silent mode . Also , switching to pick up call waitibg is a crapshoot , you never know if you will disconnect one or both people . If you want a totally stripped down phone , this might work for you . For anyone else , it 's a step down .
 Do not buy these phones ! I got them for my mom and the sound quality is AWFUL . There is a constant low buzzing sound . I am returning them . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 Very unhappy with item . Had power but would not work plus , Three Handset item was only Two Handset so what the heck
 I bought this worthless piece of equipment because it was on sale and I wanted a phone with more than one handset . I had not planned to buy a phone that day or else I would have done more thorough research . I simply got it in the midst of holiday shopping as an afterthought . I 'LL NEVER DO THAT AGAIN !! I 've had nothing but trouble with this phone for the little time I 've had it.An important feature for me -- and I 'm sure for others as well -- is the ability to use the Caller ID list to return calls . I try not to keep lots of numbers in my head and so being able to look at the Caller ID list and hitting the dial button is a must . On this phone however , ou can rarely if ever , get it to dial the number called from the Caller ID as the numbers do n't `` go through '' . In other words , it does n't `` count '' or recognize the numbers and so you get that annoying `` you need to dial the area code '' message.Then there 's the static and overall shoddy mechanics of the phone . Half of the time I ca n't go from room to room while using the phone because the static is so bad that the person on the other end ca n't hear what I 'm saying . Simply put , this phone is totally worthless and a waste of money at any cost !! From now on I do research before I buy anything with moving parts -- no matter how few those parts are !!!
 The other comments about static and low range were proven by my experience with this phone . I have used other VTECH phones with great success . Unfortunately this is not true for this model .
 The phone was cheap ... and now I know why ! Crazy beeping , loud static and short battery life . Do n't waste your money on this phone .
 We have not had the problems that the other people have listed above , where the phone just does not work -LRB- even though we have a wireless network as well -RRB- . However , we have had a consistent battle with the caller ID . We have DirectTV , and the receivers pick up the caller ID before the phone . Actually , most time the caller ID never comes up before the message kicks off .
 Frustrating phone , all you hear is static , beeping when out of range in the next room .
 Wow - I picked these phones up at a local discount chain and I thought I got a great deal . I was soooo wrong . These phones should have come with a check paying me to try them . Like the other reviewer - I threw away the box so I could n't return them . Also , if one phone is dying , you ca n't just pick up another phone - you have to ` transfer ' the call . The worst part came after we owned the phones for three weeks
 I should have read the reviews before I bought this phone . I plugged it in and that was the last time it worked . After it charged I tried to call and got nothing but static . If you have a wireless connection in your house this phone will not work . After that I never got another dial tone on any handset . It always said , `` connecting '' and never connected . This is just a horrible phone .
 I use large quantities of matte CD labels for inkjet printing , and was very pleased with the Memorex brand for ten years
 In about 2000 , I made a series of beautiful CD labels using the Memorex CD Label program -- Then , when my computer imploded , lost that program and had no way to even open the labels until I bought the current software.AND IT IS TERRIBLE -- Where previously the software was use-friendly , quick and allowed a lot of artistry , now it is a slow , primitive version of its former self.I just wonder -- Why would Memorex shoot their own software in the foot like this ? Are they just planning to phase it out entirely , but making it too difficult and time-consuming to even use ?
 i did n't know that the templates are n't made for macs - and the alternative software does n't work well at all . i 've given up !
 These particular Memorex CD labels are a much lower quality then what is advertised here . The Memorex product number on the bottom of the sheet is different than the one shown in the picture . I do n't think the seller has any control over this . It appears that Memorex decided to use lower quality materials and sell them as the same thing to save a little on the bottom line . However , the difference in quality is very obvious to anyone who uses photos on thier CD covers .
 I bought these labels to use with my Portrait/Wedding Slide shows DVDs . At first they would stick firmly to the CD/DVD . I ; ve had these labels now for 10 months , and they have lost a lotof their adhesive property . A few weeks ago I attached a label to a DVD and inserted the DVD into the Drive to test the burn . Well , my Mac made such a noise I immediately ejected the disk.I noticed the label was not adhering at the edges and created a bubble . I printed two more and burnt an additional 2 DVD before getting lucky . YEsterday , I printed a label for a portrait shoot I didon the weekend and the label would 'n even stick to the DVD . I will throw the rest of these labels away and purchase an AVERY brand . I might mention that I was half way through a pack of 120 when this issue started.I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The labels work well and make a nice customized CD or DVD , but it caused trouble with my CD player . I would not recommend this item as it my CD ended up getting scratch and spit out .
 I kept clicking on the free download option , but all I got was ads trying to get me to buy versions of Memorex software . I finally got tired of trying to get Memorex to make good on their offer whereupon I decided to cut my losses , trash their useless -LRB- to me -RRB- labels , and firmly resolve to avoid all Memorex products in the future .
 This is a horrible set , very touristy and not meant for someone who actually wishes to learn Shufa/Seoye/Shodo . I want to prevent westerners and anyone else who may not know better from buying this kit.The brushes are of horrible quality , the hairs are not secure in the handle -LRB- they fall out very easily , at the lightest touch -RRB- , and some of the brushes are even broken.The inkstick is fake , made for tourists , probably composed of burnt car tires , and it smells horrible . Real inksticks intended for serious use will smell fragrant with Chinese herbs and medicines . Needless to say , it makes poor quality ink , and good luck using that tiny ink grinding stone.The seal paste that comes with it is not the stuff that artists in East Asia use . It is cheap , and if you use it with a seal , it leaves a pool of gross oil on the paper around the imprint of the seal . Do not use it , unless you only wish to test your seal.The little spoon that comes with the water dish is made of yellow plastic , and not metal . The lion carving on top of the seal was disfigured and poorly carved on the one that came with my set . The seal itself is usable though -LRB- one of the few good things about the set -RRB- . The only reason why I do not give this product only a single star is because it comes with a usable seal , and the brush rest and paper weight are also decent .
 I expected a better quality product for the price I paid for this item . It comes in a very cheap container that does not hold the contents securely . Appears to be made from cardboard . Very poor quality . The brush hairs are already coming out and it hase n't even been used yet . It was also packaged poorly and arrived soaking wet . The paper that comes along with this product was also poor quality .
 Brushes are absolutely terrible and break at the slightest inclination . Everything else is wonderful , but the product is ruined by the crappy brushes .
 This large calligraphy set box is beautiful . The red and gold brocade is glued very tightly and neatly around the gray pasteboard frame . The plastic toggles almost resemble bone or ivory toggles . The box is provided with weights of various shapes to prevent breezes from causing accidents .
 I have several of Nissan travel mugs and cups , all high quality very durable . Thought this desktop set would be a reasonable quality item , huge mistake.Other than the cup itself , the rest of the items are poorly made . The self put together clock seriously is the type of item you find in $ 0.99 store . The platform itself is very light weight , try to pull the sticky pad and the whole thing moves unless you fill the cup with water to add weight.The photo holder keeps falling down.The paperclip , pen , and misc item holders are made in odd places that is really difficult to get anything out of it.If you want something nice on your desk for display , this looks cheapy . If you want an organizer to clean up the desk , it does n't hold much and too odd shaped to be useful . So it fails on both end which makes the item useless . The only reason for the extra star is because the cup is still a high quality Nissan cup .
 Not only does this pen quickly run out of ink , but it does so in sputters , so the last writing you do with it always looks terrible .
 500 sounds a lot , but is only a small package . I think it worthes 1 dollar only !! You can find things cheaper and nicer from Walmart
 What the other two guys said
 These did not suit my needs . If you intend to use them the same way that I tried using them , then I recommend you do n't buy these . Here is how I had planned on using them.As I read , sometimes I encounter words that I do not know . When this happens I stop , write the word down , then continue reading . A friend had suggested getting these arrow flags and sticking it to the word , so I would not have to break my flow of reading . Here is what I found .1 . In some books the arrow 's adhesive will pull the text off of the page . The ink sticks to the adhesive . No good .2 . Lets say I mark 10 words . After I am done reading , to go back and find all of the arrows seems like more work than just stopping reading , and writing the word down right then.For other purposes I 'm sure these arrows are great . Keep in mind that I am rating the product in relation to this specific purpose.Thank you for reading my review ! : -RRB-
 The pen worked OK the first time but even stored in the upright position I have been unable to get it to work the second time . This is the second pen and it did n't work any better than the first.Looked up papermate and found Sanfordcorp.com . Decided to send them an Email to see if they knew how to unstick the pen . Got a reply in less than 2 hrs asking if I wanted a replacement , to mail the pens back so they could find what was wrong and an offer to pay for shipping . Or if I still had the receipt , a refund . Pretty darn prompt for any business nowdays . I 'm impressed .
 What can you say about a product that simply does n't work ? Run away , RUN AWAY ! Do n't waste your time . In spite of shaking it and following the directions , it just ... does n't ... work . No correction fluid comes out . I can hear liquid sloshing around inside , but it wo n't flow through the tip.If there were a 0-star rating , this product would warrant it .
 Several of us tried the PaperMate Liquid Paper Pens and were all very disappointed . Personally , I 'd rather go back to the old White-Out product than buy anymore of these pens . Maybe we 'll try another brand before we totally give up on the pens . It 's a great idea , but these do not work well , if at all .
 I bought this correction pen thinking it would make it easier to white-out and correct lines of text in documents . The first time I used it , minutes after buying it , I had a terrible experience.It was difficult to get the fluid to flow . I shook it as instructed , etc. . Once it started to flow , it was all skips and splotches , making a mess of my document.A couple of weeks later , I just tried using it again . Now it is harder to start the flow , and it makes a worse mess than before.The handgrip seemed like a handy idea , but actually it does n't fit my smaller hand very well.I would never buy this pen or any of its cousins in the same brand name . Maybe other brands work better -- this one is terrible.The old-school brush and bottle of white-out was and is a lot better , allowing for precise control of the amount of cover and the placement of the white lines .
 11-24-10Just got these pencils today after reading the reviews . Not much talked about regarding erasing , but took a chance.Bought these as a teacher who works with kids in a help class and sometimes help kids in math by marking up their paper.Because I wanted my markups to stand out , I wanted a colored pencil , but kids sometimes want to erase the teacher marks.Opened them up , eager to see , drew a line and then tried to erase and TERRIBLE . Fades about 50 % of the writing , but can easily see what was drawn or written.Tried other colors , all the same result - can still see what was written after erasing - tried another eraser - NO BETTER.Do not buy if looking for the `` erase '' factor of a colored pencil.Will continue to search.p.s . I contacted seller
 I should have listened to the one bad review . They just do n't erase . I have used crayola erasable colored pencils and each eraser matches the color of the pencil . Those erase much better . If I wanted a pencil that did n't erase I would have boughten regular ones . They are good quality in that they do n't break easy and sharpen well , but if you are looking for an erasable pencil I would go with crayola or something else .
 I bought four of these pencils . Of the two I use the most often , the erasers broke off long before they wore out . Once the eraser breaks , the stub can not be removed with your fingers . You 'll have to use a screwdriver or other tool to remove the broken eraser . I recommend the Pentel Twist-Erase over this product .
 The Sanford -LRB- R -RRB- Prismacolor -LRB- R -RRB- Col-Erase -LRB- R -RRB- 20045 pencil in the picture and item heading is what I was required to purchase for my Dental Hygiene clinicals . So I ordered the item on this page . When the box showed up it contained generic red seminary pencils which might be good if you need a general red pencil for your church activities but is not at all what I ordered or need for my classes . Big dissapointment . One star because you ca n't give zero .
 I loved the black Bic Atlantis pens and wanted more . I ordered them from Amazon . They are not the same pen in the picture . They are nothing like the `` old '' pens . They seem to have been cheapened . They do not write fluidly like the old ones . They seem to be a fine point rather than medium point . They no longer have the nice soft grip on the bottom . I 'm putting them in the closet and trying to find the `` old '' Bic Atlantis pens I loved .
 The pens I received were nothing like those pictured . The box had obviously been opened and filled with pens other than those originally in the box . Apparently I am not the only one to have this problem -- do yourself a favor , and buy these somewhere else .
 Bic Atlantis `` Super Smooth '' - great pen ; it 's my favorite ; Bic Atlantis `` Easy Glide '' - poor quality , feels cheap , ink smears - would not buy it .
 These are quite possibly the worst pens I 've ever bought . They write unevenly and often leave blobs of ink that run through multiple pages . Before wasting your money run to the supermarket and get cheaper ones .
 I have been a big fan of the original BIC Atlantis pens for years . Besides having a comfortable , classic shape , they were some of the only pens in their price range that wrote nearly flawlessly with no inconsistencies or smudges . Unfortunately , BIC seems to have replaced them with a newer , much lower quality version that bears little resemblance to the original other than the shape . The quality is noticeably poorer , with frequent sputters and smudges . The pen also looks worse , with a brightly colored body and white grip instead of the original transparent body.I was particularly frustrated with my Amazon purchase because the advertised picture clearly shows the original BIC Atlantis , but what you receive is the new poor-quality version . Shameless case of bait and switch !
 I used to love these pens but the new easy glide ink smears , gets on my hands and on other documents that come in contact . I do not recommend these pens .
 I stuck with this rotten pen all semester because of how much I paid for them at the campus book store here at the University of Wisconsin-madison . Definitely the worst pen I ever paid money for ... it is even harder to use if you have to write small and fast while taking lecture notes . They should give me a full refund and be glad I do n't sue for the pain and suffering it has caused me this semester . What a piece of crap !
 I bought a box of the Atlantis pens because the picture on the box is of the old version - an excellent pen . I was disappointed / frustrated when I received a box of the `` new , '' leaky pens . They await their fate
 I ordered the BIC Atlantis that was shown in this review , but it is not the same pens they sent me . I ask them to make good on the order and send me what I requested . The customer service rep argued with me , would not send me what I ordered and would not refund because I had opened the package.He said what they sent me was a newer version and they would not send me what is pictured in the offering and in this review . This is the worst service I have ever had from Amazon.I think they should send me pens that are pictured in the offering . In the future they should change the ad to reflect what they are going to send , because they did not send what I ordered
 I 've used these pens before , so I know they work just fine and the ink should glide right out of the tip . But out of the entire box of pens I got from Amazon , most were dried and faulty . I had to send them back . Disappointed , b/c I do a lot of Amazon shopping and usually most of their stuff is great . I would n't waste your time buying these pens here , though .
 This was a disaster of a shelving unit . I got it , unpacked it and raised my eyebrow at the seemingly flimsy construction materials , but thought `` Hey , maybe when it 's together , it 's stable . '' It is n't . To give you an idea of how flimsy this `` metal '' unit is , my two year old picked up one of the `` stability '' bars , and was able to bend it in half . The materials are about as strong as tinfoil . Seriously , you get what you pay for with this unit .
 The worst shelving unit I 've ever had the displeasure to assemble . Connectors do not fit in shelves , each piece had to be modified , connectors are flimsy and bend much too easily . Beware , apparently this company has absolutely no quality control .
 Who engineered this product ? The materials are so thin , they bend like aluminum foil . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . Assembly is practically impossible given the materials and design . I would not trusy anything of value on this shelving -LRB- assuming you ever get it put together -RRB- ! Also , the price listed here is double the going rate at various retailers . Instead , I recommend a product offered at Home Depot that is rated for twice the weight and seems worth the money -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- . Good luck !
 Just bought this an hour ago at target , and I 'm not even sure how it holds up it 's own weight in the picture . The other reviews say it all , and I wish I had read them before assembling this tin foil disaster . Even managed to cut my hand handling the razor thin metal while I was trying to disassemble it .
 I bought this product offered by Office Depot and was happy until i started unpacking it , Here are the things that i recount happeninng when i started to assemble it .1 -RRB- All the parts are not labeled . It took me nearly hour and half to figure out what the various pieces for .2 -RRB- The screws are not packaged correct . It was like playing a puzzle , which number matches with which part3 -RRB- After a couple of hours of assembly , i found out that some of the pieces were missing . Gladly i found a customer service rep on a Sunday . Hopefully i will have the parts in a few days4 -RRB- To top it all , when i tried to moved this assembled product one of the leg pieces gave up and now i have a new handicapped hutchI recommend that this producuct is a waste of money , ,
 I bought a 4 pack at OfficeMax because it looked nice , it comes with a replacements for the lead AND the eraser top . But I really regret it . The lead keeps breaking -LRB- while in the tube -RRB- so when I press to put more lead out , it comes out a little bit and then when I write , it pushes it back in so I keep pressing it until it falls out and I repeat . It 's pathetic . I 'm actually writing this right now after I got frustrated while writing some homework and the lead broke once again . I 'm sure there are cheaper brands with more reliability than this .
 - Shoddy construction-Poor mechanism-Breaks the lead within a few clicks-Exhausts the reservoir within minutes of -LRB- attempted -RRB- useI really regretted this buy , and I 'm glad this item is n't available any longer .
 The BIC ClicMaster # 2 looks great and has an amazing eraser . My problem is the tedious manula loading required for EVERY new lead replacment . You have to pull open the eraser , grab one of the extra leads , then hold down the buttons as you slowly feed it into the pen!Maybe I 'm doing something wrong , but I doubt it . I 've tried opening everything . I 've tried patiently clicking the pencil 100x 's w / no lead coing through.Bottom Line
 I purchased this TV cart and had to call Home Decorators because I could n't assemble it . There were no instructions included . They said I could download the instructions from the web , so I did . There were no words , only tiny , badly drawn pictures . From what I could tell , it looked like the holes were drilled in the wrong place on the top shelf . I called customer service again and they sent me another shelf which had the same problem . I called customer service again and said `` maybe I 'm doing something wrong , is there someone who can explain the assembly to me ? '' The customer service person said she did n't want to ask any of the `` warehouse guys '' for help because they 're sarcastic and make fun of her . I called the customer service supervisor to complain . The supervisor went ahead and asked someone in the warehouse to help me . He said to put the rest of the cart together and screw the troublesome shelf on last . I said `` how is that going to make a difference ? it is n't going to change the position of the holes '' But I did what he said and of course , it did n't make a difference . So , I called customer service again . She said maybe it was a defective batch of carts sent to Home Decorators from the manufacturer in Taiwan.My boyfriend used the power drill to screw the shelf onto the legs , he made new holes with the drill , so the cart got assembled but . It did n't come out all that great because the wood is cheap and -LRB- now -RRB- has too many holes in it so its wobbly . I decided it was n't worth it to send it back at this point , I 'm just going find another cart elsewhere that does n't need assembly.I will never buy from Home Decorators ever again . This was the most frustrating experience with mail-order furniture that I 've ever had.PK
 This is a good idea , but I find the cloth too small . It 's also too difficult to push the cloth back into the little bag . And finally , I think clip attachment should be a little longer . I do n't recommend this one for professional work . See my uploaded photo .
 This pencil is perhaps the worst i have ever used . the lead breaks so easily that i constantly have to pump out more and there is no tension on the lead so you have to hold the pencil flat for it to come out or else the whole piece falls out . I would recommend spending the extra money and getting a quality mechanical pencil or just using an old fashioned one
 The one BIG problem with these pencils is that if you put any pressure on the lead , it goes back up forcing you to have to click constantly . I do n't think I put excess pressure on the pencil -LRB- the lead does n't break -RRB- , but I 'm having to constantly click to bring the lead back down because it keeps pushing back up . Frustrating !!! I would try another product , I would n't buy these again .
 Thought this was a good buy for my grandson who loves mechanical pencils . However , I could have bought this cheaper at Target !
 I 've been using the same exact bic mechanical pencils for about 12 years . I remember they used to be the best pencils when I was in elementary and middle school . Sad that they diminished the quality so bad . I just bought my last and final pack of these cheap pieces of garbage . The two biggest issues and only issues that could possibly make a mechanical pencil fail is this : The lead always pushes in when you 're writing . That gets extremely annoying because you have to keep pushng out more lead everytime the lead gets pushed in.The second issue is that the lead ALWAYS slides out when pushing the lead out ! So the first problem makes you have to keep pushing lead out . But literally one hour after using the pencil , if you push the lead once , 3/4 of the entire lead stick just comes out and you have to push it back in , if it does n't break and fall on the floor.These pencils are such garbage . Never again will I buy anymore bic products , I guess i have to now go for the better quality more expensive papermate pencils . Those work way better and do n't screw up everytime .
 My uncle ordered this pack of pencils for me and I got a box in the mail with 1 pencil in it . It said on the packing slip to contact `` Customer Service '' for help and there was no number or address for customer service . I would not order this item , as you may get ripped off just like me .
 The product did not turnout the way it was mentioned and displayed . The gsm was bad and the thickness was also lacking .
 Although this item has multiple translation capacities , it did not meet myexpectations . It is good for travelers to foreign countries who engage in very little conversation , but it s not good for advanced translation needs .
 Yes , you usually get what you pay for ... . so , I 'm not surprised . This unit will translate words and short phrases into 5 different languages but the interface is not friendly and the little screen only shows about 2 or 3 words so you are constantly spacing the little '' > '' button to reveal the rest . It is always throwing out error messages even for simple english phrases.I ca n't imagine sitting at a restaurant and using it to help communicate . By the time you found the correct words the waiter would be on break.Perhaps back in the hotel room with plenty of time one could create some important phrases and store them.I think I will do better with my little Berlitz pocket phrase book , turn to the appropriate section and read it off the page .
 I really did n't like this product at all . As a matter of fact , I ended up taking my dictionary with me to Italy instead . The translator was slow and not easy to use . The phasing is prewritten and had no relevance to me . I did not like the product at all .
 I bought these for my class to use on lapboards . We have used them about four times and half of them are not working any more .
 These leave a nasty residue if the writing is left for more than a day or two and the quality of the writing is still pretty weak . I tried them on normal d/e boards , mirrors and windows and on each surface they were pretty transparent and hard to read.I generally like Bic products , but this is one I wo n't buy again
 The colors were n't really clear and looked almost transparent . They were shipped on time but I would not recommend , also it takes a while to erase from a whiteboard .
 The markers do n't work well . They write like they 're dried out ; you could barely see the text/writing . These are going back .
 I bought these to replace my old toxic-smelling , fat-tipped , dry-erase markers . I use these to write reminders to myself on the bathroom mirror , so I thought these would be a great replacement . They are not . The ink coverage is not opaque , so you can hardly read what you 've written . The black one is the most visible , but even so it is still quite watery looking .
 Markers worked at first . Red is now completely dried out/not working.Green is not very good - Black and Blue ok .
 Do n't order these if you were looking for colors outside the `` regular '' basic ones . The photo shown is deceiving . Colors are from the basic color wheel - bright red , blue , green , Purple , orange , black . There are no browns - as shown . I am sure the markers are fine - but was very excited thinking there were colors `` outside the box '' . Nope .
 These should be advertised as chiseled point . Similar point to a Bic sharpie . Point limits the info that can written on the reusable wine tags .
 bought a few dozen of these ... If you use them outdoors , they will fade . I tested several different brands of markers to see which brand weathered better . Marks A Lot seems to have the best weather resistance ... so that is all I buy now .
 I thought it would be nice for the price , because we use a lot . I bought 10 boxes . But , some of them are dry , even not enough to write one character . GOD!I did return it . I never return products boguth on line . anyway , it is the only one time I bought those makers on line . never next time .
 I bought a couple 2-packs of these , and they are practically useless . They are n't nearly as bold/heavy-writing as equivalent thick permanent markers from other brands such as Sharpie and Marks-A-Lot . After failing to use them for yard sale signs on two occasions , I ended up tossing them .
 It does n't have search option . You can spend a lot of time to find sth in it.It is difficult to use keyboard . Try another product .
 I 'm very disappointed ! I 'm unable to return this item -LRB- non-refundable per instructions -RRB- . This was n't apparent in the description . I expected a standard return policy - my mistake for not considering all the eventualities when ordering from Amazon . I must now limit or even stop my ordering based on this experience .
 A highlighter that looks and feels like a pen . A pretty straightforward proposition . Once you 've optimised it , what more can you do ? The way they were designed , and made , a couple of years ago was pretty much optimal . I ca n't imagine how you could improve on that design . So Bic have decided that , since they must have something new and `` improved '' , they would go down the route of sub-optimalisation ! They made it worse . And then , in this latest incarnation of the Bic Brightliner -LRB- I refuse to spell bright , brite -RRB- , they made it even worse still ! The cap is now way too short , the grip is way too fat , and the tip is now much narrower than previously -LRB- produces too thin of a line -RRB- . What can I say ? Congratulations Bic on a truly awful new product ! Was this designed in Guangxhou province by a Chinese ex-chicken farmer ?
 I got the BIC Z4 Brite Liner as a bonus when I bought a package of BIC 's regular brite liner . I primarily use highlighters in my textbooks . This highlighter sure does what the name intends-it sure is bright ! I like highlighters that are bright and do n't look faded . However , I found it to be too wet . It would not dry right away and would smudge on the page . The highlighted area would crinkle a bit because it was so wet and I could see it on the back of the page as well . I do n't think I would buy this highlighter again . It 's too messy and I do n't like having to wait until the page is dry before I can turn it over .
 I 'm a law student , and over the past couple of years I 've bought hundreds of these highlighters . In the past , they were great for highlighting delicate pages . The liquid is very bright , does n't fade , and rarely -LRB- if ever -RRB- bleeds.However , the last 10 - 15 packs that I 've purchased have been absolutely awful . I do n't know whether I 've just been unlucky and landed some defective packs , or if the whole brand has gone down hill ... My recent experience has been that the highlighters are great for the first few uses , but they just do n't hold up well and there 's no way to store them . If you store them tip down -LRB- e.g. , in a mug -RRB- , they inevitably start leaking over time and the liquid permanently stains any fabric that it touches . One day you 'll notice that the moment you remove the cap that there 's liquid all over your hands and that the tip is dripping . However , storing them tip up is n't the answer , either . Once a highlighter has been used , if you do n't use it frequently enough , the tip dries out -LRB- even with the cap on -RRB- and starts turning black . At that point , I strongly recommend throwing them out . It 's difficult to get them working again , and they inevitably start leaking within a few days . Given that these are pretty expensive -LRB- compared to most highlighters -RRB- , I expect them to hold up better than they have been.Still , I 'm giving BIC the benefit of doubt for now and hoping that I just ended up with packs from a defective batch.Rating -LRB- for now -RRB-
 Bought 3 of these phones , one for each teenager . Concept is great , phone quality is poor . Will be returning all 3 phones . I ignored the reviews and ordered them anyway ! Reception is poor , phone makes clicking sounds , batteries wo n't hold charges , static on line . I can see 1 phone may have been bad but all 3 had the same problems and all 3 will be returned .
 I bought this phone , expecting not to have any problems with it since I had bought vtech phones in the past , and not had a single problem . After buying this phone , I refuse to buy another vtech . I got it to use in my college dormitory , and any conversation thats longer than 30 seconds -LRB- and thats on a good day -RRB- is completely impossible unless of course , you 're a guy.If you 're looking for fun features like the one on this phone , I have only one suggestion
 I purchased this telephone and am not very satisfied with it . Sure , it is very stylish , and cute , but it is ANALOG 2.4 ghz . It cuts in and out all of the time -LRB- tried three of them -RRB- . The sound quality just is n't there.As far as programming ringers into the phone , well , I hope you remember algebra . If you download the ringtoneconverter from Vtech 's website a program is provided to convert midi to approprite key presses . The final result sounds nothing like the midi , or anything close ... and the method to enter notes is ABSURD!It has nice aesthetic qualities , it would probably be best for a kid 's phone , that is about it . It brags on the outside with it 's singing ringers and flashing bells and animation , but it very shallow inside .
 When I got this phone and chargdet like it said and al I got was NO CONNECT NO CONNECT NO CONNECT I reaplaced it with the same phone and all I got was NO CONNECT NO CONNECT NO CONNECT NO CONNECT the same thing for six days and I gave up and threw it away dont wast your money .
 Great ringer , nice colors . However the phone would randomly cut you off during conversations with incredible interference . : -LRB-
 My sister had been bugging me for some time because she wanted this phone so badly . I finally caved and went to Target to get it for her . I returned home and set it up and waited ... and waited ... and waited . Finally after a day and a half of letting the phone charge it still did n't work and was a disappointment . I was disgusted ! So I returned it back to Target and went out and bought the same phone from Best Buy . I charged the phone for the suggested 10 hours and it works great and my sister loves it . She uses all the features and has special ring tones set up for different people , if you are going to buy this phone , take my advice and go to another retailer !
 I just had to have this phone because I like the different ring tones on it , but when I finally bought the phone and brought it home and started using it after charging it . It has ALOT of static in it , it has also cut me off of my conversations with my kids teacher and I was very upset . I ` am currently looking for another phone after only having this one for less than six months . My advise to people looking to buy a phone is & quot ; DO NOT BUY THIS ONE OR THE ONE WITH THE ANSWERING SYSTEM ! & quot ;
 I bought this phone and 3 months later it would n't work right . I would talk on it for about 10 minutes and it would start to make noise and I could n't hear the person on the phone . And then it would cut off .
 I bought one of these and had to have the company send me a new one . All that I had was constant static and the caller id call waiting did n't work . I decided to return the first one and send the second one back to the company . Save your money and time and aggravation . Do n't buy this .
 The idea of this phone was good , and it was awesome they had different color plates , yet ... I got this phone about a year ago , waited for it to charge ... for a week ... yes I gave it a week , and nothing happened , nothing worked . Now it sits in the closet . This phone would have been fun , too bad it did n't work out .
 I 've read some of the reviews here and they all seem to be either really for or against this phone . I would be on the against side . I purchased my phone some 6 months ago through my local phone company . For the first 2-3 month it worked great . I had the ring tones prgramed and the graphics were cute . Then one day I got a call , went to answer and the phone would n't let me . It would say `` connecting ... '' then go straight back to `` ringing . '' Eventually after my friend called me for the third time I could answer the phone . Once the conversation was over I went to hang up and could not . No problem , just put it on the base . Since then I have been frustrated by my phone on almost every incoming or outgoing call I 've tried to make with it , eventually I just stopped using it all together . If you want a phone that will last for any lenght of time , I do not recommend this phone . Even those people whose phones are working should watch out , it 's not going to last .
 I have bought this phone here in Amazon months ago and I still ca n't make it work !!! . Everytime I connect it , appears a sign
 This is the second V-tech phone that I 've owned that completely stopped working after a few months . I 've never had any luck with V-tech . The phone stops working and is unable to be fixed .
 This phone has some cool features with the different ring tones and the changeable face plates . But I ended up returning this phone because the static is horrible , even switching the channels does nothing . The static is worse than the twenty dollar GE phone I have .
 i thought you know maybe this phone would be cool for the dorm , ive had it for a little over a year now and its horrible , granted the changeable faceplates and ringers are neat but it has very poor reception , i keep losing a signal , then i get this weird noise when im on the phone the person im talking to can hear me but i ca n't hear them and end result of that is i have to put it back on the charger for a few mins . its just a piece of crap .
 Bought and charged it overnite excited about its features then when its time to use it , its got horrible sound after few minutes . I used it for about 5 minutes then went to work . When I came back at night I used it again for about 10 mins and the phone cut me off ! The battery is dead ! I ca n't believe it . One day standby time , hissing sound after about 5 minute talking is enough for me to go back to Target . Bye bye Vtech that is my first and last phone from you .
 I saw this phone and fell in love with the fact that it played we will rock by queen . Once I got it home it worked for awhile until I put a powerstrip in my room . Within a week I started to get awful static regardless of where I was in the house . After calling customer service they tell me that this particular phone does n't work anywhere near a powerstrip ! -LRB- something that was NOT in the manual ! -RRB- For all the cute littile features it has it really does n't work .
 I love the idea behind this phone , stylish , cool ringtones , graphics , and of course the face plates . A friend of mine had it and loved it , so , even after reading bad reviews for it , decided to buy it . Mistake . It worked great for the first week , then it started acting strangely . First , I noticed that not all the calls were detected on the caller id . It seemed like the calls detected were the ones that were answered . The next thing was awful static in the middle of phone calls , not every call though . The only way to get beyond the static was to hang up and call them back on a different phone . Then it just started cutting out in the middle of calls . After that I returned it and ended up buying refurbished Unidens -LRB- My previous phone was electrocuted by lightning and they do n't make the model anymore -RRB- . Two refurbished phones for the price of this , and NO problems at all ...
 I bought this phone and 3 months later I am looking for another phone . The battery life is really poor-the handset is suposed to warn you when it needs charging and it does n't . If I talk even close to 20 mins I get static on my end so bad I can not hear . The only cure for this is to put the phone on the base . It will not turn off , change channels or anything else unless this is done - which means you ca n't talk any longer and you have no warning . I really would not purchase this phone again . The ringer options are cute although some only sound remotely like the songs they are suposed to . I would not reccomend this phone and if you buy it I hope you have better luck .
 When I bought the phone less then a year ago I loved all the cool features about it . Now I am searching for a new one because when I am talking to someone all of a sudden they will be able to hear me but I ca n't hear them , all I hear is static on the line , pretty aggervating . This is a hassle I have to place the phone back on the charger a wait a few minutes . I have lost important calls because of it . I paid a higher price for this phone , I do n't think it is even worth it 's current price , sorry . I recommend you continue your search , I hope this helps .
 Nice LOOKING phone but useless , as it stopped working after only one month ! I was so frustrated I threw it in the garbage , did n't even want to bother with the warranty . Should have recycled it though . . Too bad I had to give it one star .
 I 've been eyeballing this phone for quite some time . So I purchased it yesturday and boy what a dissapointment . The phone has nice features but thats about it.Unfortunantly I read the reviews after I purchased the phone . On the first day the phone was okay then -LRB- today -RRB- the second day I noticed this popping sound in the phone . I know it isnt my phone line becuase my other phones work perfectly fine . Bottom line is if you were thinking of purchasing this phone save yourself a headache . Dont do it ! For those who have purchased this phone and have had no problems with it ... consider yourselves lucky .
 I was like many who read the reviews but bought the phone anyway . It has really great ringers and everything but the crackling and static during the conversations are not cool . I thought maybe my phone would be different . Wrong , my friend ! I am going to return it because it is aggravating . My caller id waiting also does not pick up my calls . I do not recommend this phone to anyone . So those that do read this review , please take heed to what we are saying . Vtech I hope you read these reviews and take the criticism and time to upgrade these phones . How bout throwing in some free ones for those that may give you another chance .
 I bought the phone because of the cool features like the ring tones and the faceplates , which all that was cool and as promised . But when it came time to actually talk on the phone , IT FAILS MISSERABLE the phone makes a clicking/popping noise when you are talking to anyone . It sounds like someone keeps pushing the flash button in the middle of your conversation , but 20 times per conversation . I loved the features and as much as I did n't want a boring phone , I had to face it . If you want a cool ringing phone this is it , but if you actually plan on talking on it , I 'd shop elsewhere . And the funniest part is , is that I read a review of the same problem with popping on the line and I said & quot ; oh well it was probably just hers , I want the cool phone and it is worth it & quot ; Well I WAS WRONG , KEEP YOUR RECIEPT
 I purchased one of these phones from Best Buy and was excited to see that it had cool electronic ring tones and changable faceplates . All my roommates and I really loved this phone -- too bad it did n't work!After charging it for hours , I plugged it in and got the NO CONNECT message many others are complaining about in the reviews here . I wish I had read them beforehand . I returned my non-working phone and got another one , exactly the same , and after several hours of charging , NO CONNECT.I called VTech , and after a lengthy wait on hold and a long procedure that did n't help the matter at all -LRB- the support told me nothing that was n't already listed in the manual troubleshooting -RRB- they eventually told me to return the phone and get a new one.Upon doing this , the third phone I received also had the NO CONNECT problem . Three strikes and they 're out , I said , and returned it the final time . I will never buy another VTech product , and I hope that others stay far away from this non-working phone . Please do n't waste your time .
 This was the second Vtech I have bought in six months . The first one ended up having a talk time of about one minute and then would die . We bought a new battery and alas , same result . We headed off the the store and bought this piece of work ! We have now had our phone for three months , and again , a one minute talk time , and the receiver fills with static . The battery is fully charged , there is no low battery warning , and the caller can still here you , as you curse and get up to get another phone !!! Do yourself a favor , but a uniden !
 I had two of these exact phone and had the same problem over and over agin there is static like you would not believe and the noise is nasty just gros and after you are on the phone it is so loud you cany here what the other person is saying so it there would have been a 0stars i would have picked zero If i were you I would go with Panisonic that is the phone I have now and I dont have a bit of trouble .
 I thought this was a cute phone . I was delighted that it would be easy to find because of the changeable face plates and light-up antenna and faceplate.After charging it the recommended amount of time , and a few successful uses , it has gone on the blink . Within less then four minutes of conversation , my side of the reception begins to get static and then washes out totally . Selecting the channel scan button only makes it beep uncontrollably , and the only way to hang up is to re-cradle the phone in the base unit.I have investigated the website 's very few options for troubleshooting and have not found this issue addressed . Calling support for help is out of the question as this is our only phone . We are returning it tonight.I really wish it worked , because I love everything else about it .
 I never write these - but have to for this faulty phone-makes a noise and says no connectorange was my favorite color too
 I 'm not a teenager , but I bought this phone because of the different ring tone choices -LRB- I thought it would be fun -RRB- . Well , I was right about the rings , that 's pretty neat . Everything about this phone lives up to it 's reputation EXCEPT reception . After a few seconds of having the phone `` On '' it 's very noisy with lots of static . When I push the `` Off '' button to hang up , that wo n't work . I have to place the phone into the base to get it to hang up . It 's a shame that the reception stinks on this phone because everything else about it works great.However , it 's going back to the store today .
 Note this is an ANALOG phone , despite being on the 2.5 GHz spectrum , and its signal can be picked up by other wireless analog devices , like wireless headphone or speaker systems
 I have two toddlers begging for my attention , but I am so disappointed with this phone I want to take two seconds to warn others about this phone 's poor quality . The phone looked like fun , but after charging the battery as recommended , then plugging it in , the reception was immediately staticy . I could hardly hear the other person and it was annoying to the point I wanted to throw the thing in the garbage . Changing the channels did nothing to improve it . The fun rings the phone advertises have a cheap electronic sound , too . I would not buy this phone .
 I LOVED this phone in concept . I loved being able to assign rings to individual callers . I know ... how lazy have we gotten that we want an even simpler step than checking the Caller ID . Still ... it seemed like a really great feature . However , the first few times I used the phone , I lost the signal every single time . I tried to be patient and search out new channels but each time , there would be TONS of static -LRB- through which I found out later , the caller could hear me shouting HELLO ? HELLO ? -RRB- and then eventually I would get disconnected altogether . I returned the phone and , because I still really liked it in theory , I exchanged the phone for a duplicate , thinking maybe I 'd just been unlucky and gotten a `` lemon '' . So back home , reprogram , call and pfft . Static galore . I just would n't trust it enough to ever recommend it to someone . I went from loving this phone to really hating this phone .
 I went against the grain -- knowing I should n't have -- and bought this phone over better brands like Panasonic and Sony . Unfortunately , the novelty of the ringtones and changeable faceplates quickly faded away and I was left with a below average phone . The reception is poor and very quiet , and just holding to my ear felt abrasive , most noticeably after longer conversations.Eventually the phone completely went down the tube with the battery dying , but even if that had n't happened , it still would get this same two-star rating . I 've since replaced it with a mid-range Panasonic phone that is infinitely better than this one . Sure , maybe this phone did n't drive me to the point of homicidal rampage , but many better phones in its price range exist that you 'd be better off purchasing .
 First , let me say that I have another v-tech phone - that works great ! But this one could n't be worse ! I bought the phone for my daughter thinking it would look nice in her room . It 's cute all right , but after about 6 months - during which time she used it maybe 3 or 4 times for no more than 5 minutes per call - it simply stopped working . I thought it was a bad battery and bought a new one . Guess what ... the battery was not the problem , the charger in the base simply stopped charging ! You ca n't use a cordless phone with no battery ... and since a charge only lasts 5 days ... that 's the length of time this phone will work . I would never consider a phone like this again . Do n't waste your money like I did . It may be cute , but it does n't work .
 This phone promised pure fun . It looks cool . The colors change . It lights up and plays music of many different kinds . But the `` snap , crackle , pop '' reception is more than I can bear so back it goes . Too bad , really ...
 As stated in my title above , I have but one big problem with this phone . The reception is awful , and no channel changing is going to fix it . I feel this is true with almost all cordless phones today . I have an at least ten years old , or perhaps not , 900 mhz . Toshiba that still has the best reception I can find . Unfortunatly , in its old age , it does not seem to hold a charge as long , and I find my self replacing its battery far too often . But , I digress . I just want a phone with good reception , and this V Tech is not it .
 I decided to try this phone despite the handful of bad reviews . I figure , hey anybody can get a lemon , not to mention these cordless phones are all pretty finicky about where you place them and what you place them next to.So I figured I would give it a shot.To be fair , the phone has some good features , like its very cool design . The ring tones ; the orange backlit display ; the flashing keypad ; and the interchangeable color plates make this phone seem like a great product . But what good is that if you ca n't use the phone to talk . If the handset finds the base -LRB- and I do mean IF -RRB- then all you get is static . I try to change the channel , the phone locks up and I have to put it back on the base . Awful . Here today , gone tomorrow . Back to the store it goes .
 I bought this phone because it looked cool and I loved the features it worked great for about 2 monthes and then it would be clear for about 30 seconds before it became full of static and I could not hear . I had bought my brother in law the same phone and he is having the same problem I think maybe its a factory defect that was overlooked I hope they fix it Because I really love this phones features
 I recently purchased this phone and it does not work worth a darn . The sound quality is n't very good and using it around tv 's computers and stereos makes it staticy . Sure the faceplates and ringtones are awesome . But the sound quality STINKS !
 Face it !!!!! This phone needs to be recalled !!!!!!!!! I thought it was great , an hour after wrting a positvie review , it got extremely noisy and you had to take the batterie out to turn the junk yard collection material -LRB- VMIX PHONE -RRB- off !!!! Do n't waste your money !!! Even if it was to work , do n't risk it !!!!!! Get Grand Theft Auto Vice City instead !!!!
 OK , An hour after I wrote a positvie review , guess what ?!? CRACKLE ... CRACKLE ... CRACKLE !!! The phone refuses to turn off -LRB- except for when you pull the batterie out ! I will face it , this phone is best left in the box , at the store for some other stupid person like me to buy !!!! I will be returning it soon , maybe today , I will look for something else that is NOT made by Vtech !!!!! I am hoping to get something with quality , like a Pansonic !!! I am rapping it up now !!!
 Phone features are as described . Easy to program rings , lots of features , color changes -LRB- if you care -RRB- also easy . Wanted to like it ! But while sound coming in was ok , almost everyone I spoke to from the phone -- even when I was not far from the base -- told me sound was breaking up or I sounded like I was trapped in a tin can . If you just need a voice getting basic information across , might be ok , but if you need to sound closer to a standard corded or cell phone , either this model is n't it , or the particular one I received was faulty .
 I bought one of these phones , and used it for a good 3 months or so with pretty good luck , there was some occasional ` crackle ... pop ! ' on the line , but adjusting where I would stand seemed to fix this so I deemed it outside interference.About month number 3 it stopped working completely . It would answer ok and then you had about 60 seconds to talk clearly before it died and the other party thought you blew a fog horn in their ear . I replaced the battery , same thing.So I took it back to exchange it - ok nother one brand new in the box ... never opened ... charged for 14 hours like it says to , and NO CONNECT . NO CONNECT ... NO CONNECT ... NO CONNECT ... thats right , just as many others on here have stated it does n't work right out of the box . I sure wish it did because it was a great phone while it lasted . However I will not be trying another one and I suggest everyone take my advice and steer clear of this product .
 I purchased this phone because it looked really cool , and the features sounded great . It did n't take long to realize that was all the phone had going for it . I began to experience problems with interference , and the phone would refuse to turn off . Then it began making a horrible crackling noise after you were talking for over 20 minutes or so . After this occured , you could n't get the phone to turn off or do anything . I was very disappointed in this phone . It was a good idea , but it is very poorly made . I returned this phone . Just do n't waste your time or money on this phone . It is not worth it .
 Bought this phone because of the features ... never even got to see any of them in action ... First one would n't even charge . Also got the `` no connection '' , retuned it . the second one , finally got it to ring , but you could n't answer it ! still `` no connection '' . Third time must be the charm ... nope , charged the phone for 12 hours ... went to lift the handset off the base and got ... `` no connection '' My suggestion , buy a Uniden , Panasonic , or Motorola . Something is seriously wrong with the manufacturing of this phone .
 I bought this phone for my new apartment , loving the color changeability . Overall this phone rings only when it wants to . If I pick it up and it is working then I ca n't hang it up , I have to take it back to the base . I called the VTECH people and they are going to replace it so if you are having the same trouble , I recommend calling them . I hope my new phone works because I do like the ring tones and the look of the phone .
 I purchased two of these phones for my teenagers for their birthdays . My daughters phone lasted about a day then the static began , then my sons lasted about three days when the static began on his , I returned both of them and had them replaced at different stores , still within a few days same thing happened . I then returned them again and purchased two more at another two stores and have since had to return both again . Am not purchasing these phones again . These phones need to be recalled and fixed before anymore of them are sold , they are a total waste of money . Great idea - kids loved them , wish they had worked , DO NOT BUY ONE THIS CHRISTMAS - they will only be disappointed .
 Bought this for my daughters birthday . It was new defective , VTech sent another , same thing , new defective . Finally after a month and wasting my time packing and returning the 1st two I received one that works . I wrote VTech saying they have a quality problem with this phone and asked if they could provide me a free extended service contract , they assured me the phone would be OK and I could purchase a contract if I wanted . Although VTech stood by their product and provided replacements , I feel they should have gone a little further since it 's clear after my experience and the other reviews here , they have a serious quality problem .
 I bought this phone expecting years of working order . I plugged it in and let it charge . It kept saying no connect . So , I charged it longer , it still said no connect . I charged it for a whole week nonstop . This phone just WOULD NOT work ! Do n't waste your time , money , and effort . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!!
 Just like another reviewer here , my phone would be great for a few minutes and then start producing nothing but awful static . Could n't change channels , could n't turn off . Had to set it back in the base . Followed the instructions very carefully when initially charging the battery before using , batteries were fully charged . No rhyme or reason , it just started doing it less than a week after I got it . Luckily I had the receipt and was able to return it . The price was great , and the features were fun , but Vtech is off of my list for a while .
 I got this phone in December . It worked great until 2 days ago when the caller id suddenly stopped working . I now have to go buy a new phone . Other than that it was a great phone .
 We bought this phone for our daughter for her birthday . Followed all the directions , and after it was charged , it would not function . You would get No Connect . Tried different phone jacks with the same result . Called V-Tech , and they told me phone was faulty . Brought this one back , and exchanged it . The new one works for 10 seconds , then goes dead with the same problem . No Connect ! We owned a V-Tech phone several years ago , and vowed NEVER to get another one after the bad experience . My daughter loves what this phone should be able to do . Today , I 'm bringing this one back to get a 3rd one . I dont know how much more I can take . I wish I would have read all these reviews before be bought ours . Do yourself a favor , buy anthing else .
 I had the same experience as another reviewer . After a few minutes on this phone , static would overtake the phone call and then I could n't hang up the phone , I had to unplug from wall . Only had this phone for 2 weeks .
 This phone is awful ! It took 24 hours to charge , then doesnt even work ! If your planning to buy it , make sure its not by any electronics -LRB- TVs , radios , computers etc -RRB- and if its going to be by any walls dont even think about it . I couldnt hook it up to my modem , it just wouldnt even work . Whenever I tried to call someone then it would take about 10 seconds and static was all you could hear . I was very disappointed , it was a great idea , but it would 've been better if it worked .
 I went though FOUR of these phones ... none worked . Like other comments posted , static & no connect message . It is very hard to understand how VTech could allow so many crummy phones to make it to market . Hear this Vtech ... I will never buy a VTech product again ! Purchased simular GE phone that works fine .
 I loved this phone until the last 2 days . I got this phone in Sept. . . it is now the end of Dec and it has broke . Never dropped ... never damaged . I will be 5 minutes into a phonecall and all the sudden it goes to major static . -LRB- even though the battery is fully chagred -RRB- To the point you can not hear the person on the other end ... you have to end up hanging up on them . When you push the OFF button it wo n't turn off . HIGHLY disappointed in the quality of this phone . Normally I buy VTech products ... but this one I am disappointed in . : -LRB-
 Sigh . Pens are pretty simple devices these days
 I am generally huge fan of Amazon , but highly disappointed by this product . I never received this pack of pens , and never received a response to my email requesting a refund . I realize that mistakes are made , but am so disappointed that I did not get a response to my inquiry . Poor form Amazon !
 To have been using these bic 4colored pens for many yrs . I typically buy them at my local Staples store near my office . I 've never had a problem . Unfortunately I bought 20 pens from Amazon and 18 of the pens wrote with ink blotches / clumps . I was disappointed that I bought so many and 90 % of the pens wrote w blotched ink . I wish I only bought 2 or 3 and it would n't have a been as much of a loss .
 When I request 12 , four-color Ball point pens I expect to get exactly what I order . I received some that were not what I paid for . Obviously , quality assurance was not on their `` A '' game when it came to packaging . I expected all 12 to be exactly as shown in the graphic - the blue bottomed pen that is a medium point , not 10 medium and 2 fine point . To reorder is too much of a hassle and I can live with the having two fine points . But , I will not be ordering from INKNLEAD again .
 Ordered it from Amazon . It came in a soft envelope - when opened the pen did not work . It looked a little squished . And it was the red one - the fine point pen , which I did not order .
 Typing yet another review as they remove many bad ones mentioning the severe echo on line 2 making this phone useless.I imagine it makes it hard to sell . If you do buy this phone line 2 will be useless forcing you to buy another phone for line 2 . If thats what you have to do why buy this one in the first place ?
 The phone was advertised a new , but the box had been opened when I received it and showed evidence of having been used . It was DOA and would not work . Seller was slow in refunding my money.Probably a great phone , but I would n't buy it from the internet where I just could n't return it to the store .
 I bought this niden 2-line wireless phone system with 4 phones , and only three work at a time , the 4th wo n't register no matter what I do . After a few months , I 'm having trouble on all handsets with the volume suddenly dropping by 50 % so that I ca n't hear who 's on the other line and have to switch handsets mid conversation.I am now shopping for another manufacturer as this phone is too unreliable for my business .
 I have a TRU 9485 , and thought I would upgrade to a two line system . Beware , because Uniden has made the handsets not interchangeable . The add-on TCX-905 is , but the handsets sold with bases are not . So your ability to expand , combine or otherwise interchange handsets has been limited by Uniden.BTW , no where in the Uniden literature did I find notice that the handsets are not interchangeable .
 In spite of all the wonderful features of this phone which are quite impressive I found that this phone is 100 % useless to me as I receive international phone calls and none of the Uniden phones show the country code in the caller ID display . I ended up getting an ATT phone That does show the country code . This is also a nuisance when adding numbers from your caller ID as it will not show the number 1 for the USA country code unless you push the * button , which is n't so bad if you can remember to do that . So if you do international business and use caller ID , this is not the phone for you .
 I should n't even rate this phone one star . Some features I was looking for like 2 lines , wireless , speaker were ok , but after reading the discription a little closer , It did not have an answer machine . It is programable to use the Telo answering phone feature . Another issue I had , when using the phone , was while on one line and the other line rings , the ring was outloud during my converation from the other line , while I was on a conference call , so everyone on the conference heard it.Needless to say I sent it back .
 We have a problem with the disk in the middle no longer working on 3 of our 6 phones-which makes this phone semi-useless .
 After only a few months the round multi-selection button on the center of each handset stopped working . It makes it impossible to look through your address book or caller id . If the button on only one of our three handsets stopped working I probably would have not posted a review , but all three handsets stopped working properly . We are very disappointed that they wore out so quickly and will be replacing them with a different brand .
 This is a great phone in many respects but suffers from a fatal flaw
 I purchased this phone for our small business and we make a lot of calls using the speakerphone . We have another Uniden phone and have been happy with it , but the speakerphone on this unit for both the handset and base unit is not very loud for both sides of the call . Unfortunately there are very few cordless 2 line phones , but we will be returning this because of the issues with the speakerphone .
 I purchased this system -LRB- with 7 handsets -RRB- about 2 years ago . I have a home business and a 2 line system that I could place handsets in office and house areas was a great hope . Handsets would not work in every area of the house . I tried placing the base unit in different areas but our Master BR unit usually would not ring when a call came . That can be important . But the most serious problem is that now the base unit gives me an E2 message and does n't work . Uniden Support responded after my second email to say that E2 represented an `` internal issue with the unit '' . They offered that the only recourse was to send the unit back for warranty work . Of course , they noted that the warranty is only good for 1 year from purchase . I will never take such a gamble with Uniden again . So , anybody out there want a good deal on 7 Uniden handsets ?
 I purchased this item for $ 99.99 . The unit worked for about two months and then stopped working . The handset and the base will not connect . I contacted the customer service line and because I do n't have my rec from Staples -LRB- I had to submit to get my money back and lord knows where it went after that ! -RRB- they wo n't do anything for me . I was told I need to go out and purchase another one at my cost . Like I 'm going to purchase another Uniden after this . I do n't think so !
 System DesignI 've never owned a Uniden multi-phone system before . I started with the old Siemens stuff -LRB- utter garbage -RRB- in the 1990 's and really liked the panasonic multi line systems that I 've used in a few locations since they released them . Enormous frustration with the user interfaces on the Panasonic Hybrid PBX system in my office lead me to flee from Panasonic to try another vendor with this system.The low cost of the phones and the ease of registering new handsets are terrific . My favorite feature is the programmable banner on each phone . Once the banner is programmed in , you can use the intercom feature on any other handset to call another location by NAME , not handset number ! Really brilliant ! A great design , if only these things had the range or a way to switch like a cell system to another base location.Reception and RangeI should have trusted my instinct when reading about the 5.8 GHZ systems . If you read carefully , you will note that they do not make a comparison to 2.4 GHZ systems EXCEPT to note that the 5.8 GHZ systems wo n't interfere with most 802.11 x networks . Unforutnately , when I replaced my 5 year old panasonic 2 line system with this , I noticed a significatn decrease in transmission range especially through the old stone barn walls of our house . I suspect the higher frequency just ca n't penetrate the old thick walls like the 2.4 ghz systems can.Even though this system is supposedly spread spectrum and frequency hopping , if i have a bad connection and move around the house , the connection stays bad , even if i move right next to the phone.I would love to find a consumer version of the panasonic cordless system that offers multiple `` cell '' locations on an internal phone systems . The engenius systems still seem like they are n't ready for prime time.If you buy this system , be prepared for a decrease in range versus 2.4 ghz systems.If I could find an alternative that 's as well designed , I 'd repalce this system quickly .
 This Uniden phone is the most highly rated cordless phone everywhere I looked , and had all the features I wanted - 2 lines , multiple handsets , no answering machine . However , when I set up the system - no matter how far away the base is from my 2Wire Home Portal - it crashed our wireless network . I have emailed both 2Wire and Uniden , and the answer is completely unacceptable . They said that a 5.8 phone could revert to 2.4 and thus interfere with a wireless connection . That is hogwash , considering my 2.4 cordless phones do n't interfere with my wireless connection . I am completely frustrated with this and hope that someone might have a solution for me .
 I was in need of a two-line , combination cordless/speakerphone , that could be dialed from the base station , but which did not have a built-in answering system . Because the number of phones that fits this description was unexpectedly small , I purchased the TRU9466 for my office . This , to me , seemed to be a perfectly reasonable expected use for the device . But , while line 1 has worked perfectly well for the first month , line 2 has a severe echo . Upon calling Uniden 's technical support I was told that the phone base needed to be placed at least 10 to 15 feet from any computer or electronic device in order to work properly . I can not imaging myself having the unique need and desire to be able to work on a computer and to talk on a phone simultaneously . Yet it seems that Uniden expects purchasers of its devices to forgo any other modern amenity in lieu of having the benefit of an non-echoing cordless phone . I wonder if the ever-so-helpful technical support person was using a ring-binder instead of a computer to help solve this issue.Don ' t buy this phone if you also have a computer by which it might be placed . And moreso , do not expect any valuable knowledge or assistance to come from Uniden 's abysmal technical support.I give this phone two stars only because line 1 seems to work ok , it does have decent speakerphone , and the battery life for the handset is reasonable .
 read all over the internet about this phone to ensure I was n't making a mistake . Well I did the line 1 echoes and after ensuring it was not my phone provider , I typed in the model number and the word echo . I found lots of people have had the same problem that I did right out of the box . I tried to contact Uniden support which they responded within 2 days expect gave me info that did n't resolve my problem , so I told them that what they said did not resolve my problem , they replied with hours with a solution which did n't work . I would not purchase this product .
 A very good phone , but the handset freezes and has to be rebooted , like a bad operating system . You disconnect the handset from the battery for a few seconds , plug it in again , and then recharge it , and you love the phone till it happens again , which it does . Two Stars .
 After reading the reviews on here , I decided to give these bags a chance . What a waste ! Maybe the bags I got were from a different manufacturer than what 's listed because these tear easily . The first bag I tried out tore down the side when I tried to put a pair of pants in them . So , I tried another and had the same result . The pants were n't bigger than the bag so its not like I had to jam them in there . These bags are just flimsy and the side seals are weak . I do n't want to risk trying to mail something off and have the bag rupture during shipment and I do n't want to have to buy tons of tape to secure the bags . I will be looking for something else and hopefully I will be able to return these .
 PRO - thick tape and 1 day shipping through Amazon Prime -LRB- my main reason for purchasing -RRB- CON - Agree with the other buyer and it 's not comparable to Scotch . The adhesive on this tape is not sticky enough and I had some of it lifting off both boxes and kraft envelopes . Going out to Costco to get some Scotch brand to use on shipping boxes .
 I ordered this tape based on the great reviews . Much to my dismay you 'd think I received a completely different product . This can not begin to compare with the Scotch heavy packaging tape I have been using . It is noticably thinner . The tape had already pulled up off of the edge of the box I just sealed for shipping by the time I got to the post office . I had to use that thin `` priority '' labeled mailing tape at the post office to secure my package .
 i bought this tape to tape packages , put clear film over my name on plastic item so as it lasts I work in a distribution center in socal and i use up 2 sharpe 's a month but in between time of purchase and it being use up i like my name to stay on it this tape is not crystal clear its adhesive is blotchy and the adhesive is weak at the distribution center i use some really good tape its fro intertape polymer groupIntertape 89263 Carton Sealing Tape 1.9-Inches x 55 Yards , 1.7-Mil , 6-Pack , Clear
 These look good , feel great in the hand , and have nice ink . The problem is that they simply do not erase.We 've been through several dozen of these , different colors from different packages , in the last couple of weeks , using them on a variety of white boards -- high-end -LRB- enamel on steel -RRB- and low-end -LRB- melamine on particle board -RRB- . They uniformly do NOT erase . To remove the ink , we had to use cleaner , water , or glass cleaner , which of course is much more time-consuming than dry-erase boards are designed to be.I have several unopened packages that will not be used ; we 've replaced them with the other , much-better alternative options .
 These markers are absolutely useless . They are far too dim to be used effectively . The colors are pusillanimous , and are unreadable from more than 5 feet away .
 As another reviewer already indicated , these are * supposed * to be dry erase markers , but they fail miserably in that regard . A fresh marker -LRB- < 15 minutes of writing -RRB- writes well and erases reasonably well , but after that you have to scrub with all your might , and you 're still left with pigment goo on the board . I literally spend more time erasing than I do writing . -LRB- I think Bic has found a way to dispose of its hazardous waste
 I used these markers in my 1st and 2nd grade classroom . They did not last very long and were not bright enough to see from across the room . Expo markers last much longer and are well worth the price difference .
 These look good , feel great in the hand , and have nice ink . The problem is that they simply do not erase.We 've been through several dozen of these , different colors from different packages , in the last couple of weeks , using them on a variety of white boards -- high-end -LRB- enamel on steel -RRB- and low-end -LRB- melamine on particle board -RRB- . They uniformly do NOT erase . To remove the ink , we had to use cleaner , water , or glass cleaner , which of course is much more time-consuming than dry-erase boards are designed to be.I have several unopened packages that will not be used ; we 've replaced them with the other , much-better alternative options .
 These look good , feel great in the hand , and have nice ink . The problem is that they simply do not erase.We 've been through several dozen of these , different colors from different packages , in the last couple of weeks , using them on a variety of white boards -- high-end -LRB- enamel on steel -RRB- and low-end -LRB- melamine on particle board -RRB- . They uniformly do NOT erase . To remove the ink , we had to use cleaner , water , or glass cleaner , which of course is much more time-consuming than dry-erase boards are designed to be.I have several unopened packages that will not be used ; we 've replaced them with the other , much-better alternative options .
 These markers are absolutely useless . They are far too dim to be used effectively . The colors are pusillanimous , and are unreadable from more than 5 feet away .
 As another reviewer already indicated , these are * supposed * to be dry erase markers , but they fail miserably in that regard . A fresh marker -LRB- < 15 minutes of writing -RRB- writes well and erases reasonably well , but after that you have to scrub with all your might , and you 're still left with pigment goo on the board . I literally spend more time erasing than I do writing . -LRB- I think Bic has found a way to dispose of its hazardous waste
 I used these markers in my 1st and 2nd grade classroom . They did not last very long and were not bright enough to see from across the room . Expo markers last much longer and are well worth the price difference .
 These look good , feel great in the hand , and have nice ink . The problem is that they simply do not erase.We 've been through several dozen of these , different colors from different packages , in the last couple of weeks , using them on a variety of white boards -- high-end -LRB- enamel on steel -RRB- and low-end -LRB- melamine on particle board -RRB- . They uniformly do NOT erase . To remove the ink , we had to use cleaner , water , or glass cleaner , which of course is much more time-consuming than dry-erase boards are designed to be.I have several unopened packages that will not be used ; we 've replaced them with the other , much-better alternative options .
 IMPORTANTyou are better off buying the S version of this calculator because it contains solar power and a battery . This only contains a battery . i think the S type will be more dependable expecially if you are buying this product for a standard test like the FE or PE ; it 's also cheaper . Hope this helps .
 Bought this in late ' 04 . Practically unused and sitting in its protective cover . I go to use it this semester and ... nothing , it wo n't turn on . Open case and battery is good . Call TI , they tell me it is out of warranty and to have it serviced I will have to pay $ 7 , + $ 4 shipping , + $ 5 return shipping . More than calculator is worth . I had an old TI-30 that lasted more than 5 years of heavy use . What happened to TI quality ? I ca n't recommend this piece .
 My common , everyday house key would not even fit into this . I do n't know of a key that would . Maybe a mailbox key or something . I was looking for one that would fit my car key a 97 Honda Civic -RRB- as I must park in a very dark spot . I looked up several brands and none of them would fit a car key.Now it does n't matter as I finally bought a new car that has keyless entry and I also moved and now live in a well lit area .
 I left a horrible review of this product once before -LRB- I ordered 2 and neither of them worked on arrival -RRB- and I received a message stating that if I removed it , I would be credited the purchase amount within 3-5 business days . I removed the review weeks ago and of course , no credit . Do n't buy this product ... it 's junk .
 THIS IS THE WRONG PAPER FOR The A203 Sharp cash register . You need 2 1/4 inch width paper NOT the 1 3/4 inch that is recommended . I guess everyone is buying the wrong paper as Amazon.com states that customers who bought the Sharp xe-a203 cash register also purchased the XEA40TRT thermal paper . DO NOT DO THIS .
 This paper is not applicable with this machine . Paper is to small and cuts off items printed on paper.We tried everything and this paper failed miserably with the machine .
 FYI
 This was included in the advertisement of the cash register as the correct paper for this particular register . Nothing could be further from the truth . Not even the correct width to fit the register . Unfortunatly this confirms a poor opinion of online shopping . Getting it right the first time is just too rare .
 This is not a set of calculators as you are led to believe . It is an overpriced ONE calculator . On my box on the inside flap , there is a rectangular sticker that says SCAM 6 . I am so mad to be SCAM 6 , and I am hoping that Amazon drops this distributor . I have the pictures of the sticker , the oversized box , the small bitty calculator inside . I am so mad that I was scammed !
 Never sent , but returned the money , should not be selling what is not is stock , the seller should constantly check their inventory and their offerings , not to waste time buyers
 This product was incredibly poorly made . The frame was welded together so sloppily that the bolts were n't long enough to reach the top , let alone hold it on . While there were four holes in the frame -LRB- and four bolts -RRB- , only two nuts seemed to have been drilled into the top . So we bought our own nuts and bolts thinking we 'd have to go in through the top to hold it together -- only to discover that the original nuts had been correctly embedded in the particle board , then covered up with the vinyl shell.The keyboard tray mount was a complete mystery -- the `` instructions '' are just pictures that have been copied one too many times to be visually clear . So that was another hour of frustration.Anyhow , we got what we paid for ... I guess ... $ 55 of parts -LRB- plus , of course , $ 40 of shipping ... which was what prevented us from mailing it back ... to say nothing of the hassle of trying to repack it -RRB- . Now that it 's together , it 's OK -LRB- reasonably solid and functional -RRB- , and the memory of putting it together is fading . But if you were my friend , I 'd say , `` Do NOT buy this . ''
 Mixed review - I ordered burgundy but received black . Funny , because I really preferred black but that was not an option when I ordered ! For the price you get your moeny 's worth , I guess , but do n't even bother putting the wheels on . I bot 4 chairs and all the wheels were broken in 3 weeks . No abuse either . I like Target and expect they will make amends .
 Label is nowhere near clear . I was hoping to use it on clear plastic product containers . Closer to white than clear . It looked about like wax paper you have in your kitchen .
 This was not ' Clear ' but a matt type sheet , consequently I searched and found a ` CLEAR ' product at Pat Catan 's craft store.Grapfix band ` Clear ' Adhesive Backed for Ink Jet printer . This fits the bill for my needs .
 False advertising . These labels are NOT clear . Once applied , they have a slightly `` frosted '' appearance . These labels might work fine for some projects , but in my case I wasted money on these .
 The add claims `` Clear full-sheet labels '' , but they are actually frosty matte finish . `` Clear '' should be transparent with either gloss or matte finish .
 This was not what I expected . I thought clear meant see through . I had no problem returning the item which was a plus .
 If I could give LESS than one star I would . They are NOT CLEAR ! At best they are opaque . HUGE waste of money !
 Great phone when you get it to work , manual terrible . very hard to understand and worst of all if the battery dies there is no way of getting a spare . If you contac a dealer he will sell you the phone but for batteries you will be referred to D-Link . On the other hand , no one in D-Link has a clue on where you can get a battery.Sad situation for a relatively expensive good product
 I have this phone for some months . And I can say , THIS PHONE IS VERY BAD !!! No matter what firmware version do you have , the phone always says the battery is at 100 % . Suddenly , the phone dies because it got run out of battery , and if you can see the battery meter just before the phone goes off , IT STILL SAYS 100 % !!!! I never had a phone that could be SO UNSTABLE !!!! I think the original manufacturer did n't use any hardware codec to accelerate audio coding/decoding to cut costs , so the main CPU does it all . I think the OS runs the `` connecting to the AP '' process , or `` coding/decoding audio '' process in realtime . As the CPU phone seems to be slow , it only can run this processes , so the phone can FREEZE during a call , for example . The phone ca n't EVEN REACT TO THE BUTTONS !!!! I.e
 This phone UN-registers all the time !!! It does n't stay connected with the provider and the battery -LRB- new -RRB- does n't even last 2 hours !!!
 I have to say that the rubber bands I have used have been of a much lower quality than expected . Many of the rubber bands are extremely thin -LRB- not the correct size -RRB- and quite a few appear to be `` dry rotted '' as they break very easily.I am a paper carrier and use these to wrap around the paper . As it does n't do me much good when the rubber band breaks , I do n't really expect to purchase these rubber bands in the future . This is unfortunate as I will be purchasing them for several carriers at our distribution center .
 The radio was never good ; the phone was often staticky and the clock has officially died after about a year . Not recommended .
 I love the caller ID/phone/alarm / clock combo idea ... but I agree with the others , it 's hard to read the LCD , it 's annoyingly bright , it 's too easy to reset the time , and my pet peeve
 The idea is a good one , but I found it flawed , especially in two ways . First , even during simple movements like hanging up the phone it is practically impossible to avoid hitting the the time-set buttons and accidently changing the time ... not a good thing when you are counting on the clock to get up for work . Second , if you have the radio on and the phone rings , the radio is supposed to shut off when the receiver is lifted . This did n't work , and as I recall required some drastic measures to get the malfunctions reset -LRB- like unplugging the thing . -RRB- I hope that others can counter my experience with success , but I was not happy with the GE clock radio phone .
 Good idea but bad implementation of what a bedroom clock should be.The viewing angle of the LCD on the Bedroom Clock Radio Phone is very poor . Unless you look at the clock directly you can not tell what the time is . There is also an anoying green flashing light to indicate a new call is listed on the caller ID . If GE were to change out the LCD and remove the green light this would be a 5 star product .
 Their products are full of glitches . This bedroom phone stopped displaying the Caller ID correctly the first time I bought it . After I brought it back to the store for a replacement , the time was always wrong . It would show the right time when a call came in , but would get stuck there until the next call . Look for similar statements about other GE phones and take the advice not to buy a GE phone .
 Do n't waste your money on this item . You ca n't read the display at all , so you never know what time it is . The base is so light that when you answer the phone , the base comes along and falls off the nightstand . GE , you should be ashamed of yourself ! I always trusted that brand name ... . until now
 Ummmm ... I have this phone and it does have an alarm and caller ID , but NO AM/FM radio as stated in the description . You can choose either the buzzer or some annoying electronic `` music '' to wake to . There are some good features such as the dual alarm , but the negatives offset this . The display is VERY bright making it hard to sleep and sometimes when I hit the snooze button , it `` freezes '' the clock until the alarm is turned off , thus making the time 9 minutes slow . The phone cord is way too short as well . Not a bad phone for the price I guess , but I was very disappointed .
 Trying to discern the time or phone number at night or day in the prone position is virtually impossible due to the poor quality of the lighting display . Who wants to get up to read the time or phone number ?? Not me .
 Great idea but a terrible phone . It 's impossible to read except if you are directly above the phone . Also the delete for removing calls from caller id did n't consistantly work . The lcd screen was too bright and hard to read if lowered .
 I love the caller ID/phone/alarm / clock combo idea ... but I agree with the others , it 's hard to read the LCD , it 's annoyingly bright , it 's too easy to reset the time , and my pet peeve
 Very dificult to read the LCD screen from most angles . Too easy to accidentally change the time when you are changing the alarm . There are too many buttons to push in order to change any of the clock 's settings . Overall , a very poor design . I 've had this phone only two months , and I have twice changed the time inadvertantly , causing me to be late for work . I 'm seeking a replacement .
 The calendar would be great if it was what was listed . Listed was a 2008 calendar refill and I received a 2009 calendar refill . 2009 is a half a year away . If I was told the 2008 was not available , I would have asked for a refund . The reason I ordered from Amazon was that I have always had great luck with it ; and , I had already ordered on Ebay a 2008 calendar refill and I received from them a 2009 refill also . That is why I went to Amazon . Now I have TWO 2009 refills that do me no good until 6 months from now , and when 2009 IS here , I will only need one ! What a disappointment !
 These pencil have some nice lead . The lead is thick , and hard , but not too hard . The pencil sharpens easily . These are things thst earn this pencil 2 stars.The eraser does n't work ! How on Earth can you work without and eraser ? It just makes a bunch of smudges , making the eraser lead itself.Paper-Mate makes other great pencils . So do n't buy these . I think they already discontinued them due to the poor eraser .
 This phone is a waste of money . It works fine while it is still under warranty - 90 days , but after that it has a short and you can not receive incoming calls , place outgoing calls , caller ID does not work , but the phone still rings . Not to mention draining 4 AA batteries in one week . This was by far the worst purchase made on-line .
 Bought 4 , one still works , two do n't let you speak , one does n't let you hear.Do not buy this phone !
 We purchased two of these phones ... and are unhappy with both . They seem to drain the 4 AA batteries quite readily and as a kicker , you can not dial out when this happens ! Quick the house is on fire , call 911 -LRB- oops , I have to change the batteries first ! -RRB- We were using this as our corded phone to supplement our cordless due to its low price and CallerID but now we are shopping again .
 I am very disappointed in this phone . It has been totaly unreliable and I will need to replace it after only 3 months . Sometimes it works fine but mostly it cuts off my calls in mid-stream . I would never purchase another GE phone .
 I also found this phone to drain the batteries within the first month . The caller ID did not work properly . The number displayed when the phone rang was the prior phone call . The new number would not show up until the next imcoming call . Also the buttons on the handset for the caller ID are on the outside , which I found to be bothersome if you want to cradle the phone between your ear and shoulder -LRB- hands free use -RRB- . We returned ours .
 My parents recently got Caller ID service and this is the phone they decided to get . The hook on the phone is on the handset part -LRB- look at the picture closely and you 'll see it -RRB- . It sticks and this creates problems in two ways . The phone will often fall off the hook when you try to hang it up -LRB- if it 's mounted on the wall like ours is -RRB- and when you answer the phone the hook sticks . This means you have to pick at it to get the phone to answer.We are shopping for a new phone now .
 I also bought this phone as a second caller-id phone for my home . The caller ID system did not work on any of the phone jacks in the house . My other phone does work , so I know that it is a problem with GE 's phone . I bought and returned two of these products to ensure there was n't a defect with one . I would not recommend this product , unless GE can fix the problem .
 I bought 2 of these phones at another store and the caller ID did not work , eventhough I already had a GE caller ID stand alone unit and caller ID on another phone -- so it was definitely the phone with the problem . I never returned the phones because I did n't really need the caller ID .
 I have two of these phones and the reception on both of them is horrible .
 I have had this phone for about six months , and although the reception is fine , the buttons do n't work well anymore . Sometimes when I press a number , nothing happens . Sometimes pressing once makes it dial twice . I hope they let me return it .
 I purchased this phone in November , it stopped working in January . I packaged up the phone and shipped it back for repair according to the instructions at my own expense . It was returned to me as undeliverable at that address . It is the cheapest two line phone now I know why , bad product and worse service .
 I purchased the phone and had it break within 30 days . When I sent the phone back in for repair/replacement it was returned as undeliverable . When I found the GE web site for comsumer electronic it said it was under construction .
 While the speakerphone , in it self , works fine , the handset sounds awful and the volume control is poor . The louder you turn up the volume on the handset the harder it is to hear . I tried connecting my old handset and the sound was much improved . I would n't recommend this phone because of the cheap handset it comes with .
 I bought the phone because of it 's reasonable price.My two big issues were
 I bought this inexpensive phone and thought I 'd found a great value . The speaker worked very well . Then I dicovered that the phone would pick up a local radio station . Specifically , it was something about the way the phone base interacted with the handset and handset cord . The longer the cord was stretched , the better the reception ! A second phone of the same model did the same thing . I tried using the handset and cord from a different model , but it still did the same thing . Disconnecting the handset elliminates the problem , but who wants a phone without a handset ? Since the main reason I wanted a speaker phone is for those pesky times I 'm put on hold , this inadvertant radio reception is a double whammy . If I 'm on hold and somehow get cut off , I do n't want to be hearing a local radio station and mistake it for on-hold-muzak . The engineers should have caught this one . Back she goes .
 On 2 occasions I had trouble with the primary line in my house working at all . Both times the defect was traced to this phone overloading the circuit some how . I placed it in the trash where it could do no harm .
 The handset on this phone buzzs , but the speaker portion works fine . Overall it is a cheap phone and you get what you pay for .
 Mine broke after about a year . When I replace the headset , it does n't break the connection . I have to unplug it to get a dial tone .
 This phone does not have its own battery , so disconnecting the phone line erases the numbers that are stored in memory.During one month of use , this phone went `` off-hook '' on its own at least 3 times in the middle of the night . I promptly discarded it .
 I bought this phone for my bed room ... . and Exchange it back after three days and take another one to my home but still same problem . . when talking on speakar phone it produce noice like `` cewkkkkkkkkk '' ... `` chunnnnnnn '' I do n't know why but it 's a poor set ...
 I just purchased this phone two weeks ago and it 's been a great phone , except for one thing I discovered - the phone will not work if any other phone in my house is picked up while I am on a conversation , or if another phone is already in use . Both the Speakerphone and Hold bottons light up and the phone is `` paralyzed '' until it 's the only phone in use . I am curious if anyone else has had this problem as well . I 've never had a phone that simply stops working in this manner . The worst thing about it is that if I 'm talking on the phone and someone in my house picks up -LRB- accidentally or on purpose -RRB- , my phone stops working until that person has hung up.I would n't recommend this phone because of that flaw , but if you do n't mind it , then it 's fine.I ended up returning this phone and received a full refund .
 We bought six GE phones for our office and two of them do n't ring properly , no matter what we try . The quality is just very poor and lots of other things have gone wrong .
 This has got to be the the very worst of all answering machines . It was very hard to program , not user friendly at all . The sound was muffled and hard to understand . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this one .
 I 've been extremely disappointed with this answering machine , for two main reasons . First , there is no way to retrieve an erased message . This is especially a problem because the system does n't really pause after messages as you 're playing them back . So after listening to a message you ca n't hit erase , or you will end up erasing the next -LRB- unheard -RRB- message . This has happened to me on more than one occasion . Second , the unit often clicks loudly when you pick up the phone , presumably because it 's trying to get the caller ID . It 's extremely annoying and also has interfered with dial-up connections I was trying to make on more than one occasion . Bottom line , I 'd suggest you shop around for something built with real consumers in mind .
 With configurable outgoing messages based on caller ID , this machine would be real nice -LRB- although you ca n't configure ring/message options for anonymous callers like you can on the Casio TA-140 & 145 -RRB- . Unfortunately the 29992 suffers from several intermittent flaws . For example , for about 25 % of the calls it does n't record any caller ID information -LRB- on the same calls , other caller-ID boxes in the house work just fine -RRB- . I bought two different 29992 units for my relatives last Christmas and both units had the same intermittent flaws . There was no information in the box on how to contact Thomson Consumer Electronics to resolve these issues , so I sent them back and I bought them the Casio TA-140 from Amazon.com instead .
 The vinyl at the top of one of the four binders was puckered , thus unsatisfactory . I phoned the distributor the day after receiving the product and left a message but my call was not returned .
 The plastic on the binder is very fragile broke as soon as I opened it . Have n't started using it simply put some paper in it and it 's already falling apart .
 The binders look heavy duty , but after a mere 3 weeks , all of them were ripping in the seams and I had to tape them with duct tape . I ended up buying new binders . The seams should be reinforced so that they can handle the weight . Kids often will be grabbing binders from just the front or back cover -LRB- with the seams absorbing the weight of the full binder -RRB- , but these binders could n't handle it . Maybe it 's just my kid who is rough with them , but I bought three and all three were ripping down the seams in less than a month .
 I am disappointed in the lack of durability of this item . The rings are not very strong nor is the covering . I would recommend buying a heavier quality binder .
 This binder is very cheaply made . When I received it , the vinyl was cracked in four places -LRB- 1/2 '' + in two places -RRB- . The edges were very sharp . It was immediately returned for a refund . I do not recommend this product .
 This order came swiftly and the price was right ... or so I thought . Price was right because the binder was defective . Unfortunately , the front AND back edges of the binder were already torn as if someone had taken scissors and cut it ! I am planning to return this ASAP .
 This binder is very red and when I get in it I feel quite confined , and confusingly enough , like I should get out and cook dinner el pronto or else .
 I ordered three of these binders thinking that it would be easiest on my schedule to have new binders come right to my door . Unfortunately , I was failed by modern convenience . After driving out to FedEx to pick them up because the driver would n't leave the package outside my house , I opened the box to discover that all three of the binders were broken . The two gray ones had cracked plastic that was peeling off all around the edges . The same was true for the blue one , but the back cover was literally falling off . I 'm amazed someone even put this in a box to ship to me . I 'm annoyed that I now have to process the return and take another trip to the post office in order to return these broken binders . I 'll at least combine the trip with one to Staples , which is clearly where I should have gone in the first place !
 I wanted cheap binders for school ... After being stuck in my bag with my casebooks , the rings bent and were no longer serviceable . This happened to both of them . Upon examination of other binders I got -LRB- same type , diff color -RRB- , the rings do n't seem to be well made . They have a mini-gap between them and they look flimsy . Will buy better ones next time .
 The rings crush easily on this . I bought it because my son needed a two inch three ring binder for sixth grade . He 's not particularly tough on his school supplies , but this survived less than one month .
 I ordered 3 of these binders and 2 of them were cracked and ripped when I got them . I went online to look at getting new ones but it would cost more for me to return the current ones that it would to just buy new ones . I am not pleased and would like them to send me 2 new ones without having to return the old ones .
 Unfortunately I have purchased not one but TWO of these machines for two different lines a few months apart . As other reviewers state , after a few months of use both have had the problem of the machine showing the messages are full -LRB- flashing `` F '' -RRB- when there are no messages randomly on different occasions . Then you ca n't use any of the functions , you have to unplug it and hope it does not happen for a while -LRB- which it always does -RRB- . Customer support is no existent , and they refuse to help me and just play dumb when you call saying they never heard of it . After this I would stay away from any GE Electronics all together !
 I bought the machine on 6/22 ... . today 's 7/6 ! I liked it up until a few days ago . It was my first digital answering machine ... . and I LOVED being able to delete just one message at a time instead of having to delete them all . Well -- the machine is now displaying the letter `` F '' for FULL even though it holds ZERO messages . Worst part
 The unit may be attractive , and have nice features , but that ca n't compensate for the atrocious sound quality that makes it practically useless.Voices are harsh , garbled , fuzzy and have an unnatural electronic tone . Also , if the speaker does not speak in a consistently load and clear tone , the sound just drops out completely -LRB- you do n't even get the pause , so its almost impossible to guess what is being said -RRB- . I have lots of messages to call at , say , 25149 . I have also experienced the problem , noted by another reviewer , of the unit erroneously indicating memory full and refusing to function.I long for my old Panasonic tape-based answering machine , which preceded this one . Are all digital machines this bad , or is this GE model particularly egregious?I 'll be throwing this unit out shortly ... and kicking myself for not returning it when I could .
 great machine when it is working , but the digital memory flashes `` full '' when there is nothing in the memory . as a result it does not function as answering machine . ca n't get the erase function work .
 Every 2 weeks , the machine shows F , even when there are no messages on it . While the F is showing , the system will not accept messages . The unit must be completely unplugged and powered down in order to clear it . Then of course , the machine must be reprogrammed . Reprogramming is anything but intuitive . I tried to find the manual on line . Most companies post their product manuals on line as PDF 's . If GE has it posted , I could not find it . I would not recommend this machine to anyone . I am sure there are better ones out there . I would gladly replace this one with my old cassette based unit .
 I bought this machine hastily to replace my Bell South which only lived a short life . This machine was a waste of money . About once every 2 weeks it randomly displays a `` F '' for full , even if there were no messages on it , which requires you to pull the battery and power supply to reset the machine . The battery backup does n't work -LRB- the machine resets itself when the power goes out , erasing the messages , even with a brand-new battery -RRB- . Wait , did I just contradict myself ? NO , the battery will not save the messages if the power goes out , but you still have to unplug it to reset the machine when it crashes.To top it off , the sound quality is awful ; people who speak softly can not be understood at all . I typically do n't think highly of GE products , and this one is no exception . My next machine will be from a different company .
 I am taken aback by these rave reviews which encouraged me to order this because my experience with it has been different.Maybe I did n't read the description closely enough and missed something , but I just used this today to correct a form , and was shocked to find out how ultra thin the pen tip is -- way too thin to effectively cover anything except maybe punctuation , and the coverage was n't that good either .
 From the start , I had problems with various kinds of flakiness - for example , it would spontaneously lose my messages . Recently I pinpointed the cause to be the socket where the AC adapter cord plugs into the machine . Slightly moving the cord or rotating the plug in the socket causes the power to cut in and out , resulting in memory loss . Another thing I did n't like is that it takes up more desk space than the average answering machine .
 Based primarily on reviews praising the clarity of the playback , I ordered this machine . I 'm contemplating whether to send it back or just junk it to avoid the hassle . The nine year old machine I bought it to replace has better sound quality . Apparently the quality varies from unit to unit . It is a roll of the dice and I got snake eyes . On the unit I received , even the clearest messages are difficult to hear . Many are unintelligible . Even the pre-recorded announcements that tell you such things as how many messages are on the machine are so badly garbled they are difficult to understand . Why GE can not make a machine with reliable sound quality in this day of advanced electronics is beyond me .
 This is my first digital answering machine after my trusty analog -LRB- i.e. , cassette-based -RRB- Panasonic machine finally died . I do n't like it very much , and I only gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because I think most digital answering machines have similar problems.Mainly , the voice quality stinks -- and I do n't mean the computer-generated voice -LRB- although that 's also very hard to understand -RRB- , but the recording quality is just awful , making any message coming from a cell phone VERY hard to understand . I do n't need 40 minutes of poor quality messages , I would much rather have 20 minutes of much better quality sound.Not only that , but the `` user interface '' is awful . It 's very confusing when a message that you deleted all of a sudden becomes `` undeleted '' and is there in the queue of messages to be played . And if you skip to the last message and then accidentally skip forward once more , you now have to go through ALL of the messages again -- it would 've been nice if skipping back one message from the first message would put you at the last message.I also wish that I did n't have to hear my outgoing message every single time someone is leaving a message.I 'm probably going to try and fix my good old cassette-based answering machine , while I try to find another digital answering machine that has better recording quality .
 I had an answering machine that did not seem to work very well so I did some Internet searching and read the reviews and the GE Telephone Answerer seemed to be what I wanted . The reviews I read were all quite good . However , what the reviewers do not say and what GE or the company that now owns and sells GE electronics do not say is that this machine is virtually useless if you have DSL Internet services . I have tried it with and without the DSL filter and the results are pretty much the same . To put it bluntly the product really sucks in this capacity . -LSB- ... -RSB- I think that a class action suit might be in order for people who have been ripped off like this because obviously they know this is a serious problem with this product and DSL .
 Do n't be fooled by this products description . Although it promises four `` mailboxes , '' in the answering machine sense of the word , it DOES NOT have four mailboxes . You CAN NOT record an outgoing message for each mailbox , you 're only allowed an A or B choice of outgoing annoucement and if you tell folks to press 2 , 3 or 4 , all they 'll get is a beep and then time to record , you ca n't leave any further instructions . So , not really a `` mailbox '' answering machine !
 I should have listened to all those reviews that said this was a piece of junk - they were right ! No matter where you set the `` rings to answer '' it still rings 7 or 8 times and then rings once more after the machine picks up . Customer service is a bigger joke . It took 10 minutes of going through a phone tree and giving personal information to someone whose first language is not english . 10 more minutes while he reads the manual and then gives the recommendation that you unplug the unit for 10 minutes and try again .
 I wanted an answering system that did n't require me to lift up my phone to see if there were any message because I 'd forget to do it , so I needed an external answering machine . I was surprised how few there were to choose from . I tried a RadioShack version , but it hung up on callers after a minute . The GE model I bought gives callers more time , but the audio quality is abysmal . I 'm embarrassed that I present myself to callers with such primitive sound quality and I often have trouble , for the same reason , deciphering the messages that come in . Rats !
 Unit promised nice functionality , however the caller could not hear the message . It would play on the speaker , so we did n't know that callers could not hear it.Support is non-existant . Returned unit to Amazon .
 Playback of voice mail was difficult to hear as the volume varied considerably from loud to extremely quiet . I sent it back .
 The product worked correctly for probably a week or two . Then the robot voice went completely haywire and made screeching noises you could not understand . Not happy .
 IT seemed to cut off bits of words when recording . I keep losing numbers and I am about to throw it away . I think it trunticates words in order to delete dead recording space . If the caller dont speak very loudly it deletes them . - * -LRB- Going to try ATT next .
 It will answer the call , then after a few seconds give the caller static . From the listening end , the sound is so scratchy , it 's impossible to understand the messages . I will be returning this item .
 It 's perfect for what I need it for . My parents snowbird and it is handy to have 4 mailboxes to catch the voice mails for them . The sound quality of the outgoing greeting and incoming messages are more than adequate . This is my second one I have purchased - the old one got `` fried '' when we had a power surge when the electric company was restoring power to the city after the severe October storm here .
 This little digital machine is supposed to have the best sound of all the digital answering machines , right ? It 's sound ... : -LRB- I do n't know of an answering machine now-a-days that does n't sound pathetically garbled . It is hard to believe people are actually marketing this stuff . It ... , and badly at that.I would choose an old tape system in a second over the now ubiquitous digital ones .
 The standalone answering machine had its heyday in the 1990s . Digital recording , an exotic and imperfect technology , transformed it from a complicated tape-based machine into a flexible voice-mail system.The technology has stagnated since miniaturization made it possible to incorporate answering systems into wireless telephone base stations . This GE-branded machine seems to represent a sad backslide.The one good point is that it can provide four separate voicemail boxes . This is more than offset by several drawbacks : -- An almost-unintelligible voice-prompt system . The designer of that feature seemed to be aiming for `` robotic strict female voice , '' and did not build appropriate `` shoulders '' into each voice segment . The comical result is a herky-jerky delivery of voice prompts . It is further hampered by a low sampling rate ; thus it is very hard to comprehend during a remote retrieval session . -- A computer-centric coding system for days of the week . The voice-driven time stamp system can tell you which day of the week a message arrived . But to SET the date , you have to know that the days of the week are numbered from 1 to 7 , starting with Monday . -- A data-retention system that does n't work . In theory , unplugging the machine from the wall -LRB- or experiencing a power failure -RRB- should not affect the system programming or received messages , as they should be retained in Flash ROM . Unplugging the power connector from the machine itself is designed to reset the machine -- a desirable feature in the event that ownership is transferred to another person . In practice , forget retaining your messages when the transformer is unplugged , because the machine certainly will.In sum , this is old technology , and it appears to have been realized by resource-starved wannabes who had little more than ancient parts , old designs , and a GE logo with which to work . There are almost no choices remaining for this kind of answering machine , but do n't conclude that this one is still on the market because it deserves to be.You would be better served to invest in a wireless base station that includes a mailbox-based answering system -- and ignore the wireless handset if you do n't need it.Siemens Gigaset 2425 Expandable Cordless Telephone System w / MailboxesVtech 2455 2.4 GHz w/3 Mailboxes CID & Additional Handset
 at first this machine worked but then ... after changing the battery out it continued to say `` BATTERY LOW '' after each message was replayed . Also volume level for recording is not the best . Not a good buy
 The machine was delivered as promised . The machine design is waht Ineeded , however , once installed the play-back volume was so low , itwas difficult to hear messages . I have ordered an audio amplifier in hopes of making this a functional unit . -LRB- I do have a hearing problem , so am not sure if this is my problem or the machines - or a combinationof both ? -RRB-
 The machine was priced right which is why I chose it . I 've owned it for about a year . This answering machine is unreliable . I record my message and the machine drops my message and reverts to the stock message at least once a week . It also drops the current date and time I enter . It is frustrating and I am going to buy another answering machine that is a different brand .
 The battery backup did n't work . With the 9V battery properly installed , the slightest interruption of power resulted in losing the outgoing message . This is not ok for a business office 's answering system . Amazon was great and sent me a replacement answering machine , but it did n't work in that one either . I thought maybe it was a defect with just that batch of machines , so I purchased one locally . That machine had the exact same defect.I wanted to be able to give this answering machine a good review , I really liked the features and it was very user friendly , but with messages so vulnerable it is useless to me . If you do n't mind losing your messages with no warning , it is a great machine .
 I see a lot of good reviews here . I must admit that the answering machine has a very good interface . The problem is that a few months after I bought it the speaker started making this crackling sound . It sits on a desk where we 're working and it 's very annoying to listen to this continuous random crackling noise . It was inexpensive , so I just bought another one . A few months later , the new one started doing the same thing ! I assume there was some sort of manufacturing defect . I just ca n't figure out why I do n't see anyone else mentioning this problem . Maybe this issue has been fixed by now , but let this be a warning that yours may do this too .
 In terms of features & price , this answering machine is one of the best deals you can get . With 4 separate mailboxes and 40 minutes of digital recording time , what 's not to love , right ? Well , after less than a year of use , the answering machine no longer answers incoming calls . After 4 rings , the outgoing message begins to play from the speaker , but the answering machine never picks up ! It took my wife and I several days of not getting any messages to figure this out . Who knows how many important messages we missed because of this ? Very infuriating.We have since replaced the answering machine with a Sprint SP-812 that we picked up used from Craigslist.org for $ 10 . The SP-812 only has 1 mailbox and 12 minutes of recording time , but at least it reliably answers the phone ... and that 's the most important feature of all .
 This answering machine had 1 message cut off , would n't allow one person to leave a message , and another had to call back repeatedly in order to leave a message . This was all in the first use of the machine . Digital Messaging System with 4 Mailboxes
 I purchased this unit from Amazon after reading many machine reviews.This unit was not rated well , but most answering machines are not , I took a chance . As predicted , it worked well for 6 months , then stopped answering and just hung up on calls . I contacted GE/Thompson via web site and got a run around blaming the problem on my phone . A phone reset did not correct the problem with the answering machine . Then they provided a long distance number -LRB- no 800 # in the 21st Century ? , says sonething about their support -RRB- that never did ring , it 's been busy for 3 weeks . Poor product , dismal support , Buyer Beware .
 My business prefers digital answering machines with lots of memory . The 40 minutes on this unit seemed ideal . Unfortunately , the speaker was so poor that many of the messages were garbled almost beyond recognition . After two days , my staff requested a new unit . We replaced it with a similarly featured model by AT&T and are MUCH happier . Can not recommend this to anyone .
 THERE 'S NO COMPARISON BETWEEN THIS MACHINE AND THE OLD PANASONIC THAT LASTED 12 YEARS WITH NO PROBLEMS . THE SOUND ON THE GE IS TERRIBLE AND OFTEN MESSAGES ARE JUST A GRATING MUFFLED BUNCH OF UNINTELLIGIBLE WORDS . THIS WAS RATED BETTER THAN OTHER MACHINES OUT THERE THESE DAYS BUT THAT IS TRULY A SAD STATE OF AFFAIRS .
 Regardless of replacing the 9V Battery almost once a week , this machinekeeps loosing the Greeting Message all the time.Voice Quality is also not very good .
 I am so dissapointed in this answering machine . I read so many great reviews that I went out and bought one . It is easy to use and read and looks good . However , it regularly cut people off while they were leaving a message -LRB- and message length was set to four minutes -RRB- and sometimes would n't pick up . I ca n't believe I 'm the only one with these problems and yet I tell you the truth it 's happened with two machines .
 I had this machine for about 3 months before it just stopped taking messages . The greeting would answer and it seemed like it was working but I 'd have people telling me it was cutting them off after about 5 seconds and never take the message . I wondered why I had n't had any messages on it for about a month!I 'm wishing I could find an answering machine that was worth a darn .
 I 'm not happy with this machine . I purchased it as a replacement for an AT&T digital answering machine that worked very well for about 12 years , but finally gave out . However this machine is inferior to my old AT&T unit . This machine
 I 've been through two of these things in about 6 months . You 'd think I 'd learn , but I 'm always in a rush , and it was the only one I could find with 40 min record time . The backup battery often failed , it often cut off my callers , then twice , it outright died and I 'd have to buy a new one . When it worked , it did work pretty well and has a lot of features for the money . But this time , I think I have to go AT + T.
 I have bought and returned this machine two times . It has a good feature set but loses settings even with battery backup . The other problem is that it there making static noises all the time . It does n't matter how close to the 2.4 G phone it sits but it just makes noise all the time . In a small apartment this is a fatal flaw .
 worked great for almost a year . then it started cutting off messages at about 20seconds . machine was set for 3minutes . thought i was the only one , but several other reviewers had the same problem . so must be a common problem . cheaply made w/low quality control ? will try to return and see what happens . stay tuned .
 The sound quality of this unit is just awful . You could make out what was being said , but it was not easy . I think this unit is a big mistake for anyone and that you can do far better with an integrated system on a phone.I returned mine . If you buy this , keep your expectations very low .
 This digital unit does not meet performance expectations . An electrical storm wrecked my annalog cassette tape answering unit and was replaced by this one -LRB- both models were GE -RRB- . About a third of messages on this new digital unit are of such poor voice quality they are undiscernable and especially if a message is left from a cell phone caller . This was not the case with the analog cassette unit . In hinds sight , I would have paid to have the fried unit repaired .
 Very poor Audio Quality . Bought this considering the fact that it has four mail boxes but after listening to audio quality thinking of returning . Not for people who demand and appreciate quality .
 Not many of these separate answering machines around . After reading the various reviews , decided to purchase this machine . The features are great . It was easy to program , and loved the four separate mailboxes . Outgoing message -LRB- you can program two different ones -RRB- was clear when calling in , and incoming messages also quite easy to understand . Good volume control . Very easy to set up for use . One unusual feature is the line cord to the wall jack ; it 's fixed to the machine , and it 's pretty short . Would prefer a removable cord . Anyway , seems great , huh ? Well , after only a couple of weeks , it 's broken ! Calls come in , and machine picks up , but caller ca n't hear the outgoing message , nor can leave a message . Tried all the fixes in `` troubleshooting , '' none worked ; tried all new cords , everything we could think of . Look somewhere else - poor quality control/reliablity , and it does n't even have any moving parts ! Have an older GE with tape -LRB- switched for the extra mailboxes -RRB- , about 7 years old , still works great ! Progress ??
 I purchased this machine because it has the most recording time and most mailboxes of all the consumer systems out there -- I need these features for my business . I also need the recording quality to be good , like your run-of-the-mill commercial voicemail system -LRB- or the old cassette-type machines -RRB- because I need to capture and edit these voice messages on my computer . On the recommendation of a couple of reviewers in this forum who stated that the voice quality was great , I decided to give this model a try.Well , this system does deliver the capacity , but I 'm sorry to say that the voice quality is one of the worst I 've ever heard on a digital answering machine . It 's the same problem that plagues all digital answerers
 I purchased two GE answering machines the same as this one except with one mail box and within a few months they both for no reason said the messages were full randomly for no reason . They also do n't stand behind their products .
 After only a few months this machine started to malfunction . When someone would call it would play 2 seconds of the outgoing message , then disconnect them . Could not problem solve - am now looking to GE for a refund.DO NOT buy this machine
 I 'm on my third one in three months . Messages intended for one mailbox transfer to another . Lights do n't work . Buttons mash down permanently . Piece of caca , this is .
 I got tired of the tapes wearing out of my old answering machine , but this answering machine after a few months ' use , would cut off my greeting and disconnect , making people have to call two or three times.I think I 'll stick to the tape machines . Mine was reliable as long as the tape lasted .
 We 've had this phone for over 3 years . We have had several problems with it that started within that first year . Several of the dialing buttons have stopped being responsive , making it almost impossible to dial a number without dialing from another phone and then switching . A lot of times , I have a really hard time hearing people on the phone no matter what I do with the volume . Finally , if we happened to leave the phone off the hook overnight , the next time I tried to use it it was low battery.I 've had no problems with the answering machine - it is simple and easy to use , but I would avoid this phone if possible . I know another couple that bought this phone , and they 've been having these same problems even after exchanging it for another one .
 I have had this phone/answering machine for about a year , and it just keeps getting worse . At first , I noticed that it was hard to hear people , and others complained that it was hard to hear me , too . The voice on the answering machine is also very soft when accessed remotely , so it is difficult to understand detailed messages . Then , over time , additional `` features '' appeared -- such as random bursts of LOUD static and periods of time when the phone just did not work . The static was almost painful , and my frustration peaked when I would `` answer '' the ringing phone , only to be greeted with a buzzing tone -- I had to run to other phones in the house to get the calls.Now , the answering machine quit working . The machine picks up when someone calls , but the outgoing message does not play , the caller can not leave a message , and it ties up my phone line until it resets itself -LRB- usually several hours -RRB- . Please avoid this phone -LRB- I would give it zero stars , if possible -RRB- -- you will save money in the long run by spending a little more up front . I am now shopping for a new one myself ...
 Thank goodness this was a gift ! It lasted only 1 year . The only good things I can say about this phone had was the reception and the remote access to messages.The cons :1 -RRB- The handset
 Pros
 Wow ! A 900mhz cordless phone with digital answering machine for under ... , that 's amazing ! Sounds almost too good to be true . Well , it is too good to be true . The ... you pay is great for all the features , but one of the most important qualities of a telephone is lost in this product
 Do n't waste your money . I bought this as a gift for my brother . There is no way I would give this as a gift to anyone . It is a piece of thick wire threaded at both ends , held together with a mating bolt . It does n't even have a finish . It looks like it was lying around on a garage floor . What a piece of junk !
 The pen writes really lightly and tends to clump ink from time to time . It 's also not the smoothest pen . I use these to grade papers and the ink does n't stand out all that much .
 ** Brief Review ** I am usually a fan of Bic products . But not this one . This pen does not write smooth at all . It seems that if a lot of time between usuage goes by , you 'd better have a scrap piece of paper handy . You 'll need it to scratch on and jump start this pen.Also just about every time I pull the over-tight cap off , I end up disassembling the pen . I see the other reviewer before me had the same gripe -LRB- s -RRB- . Do n't waste your money , you 'd be better off stealing pens from the bank ...
 ... but give them credit for trying.I consider myself an aficionado of cheap , crappy pens
 All features of this PDA worked as expected except for the update of Excel spread sheet files . When the spreadsheet files are sent back to the PDA , via Pocket Sheet Sync program , cell attributes change . This problem has been verified by Casio technical support .
 I received this as a gift . I was real excited and ready to use all the features . However , my excitement was short lived . In the three weeks I have had it , I have gone through at least 5 pairs of batteries . It seemed as if every other time I tryed to turn it on , the batteries were dead . Also , I never did figure out how to work the PC synchronization . I tried from home and work and never could get it to work . Even after printing out the 300 or so pages of documentation . I finally decided mine must be defective since it was eating batteries so fast and I was hardly using it , so I took it back to the store and got a full refund . I would not recommend .
 As another reviewer also found out , I had a terrible battery life problem , running through several -LRB- expensive -RRB- AAA pairs very quickly with little use ... Since I live in Mexico and bought this on a trip to NY at Compusa , I probably wo n't be able to get a refund ... now I 'm buying a Sony Clie on Amazon . My advice
 I have used a Palm III and Palm VII . I wanted a -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- Palm-like organizer , so I bought this unit . THe display is dim and fuzzy . There are NO INSTRUCTIONS for installing the PC Sync software , and no troubleshooting help available . The device would not communicate with my WIndows 2000 or Win 98 PC . It comes with a serial port connector -LRB- not USB -RRB- and `` PC Sync 99 '' software . The unit is light , toy-grade plastic , the touch screen is too sensitive . There is nothing about this device to recommend . Spend a few more bucks for a Palm or a Handspring .
 This organizer works great with Outlook ! You can store all of your contacts in the organizer and take them wherever you go . *** BUT *** Using the Pocket Sheet Sync to send and receive Excel files is like pulling teeth . I have tried changing every setting on my computer and in the software , but this will NOT work at all for me . I am using Microsoft Excel 2000 on a Windows ME system . I can send the files from the organizer to my computer , but not the other way around . The error tells me that I need to contact technical support , but they are n't helpful with this issue at all . The only thing that they could advise was that I change the batteries . I tried that to no avail . They had no other suggestions.HORRIBLE LITTLE PRODUCT -- WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME
 I am using the business card book although not entirely happy with the quality . The plastic pages are designed to hold two business cards , back-to-back , in each pocket . The cards do not stay in the pockets , they slide out each time the book is opened to the page . I expected much better quality from Rolodex . I will more than likely replace it-reading the customer review before buying.So many times I see a product I think I want and after reading the customer reviews , I no longer want the product . Thank you Amazon for this wonderful service ; I am now a much wiser consumer .
 This and another model of Southwest Bell phone I have both have very low volume and talk time of only 40 - 60 minutes max !!!
 This is a nice looking phone . It was our second cordless phone . The first lasted several years before the rechargeable battery finally died.But after trying this phone , we gave up on cordless varieties.The first battery would n't hold a charge . The company shipped a second , but we could n't make it work.Based on the experience of other customers , in addition to our own , it looks like Southwestern Bell messed up on this model .
 Using this phone has been a frustrating experience . I initially liked it because of the wall mount and the way it tilts back for holding the handset . After that there are no redeeming features . People on the other end always said we sounded far away or they could barely hear us . On the receiving end , we experienced a lot of background interference - hissing , echo , and word cut off . I tried two of these and got the same result . It 's too late for me , but save yourself the headache -LRB- literally from all the noise -RRB- . I 'm going to live with the sticky keypad on my old Panasonic and put it back into service until I find something else .
 We bought the phone yesterday for what we thought was a good deal . Unfortunately , this phone is the noisiest phone I 've ever tried . Dialing means you have to incur an annoying clicking sound , and hanging up involves a loud beep . Simply putting the phone on the base requires earplugs . Returning this sucker tomorrow .
 I expect quality transmission in a phone and from day one with this model it has been a lose lose situation for me and the person I am talking to . The person on the other end always says the same thing - `` you sound really far away or I can barely hear you '' . For me , there is a continuous hiss and an echo when I speak . Despite the sticking key pad , our old Panasonic cordless is superior to this phone . For now , I dial out using the new phone and conduct the call on the old phone . I still need a new phone - the Soutwestern Bell phone has got to go ! It 's too late for me , but save yourself the headache -LRB- literally from all the hiss in your ear -RRB- and select another cordless phone .
 After having three phones from Southwestern Bell and having problems with all three , I was told by their customer service reps that their phones do n't work in the kitchen . That 's seens funny . Where do most people have their phones . The battery does n't stay charged , there are moments when it just cuts out for a couple seconds , and the volume is bad even when you turn it all the way up .
 This phone just ca n't seem to be in the same room with anything electronic . I had bought it for my bedroom and it seemed to work fine for a short while and then the buzzing sound started . I was n't sure why at first and then I tried moving around and noticed that the buzzing sound lowered as I moved it away from any electronics . Well , that wo n't do for me because I want it on my night stand along with my lamp and my clock radio . I should have sent it back but I just gave it to my kid to play with . I have since bought a nice new cordless phone of another brand that works great !
 After about a month of owning this phone , the display failed completely . We bought two of them , and you can not read the caller id on either . DO not buy this .
 Answering machine voice quality poor ; handset soon shorted out from static electricity ; no hang-up feature from handset . I do n't recommend this one .
 Wall-mounting is difficult , the sound quality of the answering machine is poor , and the answering machine circuitry fried before one year of use .
 This phone has terrible range . The sound quality is very poor . The battery life is short , and it mysteriously stopped working after 1 year . It is definitely not a good choice for the money .
 The product arrived in the original packaged but it was all taped up like it had been used and looked very old . Not sure why it was n't advertised as used if it was going to come looking so horrible . Still have to determine if it will work
 This item is listed as a typewriter , but it is another electronic `` wonder '' . It is very complicated and difficult to use . Every process involves a code . There is little manual control . It is most difficult to figure out where you are `` typing '' . Filling in applications and such is a trial and error process . I am struggling with it , for sure , and disappointed . I would much prefer to be using my old Smith-Corona typewriter if I could only find a ribbon and correction tape .
 We had troubles fromt he start , they correct a type would not work . Took to a Brothers repair shop and they could not fix , need some parts . . plus when you tried to type letters you would get numbers ... It was the present my daughter wanted the most for christmas and she could not use ... very sad . So I will by another brand at a local store in town .
 Just a little under six weeks and it no longer prints properly . Its as if the hammer that drives the arms for the letters hits when it feels like it and sometimes it is on a wrong key from the one that was touched . So , actually , I am disappointed with this machine . I now have to waste my time in trying to find a repair shop for this and I am afraid the cost will be more than the cost of the machine ... so ... I think that if I would have spent more bucks and perhaps a better name brand I would have been much happier . Anyway , thats that !!!!
 The design and quality workmanship of this product leaves a lot to be desired . The correction tape mechanism is far too complicated and almost impossible to replace . The first time the correction ribbon was replace it had to be taken in for service where a defective part was found and since the time span was 95 days there was no coverage for labor . Recently a second correction ribbon needed to be replaced and the same problem . The technical support person said the typewriter had to be taken in for service again - again without coverage for labor cost . The cost to replace the correction tapes has already exceeded the original cost of this product in a time period of six months - so this typewriter will be thrown on the heap scrap pile and replaced with a non-Brother brand named typewriter .
 This machine is not worth the parts it 's made of . After unpacking , I plugged it in and turned it on , only to be greeted by an unpleasant grinding of the daisy wheel , followed by an unceasing beeping sound . I referred to one of the packing forms to find that there is a small un-obvious carriage block inside that must be removed prior to activation . The machine is inoperable . I called customer support , which only told me to remove the carriage block . They were unhelpful , non-technical , and infuriatingly apathetic . They referred me to a 3rd party repair center , who 's number was no longer in service . DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE FOR ANY REASON . IT IS A $ 105 DOLLAR JOKE .
 purchased this item in Jan of 2012 . used infrequently . after about 10 hours of use it just quit . 90 day warranty useless , this fee and that fee and shipping and return shipping , 1 year warranty useless . just so much junk for $ 100 ... . buy elsewhere . i will never use this manufacturer again . not Amazon 's fault but maybe the should screen their vendors a little more closely
 This typewrtiter is used in a legal office and for the small amount it is used we fight it almost every time we use it . Towards the bottom of a document it does n't hold the paper , it is a cheap quality and very hard to line up a straigt line . It is basic and offers great simple features but the quality of printing is inferior to our expectations . At times it prints the wrong letters , beeps frequently for unkown reasons . There is always something going wrong .
 after unpacking the item would not set up . It would not operate . Unpacking instructions were followed with great care . Set-up instructions were followed with great care . The support unit of Brother was telephoned in accordance with instructions and I was instructed to take the typewriter to the nearest authorized repair center - a mere 49 miles away , I was informed . 49 miles if I had a helicopter , that is , the actual drive was 90 minutes and 75 miles away . The repair center informed me that -LRB- a -RRB- they would need to order parts and -LRB- b -RRB- would also charge at least $ 50 for labor . The fine print
 Very poor quality product
 I have a Brothers ' laser printer , all in one , and in general have found their products to be reliable and to never need repair . However , I called Brother 's main line because I wanted some information about a typewriter . I had contacted the company via e-mail and had not received a response . First , the representative who answered did not listen to me and spoke so quickly that he directed me to the wrong department . When I called back , he gave me another number , then hung up with hardly a thank you . When I called the second number he gave me , this representative asked me what I product I wanted . I told him I did n't know ; thus my call to ask questions . In response to this he asked for my phone number . I gave my phone number and expected to ask some questions ; instead , he stated that in order to continue , he wished for more information -LRB- I had not even bought anything -RRB- but that if I did n't want to give any personal information , I had to say `` refuse '' or `` continue . '' I said I just had some questions because I did not think he would need any personal info if I just wanted some answers without committing to buy anything . To my surprise , the gentleman stated again , -LRB- quickly and abruptly , like the first representative -RRB- , `` In order to continue , you - must - say `` Refuse '' or `` Continue ! '' -RRB- This felt very strange to me . I felt very robotic and awkward and forced myself to do what he told me to do -- i.e. ; say `` refuse . '' When I asked my questions , he listed serial numbers so quickly that I had to repeat them back and I - felt - he was extremely impatient . When my questions were answered , I said `` Thank you , '' but he had already said a `` Thank you '' and had hung up!This is just from a customer service point of view , and it is from brother 's headquarters , not related to Amazon 's sales , I believe . But just FYI . I still like and trust brother 's - products - very much.I called Smith Corona and a gentleman named Bill answered and was quite nice and directed me to the model that would suit my needs because he knew what questions to ask a customer -- I believe that as a company , one should expect a customer to know less about the company 's product and to help educate the customer re
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas . My wife has eye sightproblems & has to use Boldface characters to be able to seewhat she is typing . This machine is much to noisy with threeloud clicks for each boldface character . As I said a bad choice .
 This typewriter is an unbelievable piece of junk . Garbage . Do n't buy it - even if they offer it to you for free . There 's not enough room here to list the problems - just skip it . Do yourself a favor , and stay away from Brother . I 've had nothing but problems with their fax machines and printers as well . Do n't know how they stay in business .
 Typewriter lasted only 2 1/2 months before malfunctioning . Characters typed does not correspond to what was printed on paper . Troubleshooting it at Brothers website did not help . Not worth wasting my time dealing with the warranty department .
 This is really a very poor quality machine . Every single time I take it out to use it , I have to run a test sheet through to make sure the ribbons are lined up - they get knocked out of place extremely easily . Ca n't tell you how many red-ink , scannable IRS forms I have ruined when I forgot to test it and the correction ribbon was out of place again . In general , the construction is pretty substandard . Definitely go with a Smith Corona instead .
 I really do n't like this answering machine . Although technically it 's done everything it says it would there is no digital number reading how many messages you have - you just have to count the number of times the tiny little green dot blinks . You also have to hit `` save '' during the middle of hearing your message . If you do n't - that message is gone for good . It 's also difficult to save just one message . The default setting is to save all of them . I 'm going to look for something else .
 What 's that axium ... Looks good ... ??? This little work of art , is great looking . It 's small . It 's stainless & black . It 's inexpensive ... and so far ... IT -LSB- STINKS -RSB- !! Not easy to use , the sound quality is poor , at best . You ca n't just delete msgs , yet those you want deleted can be left intact ... and on and on . Too bad ... THOUGHT I 'd purchased a winner , instead I purchased a DOG !
 We tried two of these and neither worked correctly -- kept cutting callers off , sometimes would erase the outgoing message , and outgoing message quality was poor . Could not get it to delete or save individual messages . So frustrating .
 I was so proud of my cute litte phone when I got it , now I 'd like to throw my cute little phone into the wall . The answering system is clear and fine , the reception is ok - but stay clear of the microwave . However , the keypad is horrible . I get double entries , 6 is 9 , 7 is 3 , 8 is 6 ... you get my drift . I now have to dial from the base and wait for an answer before i can use the handset . As for the battery , it last for about 45 minutes then it 's time to charge . What a waste !
 I have been using this type of phone -LRB- Model 27993GE-B 1334HY -RRB- about 7 months . Handset is identical but the base is little bit different . Its answering machine is awesome but the handset is awful . Problem began just after 2 months ; caller in the other end can not hear me . It happened sometimes and became worse ; and right now , nobody can hear me . I guess it 's not a problem with battery . I contacted the distributor through email , but the answer was not satisfactory . I never recommend this phone for anybody .
 I bought this same model phone just in a different color about 13 months ago . The phone worked fine , it had clear sound , the battery would stay charged even when off the base for over a day , and the lighted keypad was a great function for finding the phone fast when it 's not on the base . I 've unfortunately had to replace this phone recently because the keypad has stopped working . You need to press down extrordinarily hard to get the buttons to respond and then it dials the number twice . This made it impossible to dial numbers that have an automated menu , and also just plain annoying to dial any number . It 's not an expensive phone , but it 's really not worth the price for only one year of use .
 Loved all the features -- Mute and Hold on the base and the handset . Speaker phone worked great ... BUT the quality of the headset made my cellular phone seem great . Lots of clicking noises and short range for a 2.4 GH phone . Has to go back ...
 We have had this phone for more than a year and a half now . Purchased new out of the box , the battery cover was poorly fitted , and constantly falls off . Worst , the blasted `` Digital Messaging System '' drops our callers in the middle of their messages . Can you imagine getting a message from your mother about your dad 's chemotherapy that goes like this
 I had a 7 year old cordless phone that had PERFECT reception -LRB- it was a panasonic -RRB- but unfortunately the buttons went on it so we decided to replace it with this phone . I wish I had never done that because the reception is so horrible in our very small apt . that I ca n't believe it . All we hear are clicks and static whenever we leave the room where the phone base is . -LRB- AGAIN - reception was perfect with our supposedly out of date phone -RRB- . I am so very disappointed and annoyed !
 This phone is simply not worth the money ... terrible reception
 Yes to all of the problems that other people had , and worse still is how sometimes for no reason , it just wo n't work . It just beeps at you . So frustrating ! You know the battery is n't low because it was sitting on the base , so you 're at a loss . My husband finally gave into frustration and threw it across the room . I 'm glad it 's broken ; now I can justify getting a new phone - and not GE this time !
 I have had this phone for a week and it is unusable . A couple of times every phone call the handset emits a horrible parrot-like shriek and then changes channel . Half the time when I charge the handset it automatically goes on page and will not charge or reset . About 1 in 5 calls the handset will not dial the number entered and the only way to reset it is to place it back in the unit.I have to call GE but I do n't even want a replacement .
 Do n't trust GE 's 6 sigma.I bought 2 . One does n't work now . The other has problems too .
 The GE phones are awful . The caller ID displays new calls in random order , all over the place with previously logged in calls . About a month out of warranty the base unit now has to be unplugged about once a week to reset normal functioning . GE customer service is of no help , basically statings & quot ; This is the way the phone normally operates . & quot ; Yeah , right ... My gut reaction after trying the phone at home was to take it right back . I wish I had .
 Bought this thinking I was purchasing a good product by a reputable company . Bad move ! The handset constantly loses ` communication ' with the base and the caller ID does n't work consistently either . I went to bed last night with the handset fully charged and sitting on my nightstand . I woke up with nothing on the caller ID , the speaker button on the base lit up and the handset in use . To top it off , I had a new message from my friend on my answering machine ! Huh !?!
 I am extremely dissapointed with this phone . The reception was awful and now , a little over a year later , it has completely died . The extended warranty has now expired and I am out $ 90.00 . The reception/range was very poor even within my own home The battery would also hold a very limited charge . Save your money !
 Less than a year after purchasing this phone the speakphone does not work ... which means the answering machine is useless . The sound is extreemly muffled and the volume constantly fluctuates . The handset also has sound issues . It is almost impossible to hear someone through the handset , even if the volume is all the way up .
 The phone works fine , but the caller ID leaves a bit to be desired . It does n't show if someone has recently called unless they left a message , and if there are old numbers stored , it is a pain sorting through to find the new calls . Also , sometimes the numbers on the phone do n't work until the second or third time you push them . We are looking for a new one .
 we purchased this phone after reading reviews from consumer reports . it stinks , i hate it , i 'm returning it . the phone ring will walk on every last nerve you have . the voice quality stinks as well , i have to hold the phone away from me to hear the other person it is so loud , and it sounds like i 'm yelling into the phone . we can not figure out how to lower it . and the handset is extremely uncomfortable to hold either with your hand or your shoulder . consumer reports dropped the ball on this phone . it 's quick pick criteria list should include more every day considerations . do NOT buy .
 I bought this phone about 18 months ago , and have not been happy with it from the beginning . I thought I just needed to get & amp ; quot ; adjusted & amp ; quot ; to it ... no ! < br > NOW , the buttons are & amp ; quot ; broken & amp ; quot ; ... you have to pound on ALL of them to get them to work . I live alone , so it 's not like there is a rough-and-tumble bunch of kids using it . < br > Also , the answering system is below quality , and when you are receiving another call , the call-waiting buzz/beep is WAY too long . < br > Overall , a very , very disappointing purchase . I am now in the process of looking for a replacement . < br > DO N'T buy this phone
 To Qoute another reviewer - this phone reminds me of one of the first cordless phones I owned when they first came out . - walking about 25 feet away from base caused lots of static , clicking and popping ; switching channnels or relocating base does not change this - poor sound quality on the answering machine playback , callers sounded like they were underwater , although maybe they were , its been raining alot here lately - There may be some good features to this phone , but I 'm not keeping it long enough to find out
 We were looking to replace a clunky old Uniden model with something more contemporary-looking , and to be honest , we were pleased with almost everything about this phone -- the styling , the size , the dialing , etc. . But one of the most important things an answering machine has to do is PICK UP INCOMING CALLS . If your answering machine ca n't do that reliably , would n't you say you purchased a bum product ? Well , about two weeks after buying this guy , co-workers started saying `` hey , do n't you have an answering machine ? '' and I knew we had a problem . Tested it and sure enough , it picked up only about 50 % of the time . Our Uniden never had that problem . We sent it to GE and to their credit , got a replacement phone in about 2-3 weeks . Only problem is , the replacement they sent PICKS UP CALLS ONLY 50 % OF THE TIME . Unbelievable . Never again .
 Our previous Panasonic cordless 900MHz phone was replaced with this GE phone when the Panasonic keypad stopped working.We liked the CID and answering machine . The sound quality and battery life were good . We were perfectly happy with the phone for some months . But then the speaker in the base station for the speakerphone stopped working . I replace it with a speaker from an old junk answering machine . Not great , but usable -LRB- speakerphone is not that important for us -RRB- . Now with over a year of use the GE keypad has stopped working -LRB- have to press multiple times . Sometimes you end up getting a double entry . Very frustrating when you have to attempt to dial multiple times -RRB- . Taking apart the phone , it has the keypad construction as our Panasonic had . Some kind of black disks embedded under keypad buttons make contact with against the circuit board when the buttons are pressed . I assume these disks are supposed to be conductive -LRB- but they have a high resistance -RRB- . There was also some lubricant . Anyway , these keypads are definitely not built to last . I had expected to use this phone for many years . Why should you have to replace your phone every year or two ? I will not be buying a Panasonic or GE again , nor any phone with the same kind of keypad -LRB- maybe all brands use the same keypad technology ? -RRB- .
 I just bought this phone because my trusty 900 MHz Sony finally crapped out . This phone looked like a great deal in the store , but now I know why they were selling them so cheap!The range is pathetic . Sound quality goes down very quickly as you get away from the base . It reminds me of the very first cordless phones that you had to hold in just the right orientation in just the right place to get good reception.The LCD display is all but illegible . You have to look at the screen at some weird angle in order to increase the contrast to where you can read it . The time/date stamp is particular difficult to read.The botom line
 I bought this phone about 18 months ago , and have not been happy with it from the beginning . NOW , the buttons are broken ... you have to pound on ALL of them to get them to work . I live alone , so it 's not like there is a rough-and-tumble bunch of kids using it.Also , the answering system is below quality , and when you are receiving another call , the call-waiting buzz/beep is WAY too long.Overall , a very , very disappointing purchase . I am now in the process of looking for a replacement.DON ' T buy this phone
 Cons : After little over a year the ' 5 ' button on the keypad ceased functioning . We 're not particularly heavy phone users and have never experienced anything like this before so it appears they just use cheap keypad switches . Receiver volume and answering machine sound quality are adequate at best.Pros : A lot of features at a moderate price .
 This was the worst 2.4 phone I 've ever had . It echoed , had tons of static , and overall was a hunk of junk ! Very unhappy with this item !
 Please see my review on the phone-only version -LRB- no answering machine -RRB- of this phone . Worst phone I have ever owned .
 The handset of this phone echoed horribly and you could barely read the caller ID display on it . I brought it back after 3 days and am looking for another !
 I bought this phone about 18 months ago , and have not been happy with it from the beginning . I thought I just needed to get & quot ; adjusted & quot ; to it ... no!NOW , the buttons are & quot ; broken & quot ; ... you have to pound on ALL of them to get them to work . I live alone , so it 's not like there is a rough-and-tumble bunch of kids using it.Also , the answering system is below quality , and when you are receiving another call , the call-waiting buzz/beep is WAY too long.Overall , a very , very disappointing purchase . I am now in the process of looking for a replacement.DON ' T buy this phone
 I 'm on my second one already . The first one wouldnt even turn on with the talk button . ALL IT DID WAS BEEP SAYING IT WAS OUT OF RANGE , I WAS ONLY 2 FEET AWAY FROM THE BASE . So I bought another one thinking I just got a bad one . Well now it sometimes works , has tons of static unless I turn a certain way , and if I leave the room that has the base it cuts off . The features were nice but Im taking this one back before the warranty expires !
 This phone is a waste of money . From the very beginning it had heavy static and teh sound faded in and out . After a month or so , it started making these really loud beeps that more or less sound like a family of constipated ducks -LRB- seriously -RRB- and BOTH people can hear them . They 're practically constant now -- well , actually , I stopped using it since it does n't recharge anymore without blinking and making clicking noises . Even when it would be fully charged and right next to the base , it would say it was out of range . In the middle of a phone call , with a full battery , it would turn off and I 'd have to run over to the base and put it in for a second and press on . The other person would usually be there , unless I took to long getting to the base . This is a major waste of money , it 's a terrible phone ...
 We took this phone back after two days . The handset is not comfortable and there is always a lot a clicking and static . I called many different people in different areas to try the phone out and they all said it sounded like I was talking through a tin can . Most of our conversations consisted of `` What ? '' I ca n't tell you weather the features worked or not because I could n't get past how horrible the handset and reception -LRB- both ways -RRB- were . A huge disappointment .
 I actually bought 2 of these phones , one with the answering machine as the main phone and then an extra one for the bedroom with only caller ID . I have a hard time with both of these phones cause of the buttons . They only work when they want to , for example if you are dialing out and attempt to presh the 4 , it wont work until it feels like working -LRB- very frustrating when you are attempting to make a call -RRB- . I know that it has to be a faulty part on GE 's part because this has happened with both phones and I have heard of others with the same problem . So beware , you might end up like me , having to purchase new phones again in less than a year .
 We received this phone as a Christmas gift last year from my parents . I felt compelled to use it because it was an expensive gift . However , I can no longer take it . This phone has been horrible ; half the time when you make a call it never goes through even with several attempts . The display is small and if you have caller ID , the number and name of the person calling does not register -LRB- I have an AT&T cordless phone that does register the number -RRB- . One other thing to consider is ... the handset is not a speaker phone -LRB- very disappointing -RRB- . I have been very happy with our AT&T phone ; the phone still works and has been dropped from our deck onto our patio , and has been through years of abuse .
 This phone seemed to eat batteries for lunch . Then I discovered the charger was n't always working . It is barely a year old and I have to wiggle the phone in the cradle to get the battery to charge . Now with a brand new battery the outgoing sound has suddenly stopped working . I can hear fine I just ca n't say anything . It would be a great gift to give that husband who never listens !
 I had GE phone for 2 days and it stopped working . . Thank god it stopped working within the period I could return the phone . My sincere suggestion would be to avoid anything that has GE logo on it as their products are least reliable ... Hope this helps
 I 've ordered nine of these so far and have received three of them broken . I do n't know why since the they 're carefully packaged . Maybe they were broken before they were packaged ? I was able to glue them and with the cards in them you ca n't see the break .
 There are a number of nice features on this phone , but they are all overshadowed by its extremely poor sound quality . We have the handset turned up to the maximum , and yet we can often barely hear people on the other end of the line . In addition , since we bought it there have been mysterious clicks occurring on the line -- everyone is constantly asking us if our line is tapped.The sound quality of the outgoing answering message is also poor . Incoming messages sound fine , though.The battery life is fine . But the sound quality really makes this a hard phone to use . We are buying something else , after owning it for only two months .
 Same audio problems with ours , only the microphone is weak as well as the speaker . Also , we ca n't seem to find a replacement battery that works , after 3 trips to RadioShack ! This one 's going in the dumpster real soon ...
 Phone is unacceptable for wall mount because : LCD is unreadable unless you bend down and shine a bright light on it . -LRB- I have good eyes by the way ! -RRB- Useless in dim light situations . No backlight on display . Font is tiny.Stay away .
 I only gave this phone one star because there is no `` 0 star '' option . I bought this phone and within ONE WEEK it had deteriorated to the point where dialing required slow , hard pressing , and often still did n't register ... sometimes it would pause/mute during the middle of a conversation and it randomly hung up on people . WHY IS IT SO HARD TO FIND A PHONE THAT LASTS !?!??!
 After setting up this phone I used it to make a few calls . I immediately noticed a lot of backround noise whenever I used it . The noise was there whether making or receiving calls . When I switched back to my old phone on the same jack , the noise was gone . I 'll be returning this one .
 I had a new Southwestern Bell phone and in less than two weeks , some of the numbers started rubbing off . I called the customer service line and their rep said that they do n't know that some chemical was n't put on them . -LRB- Which is a ridiculous and foolish thing to say , not to mention silly . -RRB- So much for their phone line . If you try contacting them by email , they wo n't contact you back . They are associated with Conair , and I will never purchase Southwestern Bell or Conair products ever again .
 I bought this phone just to have as an emergency land line . It suits my needs . You ca n't read the display and I hate the flashing light that signals a call recieved but it is fine for a back up phone .
 This phone is inferior . Used as a wall mount , you have to squat to read the caller ID info . Terrible feedback when using speakerphone with the volume passed half level . NO MUTE BUTTON ! And ... I can hear a radio station when using the handset . The 1 plus ... no AC required .
 This is 2.4 GHZ ANALOG . It is NOT a DIGITAL ! Digital is sharper and more secure than Analog . Years ago they started selling DIGITAL and I have no idea why so many are sneaking in poorer quality Analog phones without clearly stating so . Next time you go to best buy , etc take a look . If the phone does not say 900 mhz or 2.4 Ghz DIGITAL then it is analog . Retailer mix them all together and many associates do n't even realize . I would recommend a 900 Mhz DIGITAL over 2.4 Ghz Analog . Another thing to notice is that many phone will say 2.4 Ghz with Digital Answering machine . This usually means that the answering machine is digital but the phone is not . It has to say 2.4 GHz digital phone . The companies are good at sneakingly getting us to buy cheap crap at inflated prices . This 2.4 Ghz analog phone should be less . They are hoping that consumers assume it is digital.Poor quality/Caller ID area scratches and becomes unreadable/Phone acts up /
 Bought this phone for the price vs features . People complain the voice is weak on the receiving end . The conversation gets disrupted if the 2nd line rings while talking on the first line and vice-versa . This happens even with the ringer turned off . There is a static clicking sound every time the lighted handset lights . Tried two different brands of headsets and both distort with this phone . The line 1 and 2 indicator is dreadfully small and difficult to read . The complaints others have with the dialing tones can be attributed to the fact that you can pre-dial the numbers before accessing a phone line . When operated in this manner , you typically dial the number , pick a phone line and put the thing up to your ear . This is when the dialing tone volume becomes VERY apparent . Good luck trying to speak with a human at GE . The customer service number is nothing but a useless voicemail loop .
 Transmitted voice quality is very muffled , sibilants will be almost entirely missing -LRB- s 's , z 's , sh 's , zh 's , etc. -RRB- Received sound is okay , the handset 's other features and styling are fine , but if you need to be easily understandable to your callers , do n't even think about this unit .
 We have this phone in our small business office , and it is without question the worst phone I have had the displeasure of using . I recognize that there are a number of sources of interference on the fifth floor of our office building , but the static is aweful . Even sitting less than two feet from the receiver there is static . Outgoing sound , as mentioned by other reviewers , is also poor . We are going to switch back to our -LRB- very -RRB- old phone because this unit is truly unbearable . It is mind-boggling that the folks at GE have actually put this device in the hands of real customers .
 I bought this phone and returned it within 14 days . The range of the handset is VERY limited . The handset started loosing its signal 20 feet from base ! Made any type of mobility with the handset useless unless are in the same room as the base .
 We bought two of these phones for our home office . They are terrible ! When both phones are being used at the same time , they interfere with each other . There is very poor outgoing sound quality - our customers were constantly asking us to repeat ourselves . Also , the range on these phones is very poor . Whenever I would step outside of the room with the base , a clicking noise would start . This phone may be ok if you only need one -LRB- although it does n't sound like it based on other reviews -RRB- , but I would not get this phone if you need two .
 Bought and returned this phone . The microphone was weak and people complained they could n't hear me , and the speaker was somewhat harsh . -LRB- I 'm going to buy the more expensive Siemans which I used to have . -RRB-
 The phone would be parked on the base . The phone rings , you pick it up , push line 1 and you hear a `` distressed '' beeping sound . Then quickly park the phone back on the base again , let it sync , pick it up , answer the call and it operates normally . This happened so frequently , I got in the habit or picking it up for a second and dropping it back on the base before answering a call . Either a faulty design or a bad sample but I 'm scrapping it after over a year of use . Do n't waste your money .
 This is NOT a good phone ... I was needing to replace my Panasonic 2-line cordless phone KX-TG2267 with a phone that has a longer talk time battery life . . this GE phone does n't ring consistently , has static and clicking , all while I 'm within 20ft of the base ... It 's a total WASTE of money !! ... if only panasonic could improve the battery life on the before mentioned model , it would be the perfect 2-line cordless phone ... I hope someone at Panasonic reads this and takes note !!
 It 's durable , it will last you a long time , but you 'll hate it the whole time you have it . Speaker 's too loud , caller ID takes about 4 seconds per instance to delete so if you let that list get long you 're in for some sore thumbs pressing delete a million times . The ! shaped speaker hole is so awkwardly shaped that only at a certain angle and tightness against your face can you properly hear through it , and when you can the speaker will make your ears bleed at the lowest volume . I got this phone in a store for $ 9.99 after instant rebate , plus a free digital answering machine . Still paid too much .
 I got this phone ... I have it for 20 Minutes and here 's why it 's going back : -LRB- 1 -RRB- the caller id dos n't `` catch '' ANY incoming calls ! -LRB- i have 3 other phones on that line , including one from the same co. that show every call . -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- it has a tiny LCD display , you will need glasses to read from it . -LRB- 3 -RRB- the contrast for the lcd does not work at all ! -LRB- 4 -RRB- the caller id will only work when the phone is on the receiver , which means after or before a call . So in order to read the caller id , i have to stand directly on top of the phone , reading with lights on and my grandmother 's glasses ... Oh , just wait untill i start using it , the way this goes i 'll come up with 10 more reasons .
 I have also had this phone for a half hour , and it 's going back - the display is tiny and hard to read because the contrast controls are awful . The microphone that picks up your voice in the headset is all tinny , and the ring is the most irritating high pitched ring I have ever heard !
 Actually , I own the Uniden TRU8866 MultiLine cordless phones and often the phone turning orange when the caller ID lights up is how I know someone is calling , even before the first ring . As far as this phone goes though , I returned it due to an inability to read the horrible caller ID display .
 In addition to the below mentioned issues , the phone has a large annoying Southwestern Bell logo along the side that does not come off .
 We have had this phone system for about a year & one handset the id screen has went out & The second one is about to . I too hear the clicking noise where you miss parts of conversations & have to have the person repeat what they 're saying . Not worth the money Keep shopping .
 I have had this phone for almost a year now . I 'm having all the same problems as everybody else . The display is fading - almost illegible - and the beeping noises are incredibly annoying . It also has very annoying ring tones . You have to be sure to set the ring tone on the same tone for every phone and the base or else there 's a * horrible * cacophony every time the phone rings . This phone never had good voice quality . Every time I talk to someone on it people tell me they can barely hear me , and I can hear an echo which makes communication very frustrating . Since I got this phone , I have used my cell phone SO much more than I ever did before . Yeah , this was an inexpensive phone , but you get what you pay for . This is just a cheap piece of junk , not a great deal . I would rather pay a little more money for something that will work well .
 I wish I had acted on my initial displeasure with this phone . I never felt the sound quality was great , but thought perhaps that was just part of cordless phone use . Then , after owning the phone just beyond the warranty period , the display starts flaking out . The sound became very static prone , and a beeping problem developed . This was followed by total failure of both batteries which CAN NOT BE OBTAINED ON PLANET EARTH ! STAY AWAY !!!
 I 've read the other reviews here and I just wanted to throw in my own opinion too . I have to agree with * all * of the negative reviews and I think the positive ones just have n't had the phone long enough.BOTH of the handheld display 's have gone out . There are only like 2 or 3 LCD dots left . It just kept getting worse and worse . I called to get them replaced but they wanted my original store receipt . Well , I do n't have one . Dunno where it went . So , I 'm trying to find the phone system somewhere else and just do a swap . The Mfg will get the bad phone back eventually.Echo and mystery beep . Both drive you nuts . The static and loud echo is bad . Some days it is gone and others it is really bad . No matter which one you pick up on the echo is still there . I 've tries to reset the handheld back on the home base but it does n't help . The mystic beep happens at random . I do n't think it is the same as your cheek bone hitting the button b/c I sat there and was looking at the phone when the person on the other end hears the `` blank '' no-sound beep and I can actually hear the loud beep on my end.Caller-ID recall would be a great feature if the phone did n't suck so bad . I want to get more hand sets but why should I invest more $ in this crappy system only for the displays to go out on them ? That 's the reason I got the phones ; for the caller ID and display on the handset.I 'd like to get another brand but next time.I 'm very dissapointed with this phone system . We were very excited when we got it and at a very good price at the Target store . Now I know why . It sucks.Like someone else said , 1 star is too high of a rating ! - LeeNashville , TN
 I created an account here just to add a comment on this phone ... DO NOT BUY ... the displays on ALL four of our handsets are in various stages of disappearing . I called and complained to the company which was a waste of time . The person who I talked to was rude and completely unhelpful ; she said to change the batteries ! I really regret buying this phone system . A ' 1 star ' rating is too high .
 I never thought I would care to write a review about a telephone , but this is the worst phone I can imagine . First , as described by other reviewers , when you hold the phone to your ear , your cheekbone hits the center button resulting in a beeping noise on the line . Also , the LCD display on the base unit and one handset stopped working after less than six months of use . I also agree that the buttons on the base unit are not very user friendly . Finally , why do phone manufacturers keep making home telephones smaller and smaller like cell phones ? Do they think we want to carry them in our purses ?
 I was extremely happy with this as first because we have an upstairs and a downstairs and we really enjoyed using the intercom feature . Also , we really like the caller id on both handsets . Not being able to make a call from the base is a big nuisance though . My biggest problem with this phone however which makes it unusable is that I keep hearing silences on my end - similar to what you hear when the other person gets a call waiting signal . The result is that I miss a lot of the conversation because when it happens it happens rather often . While I hear the silences the person on the other side hears a loud beep . Very annoying ! I see that another caller spoke of this in their review and said that when they contacted Customer Service they were told that other Customers have complained about this , so there is obviously a fault in the design . I would not recommend it and I am getting a new phone myself . What a waste !
 I used this phone for several years . The features are decent -- nothing to complain about , really , and I liked the speakerphone in the base unit.The major problem I had with this phone is , as others have mentioned , the display on the handsets is defective , and stops displaying anything gradually . The first time , SBC sent me a replacement GH4010 , but the display went out on those handsets eventually as well.Overall , I do n't recommend buying this phone .
 Experienced the same problems as many of the other reviewers . We had to send back the whole set after 8 months when both of the displays went dead . The replacement has lasted a little longer but both screens are now unreadable , and ofcourse , the warranty only covers the original purchase so we are having to buy a new phone now - we will not be purchasing one of these phones again , and likely staying away from Southwestern Bell .
 Like others here , in less than a year , my screen display is completely shot . Do n't bother with these handsets ... they are inexpensive for a reason .
 I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AROUND C'MAS OF 2002 . BY THE WINTER OF 2003 , THE DIGITAL DISPLAYS ON BOTH THE PHONES WAS NO LONGER LEGIBLE . AND AROUND ANOTHER MONTH LATER , NOTHING WAS SHOWING UP ON THE DISPLAY ON EITHER PHONE ! I CALLED AND COMPLAINED OF COURSE AND THE LADY I TALKED TO AT CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS VERY RUDE . SHE TOLD ME I COULD MAIL BOTH HANDSETS IN , AT MY COST , AND OF COURSE PAY FOR THEM TO FIX THE HANDSETS . AND PAY TO HAVE THEM SHIPPED BACK TO ME . I JUST TOLD HER THAT NO I WAS N'T DOING THAT AND I WOULD JUST NEVER BUY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN . BUT , PLEASE , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . I HAVE HEARD NOTHING BUT THE SAME PROBLEM , WITH THE DIGITAL DISPLAY , MESSING UP ON THESE CHEAP PHONES !
 System works as advertised , but one handset lost its LED display . No repair help on website , item discontinued , hard to find replacements .
 Fading displays , phantom beeping , these phones are the most disappointing electronics we 've ever owned . Target and Amazon should read these reviews and pull this out of inventory . I look forward to throwing this stuff out as soon as possible .
 At first I thouht this phone would be great . I would be able to have one in my bedroom as well as the livingroom . Great idea , wrong phone . I have not experienced the beeping noise like others have written about , mine was more of an echo when I would talk . Now , the caller id display has totally gone out on one of the hand sets and is starting to go out in the other . I would not recomend this phone to anyone ! I just wish I would have looked on-line first so I could have read the reviews .
 It seems like a good buy for the what you get but after a few months the LCD display starts to go and the sound will cut in and out . I had the handsets replaced once and the problem was n't fixed . The phones are just poor quality .
 Please do n't even bother wasting your money on this phone ... We have had it for just over a year , and the display is out on one phone , and has been flaking out on the base often ... We are using it with Voice over IP -LRB- Vonage -RRB- , so we figured the beeps came from there . After troubleshooting with Vonage , we find out that it was n't them , it was just our cr@ppy phone system . And let me echo everyone else here , the beeps are ANNOYING .
 This phone sucks . After less than one year , both handsets are completely unreadable . What a rip off . We pay for caller ID and ca n't even read it .
 As described in another user 's review , the audio drops out periodically , while on the other end an annoying beep is heard . It sounds as if the user is pressing one of the keypad buttons . During a conversation with a Verizon customer service representative , the phone did this numerous times . I imagine the person on the other end thought I was just being a jerk.The handsets also echo the mic so you hear yourself talking . This is annoying as well.It 's a nice looking phone , but this is clearly a low-end product . We are going to take it back and try to find something else .
 We thought it would be great to use as an intercom . Now two of the handset displays are dead . Also , the intercom is annoying because it has a very strong echo ; this happens when we are `` conferencing '' two phones as well . And , we have the beep-out problem , too ... this makes it nearly impossible to hold a conversation . I thought it was just our set , but seems like others have had this problem !
 This phone has the worst reception I have ever had . My 900MHZ has a longer range . This phone makes you sound like your in a tunnel , and it is very hard to hear other people on it.Do not waste your money . The phone definitely looks nice , but functionality is not so great .
 This phone has the worst reception I have ever had . My 900MHZ has a longer range . This phone makes you sound like your in a tunnel , and it is very hard to hear other people on it.Do not waste your money . The phone definitely looks nice , but functionality is not so great .
 I ca n't say as I would reccommend this phone to anyone . We 've had one for less than 6 months and now both phone displays are dead and unusable . Getting it fixed requires that the entire unit be returned whne there is nothing wrong with the base unit . If it 's expandable then I do n't understand why this entire system has to be returned to fix handsets . Obvioulsy it is not what it is advertised to be .
 Purchased this phone and the display on the base unit does not work . Low volume on base unit . Was easy to setup the handsets though . I liked the style and size of this system .
 If the goal is to question your purchasing ability , drive your friends and family nuts with beeping , say `` what , what , '' sprain your neck , attempt to re-adjust the location of your ear on your head and simply waste your money , this is your phone ! I suggest buying this phone as a gift for all those special people in your life .
 I purchased the phone based upon the reviews I had read here at Amazon but had a negative experience myself . There is often a false call waiting signal whereby the people on the other end of the line hear a clicking and I miss a few words of the conversation . This happens as often as once a minute . I called customer service and the phone just rang and I finally hung up . I tried a few days later , got thru , and they told me to try reprogramming the phone and to check the line itself . I tried both and the phone company repairman said he had encountered similar problems as well as echoing with this phone with other customers . I tried calling customer service again on the main number given and no answer but last time I had gotten another number to call and tried that . . and got thru . I had to send the phone back to them at my expense -LRB- even though I 've only had it for a month ... Office Max only allows returns for two weeks unless you buy an extended warranty policy , which I did not do -RRB- and it can take as long as six weeks . They said they did not recognize the problem . I am afraid I will get it back and the same thing will happen again . I am not happy .
 I had purchased this phone system like others because the price was such a good value so I thought . It was not long before the caller ID display started fading then completely went out on both handsets . Then theirs that problem with the talk buttons on both handsets sometimes they work sometimes they do n't . This phone system is a waste of your money . Please Do n't buy it .
 On both handsets . Now my caller ID is useless . Looks like I 'm not the only one with this problem .
 These phones were great for us , sound ok , but now after about 2 years , two of the three screens are out . I have not tried to put in a new battery because the phone still works , and they cost about 29.00 bucks . I am disappointed in the quality as well as so much of the electronics out there these days . The old phones still work great , but too bad they are not cordless .
 We have had this phone for about a year . After about 3 - 6 months , the display on one of the handsets started to fade . Now it 's totally gone . The display on the other handset is now 3/4 gone . We have also experienced the sporadic beeping while the phone is in use . We thought that this brand name would be one of the better ones . Boy were we wrong ! This was such a waste of money , too bad we 've had it so long . Otherwise , we 'd try and get our money back .
 I have had the same problem everyone else has had with these phones display is fading and line problems . I made the mistake of buying two more additional handsets they do not have problems yet but Im sure it is just a matter of time . My advice is keep looking do not buy this phone !
 DO N'T BUY IT , DO N'T BUY IT , DO N'T BUY IT ! The display goes out ; the sound goes out ; the phone goes out . What a mistake . I thought Target only sold quality goods . This phone should be shot and put out of its misery . I usually donate my old phones to goodwill or something like that but this phone is n't worthy of a charity donation . All the things people say about this phone are TRUE . Forewarned is fairwarned .
 I wish that I had checked online first before I went to the store and got this phone . I have n't had this phone for a year yet , and I have lost the display in both phones . Why am I paying for caller id when I ca n't even see it ? I also get the beeping that everyone else is getting . Save your money and find another phone .
 At first I thouht this phone would be great . I would be able to have one in my bedroom as well as the livingroom . Great idea , wrong phone . I have not experienced the beeping noise like others have written about , mine was more of an echo when I would talk . Now , the caller id display has totally gone out on one of the hand sets and is starting to go out in the other . I would not recomend this phone to anyone !
 The static , hiss and echo of this phone is terrible compared to the clean sound of my existing 900Mhz Panasonic phones . I am taking this back and going to try a Panasonic expandable system instead .
 The problem with the audio cutting out and the person on the other end of the telephone line hearing a loud beep is more than just annoying . Many times it happens so frequently that it is not possible to communicate . I would NOT get this phone system again even if they were giving them away .
 Nice phone but we had the `` beep-out '' problem , too . Unacceptable .
 I loved this phone when I first got it but now I am not real happy . One of my handsets is dead . I have been looking for a new battery and ca n't find anyone who sells replacement batteries for this phone . I got on your website and was really disappointed when I seen others having the same problem . And by reading have learned that it is not that easy to get a replacement battery . So , I payed $ 119.00 for a phone that only worked for about 6 months . I feel something should be done for my inconvience . I am not happy . I feel that I wasted $ 119.00 which is alot to me right now being my husband has been laid off . There should be no reason why I ca n't just go and buy a replacement battery . If it is this difficult you should not be selling this phone . The reason why I bought this phone is because I like the idea that I can just plug the handset in whatever room I was in and not have to stop what I am doing in that room to answer the phone in another room . Well , I am back to only one phone . I am very unhappy .
 My husband and I paid 70 $ for this phone and it is the worst investment we have ever had ! Even though it has several channels to change from , there is still severe crackling and you can not hear the caller very well . I am ready to throw the darn thing out the window , but because it 's my only phone , I have to live with it until we get a new one . The first month with it was ok then it started in with the static and crackling . I would never recommend this phone !
 This is the worst cordless/speaker phone that I have ever owned . It was tough getting the handset to sit just right in the cradle so that the handset would charge . Battery life was the pits . Bought another battery thinking that would make a difference . It did n't and was just a further waste of cash . The unit is now just a paperweight on my desk . If you just need a speaker phone , it will work fine but I bet you could find something better for less .
 I bought this phone about 17 months ago for my work-at-home office . . I wish I could plug my headset into the base unit as I sometimes forget to put handset back on re-charger cradle . . and I am then forced to use speaker on conf calls.The phone worked well for the first 15 months and only lately ... -LRB- Now that the warranty is up -RRB- has it been randomly dieing durng a call.The base unit simply loses power and I must pull out and then re-connect the power at the back of the phone to restore operation ... By then I 've lost other party . . I will not buy a GE phone again ...
 I have purchased a lot of high end electronics , phones , etc. . This may be the worst purchase ever . After about 6 months . . the LCD screen went bad , sound on the other end muted , and reception horrible . I literally after 6 months threw the phone away and replaced with Vtech and Motorola . Save your money and go with one of the other brands .
 I bought this phone the other day as a replacement to a $ 9 corded phone that died . When I hooked it up , the speaker phone and handset got dialtone no problem . I then called the phone from my cell phone and it did n't ring . All the other phones in the house rang , but this one did n't . I then moved it to another jack , same thing . I then called again and it rang . I called again , no ring . I called about 20 times and about 1/3 of the time it rang , 1/3 of the time it rang only once , and 1/3 of the time it did n't ring at all . I brought the phone back to the place I bought it to get a new one and had the exact same problems . After messing with this phone for about 3 hours , I finally bought a $ 19 900Mhz phone at the local * Mart that works fine .
 This phone looks beautiful but it is not worth your money . It has a lot of static and at times will not work at all . Do not buy this product or one that resembles it . I have never been more disappointed with a phone .
 I have used many cordless phones and concur with Jason 100 % . This is a phone to stay away from.I still have this POS and am tossing it and moving on to a higher end Panasonic .
 - This phone gets worse reception that my previous phone , which was a first-generation , pre-900mhz cordless.-It has a lot of static even though it has way more channels.-The sound from the speaker and mic are distorted and fuzzy.-It is too quite , you have to crank the volume all the way up just to hear the other person . You have to use it in a room without anyone else , or the TV.-The battery dies constantly , and when it does , the phone emits this obnoxiously loud beeping while it is charging . Even though it is on the cradle charging ! This is insane - first of all , I do n't need that much of an alert that my phone is dying , and second of all , it should stop once it is charging.-The phone has a poor design - it does not fit securely in the cradle , so you never really know if it is on there good so it can charge.Overall , this phone is a poorly designed piece of junk that I wish we had never bought . If you are looking for a low priced basic phone , this is not it.Best wishes , Jason
 Worst audio , when you can hear it of course . Coz most of the time u only get a humming sounds before it dies out on you . We use it as an answering machine only nowadays .
 I bought this phone because we owned an old SW Bell Cordless Answering machine and liked it a lot . No More . The hardware is a continuous aggrevation -LRB- loses power , noisy , bad volume control -RRB- and customer service blames me for all problems . It has gone into the trash - and I have gone to panasonic .
 We bought this phone because we needed a phone and answering machine quick . I should have shopped a little more . The display is EXTREMELY difficult to read . It works the opposite of my old phone causing me to hang up on people when I do n't intend to , and answer calls I intend the machine to take . I 'd like to return it to the Target store where I purchased it . The reception is poor and it has no volume control on the headset .
 I revert to my walgreens $ 5 phone for important calls because the sound quality is better . Make sure you realize the phone is NOT call-waiting ID ready . Or better yet . . spend more onb something decent .
 My wife and I bought this setup in hopes of having more phones located throughout the house . That part worked out well . After approx . 3 months the caller id screens , which also displays the menu , quit displaying anything . Phones still work , you just ca n't see the number you are dialing , no big deal had to do this for so many years before . The volume must be constantly adjusted , it appears they have a feature built in to go to midrange volume everytime you answer the phone , not a bad idea , but as someone with a slight hearing problem it is quite annoying to have to increase the volume everytime I talk to someone . I tend to use my cell phone for local calls instead of the home phone now .
 We purchased 2 sets of these and the caller ID screens have gone out on 3 out of 4 units after 6 months . The sound quality on 1 is distant and faded , and on another it has a severe echo . Disappointed with the life and quality of the product for the money spent .
 We bought this phone to go with our VoIP system . Like the other reviews , there is a beep on the other end and severe echo . I ca n't even stand calling home to talk to the family because I hear myself over and over . echo echo echo . If I wanted echo , I would go to echo canyon .
 Almost since the beginning this phone would beep ocassionally during a call , to the person I was calling , and just sort of go quiet on my end . I called Southwestern Bell and they were not helpful , except to say to send it in . Which I refused to do . From other reviews , it seems this is a defect of the phone . The screen also went blank after a year or so , like other reviewers have mentioned . I just got phone service that includes Caller ID and ca n't even see the number . I am now shopping for a new phone .
 I 've had this phone system for just over 1 year -LRB- just out of warranty , naturally -RRB- . It worked pretty well , with good sound and range . The answering machine was above average and had good features . Handset only holds 30 phone numbers in memory - which is very limiting for me . Now , for the really bad news -- A few weeks ago , I noticed the LCD screen characters on one of the handsets was starting to disappear . A few days later the other handset started doing the same . Now , just a few weeks later , both LCD screens are totally illegible . I have not dropped or misused these phones , so what 's up SWBell ? I wo n't be buying another Bell phone after this experience .
 This phone is terrific , except for the HORRIBLE SCREECHING NOISE that occurs every few times I use it . It 's truly awful , ear-piercing screeching . And when another call is coming in when I 'm already on the phone , my conversation is interrupted for several seconds where I just ca n't hear the other person anymore . This phone is the absolute pits .
 Please do n't buy this phone unless you have nothing else to do but waste money . I got the phone at a really great price so I ca n't be too mad . The phone has terrible reception , and the battery dies too fast . I took the phone back after 2 days of using it . This was the worst phone that I have ever used !
 The only thing good I can say about this phone is the color . Nothing but static . There is a high pitched noise every few minutes while your on the phone , for no reason . Even on high for the volume control - you can barely hear a person and the buttons are so sensitve that you easily hang up on people if your check hits one of them !
 The reception is horrible , the range is not even close to the manufacturer 's claims , and it cuts in and out constantly . We have three other cordless phones in our home and we do n't have the same problems . This phone is definitely a dud ! Do n't buy it or you 'll be online shopping for another -LRB- just like I am today !! -RRB- BUYER BEWARE !
 I purchased this phone with the desire to get a reasonably priced cordless phone , with caller ID and without an answering machine . Not too many phones fit this catagory . I figured the 900 MHz was the way to go . After using this phone for two weeks I went back to the 15 year old corded desk phone and gave this thing to Goodwill . The reception was so bad , I could not hear half of what the other person was saying . Plus there was an echo whenever I spoke . Very annoying . Needless to say , it was a complete waste of my money .
 I purchased this phone to replace an older ATT cordless phone and was disappointed with almost very aspect . The design is neither attractive nor comfortable in the hand , set up is quirky , documentation is unclear , and day-to-day performance is disappointing . Although fairly comfortable with all sorts of electronic devices , I had to call the help line to complete set up , which required a series of steps not described in the documentation.Overall , a disappointment .
 I do not like this phone . The option selections are not very intuitive . The volume on the headset seems to go down every time you hang up the phone . The next time you answer you have to turn it back up to hear the caller .
 I bought this model three months ago and the handset stopped working last week . It drained the battery that was in it and a replacement that I put in . AT & T 's so-called `` customer service '' number was totally automated and useless . This is a piece of junk !
 I thought I had discovered the perfect combination of triangular pencil without the too-large size of the Tri-Conderoga , but then the Tri-Write proved to be very difficult to sharpen in my mechanical pencil sharpener . The pencil leads kept breaking despite my taking every care . I 'm going to stick with the basic black hexagonal model and maybe try the Mirado Black Warrior .
 I had n't read the reviews carefully and I was disappointed when they arrived . They are standard size number 2 pencils that have been reduced in size to make them triangle shape . Too small for my grandchildren to hold as their fine motor skills are not advanced enough yet .
 I ordered a skimmer/transducer 106-48 . I was shipped a 106-51 which looks the same but it does not have the temmperature sensor . I installed the unit , took it out on the water only to find that the temperature did n't work . I contacted the supplier and they said the best they could do was refund $ 10 of my purchase price because it had already been installed . I guess this is fair , but I do not believe it was my error and they should allow the return so that I can get what I ordered , even though it has been installed . Other than that , it works OK
 Squealing feedback when you pick up to dial . Two part base , but the bottom is loose on the phone and loose on the standard wall plate .
 Beautiful looking pen , good writing utensil . Unfortunately the clip fatigues easily . I had one pen for two weeks before the clip broke off . The second pen -- a month .
 This fax machine was a dream compared to our ten-year old machine we had been using in my office . That is until it just stopped working and we sent it to a Sharp Service center for repair . I was told that the cluth on the paper feed was broken -LRB- through no fault of our own -RRB- and that the repairs would cost 130.00 . Fifty dollars more than we paid for it . We had this for 8 months and the warranty runs out after 90 days . How convenient .
 The automatic feed stops working after about 3 months . How do you feel about re-dialing for each page you send ?
 Generally , this fax machine is poor . Also , it is an `` ink hog '' . I 've finally decided to stop using this machine , as it is always out of ink . I get lots of junk faxes , which deplete ink for no reason . Carts can be refilled , but quality is poor . For the price of the machine , you can get a USRobotics USB fax modem , The software with this package -LRB- BVR -RRB- works great . You can preview your faxes , and decide not to print . Thats what I 'm using now !
 Did not work out of box , help line could not get it to work . Had to drive almost an hour to get it serviced and lucky enough to have the teck work on it right then . Half an hour later it was working -LSB- a gear was out of place and paper would not feed -RSB- .
 The finish is slippery in the hand , and the clip broke off in short order . I am happier with a $ 10 Parker pen from Staples .
 I 've had two of these Uniden two-line phones , and regret the day I bought them both . The Uniden line seems always to offer the same features as other more-name brands -LRB- Sony , Panasonic -RRB- , for about 25 % less . Yet , they also always seem truly inferior . After putting up with one of these two-line phones for 8 months -LRB- do n't even think about getting service !! -RRB- , I went out and bought a Panasonic two-line cordless this week . Using the phones side-by-side every caller could hear a major improvement when I switched to the Panasonic -LRB- which is much lighter and sounds much better to me as well -RRB- . So , in summary , when looking at a Uniden cordless phone , I recommend you do n't try to save money and buy a Sony or Panasonic the first time .
 Could n't get caller ID to work . Had several other people go over the instruction manual and nobody could make it work . -LRB- yes , I already pay for the caller ID service . -RRB- Tried to call Uniden for customer service -- `` At Uniden , we 'll take care of you ! '' is their motto . HA ! I got a busy signal for days , and on the 3rd day , was put on hold for 10 minutes while recordings told me I was number 5 in the queue , number 4 , number 3 , until number 2 at which point they told me they were too busy and I should try again later . FORGET IT . DO N'T BUY this phone ; do n't put yourself through the frustration .
 I was very impressed with the sound quality and lack of interference , but the constant trouble with just turning the phone on caused me not only to have it replaced once but canned in the long run . The performance was fine through 2-3 weeks but after that both phones I recieved would not turn on when you hit the `` TALK '' button the first time . It usually took about three times before it would actually work . Needless to say this was very annoying . This is my second bad experience with a Uniden phone . Take my advice , pass this one up !
 This is the worst phone I have ever used . It looks nice , but the first five people I called asked me if I was on my cell phone . My boss called and jokingly said he would give me more money to get a better phone so he would n't have to talk to me on this one . I 'm sending it right back .
 The manual is confusing and GARBAGE ! -LRB- 1 -RRB- Ca n't match the manual description and Sync software and what you see on PV-200 and Serial cable adaptor . For example , the manual does not describe sync procedure clearly . On the PV-200 no option for Sync . On software there is option for Sync between casio and pc . -LRB- 2 -RRB- No clear -LRB- matching -RRB- procedure described to send , receive , sync data between PV-200 and PC . The procedure does not clearly tell which button to press from where PV-200 screen or serial port or pc ? -LRB- 3 -RRB- The adrress book is not compatible to excel or oher standard software for address . Or the procedure is not described . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Sometimes the Data-Sync works and sometimes does not . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Illuminator auto shut-off time cant be selected , it is fixed . -LRB- 6 -RRB- No direct icon for calculator . To use calculator three steps of key operations are required ! -LRB- 7 -RRB- Manual does not reflect what is seen on PV-200 screen -LRB- 8 -RRB- Search operation is case sensitive . If you are looking for stored data under name Kevin , and if you search for kevin , you get `` item not found '' mesage .
 I ordered three of these cabinets for my granddaughters to keep their hair bows and jewelery organized . There is no back on it , and the contents continually spill out .
 i liked the product but it was broke in the back when i got it because it wasnt packaged very secruely in the box a chunk of the corner was taken out
 The unit is so flimsy that it wont stay upright on level ground . Had to prop it up against a wall .
 If you have ever been to the hardware section of a discount retailer or big box home improvement store and seen these type of storage cabinets with all the nice , thick clear plastic drawers that fit really well in their slots and thought , I could think of like a hundred things to put in that ... well , this product is not like those at all . It is inexpensive , I guess , but the quality is a lot lower than I expected . The picture shows these nice , clear , rigid plastic drawers and what you get is a slightly opaque or foggy , plyable , thin plastic that is very similar to a disposable plastic storage container marketed for food . And I think that comparison probably pays this product a compliment . The drawers do not stay put and they do not catch at the back very often . They look funky and inexpensive . They would be much more useful if they were completely clear as then you could see what is in them ... well ... clearly . They will not hold anything that has substantial weight . I would NOT recommend them for any type of hardware storage . Honestly , I would not recommend them at all . If you are really set on getting yourself one of these , you will soon be able to find mine at the nearest second hand store . I would pay about $ 4 for it there , $ 5 tops . You win some and you Stack-On some . Darn It .
 I ordered this in sept. 2012 the plastic drawers are NOT clear is in the pictures but cloudy semi transparent . the bottoms of the drawers are warped out making them hard to slide in and out . also if you dont mount the unit on a wall it tips over very easily and all the drawers slide out . I bought 2 of these I will keep them because it would be to much of a hassle to return them .
 The drawers are cheap soft opaque plastic , as opposed to what is shown in the picture , which shows hard clear plastic . I find these cheap opaque drawers flimsy and much hard to view contents and I suspect the sides could warp over time as well . The drawer stops are also weak and there is a lot of wiggle in the drawers when opened.I bought the 39 drawer and the 60 drawer cabinet by stack-on , and while in concept these are perfect sizes for my needs , I 've returned them in search for better quality drawers -LRB- as well as a more durable body . -RRB- ****** Update 2012
 After five minutes of use , while wading in the pool , the phone failed due to an apparent leak . Ironically , the directions tell you what to do if water leaks into the unit . Would not recommend permitting the phone to be submersed .
 Since this product is submersible to 3 feet , I bought it to use while swimming laps . The plan was to use a tag line and have it float with me . However , the ringer is n't strong enough to be heard when the phone is floating .
 We accidently left it outside overnight , and it rained . Has never worked since ! I took it apart and dried it out . Left it off the charger until it was decharged . Put it back on the charger and it charged , but still wo n't work . Not so `` water proof '' for us .
 When you are talking on this phone , the person to whom you are talking sounds like they are in a tunnel . It works the same on the other end . i.e. , on a speaker phone . Also the phone is very unattractive . I have n't had it long enough to rate the battery life .
 Within the last month I purchased a new cordless phone , model WX1477 . It has never gotten wet . It has never even been close to being wet . I find the length of the battery life to be extremely poor -LRB- less than 3 days -RRB- . My previous cordless , a Panasonic , could go for two -LRB- 2 -RRB- weeks without having to worry about returning it to its charging cradle . All the other features of this phone are great . It looks gorgeous . The speakerphone is louder than my Panasonic was . But keeping this Uniden in the charge cradle is a real drag . A less-than-average cordless .
 We got this phone ... a few months back , and I 've regretted it ever since ! It looks nice , is comfortable to the ear , and the clip is definately conventient , but this phone is really a piece of junk ! The sound is bad . We have the base in our kitchen and when we have the dishwasher on , or the dogs walk through the dog door , you can actually hear it over the phone , like somehow the speaker is on on the base , when it 's not . There 's a lot of interference and echo , the person you 're talking to sounds like he 's / she 's miles away . It was n't bad at first , but it 's gotten worse over the weeks . The worst thing is the muting . It 'll mute out multiple times in a conversation . You know how most phones have a `` Mute '' button on them ? Well , I have yet to find one on this one , but that does n't keep it from doing it . I 'll be in the middle of a converstaion with someone when , all of a sudden , it 'll just mute me out . To the person on the other line , it sounds like you hung up . You can hear everything the other person is saying , but they ca n't hear you . It 's a nightmare , especially if it happens after you 've been holding for 20 minutes and finally get through to the person you want to speak with , only to have it mute out and the other party , thinking you hung up , hangs up on you ! There 's no rhyme or reason to it ; sometimes you can get through a whole conversation without it happening -LRB- though that 's rare -RRB- , and sometimes it 'll happen 3 or 4 times in 20 minutes . A mute out usually only lasts 4-7 seconds , but it can go on longer . I thought at first this was a defect in my phone only , but my uncle , who bought the same one at around the same time , has the same exact problems!Save your money and your frusteration . If you need another phone , do yourself a favor and do n't go with this one !
 The Phone sounds good . The looks are a bit industrial . The size of the base is very large . Some of the operations are a bit mystical . If someone else answers the phone and you want to get on the same line and talk too or if your answering machine gets the call first , you need to push the line of the call once , wait for 2 seconds and then push the line again . If you have guests you need to train them on how to use the phone.Worst of all is the customer service department . If you call the 800 line it may take as much as 6-8 hours to get through . When I called and asked for a supervisor , I was put into voice mail . When I asked to speak to someone in sales or at least management , the receptionist gave me the message that customers can only talk to customer service and should n't bother anyone else . At this point I never wanted to buy another Uniden product .
 I bought a Uniden cordless phone with Caller ID and built in answering machine features for my family for Christmas . Less than 3 months later , the handset died completely . Since it was still under warranty , I contacted Uniden -LRB- never speaking to an actual person , but a audio response unit -RRB- . I was required to send my phone to their repair center at my own expense for the repair . The receipt of the phone at the repair center was acknowledged by a card indicating that it would be six weeks before I got my phone back . I used a corded phone with no caller ID and no answering machine while it was gone.About six weeks later , it did get back to me . The handset worked again , but it was now impossible to set the time on the answering machine . This was a major annoyance , but since I did n't want to be without my phone and answering machine AGAIN for six weeks , I decided to live with the inconvenience.One year after Christmas , to the day ! , the handset on the phone went dead again . I could n't , however , find a forum to express my frustration to Uniden at first . The instructions included no phone numbers where I could talk to a customer service representative . I finally happened on Uniden 's website , where I e-mailed customer service with a summary of my problems , in hopes that a major company like that cared enough about the customer to do the right thing . No such luck . They responded that my phone was not under warranty anymore , and that if I had problems with my phone after it was repaired that I should have sent it back -LRB- at my own expense for another six weeks , apparently -RRB- . My explanation of why I had n't sent the phone back was ignored.They told me that I could , now that my phone was dead again , mail it to them again and they would get back to me about what they would charge to fix this reccuring problem . I gave up in frustration and put the phone away in the closet.I will never again buy ANYTHING manufactured by Uniden . Not only was the quality of their product substandard , but the quality of their customer service was abysmal .
 I used to be a fan of Uniden , having purchased several of their 900 Mhz models in the last few years . Unfortunately , I feel compelled to report that a high percentage of them -LRB- about a third , in my experience -RRB- have failed -LRB- `` died '' -RRB- within a two year period . Replacing the battery only works temporarily , as the problem appears to be related to the charging mechanism . They must continue to use similar internal components , because the problem persists in current models . Although I like the functionality of the Uniden phones , I can neither recommend them to others nor continue to purchase them for myself because of their high failure rate .
 I was looking forward to using this phone , as it has all of the features I was looking for bundled together into one appliance . However , I 've been extremely disappointed with it 's performance . The audio quality of my outgoing message is terrible -LRB- and I 've tried dozens of recordings , in different rooms in my house , to try to get it to sound better -RRB- . Also , the user interface for playing , listening , and especially deleting messages is annoying ; going through old caller ID results takes forever due to the built-in delays of the interface . Very disappointing overall ...
 The phone was great till it suddenly died after a month .
 Good
 Good reception , nice features , but poor digital recording playback quality . Microphone finally gave out after 1.5 yrs and decided not to buy another Uniden with this technology .
 very short last of the battery . the device turns off by itself at once without cause .
 Please do not buy this phone if you are looking for something as easy to operate as the Skype app in your laptop.THIS IS A SIMPLE TECHNOLOGY - WHY CAN THEY NOT MAKE IT WORK?It constantly loses the network and you have to re-configure every time that you wish to make a call . -LRB- very time consuming -RRB- Once you log into the network and Skype signs on , there is an annoying 3 minute wait while a message says that `` outgoing calls are not possible until the phone has finished downloading contacts '' ?? I only have about 10 contacts and I am still unable to make calls for 3 minutes after signing on to the network.If you leave the phone powered on , the display lights up on and off until the battery is dead in about 5 hours . You can not disable this.You can not sign on to public WiFi.I have been on tech support 3 times , updated all the firmware , been told that the unit is functioning perfectly and have now had this phone for over a year.The battery is unavailable for replacement , so after a year you have no option than to have it connected to the charger at all times.best advice - USE YOUR LAPTOP OR THE SKYPE APP ON YOUR SMART PHONE.by the way - I am an IT technician.PS
 The battery of my phone died after 3 months of use . Technical service is most unhelpful .
 Like other reviewers I found this to be a nice first attempt but it does still have too many things that need upgrading , fixing , or just plain higher quality for the price of this device.I had high hopes for simply using this to call relatives around the world , but testing it out calling my boyfriend locally proved that the sound quality was horrible . It crackles like a bad reception cell phone and words are often lost or unintellegable . Why buy a phone that no one can hear you properly on?It is a valiant first attempt but I do n't recommend buying this phone . At all!The only reason this gets 2 stars instead of what I feel is a better deserved 1 , is that this phone actually does most of what it promises . It DOES work , it just does n't work clearly.And this also is n't for someone who is n't somewhat tech savvy ; as this only connects to open networks . Most people have firewalled networks which require you to find your access key which is usually generated randomly by your router company . The idea is nice , but there really are n't a lot of open networks in the States yet.I 'd hold off on buying this type of product until the reviews are n't so low or mixed . Go for a Skype cordless phone that is n't Wifi and you might have much better quality .
 pros :1 -RRB- it does work for calling -- skype-skype , skype-in , and skype-out -- with good sound quality2 -RRB- has a -LRB- just ok -RRB- speakerphone3 -RRB- reasonably portable -- slightly bigger than most `` candybar '' cell phones4 -RRB- contacts get imported automatically , and they 're easy to navigatecons :1 -RRB- battery does n't last a full day on standby2 -RRB- the screen sometimes stays on until you turn the phone off -LRB- does n't help con # 1 -RRB- 3 -RRB- even when con # 2 does n't happen , the device can get really hot against the ear4 -RRB- does n't work with the 2 standard earpieces i 've tried5 -RRB- does n't offer conference call abilities6 -RRB- does n't offer any texting abilities , even skype 's IMs , never mind SMS7 -RRB- battery goes dead really fast when you wander off-network or to patchy public networkscertainly not a cell phone replacement , and not supposed to be.not bad if you want something , say , for use at home and work.if it 's just for home use , probably better off with something else , or with vonage .
 After updating of firmware still Proxy function is not active and sometimes switch off suddenly , so after a lot of phone calls and email , still no answered . Without Proxy my 4 units is not useable anymore in our area .
 Just received mine after long backorder . One major item prevents it being really useful - with no builtin browser there is no way to authenticate and use free or fee-based public WiFi networks except in limited ways - e.g. my home.No metro based WiFi networks , no coffee shops . . few hotels . So near yet so far.Sound quality is actually superior to my PC for Skype . Size is good . Recharges off USB cable to my laptop so extra power brick not needed . Power management needs work .
 I had this on pre-order for many weeks . Just as it shipped , I saw many negative reviews in here . I decided to take delivery anyway and see for myself.I have come to regret this decision . The unit is really as bad as previous reviewers have indicated.Battery life is poor . They advertise 3 hours talktime . I charged the unit fully , left all brightness and timeout settings on default and connected to a WiFi access point that has a signal strength to the SPH101 of between 90 % and 100 % , so conditions are set reasonably well towards achieving the indicated talk-time . I only got 48 minutes out of it!In - built speaker which is used to play the ringtones and also in speakerphone mode is extremly low quality . It screeches when the ringtone is played back at any volume level above the lowest setting.If you set up a preferred access point and this access point does not broadcast it 's SSID , the phone will not try to connect to it . You have to manually select the access point from your preferred AP list in the phone and tell the phone to connect . So if your access point does n't broadcast it 's SSID for whatever reason , do not expect the SPH101 to connect to it seamlessly.Another annoyance is that it does n't do WPA with AES . TKIP is the only accepted encryption methond . It does n't do WPA2 at all.A cool feature I discovered is that the phone seems to have a facility to automatically look for firmware updates and download them . No need to fiddle with cables , FTP , TFTP or web interfaces to get new firmware installed.I will not send the phone back , because there seems to be no alternative right now and I am hoping that new firmware will come out to address the WiFi and battery-life issues . That would only leave the issue of the speaker quality . Why they put such a cheap and scratchy speaker module in there is beyond me .
 After waiting almost 6 months for this Skypephone , and its competitor from Belkin , to come to market through numerous postponements , I just gave up and bought an Asus P525 smartphone . For just over double the price of the Netgear I got a Windows CE PDA with GSM capability and full Skype compatibility . When browsing through your phone contacts your are given the choice to call through GSM or Skype . Because you have built-in Wi-Fi , you can make Skype calls and chats from any covered area , plus you can go on the internet using IE and check your e-mails with Outlook . I have also read that the Skype software that runs on dedicated phones like the Netgear and the Belkin is very crude due to the lack of processing power , whereas with a Windows CE-based device you have much faster processors that allow a Skype software closer to the one used on PCs.For those of you alergic to Windows , just wait for the Skype for Symbian release and buy a Nokia or SonyEricsson smartphone.Bottom line
 I am supremely dissapointed in this product . The battery life estimate was changed from 50 hours down to 20 hours between when I ordered it and when it finally shipped . I ca n't even get near that . I had intended to take the phone with me on the road , but it wo n't last an eight hour day unless I do n't use it at all , and even then ten hours is as much as I can get out of it . I can get barely an hour of talk time , then it 's dead . I feel like I have a phone that has to be constantly plugged in , and if that 's the case I could tether a usb phone to my laptop for $ hundreds less than I spent on this . If I had the opportunity , I would return it.Don ' t buy this . Wait for a better attempt from some other company ...
 I completely agree with W. Yeh 's assessment of this unit but would like to add a few `` nits '' to the mix.Voice Quality
 I purchased 2 units of this products and return both units back to Netgear.First of all , netgear should carefully do a QC on this product before release in the market .1 . This phone gets extremely hot after talking for more than 10 mins onwards .2 . The battery life only last for 1 hour if you continue talking on the phone.I think may be the WI-FI chipset in this phone is giving the problem . It consumes all the batt life and the heat it generates.Wrote a complain email to Netgear . They still have no solutions to this issue.Not recommend to get this phone unless the problems listed is not your concern .
 I had really looked forward to this device , but its numerous flaws substantially outweigh its real potential.The device itself is flawed in a couple of important ways . The battery is very poor and there is no opportunity to replace the battery -LRB- for instance , to have a second on hand when a first battery runs out of energy -RRB- . It 's hard to imagine a serious phone today without a speakerphone capability , but you can imagine the designing engineers worrying that it would limit the battery life even further.It 's worth noting that you can simply turn the phone on and use it . When you turn the phone on and register on the Skype network you must wait until the contact list is downloaded to the phone . That takes , in my experience , about 90 seconds.I 've also had the experience of some of the other reviewers where the phone will simply lock up , freeze and deplete a fully charged battery in a matter of seconds.It is simply not a device you could count on . You could n't use this device as a dependable solution for Skype access over WiFi.Finally , I find myself agreeing with those people who have had significant problems with Netgear 's support . Their support ticketing system is hard-to-use , takes too much time and wastes the time of the frustrated owner.I wonder
 i wasted my money on this phone . paid $ 120.00 including shipping . it takes forever to connect with my wirless lan . then i have to charge this every 6 hrs . otherwise you do n't even know that it died while waitinf for a phone call . bad phone
 I was really keen on buying this Skype phone . . I have client in Wales & I am in the USA . We use SKYPE all the time PC to PC . From what I have read its not worth the effort on this first rendition of this phone . . If it ca n't login @ Starbucks then why bother ?? Look everyone will need a web browser to be able to login to most networks , the device does not support a web browser for login , so really what is the benefit ?? I ca n't see it . . The second generation / firmware / software update is badly needed to make this a workable proposition . . I noticed today that their stock was tanking . Maybe because the shareholders found out that this phone is not all its cracked up to be ??
 I had to return it just because everytime I talked it got disconnected and I had to turn it off and then on again to be able to call again .
 The call quality is so poor with this device , it is effectively useless . Do not buy it !
 Am returning phone tomorrow . After 2 and a half hours on the phone with Netgear Customer Support -LRB- `` level 2 technicians -RRB- , I could not get the phone to recognize my Belkin Pre-n router at home -LRB- even after disabling security , changing channels , disabling pre-n mode -RRB- . I went to Starbucks to try connecting there . Managed to get a signal but phone would not permit me to sign in to Skype - received same error msg about unrecognized numerical character in my Skype sign in name -LRB- there are no numerical characters in my sign-in name -RRB- . Ca n't comment on call quality as I have not been able to sign in . How disappointing.Maybe Belkin will get it right with their Nov 06 release .
 It does n't work at Starbucks or any coffee shops , it only works with your home , your friend 's home , your work -LRB- if it has WiFi -RRB- & some hotels . Save your money & buy a $ 10 headset for your laptop .
 At first glance , I though `` Wow ! What a cool looking phone . It would match my iMac '' . When I got it , it did indeed match the iMac - physically only . This product is full of bugs , random reboots , echoing in the mic , no warning when the battery is running dry , not to mention the 1.5 hours of talk time . I would only recommend this to someone who likes to spend a lot of money on useless items .
 This phone is doing what it should . You can use skype without a computer . However , technical support is awful . I tried to reach them in an attempt to get the phone loudspeaker changed - no response in the end.The battery life is also to short and not beeing able to use it for messaging is a lack in the software.I would not buy it again .
 This phone does not work worth a dang ! Skype to Skype calls sound like CRAP and you ca n't make Skype out calls on it ! Amazon.com also gave me TONS of grief when trying to order it . I 'm STILL in the process of trying to get a refund . I would HIGHLY recommend the Linksys phone though ... no problems with it .
 This phone is a total piece of garbage . Freezing , rebooting , not beingable to connect to hot spots , not logging you out of skype if you arelogged on at your computer at the same time . Horrible tech support . CanI add any more negative feedback ? Oh yeah the rediculous ring tones andspeaker quality . Thanks for nothing netgear and for making me wait 6months on pre order for a real piece of plastic junk !
 The phone and the Skype application in itself is fantastic . It is what I have been waiting for a long time now.But the battery life is pathetic . The phone goes flat after having a half hour phone call . Even standby time is quite bad . The most I 've seen it last on standby without making call is just under 24 hrs.Another problem which I noticed was a case of excess heat being dissipated during a call . Heat comes over from the phone around the ear piece area . It can get quite hot sometimes that it makes it difficult keep the phone against your ear.I 'm quite disappointed with the product after shelling out nearly US$ 250 for it .
 Strengths
 I 'm sorry I ever purchased this product - it 's completely useless to me . The problems mostly stem from the wi-fi radio :1 . The signal quality is poor - my laptop has twice the range -LRB- without an external antenna -RRB- that this thing does .2 . The battery life is terrible - it runs out of battery in less than an hour .3 . WPA is poorly implemented - you ca n't even enter a 64-bit key using hex -LRB- although if you have control of the access point and can switch it to 128-bit , then you 're in luck -RRB- .4 . The phone depends on the RAM to remember your username and password , so if it runs out of battery because it sucks down so much power , you 're stuck logging in again.Even when I got all of these variables resolved , the phone could n't make calls -LRB- from right next to the access point -RRB- without dropping packets left and right . My laptop , using the same wireless connection 2 rooms away makes beautiful calls.Bottom line - I abandoned this unit and bought a bluetooth headset for my laptop -LRB- which does n't get me the same amount of portability , but works a WHOLE lot better ! -RRB-
 This is the worst product with the worst customer service . I had to call Netgear three times , on the phone with them for over 2 hours to explain them the product that I received is a defective one . After convincing them that the item is defective , I was given three choices
 Talk time less than 25 minutes and stand by time less than 1 hour.its so frustrating and annoying to use such a great product with such a stupid battery life .
 Others have probably said it before . . I bought this phone to try to live with a combo of cell phone and no landline at home , but could n't persuade my wife - and she 's right , the phone is just not good . It shuts off randomly , logs out randomly , the screen goes blank randomly , other times the screen stays lit for too long . The sound quality also leaves a lot to be desired - that said , I ca n't say whether our wireless setup was optimized . We returned the phone , and are standing in front of the computer for skype-calls for the time being -LRB- still no landline - we just like the reduction in our phone bill too much ! -RRB- ... I 'm interested in the Linksys CIT400 , which I hope has better sound quality -LRB- and overall quality -RRB- . Plus , getting a Windows-based smartphone with wifi seems to be a more clever thing to buy anyway - they do n't cost -LRB- much -RRB- more , either !
 This phone has many anoyances , and is a rough first gen phone . My main complaint is that it frequently reboots for no apparent reason.The battery life is really quite bad . Somehow I assumed it would be able to go for at least 24 on standby , unfortunately , it seems to be somewhere between 2-6 hours . I have n't had a conversation longer than 10 minutes , so I do n't know how long the talk time lasts.It takes a while to boot up , connect , and sign in . Even after that , you ca n't dial until all your contacts have downloaded.Even though the firmware updates are set to automatic , I 'd like to know when they are going to update the phone.Other things which are dumb is that the date does n't set itself . The MAC address is not visible in Information menu.I 'm not worried so much about having a web browser , as I mostly plan to use it at home to make international calls . Text messaging is n't a big deal with me either . I 'd rather they fix the existing features before trying to add new ones.One other complaint is if you have a picture set with your Skype profile , the phone wo n't send it to your contacts .
 Somehow my previous review got deleted.As other reviewers have noted , this phone has woefully inadequate battery life and lacks a web browser , so it ca n't authenticate to many public WiFi networks that require browser-based authentication.Sound quality is mediocre and there are only a few ringtones -LRB- all obnoxious -RRB- . The font loaded in the phone is a mainland Chinese -LRB- GB -RRB- font and not a full Unicode font ; their GUI vendor is a company in Beijing . This is important when you have contacts in foreign countries whose names use non-alphabetic characters . Names in English and Chinese are fine . Names in Japanese have the Chinese variant substituted . Names in Cyrillic -LRB- Russian , Ukrainian , Bulgarian -RRB- are displayed in double-width . Names in Korean are not displayed at all.The font problem may not be an issue for some people , but is rather important for other people . The SPH101 is better than the Linksys CIT200 -LRB- which barely supports any foreign names at all -RRB- , but it should still do better.The single worst problem is failure in hiss suppression in calls to some locations . It it quite reproducable in calls to Alaska , Canada , and Korea , and occurs whenever the other party is not speaking . This problem does NOT occur with Skype on the PC or Mac.Hiss suppression is a basic part of telephony . Hiss is normal on some lines , and the equipment has to recognize it and mute it , much like the way the squelch works on a two-way radio . As noted above , it works with Skype on the PC and Mac -LRB- you can just barely hear the hiss in calls to the affected areas -RRB- but on the SPH101 it is so LOUD that it hurts your ears . It 's also very distracting to talk over a loud hiss.If you call areas that are affected by the hiss suppression problem , you will find the SPH101 to be unusable.When you contact Netgear technical support , you get directed to an outsource center in India where they do n't have a clue as to what you are talking about . It takes two weeks or longer for a problem to escalate to someone who actually knows something .
 The Skype revolution is booming but the product made to facilitate its use are in the most part CRAP electronics , I bought this so called skype phone and after 6 month of use it just stopped working properly so I had it replaced and it was under the warranty time period . When I got the replacement it was working great , little did I know 6 month later the same defect started on the replacement . I called Netgear HQ and I got the standoffish reply that my phone was out of warranty and that Netgear would not replace the deffective skype phone . Even suggesting that I buy another one.NETGEAR YOU SUCK . They put those phone in third world countries -LRB- Taiwan -RRB- at cheap labor and charge you big bucks for a product they know to be defective within a 6 month period . I sure hope someone out there will sue this corporation to the ground .
 Often reboots automatically.Logs off and back-on on its own.Ear-piece gets hot after 5 minutes of talk.Battery standby life is poor -LRB- less than 7 hrs -RRB- . Does not remember userid/pass on power-cycle . Does not keep the time well.Very poor Netgear support , its off-shored and they seem to not know much or have only a few technitian to support the device.Price of 150 is outrageous!Update
 I received one of the first Netgear SPH101 units . I tried and tried to configure it but had a difficult time . It kept rebooting in the midst of configuration . On the 5th or 6th time , I got it to work and I even made a call . It was perfect ... until I laid the phone down on the table . Then it rebooted again . I made another call but lost it in mid-call when I shifted the phone from one hand to the other . On and on ... I 'll skip the details to say that I finally figured out that the phone is tap-sensitive . It I jostle the phone or simply set it on the table or pick it up abruptly or even tap it with my finger , the phone reboots and starts scanning for a network again . Obviously , if in the middle of the call everything is disconnected . After a lo-o-ong call with a tech in India who could n't help and then demanding to talk to his supervisor who could n't help much , I eventually got transferred back to the U.S. to talk to a second level tech . After describing my problem , he instantly said `` It sounds like it is tap sensitive and is rebooting . '' Duh ! After an hour on the phone the reps in India could n't figure this out?The U.S. rep offered to replace the phone but said , `` Unfortunately , it is a new unit and we do n't have any in inventory for replacements . Please call back later and we 'll see if we have one then . '' Uh , you ca n't notify ME , the paying customer , when one becomes available ? Do you understand the word BACKORDER ? Reply from the tech
 Am not sure if my expectations were simply too high -LRB- after waiting so long ... -RRB- or the phone is just not good . But the conclusion is that I 'm disappointed . Yes , sound quality is satisfying and it 's compact , but other than that , there 's just nothing above average . And in a tech-oriented world where iPod and Nokia are setting the standards for design and build quality , that 's just not good enough . The SPH101 feels like a prototype put together in a hurry -LRB- probably was -RRB- . It falls flat in many areas
 The problem mentioned in 4th place by the previous poster is serious . Almost all hotspots -LRB- even free ones -RRB- have a signon page that you get by going to any webpage in your browser after hitting their access point -LRB- you ca n't traceroute or ping until you do this - you are limited to their signon page only - you look to be on the net - but not really -RRB- Once you 've paid your day 's worth of $ to use the net on your laptop , you STILL must have the laptop on -LRB- ever see a laptop with a 24 hour battery running skype - please let me know when this technical hurdle is solved -RRB- What I found as a pseudo-solution is to program my laptop and my skype phone with the exact same radio mac address , which violates numerous rules , but hey , I only turn one on at a time - just like in the good ol days of cellular phone clones.Now having signed in , i power off my laptop with the kill button -LRB- impolite -RRB- or just drop the battery pack out so it ca n't say goodbye to the net . And I power on the skype phone . It takes over where the laptop was.HOPEFULLY the people who setup the network are passing udp both ways otherwise you get into skype relays and really bad sound quality or no connection at all.The real suggestion , as mentioned before , is give the product a limited browswer capability where they keys can type a la sms messages , and you can use some special keys to tab and enter the page - thus allowing signon without carrying an 11 lb 17.1 '' display laptop with you just toturn on hotspots to your skype phone.Then we 'd be in 5 star land - right now it 's earned 1 star and that 's all because i 'm stuck at home with it and the sph200d works better in my house than this ever will.good luck - keep on skypin !
 incoming audio quality is reasonable enough.outgoing audio quality is lousy for most people I 've talked to.Most ask me to please please go back to using the computer.My attempts at improving audio quality for people by plugging a headset into the 2.5 headset socket failed , because no sound comes out of the headphone , I 've seen several other people about this , not sure if that feature is just dead on all phones or just a number of them.the backlighting for the keypad is really cheesy too , it fails to light both outer rows of keys properly.I have no complaints about battery life so far , nor does it bother me that I ca n't use hotspots outside of my house , because I use it instead of cordless phone at home . Out of the house I stick to my cellphone for skype purposes.The phone is nice and small , and it sits well in its charger.When its in the charger , the screen stays on , which is nice , doubles as a night light .
 I have been using Skype for a few months to talk to my overseas girlfriend . Being tied to a computer has been kind of annoying , so when I saw this phone I was really excited about it -- the concept is great -- leave your laptop turned off and connect to Skype directly on Wi-Fi without a computer ! Brilliant!Well , not so fast -LRB- though the initial impressesions were good -RRB- . First , out of the box the phone looks great and feels great ... the plastic is so smooth it almost feels silky.Second , setup was a breeze and did n't even require opening the owner 's manual -- just put in the battery , boot the phone -LRB- turn it on , which takes about 45-60 seconds -RRB- , and then it starts looking for local networks to connect to . After selecting my home network and entering the password , the phone was connected in about 5-10 seconds . Great!Next , you enter your Skype name and then the password , of course , after which the phone asks you if you want to save the password for future use -LRB- makes sense -RRB- . Click OK and in a few seconds you 're online with Skype and you can make calls and receive calls easily ... until the network connection drops or the phone signs you out of Skype for no reason , both of which happened REPEATEDLY during my first day of use . I could connect to my network and sign in to Skype , but a few minutes later I would look at the phone and the icon would indicate that I had been signed out of Skype.For a little while I thought maybe my home internet connection was flaking out , but I also kept my laptop on and connected and it never had any issues at all - it was happily surfing without any problems at the same time the Netgear phone was saying it could n't connect to the network.Now , I was n't willing to give up that easily , so I actually went and bought a second one of the exact same units and used it at the same time as the first one . The second phone seemed to work much better for the first 24 hours -LRB- the first one I bought stopped connecting to ANY network after the first day and is totally dead now -- it wo n't connect to anything -RRB- . I left the second phone on all night to see if it would remain connected to the network and logged into Skype . No dice ; the network connection had dropped at some point meaning any incoming calls would not have come through . This basically defeats half of the purpose of the phone -LRB- the other half would be to make outgoing calls -RRB- . Overall , I got the impression that this phone just is n't ready for final release ; it 's too buggy and is essentially a beta version . For example , as noted above , when you go to sign in to Skype , the phone asks you if you want to save your password so you can auto-login later . However , even if you say yes , the phone will STILL ask you for your password every single time you sign in . It 's like the engineers thought of the `` save password '' concept during the design phase and wrote part of it into the phone 's software , but then in a rush to get the phone done , they forgot to actually make the function work . Lame.Sadly , as of March 26 , 2008 , there are no software updates for the phone and I am not even going to attempt to call Netgear to see if they have any info -LRB- their website contains no info re
 Unclear whether this is the SPH-101 or the `` new '' SPH-200W . I just got a SPH-200W last wednesday and it has a large number of issues.Here is a transcript of all issues I have reported to Netgear , with still not even an admission by then that these are issues : A summary of issues found to date and reported to netgear under case # 5879445 , on 10/17 . After no response , thursday afternoon I called 1-888-NETGEAR , option 4 . Argued with a useless Indian -LRB- who spoke very poor English -RRB- for over 2 hour . He kept going away for 10 minutes at a time to `` check with his senior engineer '' , leaving me on hold.He clearly did n't understand anything I said to him and kept saying `` do n't worry I will take care of you '' . He was clearly following a script and would n't escalate me to level 2 , so I played a long , did a reset , wasted more time . When I finally got to an American engineer at level 2 . Now , saturday 10/20 , I am on the phone again , and another moronic Indian has had me on hold for yet another 60 minutes , theoreticaly waiting for level 2 support ? 1 . SPH 200W does not reliably detect headset -LRB- which works fine with several other devices , including my cellphone and the GE DECT Skype phone -RRB- .2 . On the few ocassions that I have coerced it to detect my headset -LRB- without turning off and back on again - which takes about 2 minutes ! -RRB- , no speaker or microphone audio comes out of either the headset or the phone itself .3 . If I boot phone with headset plugged in , it is recognized , and speaker audio is correctly routed to it , but microphone audio is not . Called parties hear NOTHING ! 4 . Unit did a `` System error - please reboot '' on me once - 5 minutes out of the box when trying to make my first Skype call .5 . Unit takes around 60 seconds to boot .6 . Skype contacts status is not updated correctly - often showing contacts offline , who are in effect ONLINE ! 7 . When dialing an incorrect -LRB- too short -RRB- number - not 1 + area code + phone number , you incorrectly get an error of `` You need to buy more Skype Credits '' . Clearly the wrong error message .7 a. My GE DECT Skype phone has a `` default '' area code , that gets prepended to 7 digit numbers - where is this on the SPH200W?To date , Netgear has n't even admitted that these are issues that they intend to fix!We have a long log under case # 5879445 , running on Netgear 's support web site . They keep promising tocontact me to resolve this and noone actually does call me!Very very unhappy with this , my first Netgear product . Should Netgear actually respond to these issues I will post updates .
 I am a big Skype user and talk to family and friends via my computer with the cam and love it . I thought that I would get the Netgear Skype phone so that I could use it in Sydney and at home in my WiFi . The phone that I got is obviously defective . After 5 times with what netgear calls tech support . Actually , it sounded like it was a over crowded , dusty , hot room in India . I could n't began to understand the tech . I was so tired of saying , `` pardon me . '' I wanted to hang up . Long story short , finally the phone is going back and I am getting a replacement . However , I have to pay $ 16.90 for shipping for Netgears faulty product . My last wireless router from Netgear had a problem and I took it back . I just figured since Skype was behind this product , it would be better . I will not ever buy a Netgear product again . Beware of this item . I hope that the new one will work . We will see .
 It wont connect to my D-Link Router -LRB- DGL-4300 - Gamer Lounge -RRB- . I spent most of the day trying every possible WEP configuration.Info Page wont display a MAC address . -LRB- Purchased in Australia from Harris Technology -RRB- It goes back in the morning - I 'll ask for my money back .
 I got this in October as soon as it was released . It does what it claims to do but not very well . First problem is that the battery power is horrible . Maybe 4 or 5 hours max , so you have to leave it plugged in all the time . Then my contacts worked for a day or so but now it has n't shown anyone in my contact list for 3 months . It must be corrupted but that does n't keep the phone for preventing me from calling for 5 minutes everytime I start it because it is `` downloading contacts '' . Also , I had patience when I got it but I ca n't figure out why Netgear has n't put out new firmware to fix the plethora of issues with this phone . I paid $ 250 for this and expected some support .
 I bought this product from skype . they have no customer service number , so they are not addressing my issue -- namely , can i have a refund ?? it does n't work with my linksys wireless , and there 's no solution . i can occasionally get connected and make a call , but once i 'm off the call , it disconnects and wo n't reconnect . it gets hot , and the sound is bad . a big waste of money .
 The battery would not hold a charge on the first phone that I ordered so I ordered a replacement . The replacement also had the same problem . The factory setting for the back light is set at one minute but remained on constantly , thus using up the battery in less than 8 hours . If the phone was used to make a call it went dead in a far shorter time . The idea of this product is a good one but this phone is not yet ready for consumer use . I can not recommend another brand since Netgear SPH101 is the only one I 've tried .
 The idea is cool to make Skype calls without being connected to a computer . When it works , it 's great ... getting it to work properly/dependably is the trouble . Before buying , check out the Netgear forum to see all the problems owners of this phone are having . Hopefully a new firmware will be offered to fix the issues .
 I Bought my sp101 from Amazon just a couple of days ago.I agree with the previous reviews about the poor battery life and different other issues.But the thing I 'd like to warn you about is the fact that my phone almost caught fire just a while ago.I turned it on during lunch while I walked around in the city . At first it did not find any networks at all and kept rebooting on it 's own . Finally it managed to stay turned on .20 minutes later when I reached into my pocket to get it I burned my finger -LRB- it left a mark and everything -RRB- on one of the small metal stripes at the bottom.The entire phone was extremely hot and had turned off itself.I removed the battery to discover that it was slightly cooler that the phone itself so it 's probably an issue with the phone rather than the power cell.I 'm going to call netgear and demand at least a new phone or my money back.The idea of the Skype phone is great , but it does n't seem like they have been able to create something useful of it yet . . I really need a portable VOIP device so I hope the release some killer software update soon . .
 Is hard to connect in several wireless networks ; Phone turn it off without reason even if is connect in the power adapter ;
 This product was AWFUL , TERRIBLE ... HATED IT . A TOTAL WASTE of MONEY !!! Took forever to receive it , pieces missing , instructions hard to read , wheels already broke off . > : - -LSB-
 The price of this workstation was good . It was n't obvious that the metal frame was of such thin guage that you could actually bend it when tightening screws . The instructions were barely decipherable . When completed the first thought is ; could I rework some of the frame , with metal purchased elsewhere , to make it stronger ? The design and size is perfect for my application - used by children who are just ready to enter middle school . It is unfortunate that is is made of such cheap materials .
 Would give it a Zero , but you do n't have that ... Software would not load all the way .
 This is not a FOAM display header . . just flimsy cardboard . When I got mine it had a bag taped to it and when the tape was taken off a mark was left on it . There were also three creases in it . NOT , for professional looking displays !
 I am very pleased with the time of delivery . However , this header board clearly is NOT FOAM . When I opened the package , I was disappointed to see the board had three creases down the center . Sadly , I can not use this for a presentation as planned .
 If this is a gift for a child , it 's OK at best . If you 're truly interested in learning the art , do some research and spend a little more . The brushes and ink stick were cheap and the ink stone is n't the right shape inside the bowl , so ink can not be made properly.Check out
 I ordered this for a calligraphy class and chose this particular one because the stones looked especially nice with the design at the top . When it came in the mail the ink plate was broken along with the plastic tips of the brushes . Also , the seal stones were about half of the size represented in the picture and did not have any detailing on them at all . Another issue I had was that I paid expedited shipping and it took about a week to get to me even though they did not ship it from all that far away from where I live . It was a major disappointment and I ca n't use half the stuff since its either broken or too small for what we 're doing in class .
 We bought this set as a gift for our teenage daughter . We were very disappointed with the quality of the brushes , which broke immediately . The cover of small pot of red ink for the stamp had bonded to the base and we had to work with hot water and a blade to open it . The stamp is uncarved and there is no practical way to carve it unless you already own sculpting tools . The parts we did like include the pretty case , bar of black ink , and brush rest .
 I was also the victim of an unscrupulous product description.The listing states 10 NOT 10 '' as is the case with most descriptions denoting size and uses the plural STICKS .
 This seller is deceiving the customer with the description `` Black Glue Stick 10 `` They are playing on the fact that you will think it is 10 black glue sticks , and not the 10 is 10 '' 's ! They list it as the equivalant of Parts Express , but they -LRB- parts express -RRB- actually sell it for much less , further leading you to believe that it is is a deal for 10 sticks at a cheaper per stick price ... Amazon should drop this vendor , further I would suspect that they are also deceiving in their other offerings.As an added problem , the single stick I received had a glue sticker residue that would have jammed in the gun and ruined the gun in the process.Zero Stars
 You ONLY get ONE glue stick for $ 4.80 . Do n't fall for the 10 after the description , means it 's 10 inches long . You do n't get 10 sticks ONLY ONE !!! Feel jipped !!! DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 I think the seller is deliberatly trying to deceieve people into thinking they are getting 10 glue sticks when in fact , your getting ONE glue stick.Who would buy JUST ONE glue stick anyway?I added this to my wish list months ago , and when I ordered it , I did n't read the comments .
 Should have read the other reviews !!!! You only get one stick . Nowhere in the add does it say 10 `` inches '' . Bogus !
 ` Black Glue Stick 10 ' to me this was supposed to be a pack of 10 sticks.I would never have paid this much for just a single glue stick.I am not at all happy with this purpose.and even more irritated that the hassle of returning them to get my money back is n't worth my time .
 got it as a gift for someone , pencil tips came broken , the mesh holding the sketch pad seems to be very cheap looking , and it snags the sketch pad each time you try and put it back in bending the corners back . I was expecting a little more from this to be honest , at least a decent sketch pad holder !
 Look very very carefully at the picture . See that small arrow ? That rectangle piece its pointing too ? Ya , that is the only piece you get . For 9 dollars that 's ridiculous . The small part that I di getd is just super cheap thin plastic.I gotCosmetic Holder -LRB- Clear -RRB- -LRB- 11 3/4 `` W x 3 1/2 `` D x 3 1/2 `` H -RRB- at the same time too see which I like better and it 's SOO much nicer and only 10 dollars more .
 I was very pleased with how quickly this product arrived -LRB- next day -RRB- . But not at all pleased with how it fell apart the second I opened the package . I got out a screw driver and tried to get the screws back in but they were a little too sort to work properly . It is being held together with tape right now . It does work though . I suppose that 's what I get for buying the cheap one .
 I guess this product would be ok if the title and photo were n't so misleading . I thought the drawer organizer came with all of the different size sections . All I received was one square . Definately not worth the price I paid .
 we have other colors , two greens , a purple , etc. . . all work just fine . for whatever reason , this color does not stick . finding strips of it on the floor minutes after applying it . try the purple and green . they 've been removed several times and go right back on .
 These will not work under fluorescent lights !! I thought it was broken at first , but if you walk outside , or stand under a `` regular '' light bulb the calculator -LRB- Canon Flashcard LS-716H -RRB- comes on and works fine . And if you hold the calculator VERY CAREFULLY to directly face a powerful fluorescent light , it will come on and work . That is a profound flaw !! I bought another random other -LRB- slightly larger -RRB- solar calculator and it works PERFECTLY in all conditions like fluorescent lights . I usually love Canon products , I own Canon printers and digital cameras , and I am usually impressed by the Canon quality and ease of use - > this was a BIG disappointment.Other than the fact that the calculator wo n't reliably come on , it 's pretty nice . It is * EXTREMELY * compact and has a nice solid feel -LRB- about three credit cards thick -RRB- and looks pleasant . The keys have no tactile feedback , they are just built into the `` credit card '' , but they work Ok .
 If you are selecting this phone for the caller ID function , do n't buy it . You can not read the caller ID screen , even at the highest contrast level . Another annoying part of this phone is that when you returned the phone to its cradle , it gave a loud speaker feedback squeak . We returned the phone immediately .
 Was not allowed to give this zero stars-so I begrudgingly gave it one . Here 's why : I have owned several of these types of phones over the years . This phone is by far the worst of them all.I figured that being a Sony product , there should be some quality there . Especially at the higher pricecompared to other brands of this type of phone . Well I was totally wrong . I got past the fact that the caller ID display is miniscule.Even when you are right on top of the phone it is difficult to read . When the phone started giving me pager types rings for no reason when no one was calling , I contacted Sony and they had me do a reset function . Well this worked for a couple of weeks and then it started happening again . The final straw was the constant static that started happening . I contacted the company , they were useless , so I 'm am throwing the phone in the trash . Do yourself a favor - DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !
 I bought this phone because it was replacing the same exact phone we had previously , however after 1 month all you can hear when you pick up receiver is constant static . So much static we ca n't use it anymore . A waste of money thinking i was going to get Sony quality all i got was garbage .
 The angle of the phone in its stand on a desk or table makes the display illegible , and the lack of contrast in the display only makes that worse.Had I wanted a wall phone the angle would not have been a problem , but the contrast was still poor.There was a time when the name Sony meant something , such an intelligent design , but it appears that that time is past.I returned the phone .
 We bought this phone to replace one just like it that we had . We always thought it was a great phone . Unfortunately , it 's not as good as the first one . You almost go broke buying batteries for the caller id . We had to change them every 2 weeks . It 's an expensive phone , too . We 're sorry we bought this .
 It is impossible to dependably mount this unit on a wall . The design is such that the on/off button is on the handset , so it often remains `` off the hook '' even when seated in the base . I can not comment on other attributes , since I had to return it immediately .
 This review is by my father since the product was purchased for him.If I crouch under the phone I can see a display , but as standard wall phone height it can not be read .
 This is the worst phone I 've ever owned . The speaker is garbled and , based on what the folks at the other end of the line say , so is the microphone . Also , the electronic interface for volume and other settings is cumbersome and unnecessary . Do n't buy it .
 I have two base stations and 12 of these handsets , of which only 4 still work . The `` 1 '' button fails after a few months use . Panasonic has been no help .
 I thought that I was getting 20 sheets of 8 1/2 x 11 photo paper but they turned out to be 4 x 6 in size . I do n't think the ad made this clear .
 This is 4 inch by 6 inch . If you want 8.5 inch by 11 inch , do n't buy this product . Sure , I realize you can scan through all the info and find it is 4 inch by 6 inch , but it is not right out in front where it should be . I did not return this , as it was my mistake , but ... did not make it easy for me to see that it was not the size I wanted . I have no doubt they would be glad to take it back , so this is not a comment on their return policy .
 Yes the color of the print on this paper was very impressive . The thickness was also nice . Then the problems start . I have let the photos dry for 3 weeks . They still got screwed up when I put them under a glass frame or in a photo album.It is like the ink never really dried . You would think for what they charge HP could make a gloss paper that works.To top it all of if you get just a tiny bit of moisture on the printed photo the ink wipes off . Save your money and ink !
 Thats right WHY !!!! There is no reason to put up with this kind of problem . Ink sticks to plastic , glass and even each other if you put one picture on top of another . Ha !!!! Get out a hair dryer and dry the ink ... Why Hp is giving this paper away when you buy ink , and the 4x12 's , , , buy 1 and they will give you 1 free !!!!!! Why !!!! because the paper sucks , , , Do n't buy it I 'm sending mine back for a refund or for a paper that works I really have to laugh when I look at the pics and ca n't understand WHY people would try to talk themselves into using this paper . Mabe if you put tape on the back of the pic and hang them on a line you could look at them this way . Let me read what it says on the 110 vivera ink Brilliant , long-lasting . NOW ! Water - and smudge - resistant prints . This is the kind of mix-match that the company 's tell you can happen when you use aftermarket paper or inks . Shame on you HP
 I was willing to put up with the poor quality reception for the convenience of the small size in my hobby room . However , when it quit working , I found that the plug was extremely hot and had begun to melt !! Since it was very close to a shelf that holds sewing fabrics , it could have been a real disaster and could have caused a fire . DO NOT BUY THIS MODEL !!!!
 I purchased this about 3 years ago and the battery died almost immediately . I purchased a new battery -LRB- expensive -RRB- and then a few months later I started to get static which got progressively worse . I wrote Bellsouth last year and they sent me a replacement -LRB- after a lot of hassle -RRB- . About 3 months ago the 7 and 8 buttons stopped working . I have to push very hard with a pen now and they get stuck so the number is then pushed twice -LRB- or more -RRB- and I have to start dialing all over again . This is the worst cordless phone I have had . That is why I am here on Amazon shopping for a new one . Do n't make the same mistake I did and purchase this phone ...
 Endless static . Short battery life . Cute phone = 1 star .
 THE PHONE HAS VERY LOW QUALITY SOUND AND COULD USE A BETTER CHARGER . I WOULD BE BETTER IF IT HAD A LONGER LASTING BATTERY . AND THE RANGE IS VERY LIMITED .
 I would not recommend these to anyone ! The website recommended on the packaging to download the patterns does n't even have the templates for this product anymore . Once you can actually get one of your photos to format correctly , the templates do n't stick well . This was a total waste of money - there are many other covers out there that work TONS better . Please take my advice and do n't waste your time and money on this product ! I wish I had n't .
 These bags are of mediocre quality , but my biggest complaint is that once you unlock the bag , you can not remove the key ! This is a problem if you do not want the person who is filling the bag to have access to it once it is filled . This is my case . I want a person to be able to take an unlocked and open bag , put their nightly deposit in the bag , and place it in a drop . I do n't want to have to issue each cashier a key to each bag -LRB- or their own bag -RRB- just to they can close it and make the drop . Hence , these are useless unless everyone involved with their use has a key.Otherwise , the quality is not Great , and their size is standard .
 The advertizing for this item says that it ` Speaks over 200,000 translations and 12,000 travel phrases in high quality synthesized and recorded speech . ' It does n't explain that all of the spoken material is in English only . This is at best highly misleading . I purchased this item so that my daughter would be able to learn French . -LRB- She already speaks perfect English -RRB- . I decided to return this item .
 This is one of four backrests I bought from Amazon in hopes of getting one or two that help support my lower back , providing a natural curve to the lower spine . The ridges on each side of this support are way to close together for my back to fit into so what I feel is my back resting on the ridges which in not comfortable at all . Now , I am 6 ' tall and weigh 165lbs so I should be able to fit into a support built for the normal - sized adult male . This cushion would appear to fit a petite woman 's back.I do n't recommend this support for most adults .
 The strap on this product was too short to fit around my average size desk chair . The pad was also very narrow with thick padding on each side , which would probably make it very uncomfortable -- if I could get the strap to fit around my chair !
 I did not care for this product.The picture looks great , but the strap was not large enough for my chair and the product itself is very small -LRB- not wide enough -RRB- . It was a waist of my time and money , since it actually made my back pain worse .
 I had this phone for just over a year with no complaints . However , just after the warranty ran out , the channel searching began . Every conversation was broken up by the phones never ending quest for the clearest channel . This never happened until the one year warranty ended . ...
 This phone worked ok for about 6 months . It then got worseand worse each month . I can not recommend this phone.In addition it was always really bad around the microwave oven.Best to look for a different phone .
 Just over a year old and no longer under warrenty , the answering function just quit and could not be fixed .
 I 've had this telephone for five months and the cordless phone is no longer working . That is not a very long life , especially considering the cost . Regarding the answering machine , when people hang up before the message is finished , I hear a telephone company recorded message saying that they have dialed the wrong number -LRB- or a message similar to that -RRB- . . it repeats a few times with their beeping noise before it actually turns off , and it is very annoying . No other message machine has ever done this . I really liked the idea of the corded phone as well as the cordless with this model , but I should have listened to the salesmen when they told me Sony cordless phones are returned more than other ones . I did n't because when it comes to cordless phones , I have n't had much better luck with Panasonic or Uniden .
 I thought since this was a Sony phone I would enjoy it for a great length of time . I have never been so wrong . The Cordless portion of the phone has broken 4 times . The first few times we sent it back for repair -LRB- about a month without the phone -RRB- . Then they sent us a refurbished version of the phone , which worked for a bit , and then the battery went bad -LRB- not long only about 2 months -RRB- . So I had to get a new one . Then JUST after the warranty was up the cordless phone ` TALK ' button stopped working followed buy the ' 2 ' and so on . Now I ca n't even use it . This phone is an awful choice ... look elsewhere !
 We loved our first Sony but have hated this phone from the day we bought it . The first annoyance is that it automatically -LRB- and constantly -RRB- searches for the channel with the most clear reception which results in constant moments of silence in your conversation as the phone switches . The other thing that totally drives us crazy is the answering machine . It has an incredibly annoying beep when there is a message - and there is no way to turn it off . Maybe some people need that so they remember to check but we do not ! We do n't answer the phone during dinner but are faced with the choice of getting up and listening to the message or listening to the continuous beeping during the rest of our meal . I also feel sorry for my poor animals having to listen to this high pitched beeping all day while we are out . The answering machine also talks to you which is very tedious . I can read the indicator , I do n't need it to tell me every time I listen to my messages that `` you have 2 new messages and new calls '' . It also does not allow you to delete messages without listening to them . So even if you are standing right there screening your calls , you still have to replay them to delete them .
 Have had this phone for a few years and hate the beeping message indicator . The worst problem we 've had is that the microphone seems to be very week , prompting callers to say `` what ? '' very often . -LRB- It 's not the battery either . -RRB-
 I bought it . It was useful for about two weeks before it deflated because of a tear or hole . I used the repair kit that came along with the Hydro Cushion -LRB- like a bicycle tube repair kit -RRB- . The repair worked but ONLY for about two days then it deflated for a second time . The `` plastic '' insert for the cushion is of poor quality - NOT DURABLE at all ! I would look into TOGU 's seat wedge .
 When it worked it was pretty nice . Integrates with Quickbooks and several other accounting programs nicely . However , mine started failing after 8-9 months . It was sent back to Acroprint for warranty repair . 2 weeks later they ship it to wrong company ! Still lost . No replacement.SO ... TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SUPPORT . Hard to get answers by phone , web based support is very poor . Oh , and the thing broke . Take your chances . If you get a good one that does n't need service you 'll be OK , otherwise beware .
 Great price on this little shredder , BUT you get what you pay for . I am used to more expensive crosscutting shredders that really ensure that NO ONE is going to put the document back together . With this shredder the end product are nice clean strips of paper about 1/6 of an inch wide that , unless you really stir the shredded contents of the can before you throw them out , would be fairly easy to recover a name , address , and account number from -LRB- four adjoining strips on one of the statements I just shredded -RRB- . I really should have spent another $ 25 or so and gotten a fine cross-cutter . My bad . Oh , and it is noisy , but the auto switch seems to work adequately enough -LRB- although I would be willing to bet it will stick if I run a few old mailing stickers through it -RRB- .
 I bought this item . I dont live in USA . It did not work with cable Internet connection . I tried my best to get support from Soyo . Really bad.vrballari
 I ordered this phone based on the positive reviews I read here . The phone is really sharp looking and seems sturdy , but the sound quality is terrible . There is an almost constant hissing static -LRB- especially when I 'm talking - it 's like when it 's transmitting out -RRB- . I placed in the same location of my old GE cordless phone -LRB- also a 900mz and clear as a bell -RRB- , so I do n't think that 's the problem . It 's going back !
 Hey , just thought I 'd inform everyone that they might want to reconsider a Vtech phone . I had mine for about 2 years , and over the last 6 months I had it , it would n't hold a charge for more than 10 minutes - and then shut off . I would charge it for over 24 hours and then use it - and nothing but 5-10 minutes . I recently got a new phone for Christmas , and we trashed the old one . The new one is a Motorola Disney Princess phone - which , if I can find on Amazon , I will give 5 stars to . The new phone is great - fits my face comfortably , has great volume and sound , cute ringers , fits my hand well , has caller I.D , and comes on a stand-up base that I never thought to be better before , but is really convenient to not have to worry about laying it down against the charger correctly -LRB- no clicking it into the right spot in the dark -RRB- . My phone was in the mid - $ $ range at Target , and well worth it . I recommend my phone - or any Motorola - over than a Vtech .
 I bought this phone almost exactly a year ago . It had some cool features and yadda yadda , it worked alright when I got it . There is constant static . Now when I get too far from the base -LRB- about 30 ft. -RRB- it makes a horrible clicking noise . It worked just fine before -LRB- except maybe the static -RRB- . It is a poor quality product . I do n't recommend this .
 Got this as a gift and first time i used it i could tell i was gon na have problems with it . Worst signal i seen to this day and after month of barely use the phone went nuts and had nonstop static and i had to whack it to get it to stop and also people could hardly hear me day one with it ...
 Do n't bother with this model of Vtech . Audio quality was really really bad . I am not sure about other Vtech models though . But stay away from this one .
 BROTHER PT-9600 P-TOUCH PRO-XLNO WAY IN H * LL IS THIS WORTH $ 350.00 !!! I bought this on Amazon six months ago . The purpose was to affix labeling stickers to powder coated sheet metal covers that went over electronic equipment . This unit has died on me after six months of light use.The lighted screen display is old 90 's style electric typewriter I had in the early 1990 's for college . Laughable . Difficult to read and difficult to hit a ton of keys to get where you want to go on the display.Formatting the size of fonts and other features was very cumbersome and often failed to retain the font size in the memory feature . It would n't print , saying the font was too large to print . I would have to `` code '' -LRB- blue button sort of like the CTRL button on a keyboard -RRB- then `` format/block '' to downsize it every time.You waste an entire roll of adhesive tape before you get the right size and layout to come out.It takes about 15-20 long seconds for the print to acknowledge then fully release 5 '' of adhesive tape.The Adhesive Tape ! Now there are some claims that Brother simply LIES LIES LIES about . They have a `` Strong Adhesive '' brand that says it will stick to almost anything in HOT or COLD temperatures . My application was perfectly within those parameters of adhering ; powder coated flat smooth sheet metal . Well guess what ? My items are stored in the cold . They began to bubble little tiny bubbles . The adhesives failed . I fully cleaned the metal surface and made sure the surface was warm before applying . This tape is a total joke . I used tape bought from Staples , Office Depot and Amazon . All failed over the winter . It is very easy to take your fingernail and peel off the tape.I strongly urge you to find another brand . I spent a month looking for real industrial tape machines without success . So many garbage websites . I see some amazing looking adhesive tapes on the products I work with , but can not figure out who makes them !!! If you know , leave a comment . Thanks !
 This stand is too flimsy for my large laptop . It might work for a smaller one . A much better solution is the Allsop Metal Art Notgebook Stand .
 I thought this would be exactly what I wanted to raise my laptop to eye level and slant the key board for comfortable use . Intended to use at desk . While it accomplished those tasks , my laptop did n't sit flat and bounced when typing . Did n't stay put , worked its way down the thing . It is possible my Dell was too heavy . Thingie to hold slant very flimsy . Returning and continuing search .
 It does not quite do all the functions it advertises . That folded position in the picture it will only do on a table . Odd being that it is for your lap . The gripy parts are nice and do keep the computer from sliding but the overall construction does feel a little weak . An ok buy but i would look around for somthing else .
 Ok , this machine prints nice labels , but , it 's tempermental ... 90 % temper 10 % mental . And , man is it stupid ! In this day and age of user friendly devices how can something that prints labels and wastes 80 % of the tape tell you the label is too long and then make you guess at how long you need to make the tape to make it work ? I do n't get it . Could n't it figure out how long it needs to be ??? And , why does it have to waste so much tape ? If you get to use 20 % of the tape for actual printing you 'll be lucky .
 I agree with the previous reviewer . It is tedious to input without a QWERTY keyboard . I do n't like the key touch . It feels rubbery and occasionally a keystroke does n't register.On the plus side , it can do a double line which is handy when you doing long labels for a file folder label.I found the long spaces before and after the word very wasteful and I had to cut EVERY single label again to get the size I needed . That feature should be adjustable .
 I got this as a Christmas gift , but I 'm going to return it for a better labeler . The ABCD keyboard is annoying , if your going to be making a lot of labels and are able to type a labeler with a QWERTY keyboard would be much faster.What really annoys me about this labler is that no matter how you set the margins , it always leaves a half inch of white space before the text . You ca n't use the built in trimmer to trim off the excess . You have to go and find a pair of scissors and cut of the extra tape . You end up throwing away at least 25 % of the tape which is quite expensive .
 I 'm being very generous with one star . Save your money and just use an old milk crate . Very poorly made . You 'd think a simple cube would be easy to assemble . And it would be if all the pieces were cut right . None of these were . The drawer face is a different shade of black than the face trim and the rest of the cabinet . The drawer itself is difficult to open and close and if you do manage to get it open without pulling the entire cabinet over , the drawer often pulls completely out of the cube .
 unfortunately , since you have to assemble the product to check it out -- we assembled it , put things in it , opened the drawer and works like a stuffed cardboard box . WE ARE TOSSING IT AFTER 2 DAYS !
 Usually with cheap products it 's not instantly obviously they are cheap . This guy brings it to a whole new level . The pieces had scuffs and scrapes on them , from manufacturing or shipping . And the hanging file bars are just far enough apart that the hanging files do n't glide , but stick like crazy . No thank you - in the closet you go .
 The fax machine is quick at printing out receiving faxes . However it is rather slow in faxing out documents . I feel I should have bought the Canon faxphone L80 which is 33.6 khz versus the Panasonic at 14.4 Khz.Also the pages often get jammed in the machine which is not something you want to see in a $ 200 fax machine .
 THIS MACHINE IS AWEFUL . I SPENT $ 200.00 ON THIS MACHINE ONLY TO HAVE A PAPER JAM FAX , AFTER FAX , AFTER FAX . THIS USUALLY OCCURS WHEN I AM FAXING ONLY ONE SHEET OF PAPER TOO , QUITE ANNOYING AND FUSTRATING . I DO A LOT OF FAXING AND NEEDED A QUICK AND DEPENDABLE MACHINE . THIS WAS NOT THE MACHINE TO BUY . IT TENDS TO GO THROUGH A LOT OF TONER TOO WHICH CAN BE QUITE COSTLY . THE PAPERS I FAX HAVE SMALL PRINT ON THEM AND WHEN I FAX THEM OUT THEY ARE BLURRED ON THE OTHER END AND LOOK SMEARED . THE SPEED IS GOOD ON THE MACHINE AND IT COPIES GREAT . I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS MACHINE AND WISHED I HAD BOUGHT ANOTHER BRAND . PLEASE TAKE THIS INTO CONSIDERATION IF YOU PLAN ON BUYING THIS FAX MACHINE . I ONLY WISH I KNEW IN ADVANCE . -LRB- BOTTOM LINE IF YOU FAX A LOT OR HAVVE SMALL PRINT IN THE ITEMS YOU FAX DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE -RRB- .
 I hate faxing with this fax machine - it is such a time waster . It NEVER sends on the first ` connect ' . I have to dial wait for it to ring then it connects but makes the connect ring for aa while and then it hangs up . then i have to redial and then it connects and sends . I have NEVER had it connect and send on the first . It takes 10 min when it should take 5 . I do not recommend it at all .
 Worked fine for about a year . Now both paper feeders jam ! I ca n't send a fax , make a copy or receive a fax . The paper feeders do n't grab the paper . I tried cleaning the unit to no avail . Next I called the Panasonic support number . -LRB- As a side note the service number included with the fax machine is for porn -RRB- . Finding the correct number on the website was a waste of time . They were of no help . Nearest authorized service center was 1.5 hours away . After the problems I have had with this Panasonic a several Panasonic cordless phones I wo n't buy any of their products again .
 THIS IS ... . THE ABSOLUTE WORST FAX MACHINE I HAVE EVER OWNED ... JAM ... JAM ... JAM . . DID I SAY JAM ... WELL THAT 'S ABOUT ALL I CAN SAY . . BECAUSE THAT 'S THE ONLY THING IT DOES WELL ... SAVE YOUR MONEY ...
 This is the absolute worst fax machine ever ! I would not even call it a fax machine because it does n't fax ! Where to start -- the paper feeder will not take multiple pages . It jams or smashes 3 pages together . Do not buy this product . It 's a waste of you money . It 's a waste of your time . You 'll just end up having to buy a new fax machine anyway .
 I dont ' know where to start . I can not put multiple pages in at a time . It wo n't even grab one page at a time without hand feeding it like shoving a dollar bill in a change machine . I could go on , but that is reason enough to not purchase one .
 Jam today and jam tomorrow . Ca n't make copies or send faxes without trying multiple times to get the paper through ; do n't know why ; and Parasonic chooses to charge for technical support since I 've had it for over 6 months , the last 4 of which were of unspeakable horror.Skip it . Or better yet , if it 's too late , and you bought it , its place is down the rabbit hole .
 This fax machine does not connect with the dial tone from a live phone line with new cord .
 I bought a Panasonic KX-FL511 fax machine this February . It worked fine for 5 months , then start making loud grinding noises . I called 1-800-435-7329 Panasonic help line and did some test . They found that the gear from the drum unit are making the noises , and I asked if they can send me a replacement drum unit . Their answer is `` Panasonic warranty only covers the machine -LRB- within 6 months -RRB- , not the parts '' . They can sell me the drum unit for $ 116.00 plus shipping ... -LRB- ridiculous -RRB- . I also asked if I buy the drum unit from them , what is the warranty on the unit , and they answered `` 30 days '' ... What the ... . FXXX
 When it works it 's good but it rarely works . IMHO the Panasonic KX-FL511 Sucks , ie paper jam issues and worse , paper feed issues . Their tech support is even worse . I will never buy another Panasonic product .
 Let me join in the chorus of those warning against this purchase . This fax machine worked well for about 6 mos . but since then it is almost impossible to get anything faxed or copied without jamming during the first couple attempts . Even more annoying is that it then has to print out an error message thereby wasting a full page for a couple lines of useless text . The same problem is starting creep up on incoming faxes as well . The perceived value of this machine quickly disappears when you spend 5 minutes trying to get a single page sent . Now it is almost completely useless .
 you will pay $ 200 for the fax machine and after you finished about 3 toner cartridges you will have to spent ANOTHER $ 100 or more for a DRUM !!! . they are robbing you blind ! is n't it enough that they are making a lot of money on the toner now they have a way of making more!where are the old days when you spent money on fax machine and you had to pay ONLY ONCE !!!???!!!
 We bought this machine just under 1 year ago . Within a few months the toner was stuck in the drum and bent other pieces in the drum . Since then it has been easier to remove and replace toner , but the toner spills out everywhere . Now we need to replace the drum and there is absolutely no point in spending just as much as it cost to buy this machine . I myself did not choose this machine , and would not have if I had read all of these reviews . We 've never experienced paper jams like everyone else , but customer service is terrible and the manual barely explains anything , I have to wear gloves anytime I have to open it up and usually get too angry with it and make someone else do it .
 Ever since I bought this piece of junk new it has consistently jammed if more than two pieces of paper were loaded . Two pieces loaded separately worked about 10 percent of the time . One piece worked about 25 percent of the time . I have wasted loads of paper on the jammed reports produced by the machine .
 I purchased this fax machine on 5/12/2010 from Amazon.com . It was the 2nd panasonic fax machine I have purchased . The last one lasted 4 yrs . This one is not as good and Panasonic tech support isnt very helpful . At first they blame my tele line , which is a joke . They do n't seem to care to offer solutions , and some how they disconnect from the telephone when it suits them . If we dont get satisfaction soon , I will call American Express and stop payment or have charges reversed . Panasonic has to learn to be more customer friendly .
 I 've own this fax machine for a little more than a year . I primarily use it to make copies for my business taxes at the end of each month . Yesterday I got the `` Low Toner '' warning in the display . I 've probably at the most have made 250 copies with this machine and I 'm already out of toner -LRB- $ 29.00 -RRB- . Panasonic says that I should get approximately 2500 faxes/copies , etc. before the toner runs out . Try 10 % of that ! Also , the most annoying part of this fax machine are the junk faxes , which you probably have guessed it , use more toner ! It has a setting for junk faxes , but it has only caught 1 or 2 of the hundred or so that I have received . Plus there 's now way of deleting faxes from its memory . If it has junk faxes stored in its memory there 's no way of cancelling them , it 's going to print them out no matter if you want them or not .
 We barely use this fax - not many of our customers use the technology anymore . But , when a customer does send a fax , we usually have no problem receiving it . The big problem starts when we have to send a fax . The machine just refuses to do it . It wo n't accept the paper . Or , it connects , then hangs up without actually taking the paper . To get it to work , you have to be prepared to dial over and over again and coax the thing to take one sheet of paper at a time . I dread it . And , I 'm sure our customers tire of their phone ringing over and over again just to have our fax hang up or , at best , send one page , then hang up.I would NEVER recommend this fax machine to anyone . I would throw it out , but its a tough pill to swallow to spend $ 200 on a fax and then really never get more than $ 10 of use out of it . The cheaper fax this piece of junk replaced did a much better job.Every time I use this thing , I die a little inside .
 Bar none the worst business machine I 've ever owned.Like others have said , single faxes have to be forced into the slot to hopefully get them to feed . Multiple sheets go through three or four at a time . A complete waste of your money . I 'm dumping it for a Brother 4100e .
 Had to change the drum about after 2 years of moderate use . I changed the drum -LRB- almost $ 100 -RRB- in October 2006 due to streaking . Late February 2007 , only after 4 months of use , it started streaking again ! Contacted the CS at Panasonic and it was a complete waste of time ; left message with the supervisor , never returned my calls . The Panasonic customer service policy is frustrate you and hope you will go away ! Well , I wo n't go away . The freaking defective drum costs more than half of the machine!I will write to someone higher up and let the person know just exactly how I was treated by their CS . I own lots of audio , video equipment and do you think I would consider Panasonic product in the future , not a chance ! Do you think I would buy any Panasonic product in the future , not a chance ! This is very short-sighted approach from Panasonic in a very competive environment .
 While amchine was delivered timely , it unfortunately machine already does not work properly - very dark copies and strange noise !
 Dear Amazon , I have yet to receive the fax/copier and its over a month . I haveinquired to CR and to you without response from either of you as yet.I did receive the toner cartridge which I ordered at the same time.Please advise , Dave Miho
 I 've bought a lot of inexpensive bookends , but none were as poorly made as these . The metal is thin and pliable . The undersides have no felt , no rubber -- nothing to keep them from sliding on my bookshelf or to keep them from scratching my bookshelf . I would not recommend these to anyone else .
 We ordered several pairs of these bookends for use in our office . We were disappointed when they immediately collapsed under the weight of one book . They may be constructed of steel , but they folded over like sheet of paper .
 I have had the displeasure of working in two locations , each using this fax machine . Within weeks you will be unable to send more than one page at a time . Shortly after this , you will be unable to send one page at a time without standing by as it dials and then ... waiting . . waiting . . waiting THEN JAM IT IN AS THE ROLLERS START AND HOPEFULLY IT CATCHES . Nope , did n't work . Try again.I ca n't wait for our new fax to arrive . I 'm going to put on my finest clothes , crack a bottle of champagne and walk this demon spawn over to the trash compactor behind my office and send it back from whence it came.Oh , and please do n't make a fool of yourself by calling customer service . The frustration they will evoke from you only feeds the black heart of this soul sucking beast.Does come with a handy detachable paper tray , perfect for holding all the paper required to print out sheet after sheet of `` Document Jammed '' reports .
 This by far the worst fax machine known to man . After about six months nothing but jams . I think my ex wife invented this just to make me crazy . Save your money and buy something else .
 This is the most painful phone I ever had . The battery never charges completely . Keeps getting out of service errors . Phone died in first week . Got a replacement and had the same issue . I have seen big rack of the same phones returned by other customers in the local retail store .
 Bought this two-phone package about 18 months ago and they have not worked properly for over a year . The displays on both handsets died slow , painful deaths , one pixel at a time , over the space of several weeks . This renders the caller ID feature useless and you ca n't see what number your calling as you hit the keypad . The people at the other end of the phone repeatedly complain of random beeps coming from my end - highly annoying ! These phones are cheap for a reason .
 I 've got this brand of a similar phone that is also a 2.4 cordless phone with similar features for a year.A month ago , the screen of the phone ca n't display correctly.Now , it did n't work any , as the battery seem ca n't be charged anymore.If you think a year life of a phone is worth enough to get , no problem and go ahead.anyway , the least good news for me is I know I will buy a new one but never tough in this brand anymore .
 These phones have been a problem from the beginning . The caller id screens have or are disappearing . Do not buy these phones unless you enjoy problems .
 The phone never worked properly since day 1 we bought the set . So do not buy them .
 Out of a pack of five , four were working . I basically used the pack to add to a previous order to make free shipping . If I had really needed these , I 'd be disappointed .
 I have been using the AMPAD 22-157 for many years . The new ones are not using the same paper . The old thickness for all 76 pages would measure 0.480 '' . Now they measure 0.310 '' for all 76 pages . That is 35 % lighter paper ! I would gladly pay these high prices for the original notebook , but these are not the quality that are required for $ 20 notebooks . I am sad though , as there are no apparent replacements . Anybody have any ideas as to where to get good quality notebooks ?
 I was a huge fan of these books , price just did not matter . They were the only ones with solid wire binding that would last the time the book was filled and beyond , the only ones with good solid covers hard enough to protect the contents . Most importantly they were absolutely top quality paper - suitable for fountain pen , felt-tip , pencil , it would probably even stand up to watercolors . The paper was a beautiful texture that showed absolutely no bleed-through and was also incredibly durable - repeated erasers , scotch tape , paper clips no trouble . This was my ideal notebook.I have just ordered and received another ten of these books to find that unlike my previous books -LRB- Made in USA -RRB- they are now Made in Mexico . The wire binding and covers seem to be a bit lighter gauge . That I could live with , but the paper is different . It is shiny and completely unlike the old books.If you are buying these books because you require a sequentially numbered wire-bound notebook and you do n't much care about paper quality perhaps these are still OK.If you care about the paper , if you are a repeat customer because of the paper , look elsewhere . Try to find old stock of the USA-made books somewhere before I do . You might be much better off buying some Moleskine grid books and taking them to a bindery to have that superior paper rebound , or even work out something with your local paper supplier and bindery . I am very disappointed with my purchase .
 I purchased this item for as trip to Mexico , last year . It came in handy although it is a bit large and cumbersome . The touch wand appears to be very fragile and broke from limited use . The device has been stored for a year , when I removed it to take on another trip I found the touch screen would not calibrate.I do not recommend you waste your money on this one !
 I bought this phone because it has music on hold which is a feature I need . The problem is that the phone is so soft you can barely hear what others are saying . And they ca n't hear me either . In fact , you have to talk on speaker or you really struggle to hear at all . And my hearing is perfect . There are other annoying things like when the phone rings it sounds like a childrens lullaby and there 's no way to change that . Same for the music on hold . I would put up with this gladly if I could hear when I talk to others but there 's no point in a phone when everyone struggles to have a conversation .
 These phones are not what I expected . They have no jack for a headset and the address book must be entered in each phone -LRB- quite tedious and time consuming -RRB- .
 NEVER RECEIVED THE PRODUCT I ORDERED AND AMAZON WO N'T REFUND ... WILL NEVER ORDER FROM AMAZON AGAIN !
 Although technically legal pads , these pads are not legal ruled . I wanted the smaller ruled pages of a true legal pad . The quality of the paper is also rather flimsy . It 's a good price but I wo n't be ordering this again .
 I bought the 8.5 * 11.75 size pad , but I did not notice that it is only one pad for six dollars ... TOOOO expensive !
 I bought this phone to replace a 10-year old Uniden cordless phone that worked very well . This one statics on all channels , the audio fades , the range is about 15 feet , and the ringer is the only thing that works right , only so loud that it sounds like a fire alarm . The housing is light-weight , flimsy plastic that looks like it will warp.I called Uniden , they would only replace it if I mailed it back at my own expense , and kept trying to upgrade me to a better phone for `` only '' $ 10 and a copy of my original receipt . Amazon accepts returns only of unopened or original condition merchandise , so that 's no use , either.Recommendation
 I 'm interested in the burgundy clear front report covers with three prongs , but the photo of the product in the ad is a pocket folder . I do n't want to pay for the wrong item . Please advise .
 This thing is a complete waste of money , I can not discourage people strongly enough from buying it . It is very unstable ; the riser arms do not mount solidly in the base , and because they only set into the base at one point , they move around quite easily . Any small bump or impact of your desk will move them from the position they 're in and make the entire stand and your laptop vibrating . I 'm constantly worried my laptop will fall off of this thing . Further , the top surface is angled down and the surface of the arms is covered with this foam type stuff that does a very poor job of holding a laptop in place , so mine constantly creeps forward a bit at a time ; I continually have to push it back into the proper position , and then that causes the arms to flex in the single piece of plastic that holds them together . Every couple of hours or so I have to take my laptop off , reposition the entire thing to be stable again , and then put my computer back on top of it . An overpriced POS do n't buy it . The Alsop stand might not be as pretty , but it 's a third of the price and 10 times more stable and functional . You can actually store things beneath it without destabilizing the stand , unlike this one . I 'm afraid to reach underneath it for any reason because my laptop would come crashing down if I accidentally bumped into it while doing so . An absolute and total complete waste of money . Buyer beware !
 I 've had the same experience as a lot of people writing in ; within minutes of putting my laptop on the stand , I turned my attention to something else and it slid right off and hit the floor . Thank god my laptop withstood the fall ! I also have one of the new aluminum 15 '' MacBook Pros . It 's possible this has to do with the material , but I 'm not convinced .
 I 've owned 3 Griffin Elevator stands for the last two year and have used them on a daily basis . I even brought it with me when traveling.Today five minutes after leaving my MacBook Pro on the stand I found it on the floor with some serious damage.If you do n't want this thing to crash your laptop stay away from it .
 For the macbook air it 's just not good at all . It 's not stable and when you type it vibrates and the computer slips in it ...
 I got this because my back hurt from always bending over to see the screen , but after a while of using this my wrists started to hurt . I am pretty sure this item causes , or at least , aids in , developing carpel tunnel . I did n't think about it before but having your wrists sitting up high out of alignment with your forearm is awful for them . The product itself is fine - but I think it is really only to be used with an additional keyboard and mouse that sit on the actual table .
 I recall the ad saying `` new '' keyboard . It came very used and unclean .
 About an hour after leaving my laptops side I awake to a crash and realized that my laptop was no longer on my desk but on the floor . I had left the screen open with it on what i thought was a secure laptop stand . I closed the laptop and put it further up on the stand so i could see if it slipped down by morning ... Well it did , the computer slipped a good 3 or four inches . This product needs some sort of lip on the end of it so the computer does not fall off . The previous clear model from Griffin had this and I am not sure by they decided to get rid of it . I am going to return the product . My laptop is worth too much to risk it falling again .
 I got this product for my 15 '' Mac Book pro and was initially thrilled as it is a nice looking product that keeps the computer elevated at an excellent angle . But after about 4 months , I noticed the computer would start to slip down the stand , that the grip pads were not holding the computer anymore . Maybe the heat from the laptop melted the grip on the pads or something . After the computer slid all the off and hit my desk one night I just threw the stand away .
 Using it is great . It 's elevated to the perfect height but my powerbook ended up on the floor in the middle of the night . Now my new hardwood floors are scratched and my powerbook and the battery for it are completely dented . I 'm returning it the thingThey really do need to make a lip or use different grips or something .
 Just like everyone else , my laptop -LRB- unibody Macbook Pro -RRB- slips off the stand over the course of a few minutes to a few hours . To the point where I only have it on the stand when I 'm sitting right next to it . Otherwise I take it off the stand and put it on the table.Basically a waste of money , I would n't buy this again or encourage others to buy it either .
 THIS STAND IS DANGEROUS . DO NOT TRUST IT TO SUPPORT YOUR LAPTOP.This stand loses grip over time . A few nights ago , I watched -LRB- in slow motion horror accompanied by a classic muffled/panicked `` nooooooooooo ... '' for added effect -RRB- as my macbook pro slid off the stand and onto my kitchen floor . The laptop was fully on the stand prior to sliding off . After that , the laptop would n't boot.I took my laptop to the Apple store to have it diagnosed . My hard drive was broken because of the fall . This was not all . I now have a big dent on my laptop and a ding in my kitchen floor.I called Griffin Technology to see what they could do for me . They said that since the stand was more than 2 months old that it was not a manufacturing defect and that they would be unable to cover the cost of the replacement hard drive and shell . The hard drive and new torx set cost over $ 120 . I do n't even want to guess how much a new macbook pro shell would cost me.It is concerning that Griffin believes that a $ 30 + stand which supports a multi-thousand dollar computer should only be stable for one to two months.I spent the next day dissembling my laptop , installing a new hard drive , attempting to bend my laptop shell back into shape , reassembling my laptop , restoring OS-X and the environment that I had on the computer.I should have trusted my first instinct to not buy products from Griffin .
 I left it alone twice today for less than a minute and I found my macbook on my computer chair -LRB- luckily not the floor -RRB- . I 've had this for quite a while and never had this problem . Perhaps like another reviewer said , the macbook has burnt off some of the rubber . Sad , because it 's at a nice elevated height , but not at the expense of my macbook !
 This part number is supposedly 24 # paper . Feels close but not quite when comparing to others . NOT recommended for laser printing . These crease and fold like no other when used in a laser printer . If you just need regular envelopes though they should be fine for you .
 I have been a big fan of these printers . I own one vintage unit from when they were CoStar LabelWriters , and 2 LabelWriter 330 units . I still love the functionality , BUT ... now both of my 330s -LRB- one at home , one in the office -RRB- have suffered power supply failures . Dymo 's solution is to send them back for a $ 75 repair -LRB- each -RRB- . That 's a large fraction of the purchase price . The power supplies lived through the warranty period , but not much longer ... so the calculation you must make is whether a unit that lives just about that long is worth the purchase price.It is possible , of course , that current models are more reliable . Or not .
 I 'm on my third Dymo LabelWriter -LRB- at least -RRB- . Have been an early user . Currently use a 400 model . Mechanically , it 's pretty good -LRB- although it occasionally spits out several blank labels , while printing one good one -RRB- . But the big problem is with the software -- it is TERRIBLE . The label-design software is totally non-standard , non-intuitive and impossible to figure out . What 's worse , it has n't gotten any better with successive generations of printers . -LRB- I 've hoped for improvements each cycle , but nope , Dymo has consistently disappointed . -RRB- This is clearly a company that places no value whatsoever on the overall user experience or quality of their software . Next step for me is to go with another brand , or try to get independent software to run the Dymo device . -LRB- I 'm running Mac Mountain Lion , which it supposedly supports , but really does n't . -RRB-
 what is it about dymo - used to be an ok company . their tech support group tries , but their products just suck . my labelwriter 400 works for a few weeks under windows 7 and then just stops working . some knot-head in their product design group put a right-angle power plug on the bottom of the thing that pulls out . why ? when i change labels i have to manually select 30252 - and so i go through this debug process from time to time.dymo - nice little company with products that have sucked as of late . dummy me , i own three of them.after uninstalling all dymo software , installing both versions of the software , and two driver versions -LRB- one x86 -RRB- it seems to be working - for another month ? Also , the labels I printed out for folders in my garage have faded - in less than a year.too many features mean that the things we used to take for granted in the old days ca n't be done at all .
 I have a LabelWriter 400 . Installed Dymo v8 software for the unit . I am using Windows 7 -LRB- 64 -RRB- . It worked ok for a while then started giving me the error code `` Object reference not set to an instant of an object . '' and 51 other errors . Then it locks up my computer . Contacted Dymo support and after a week of back and forth was told to install v7 .8 software . I did and it solved the issue , but the software is very , very awkward , almost worthless . I told them I hated v7 .8 and wanted to use v8 . I got the following response
 This worked OK for about a month then started double ffeding labels -LRB- and sometimes more -RRB- . It had to have a power reset between printings . Then the labels started jamming under the roller . All in all a complete piece of junk and not worth one penny . The website help is useless .
 I have used the old Labelwriter 330 turbo , for our veterinain praktices for 3 years , when finally the first one broke down last month the choice for the new Labelwriter 400 turbo was a no brainer atleast we tought . How disapointed did we get.First of all is was nolonger possible to put the labelwriter off , when we went home -LRB- not good for environment -RRB- . Then it became clear that it was no faster then the old Labelwriter 330 turbo and even worse it pulls the label forth and back before printing , which makes changes of labels gettting stuck in the machine very high -LRB- which happend to us a lot -RRB- . Also when printing to it from another computer it stops just before the end , then after a second pushes the last peace of the label true . Which means for us that we pull the label of the machine to soon and then it gets stuck in error mode . The software has lots of problems , for example if you repress bad labels in the software it wo n't print at all . My advise look for a diverend labelwriter !
 We have been very disapointed with this printer . If you plan to use your own labels with it , forget it ! This printer requires that the labels have a small hole between them , so that the printer 's sensor recognizes the end of each label . Unfortunately , our labels do n't have a hole between them . When we called Dymo , they told us we could only use Dymo labels , they apologized and said that they did n't know why this was n't advertised with the product.Warren Buffett said
 Back in the day , I had 8 Costar LabelWriter Turbos , they were incredible . Dymo ca n't seem to get the USB interface right . On EVERY computer I hook one up to , I get garbled printing and ca n't every seem to get a label to print reliably . I think they 've sold out , started manufacturing in China and what was once a terrific product is a complete piece of junk . 55 labels per minute , yes 55 WASTED labels per minute . I would be please with just ONE good label per minute . Strangely , I have this problem with all Dymo USB LabelWriters on all computers I hook them up to , yet there is no reference to it on their pathetic knowlege -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- base . Stamps.com , gim me a break . Another way to suck bucks out of your wallet . Is it really that hard to put a stamp on an envelope ? I would rather get what I paid for , a label printer .
 The Dymo LabelWriter 400 Turbo works great . What does n't work well is the `` No-Monthly-Fee DYMO Stamps -LRB- tm -RRB- postage labels . '' Everything works great until you want to purchase postage for your package you are shipping . With the free software provided you can print a wide range of pre-selected postage amounts , but you can not print a specific dollar amount . To ship your Priority Mail package with the correct amount of postage , you will still have to go to the Post Office or purchase a $ 9.95 monthly service plan . Of course , this is not explained to you until after you purchase the unit and set up your account . In my opinion the `` No-Monthly-Fee DYMO Stamps -LRB- tm -RRB- postage labels '' is clearly bait and switch . If you ship a few packages a month , the monthly service charge is not worth the cost .
 The one and only reason I purchased this label printer was for the highly touted Dymo Stamps feature , supposedly giving you the ability to print your own postage stamps onto thermal postage labels for no monthly fee , only the cost of the printer and the thermal label refills . According to the Dymo Stamps website , Dymo Stamps gives you the ability to `` Print Exactly the Amount of Postage you Need '' and `` Eliminate the Need for Costly Postal Meters . '' What the consumer is not told upfront is that these `` precise '' amounts of postage can only be in denominations of the Dymo Stamps software 's choosing , not any amount you want . In fact , the only postage denominations that can be printed are those already available in stamp form at the post office , basically just your run-of-the-mill $ 0.39 stamps , $ 4.05 Priority Mail stamps , and postcard stamps . This software also does not give you the capability to print postage for Parcel Post , Media Mail , or Express Mail , and does n't allow you to add additional postage for services like insurance or certified mail at all . How this saves you any trouble over buying stamps from the post office is beyond me . Conveniently , you can only overcome all of these limitations by subscribing to Endicia -LRB- Dymo Stamps ' backbone provider -RRB- for a monthly fee . Heck , you ca n't even go to an office supply store to buy the thermal postage label refills that you need to print postage on ; they can only be ordered online through a link in the Dymo Stamps software . Especially given the fact that even the least expensive Dymo Stamps capable LabelWriter model is over $ 100 , this will NOT save you any money in postage , will NOT save you any time , and ordering stamps online from USPS -LRB- or getting them from the local post office -RRB- is just as convenient , if not more convenient , than ordering the stupid thermal refills online from Dymo and waiting for them to arrive . Thankfully , Amazon is great at accepting returns .
 I purchased one of these printers in order to make use of the DYMO/Endicia joint venture dubbed `` DYMO Stamps '' because I was under the impression that doing so would save me a lot of trips to the post office without a lot of exorbitant monthly fees . I got taken.They very cleverly prevent you from running their DYMO Stamps application at all until you actually purchase and connect one of the three most expensive printers DYMO manufactures , thereby ensuring that you will never see just how horrendously crippled and useless it ultimately is.You ca n't print any denomination of postage you like or require , you must choose from a list of about ten options , and needless to say , those options are all just 39 cent increments ; nothing you could n't accomplish with a roll of stamps for less money and less hassle . Heaven forbid you should need to send a Priority package that weighs 1lb 2oz , it simply can not be done , so you pretty much have to go to the post office for everything anyway . The only real difference is that now you have a $ 150 gizmo on your desk that consumes $ 20 rolls of paper with a pretty blue light on it.And what 's worse , the printer itself did n't even work very well . It was incredibly loud , and had a really difficult time handling graphics ; everything was horribly streaked and text was nigh-illegible . I got better performance from dot-matrix printers 20 years ago.If you need to print shipping labels , get yourself a cheap HP LaserJet and a huge pack of generic labels instead of this heap . If you need to print postage , go to Pitney Bowes and do n't fund Endicia 's shady little operation .
 Hole drilled in the wrong place . Pegs on draweres too big . Stripped hole . Glides on desk require additional support for drawer to close properly . Poor quality paint - chips easily . After about 5 + hours of work and a trip to a hardware store I 'm still attempting to complete it . I do not recommend this desk .
 We ordered this desk a couple of weeks ago . It arrived on 9/7/10 . Open the 2 large boxes and took out all the packing and pieces , but there was no hardware . I called the customer service desk that evening and the lady was very helpful . She said we 'd hear from the parts dept within 24-48 hours . She also * promised * rush delivery of the missing parts and overnight shipping . I waited 2 days and never heard from anyone , so I called them back . The new person I spoke with said the order had been entered with `` rush '' delivery , but it had n't shipped yet . She again * promised * me that the missing parts would ship overnight . I did not hear anything from them again yesterday , but this morning I received a shipment confirmation that the missing parts had been shipped and would arrive on the 15th . They apparently forgot that they had promised me overnight shipping on multiple occasions . I will not order anything from this company in the future . Save your money and time and buy from someone else .
 This product was not satisfactory for my use . The color is very light almost transparent and pink rather than red . The printing is not readable .
 I purchased this shredder for light , home use . I picked this model bcause it seemed to be in the mid-price range of the smaller , home office / light-use shredders . After very light use -LRB- maybe 3-4 times per week -RRB- over 2 months , it quit working . It seems like the motor just gave out . Nothing ever got stuck in it , and I never overloaded it . I paid $ 40 + for this shredder , and now it is in the garbage !
 The seller claims they will send you 500 labels but they will only send you 100 since you are purchasing only 1 quantity ! Very misleading ! But when confronted , they feel they are very clear on what you are paying for ! Will not buy from this company again !
 The tags are great , but I felt ripped off only getting 20 in the pack that was marked and sold as 25 .
 I 've owned several Fellowes gel pads in the past.The old Fellowes gel was soft and comfortable , this is almost as hard as a rock . Since for me , I have large hands , the wrist rest is actually a palm rest and my palm starts to hurt with extended use . If you 're expecting an old style Fellowes , do n't waste your money , sanding a piece of wood into a bump would be just as , if not more comfortable than this.Other differences are : You ca n't remove the wrist rest itself.The mouse pad fits loose , falls out easily.The mouse pad is lower in height causing there to be a rim around the pad.Edit : After closer inspection I realized that Fellowes really , really cheaped out on this one . The actual gel layer is only a 1/4 '' thick or so . Under that is a semi-pliable hard rubber base , best I can tell . It appears they tried to hide that fact by attaching the wrist rest to the base . At the same price , this is not what I paid for -LRB- . -RRB- I was going to edit this to include the pro 's that previously earned it 2 stars , but now I 'm taking away that extra star.This is not a gel pad , it 's being sold under false pretenses , at best this is a `` gel topped pad '' .
 I have two of the older versions of this mouse pad . One at work and one at home . I like those very much . After many years of use they were starting to get kind of grungy so I went looking for a replacement . I was pleased to see that this model was still available but had been upgraded with the microban protection . Even better , or so I thought . There are two , in my opinion , major problems with this mouse pad . The first is that the wrist pad is very hard . The old one was soft , squishy and very comfortable . The new style is very hard and provides almost no cushioning at all . It kind of defeats the whole purpose of having a wrist pad . The second issue is with my laser mouse . There must be something different about the surface of the mouse pad . Often my mouse goes into what I call slow motion mode . The cursor starts moving very slowly compared to how fast the mouse is moving . My guess is that the laser is not tracking well against the surface of the mouse pad . Maybe it 's not the mouse pad causing this but I have been using this mouse for a couple of years and never had this problem until I * upgraded * the mouse pad . Regardless , the lack of comfort with the wrist pad is enough of a reason to avoid this product in my opinion . The older non-microban version of this mouse pad is still available . If you like this style of mouse pad that is what I would recommend instead .
 Oh dear they included a free gift in the package for this and I prefer the free gift mousepad to this .
 Been looking for a decent replacement that would last . THIS IS NOT IT!The seam between the base and the cloth started splitting within a week of using it . Save your money and look elsewhere .
 The wrist pad is tooo hard for me to use . I feel like I have large bruises on all contact points when using this wrist pad . I do n't find the flat wrist pad ergonomic at all since there are no contours to provide the desired relief . If you have already had nerve issues I do not recommend this one .
 Just bought this item Nov08 , its June09 and the seams popped . I 've had the older style Fellowes gel pads for years -LRB- the ones without the microban -RRB- They where so old they where faded and worn ... so I replaced them with these and the 1st one has already failed.I 'm going to try one more and see if it lasts more than 8 months , hopefully they just had a bad manufacturing run or something ... Oh , that chemical smell . . yes it is strong out of the blister pack , but it dissipates within a week .
 I ordered this item to help out in the office - very comfortable at first , but within a matter of days it fell apart ! the fabric covering came unglued from the base and all of the gelly substance started coming out from the inside creating a sticky mess all over my desktop . I have had much cheaper and more comfortable wrist rests in the past .
 I love the comfort of this wrist rest but what is that chemical smell ? It 's making me ill at my desk . Can anyone answer that question ???
 I wanted to like this remote and it does do everything that it says it does . But it is so loud - the clicker can be heard and is picked up by the microphone . This is a product that I wish I could have handled in store to check . I 'm going to keep it as a backup but it will not be my primary one .
 I could not get this to connect from my front room to my study -LRB- up one flight -RRB- which has a 40 ft direct line to the tv . It is said to be radio frequency but it needs to be pointed at the computer to attain 30 ft. I returned it . Thanks Amazon .
 I 'm a professional trainer and use a remote all the time . I returned this remote because it 's the worst I 've ever used . Key points : - The dongle is extra wide and conflicts other connections when plugged into USB on my Mac Air - People claim it 's good for large hands . It 's the worst . Your thumb can easily overlap buttons . - The buttons feel cheap and make loud audible clicks . Very distracting in a class.I 'm highly suspicious of the positive reviews here . This is a really terrible remote .
 This device is great when it works . The green light is a bit dim but that is OK . However , the device started to malfunction only after half a semester . First , the prev button acted as next and the next stopped working . Then the receiver was off completely . I thought I could just use it as a pointer . Surely . My only trouble is how to turn it off . I examined the electronics . It is probably due to cheap and crapy pushbuttons and circuit . Recommendation
 I am keeping this product because I want to use it for a presentation on Monday and it appears to be working . Too bad I did n't get the `` USED '' price for what is obviously a used and returned item . Seal on box broken , box lid bent , finger print smudges all over both pieces of remote and users manual with the pages bent back . At least I think I have what I need for work but it feels yuck!Satechi SP400 Smart-Pointer 2.4 GHz RF Wireless Presenter with Mouse Function and Laser Pointer - Blue -LRB- SP400BLU -RRB-
 Pro :1 . noneCons :1 . it says it works on Mac , but doesnt seem like it2 . keys r hard to maneuver . unlike the logitech ppt remote , which has indentation that sort of guides ur finger , this one doesnt . the indentation feature on the logitech remote allows u maneuver the remote without looking at it & u can focus ur attention on the ppt.overall really disappointed since it has received phenomenal reviews .
 I use a remote clicker about once a week in a quite room . After I opened the box and tried to turn pages using the buttons on the remote , it made a noisy click sound every time when I clicked any button . This seems a good remote but it is useless to me . Not recommend to be used in a quite place .
 Initially , I really liked this presenter remote . I was using it during an all day presentation . The buttons stuck during the latter part of the day . . causing me to have to use the laptop to advance my slide . Maybe I just had a defective unit ... up until then I was really impressed . I returned it for a refund ... have not heard back from them yet ... I would like to try another one ... the verdict is still out !
 For a little while this pointer worked fine for me . It lasted through two semesters teaching one class per semester . However , once I started full-time -LRB- this past year -RRB- , it was so inconsistent that I finally just had to stop using it to avoid constantly interrupting my classes . One press of the button would either skip through 2-3 slides at a time , or the delay would be so great that I 'd push the button again and after several seconds it 'd follow orders . Other days it just would n't work at all . I was literally standing 15 feet away from my laptop whenever this happened . After a frustrating semester with this presenter I finally broke down and bought a Kensington , which is what my professors in graduate school always used .
 I used to own an older remote and I bought this one because of its many features . I returned to my old unit . This remote is extremely unreliable . When you plug it into the USB , it takes a while for the remote to activate ; it stops working at random ; some features are very difficult to program ; it is extremely unreliable for class presentations . Sorry to give this negative review , in spite of the fact that its features look promising .
 After reading good review about the product , I ordered SP400 through amazon . Barely 40 days after I purchased the laser pointer stopped working . I contacted amazon and they have directed me to the manufacture . I 'm awaiting manufacture 's response . I bought this because I wanted a reliable operation , but I 'm disappointed .
 Purchased this item on high reviews . We tried it in our auditorioum . Needed to work for 70 ' -75 ' from the computer . Advertised to work to 100 ' . Would n't work consistantly to past 20 ' from computer . Worked very sporadically at distances past 20 ' and often double clicked through slides on powerpoint presentation . Would loved to have had it work but it did n't . Returned it to get a Targus model that we 've tested and works fine .
 Disappointed in this pointer . I bought it so that I could be at the back of the room and change slides on my power point but it does n't . sigh
 I found the device too sensitive and was always clicking forward more slides than I wanted . Also , I do not see an on/off switch which means I have to always take a battery out after use . I recently used a logitech at a clients boardroom and am switching to that .
 It works well , but if you put it in the carrying case , the battery drains because the buttons get pressed . There is no master power switch .
 I 've had this product for less than 5 months and already I 'm having problems with it . I 've been using the remote with the same computer since I got it and , as of late , it will not communicate with the computer consistently . It 's had this issue in the past , but usually unplugging it and plugging it back in would solve the problem . But now that is not the case . The light on the remote keeps flashing , but it will not advance slides in a PowerPoint presentation . I got this remote to replace a Targus that was accidentally broken by one of my students , and I can honestly say I miss that remote . The laser pointer on this one is pretty strong , but that hardly outweighs the communication issues I 've had with the remote .
 And then I could n't get it to work again . I 'm hoping to return it to the manufacturer for a replacement within the one year limited warranty because maybe I got a DUD . But I need this clicker to function as I am a professor who presents lessons every day . This is the third clicker I 've tried , but to no avail . The batteries seem fine - the laser pointer works , but there is no signal to change the PowerPoint slides . Very frustrating !! $ 35 I think should get a clicker that would last at least two years , not 3 months . I 've had it nearly 6 and hoping to get a replacement .
 The slide changer works fine but the laser pointer is too weak to be useful ! So , now I use the presenter AND a separate laser pointer .
 This remote was great and did everything I needed for a good price , but it only lasted for about half of my semester . The computer recognizes the USB , but the remote no longer will connect . The laser still works though . Very disappointed .
 Anyone planning to use this with MacBook Air -LRB- the new 13 '' one -RRB- should know that the receiver unit is wide and blocks the adjacent port . if you use it on the left side , you ca n't connect the power and if you use it on the right side , you ca n't connect the display . That problem plus the fact that the instructions contain no information about how to connect to a Mac make this an expensive laser pointer . Uh-oh .
 I bought this product based on its positive reviews . However , it just does n't get the job done for several reasons -LRB- in order of importance -RRB- : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It skips slides too easily . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The USB connector is so wide on my MacBook that I ca n't use the second USB port . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The range does not even extend 50 feet line of sight . -LRB- 4 -RRB- It makes a loud , audible click every time you press a button . -LRB- 5 -RRB- I feel like it goes through batteries pretty quickly.The only reason I 've stayed with it for so long is because I 'm on a limited budget and it is better than the infrared remote I was using before .
 my unit has only worked 40 % of the time . I plug it in and hit the forward button and sometimes it works , other times i have to advance slides manually and only use the laser pointer function . i would not recommend this unit .
 To scroll pg . down instred of switch moving need schrolling whell or ball . So we can excess web faster but all other feature is ok .
 I think the wiring on this thing is terrible . It worked for two minutes before it broke . I hit one of the buttons and then nothing happened . Only the laser pointer works now . Total junk .
 The shape & portability of this item seems reasonable , but I was upset having received a device that worked for only 1-2 days . Never worked since then . Changing batteries does diddly squat . Bought it from -LRB- what I thought was -RRB- a reputable seller ... maybe I just received an unlucky item .
 This remote is quirky and does n't always work . I often have to walk over to my desk and use the mouse which defeats the purpose of being mobile in the classroom while teaching . Too bad the buttons on my old one quit working as I never had any problems with it . The old one was a Targus brand ... which I will be buying again since this one is a piece of junk .
 I bought this to use with a Mac and should n't have bothered . When the USB is inserted , it proclaims that it does n't recognize the keyboard and you have to jump a couple of hoops to get past that . Once you fuss with that and try to start the presentation , it knocks Powerpoint out of slideshow mode and back into slide view - and then wo n't do anything else . The pointer works fine , and the mouse is controllable as long as you do n't mind it being really slooooooooow - but otherwise this is a worthless piece of crap . Save your money .
 This pointer would be fine for in-class use if you are a teacher ; however , if you are wanting to use it in a large room , go with a Targus . I purchased this remote specifically because it said it had a 100 ft. range . It does NOT . Once you exceed about 30 feet it begins to behave erratically , not moving when you push the button , then skipping through 2-3 slides the next time you press it . I have now had to spend more money to purchase a Targus . My personal Targus remote advertises that it has a 30 ft. range , but works perfectly in our 50 ft. room . If you want reliability , do not purchase this remote !!
 This remote does everything I expected/needed EXCEPT span the 100ft range claimed in the specs . I have direct line of sight -LRB- although that should n't matter -RRB- and the effective operating range is only about 55 ' . It still works at this distance but is sketchy at best . I tested with three brand new sets of batteries with the same results . Otherwise if my need was only 40 ' I would have given this 5 stars .
 For the size , cost and 2 battery power , I expected a more powerful and visible laser point . The range is good and the functionality is OK .
 Simply put , this has been the most inconsistent device that simply just does n't work . I should have reported it to the vendor more often as having to power down and restart as they suggested the first time just did n't work . I wanted to try something different from Logitech but I learned a valuable lesson in `` if it ai n't broke do n't fix it '' . I contacted support and again , they responded right away and are willing to replace it if it 's still under warranty . I purchased it in July 2012 so hopefully it is which I will gladly right another review pending my test .
 Look elsewhere if you want quality that will last . If you just want cheap then you have found it . More junk for the landfill .
 I had purchased 5 of these as we were wanting to replace some Hiros that were wearing out . I saw the great reviews and felt that these would be a win . Unfortunately , the mouse function is less than functional . The bidirectional movement does not allow an educator in front of a class of 75 students to be able to quickly move to the desired icon or location on the screen . That low functionality coupled with poor/inconsistent reception to the USB device located in within 50 feet created multiple embarrassed educators . We have a reputation for excellence . These remotes have failed us .
 I liked this model in every way , but it did n't last , and that 's the bottom line . I decided to try a AAA battery powered model because the laser pointer I used before used expensive batteries . I loved this model , but after only a few months of use , the pointer button gave in . It ended up being as costly as the special battery using laser model I had before .
 I bought this wireless presenter to use in my classroom . The price , carrying case , fashionable color , and laser feature made it very appealing . Sometimes light weight can be a bonus , but this product just felt too light and cheap . The laser feature never really worked , but advancing from slide-to-slide was fine for a couple of months . Then it just gave out . I was sure it was the batteries , but that was not the case . Soon after , a guest presenter was visiting our classroom & told me that she had purchased the same one & that it turned out to be a piece of junk . Lesson learned
 After 70 or so uses of about 1 hours each , this product stop working . As with another reviewer , I also found it to be sensitive . It would often advance two or three slides as a touch of the advance button .
 I tried to start it for 2 hours , could not figure out why . I have a presentation at the next morning for a conference , so it stressed me a lot . When I reopen the battery compartment , I then saw one of for the coils for the electrical connections was not there . That means it can not be powered . It never worked . I have never seen such defect in a $ 40 device , even in the $ 1 Chinese made gadgets . Returning it right away .
 The remote is used for slide presentations at Church . It is much too sensitive to touch and frequently advances two slides with a single push . It is used by various people and no one has been consistently able to advance a single slide . We have totally quit using it because backing a slide up is too distracting to a large audience . No software is included or referenced on the website to decrease sensitivity.IMPORTANT REVISION
 I purchased this remote instead of the logitech one , as it seemed as though it would have more functionality . While I do like that you can use it as a mouse , the range is so poor that it only has a 50 % chance of working . I have primarily used it in a classroom size space at maybe 10 feet away and it is n't that reliable . I have used it on both a pc and Mac with the same result . I would not reccomend unless you are standing still right next to your computer .
 I ordered this item thinking that I would receive 10 since the item is listing says File Pockets ... 10 per box . I was astonished to find that I actually ordered 1 folder for $ 10.00 !!!! Be careful to watch what you are purchasing .
 I had purchased the basic set of Tarifold Display Pockets and wanted another set of the pockets to expand the whole system . What I received did n't include a mounting bracket for the sleeves , however , and as a result I returned the add-on pockets since there 's no way to attach them without the mount .
 I got a little confused and ordered this phone thinking it was a mislabeled IPEVO Free-1 UCB Skype Phone . It looks like the real thing , same dimensions , even comes in a faked Skype box , but it ai n't real . It is a cheap Chinese reproduction of the phone . Good news is it still works , but the buttons on my phone do n't work . This was an unfortunate $ 17 mistake . I wish I had n't bought it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 after owning these units for 2 years 2 of the handset will only let you hear the other person and not talk to them and of course they hang up . units are out of warranty and suspect 3rd unit will fail same way . would not buy again .
 I ordered this stuff because of the simple and unadorned appearance . . but yearned after it for several days , I just got a totally different one , and that ugly thing even makes me do n't want to touch it . . I hope there could be no star . .
 I pointed this thing at several known hot spot and didnt get it to recognise it . Several others who bought this said the same thing.Called customer service and the lady was rude and tech support didnt know anything.I am very upset . dont buy from irock .
 I love Amazon and use them all the time - as I do Skype - but this phone is terrible - I have given up and boxed it up - software just does not work - look on line and see the litany of problems others are having
 Tried the phone bc of dual use possibilities which were rare at time of purchase . Product did n't deliver . I sent it back after 3 days . More technologically savvy people probably can get higher return , regular people wo n't .
 Stock fed well and produced excellent color . Cards separated easily producing two cards per sheet . However , the note card once folded in half for a landscape appearance , separated too easily along the top edge producing two note cards instead of one folded card .
 The phone came broken and unuseable . We tested the phone on our system and came to the conclusion that it was the handset that was not working properly . We got in touch with the seller , and he responded one week later and said he would send us a new handset . That was on June 28th , and we have yet to receive anything or hear back from him -LRB- even though I sent him a follow-up e-mail -RRB- . Today is July 18th , almost 3 weeks later . Looks like we just threw away $ 26.48 which is not a fortune , but things like this should not happen !
 This Mouse does not work well at all ! It almost immediately needed new batteries . And when the batteries were replaced , needed new ones shortly thereafter . It does not have a scroll wheel and is awkward to use . Since mine has not been working up to snuff I 've been trying to deal with Sony Customer Support which has been dreadful ! Yesterday I wasted a half hour just trying to get through to someone . Did not succeed . When I did get through this morning they acted like they were unfamiliar with my case . I 'd spoken with someone who assured me a replacement mouse would be shipped to me upon arrival there of my receipt . I faxed the receipt 9 days ago and nothing . Finally , I should receive a replacement Mouse in a couple days . But the thing , when working properly , does n't work well . All in all a dreadful experience . Too much wasted time .
 I was looking for a cordless phone with voicemail capabilities and this item seemed like the logical choice . When I received it and read the instructions , it turned out that I needed to call my telephone company , order call forwarding and sign up for voicemail through them . This phone is basically just a cordless
 there 's nothing shows how many messages I have . It is just a toy for kids . Not Worth the price
 I ordered this same cash register and it also did not come with a scanner . I called customer care in India and got a man with horrible English skill . Who said '' No scanner No scanner ! '' very rude and nasty like . The next day I got onto an online chat with someone named Pureen -LRB- sp -RRB- Who told me the only way to solve this matter was to buy another unit and send the defective unit back . Thus charging my cc twice which I refused to do . I asked her for a case # twice for the chat log and she refused to give it to me . She said the log would remain and all was safe . Very poor service indeed . The next day I got an e mail from Amazon India who wanted to know what the problem was because there was no chat log and I have yet to hear a thingAll I want is a working cash register for my company . But now this . I buy a lot of stuff from Amazon for myself family and employees . But will really think again before I order anything . Please make me whole again
 Bad product will not write ink clogged ordered a dozen only one pen worked . I am very disappointed with this product .
 The P-touch is capable of making labels , however , it 's extremely frustrating to continue buying expensive tape for this label-maker , only to have to cut an inch of tape each time I print a label . I called the manufacturer in the hopes that I did n't set the machine properly but had an extremely frustrating conversation with their `` customer service '' representative who explained -LRB- not so patiently -RRB- that it is not a design flaw . The manufacturer intended for the machine to create an inch of lead in tape each time you print out a label . She acknowledged that they log calls EVERY day complaining about the wasted tape but insists they can not do anything about it . Given the low cost of the machine , the real money-maker is in the cost of the tape itself so cutting off an inch of tape each time you use the machine tends to add up in wasted money . If I had known about this problem earlier , I would not have bought this machine .
 Glad to see it seems to be as important to most of the other purchasers of this product as it is to me about the amount of tape wasted when using this machine . Imagine my ire when reaching the end of the role to see 4 more long inches wasted at the end because of dark bars pre printed from top to bottom of the tape -LRB- for 4 inches -RRB- ! This is absolutely absurd . Yes , the manufacturer can help it , if they wanted to . We should all pack our labelers in `` postage to be paid by addressee '' marked packages and let them figure out what they can do to get back in our good grace . I 'll bet it would happen pretty good and fast , too .
 I 've had two of the Brother P-touch Labeling System machines , and , being human , I have dropped one on the hardwood floor in the dining room , and the other fell off the arm of my recliner onto the hardwood floor in our living room , when my cat jumped up and knocked it off . These labeling machines are NOT made to withstand ANY shock of ANY kind . My husband and I tried to re-align whatever `` parts '' were in the machine to enable the tape to print out again , and we could fix NEITHER machine . Get the most utterly simple machine they make , and DO N'T DROP IT .
 You loose 2 inches of label tape with every use . Shame on Brother for such a terrible design or , as I suspect , a design intended to force the purchase of more tape than should be necessary .
 I have owned this product for two years and it never fails to irritate . Not only does it waste Brother 's ridiculously expensive tape , but it also fails to automatically trim labels symmetrically on both sides . This means the user has to MANUALLY TRIM at least one side with a pair of scissors to center the text neatly on the label . Oh , and while I 'm on the subject of the text ... It 's a pixelated , utilitarian sans serif stretched to awkward proportions by some of the various `` size '' settings on the machine . If you 're considering this product , I would seriously recommend one of those old-fashioned embossing labelers instead .
 Although the 1750 Machine is okay and only okay , the tapes are a nightmare . Why they have to be `` tightened '' is a mystery but the bottom line is that you are going to get a lot ruined tapes using this machine .
 I just purchased this product . In the instruction manual , it states that only the Brother AC adapter should be used and any other will invalidate the warranty . Why is it that only a Brother adapter can be used when AC adapters are supposed to be standard ? A tactic to increase sales ? The adapter itself costs an additional 15 to 20 dollars . In addition , I agree with some of the other reviewers that a significant amount of label is wasted with each printing due to the empty space on either side that must be cut off . The 2 line printing does look very nice . I have not used many of the other features and so can not comment on those .
 The Brother P-Touch is designed to waste tape . The `` narrow margin '' mode still wastes almost an inch of tape for every label . The tapes cost an arm and a leg.The P-touch also wastes your time with an ad on the display every time you turn it on.I ca n't recommend this product . It 's useful , but it 's annoying and expensive to use .
 Mine worked pretty well for about the first 50 labels that I made . Then the font size got stuck ridiculously small so that the message only covers about 10 percent of the tape surface . If you want really small labels with a hard-to-read font size , you could use my PT-1750 to print them out and then cut down with scissors to eliminate all of the wasted label area .
 This thing wastes so much tape it is ridiculous . Do n't buy this or you 'll be kicking yourself after you realize how much tape it wastes and the price of the tape .
 It is obvious that Brother designed this labeler to waste tape . I bought the labeler because I wanted to implement the Getting Things Done System . I find the labeler useful but I am very annoyed that Brother made the labeler is such a way as to force people to buy as much of their tape as possible . The reviewer Rick Galati is completely wrong . There is always wasted tape no matter what adjustment you make and the wasted tape is usually substantial . There is absolutely no way to prevent the labeller from wasting tape . No matter what setting of the margins you use the labeler will always print out an margin on the left side . There is a margin setting called `` NONE '' but even this prints out a sizable margin on the left side . The worst thing though is that if you use the settings which reduce margins than you no longer have the text centered in the label . Instead there will be a margin on the left side but no margin on the right side . Thus you have to cut the tape in order to center the text which is a big hassle . In fact I just use the labeler with the margin settings set to `` FULL '' because I do n't want to bother having to cut the tape myself . Brother could easily of made the labeller in such a way as to reduce the margins but they did n't . I can only include that they did this on purpose to get people to buy more tape . The tapes themselves are about 20 dollars .
 I like everything about this product except for one thing
 The machine works great when it works . Unfortunately , I have had two models that needed repair - sigh . The first time the print head died . The second time the cutter was defective . Brother needs to a better job on their quality control . Also , I agree with others about too much wasted tape - a real scam since you need their expensive tapes .
 Please Note that Laptop stand you have just sent was poorly packed . all the hardware and items where collected in corner.It is missing ring around bar of part D where it provides support to tilt the laptop Part A.Hope you can send this ring ASAP or we will have to go through extra time and efforts to disassemble it and send it back .
 When I came to this page , the item was listed for $ 23.00 I clicked to add it to my cart and the price changed to $ 89.00 in my cart . I wo n't be trusting this company anymore .
 I purchased this laptop caddy based solely on reviews and unfortunately , this time , reviews have failed me . Do n't get me wrong , the caddy is stylish and easily fits under my bed , I could n't be happier about the appearance of this . Here 's where the negative comes in
 I had high hopes for this product , especially after reading the other reviews . It seemed like just waht I needed , since I have back problems and often need to work on my laptop while I 'm reclining on my couch.However , I was very disappointed to find that the base does NOT fit underneath any of the 4 couches in my house -LRB- and my couches are pretty standard -RRB- , so I 'm not able to have the table go over my lap -LRB- from the side -RRB- like I 'd hoped . That was the whole reason I wanted to get this product ! Instead , I have to roll the table up to the front of the couch , sit at the edge of the couch -LRB- the front -RRB- in order to use it . I even took off the wheels to see if that would allow the base to slide underneath the couch , but it still did n't work.I 'm surprised they overlooked this flaw in the design , especially since the height of the curved legs on the base does n't have to be so high -- what purpose does that serve ?! However , the table itself seems sturdy and the tilting function is nice .
 The stapler works as described and I cant complain about the product , but it just does not really hold the papers together for very long , I find them falling apart after awhile . More of a design flaw than anything else . So yes it works but do n't expect long term life .
 I had great expectations for this stapler but it failed the test of practicality . It certainly staples sheets of paper together , but it punches a big hole in it which is very unsightly and hard to remove without causing further damage . It also requires a lot of pressure . It must be seated on a hard flat surface and pushed down very hard . If you are not a rather robust person you can forget it . I was hoping it would work similarly to the old fashion Medina or the Chinese knock-off version called the Eagle . These both crimp the paper with a waffle-like patern that holds multiple sheets together quite well , but still allows you to pull them apart without damaging or mutilating the paper like these new style `` punches '' . Medina and Eagle are out of business .
 Sounds good , but not so much . Papers do n't stay `` stapled '' and if you put more than 3 pages together it jams and there is no way I 've found to un-jam it because it is plastic and fragile . Buy a stapler .
 This is a cute object that will start conversation . It will NOT hold 2 pieces of paper together . Great concept . I would wait until this product had been a little more perfected by the manufacturer before I would purchase it .
 It readily fastens two or three pages together but if you flip the pages to read them they will fall apart . This is more like a paper clip for two or three pages versus a stapler .
 I loved the concept , the external design ... but , I used for 6 pieces of paper ... and thanks to the Lord I have the skill to disassemble and assemble again ... other wise , 10 dollar to the garbage .
 Unfortunately the `` staple '' is weak enough even with just two papers that as soon as you look at the second page the papers come apart . I was hoping for a better grip . I would n't buy this stapler if I had the chance again .
 If you already have something to punch holes into paper , then you can use that instead of this buying this item . It 's pure of waste of money . Not sure if I can return this item . If I can , then I would be glad to do that .
 Works ok , not the greatest . Works better on thinner paper . Not quite as good as a regular stapler but if you just need them held together and are not carrying them around a lot or passing them in to a teacher they will be fine . Good idea !
 I bought this stapler for classroom use , but after one morning in my classroom , this product was broken beyond repair . It was such a shame because we go through so many staples in a classroom , I was hoping this would provide an easy substitute . I might consider getting another one and trying at home , but it definitely does n't hold up to use by children .
 The stool is not bulky and looks nice in my home . However , I 'd prefer a more adjustable chair . For instance , the seat back does not adjust front and back , and the seat bottom does not tilt forward . The lumbar support feels good against my spine , but it deflates every day . The foot support ring diameter is too small that it might as well not exist ; it 's not a comfortable foot position . The seat bottom is very comfortable , so I 'm interested in testing other Tiffany Office Furniture products .
 This footstool looks great but once it 's put together , the legs are not very stable . I 've only used mine 3 times and have had to re attach the legs .
 I purchased this stool to replace a 20 year old oak stool that finally wore out . I could n't be more disappointed . The look is lovely , but first it came with no hardware . I waited a month to get it from the company -LRB- I should have just purchased my own -RRB- and then when I was taking the legs off to put the washers on , the screw in one of the legs came out of the leg .1 / 20/2013 - the leg has broken off . Would not recommend this . Have changed stars to 1 .
 My gripe with this is for the sake of people who buy them for classes and crafts who need consistent sizing -LRB- so one kid 's snowman does n't get a model nose and another a big fat swollen one or so rows of them do n't look lumpy -RRB- . I buy craft poms for my cat to play with ... The tiny TINY ones are pretty hard to use since they both fly under the fridge and get caught in her paw , but it is n't a huge deal for me ; it is frustrating because I have actual 1/2 '' ones to compare to , but not the end of the world.That said , their 1 '' ones , slightly smaller than other brands ' 1 '' , are very tight and excellent material . The critical thing I like about this brand is the lack of smell and the non-toxic inks and fabrics . Far too many smell like petrol ; Charles Leonard are made with good materials , so in the case of these 1/2 '' ones , it really depends on whether you need consistently sized ones or are fine with some ridiculously tiny and tight beside others that are actually the size listed . Excellent dyes and fabrics ; just not manufactured to be the same -- maybe I got a variety of 1/8 -1 / 2 by accident .
 The title pretty much says it all . This might be a good time clock , but I would n't know because the one I ordered from Ace Photo Digital was broken . I chose to send it back for a full refund instead of dealing with the hassle of repairs .
 I installed this in my office and half the time the machine does n't read the cards . The dial also is not great at getting the card aligned right . The manual dial is also another nuisance that had made me waste a lot of hours tracking overlapping prints . Stay away from this product , in my opinion it is worth spending an extra $ 40 for any other product .
 The time clock only prints the top half of each number . Each week I have to try to distinguish 2 's from 3 's etc. . Have been trying to get a replacement for it for 3 weeks now . No one will help me . I 've called atleast 5 different phone numbers , each party shifting the responsibility to another party where you will likely get a recording or be put on hold forever , just to find out that you really need to call some other department . Finally got a hold of the person in charge of the time clock returns at Royal and she said to email her the info and she 'd send me out a replacement . That was 8 days and 2 emails ago . She has yet to respond to my emails . I was also informed that there would be NO REFUNDS , just replacement . I would love to go down to Staples or Office Max and buy a new one while I spend months trying to get my money back , but that 's not gon na happen .
 The time clock did n't work when we received it.It has been returned for repair . So I have no other info until itreturns from the factory
 We have had two of these units over the years in an office with 5 or 6 people who punch a clock . Last unit died , ordered a new one that was DOA . Sent it back , tried for a refurb unit from same seller , figured it would be fixed this time . Nope , DOA again . Issue is my controller really likes this unit so hopefully the 3rd time is the charm !
 I 've had my TC 100 time clock for 9 years and it works fine but I need a key for it to open it and there is no such company as Royal Company to contact . I 've googled it and ca n't find a number . Do n't get this machine because there is no way of servicing it !!
 I bought it a few months ago . After 3 months , it dies.Every time it print out something , it makes a lot of noise.Sound like a type-writer . No wonder it screwed up so soon.After dying , every time I plug it to the outlet , it makes some kind of noise like the sound of a cat , gr ... gr.Save your money to buy a better different model .
 We returned this time clock . It was too outdated and archaic . The worse thing was it clunked loudly once every minute . Very annoying in a small office . We could hear it even after putting it in the adjoining small room with the door closed . Much too mechanical . It should be advertised as a `` Retro '' time clock .
 I ca n't get this time clock to program at all ... it 's way too complicated and I just want something practical for my small office . . I am sending this back
 This laser pointer is just plain junk . It did n't even work right out of the box . I would n't even bother risking it , buy another laser pointer .
 Not much else to say , except that the other descriptions I read where they said quality was poor are indeed , accurate . I was not pleased .
 This pointer is for those of you who want a laser for A day , this device seriously sucks . The construction of the laser pointer it self is really bad , and the quality of the dot is poor , in addition it will flicker on and off even if you have the activation button pushed . Only buy this if you only need one for a single day
 The cats have a ball with these , but they 're definitely not high quality , but you get what you pay for . I received a pack of 2 and one of them did n't work . The company I ordered them from promptly sent a replacement though . All in all , a pretty good value for the money .
 I was happy for buying it , I had one before . I bought it thinking it was grey , they sent me a red with gold and sparkles !!! I want it for business , what am I going to say the customer if I hand him the laser in a presentation !!! You should ask the color before sending it .
 No where in the ad does it say that the actual rails connecting to the 2 end pieces are bloody METAL . Yes , it 's still a matter of taking pliars to yank and hack off metal so that the dang thing will fit into the drawer . And , it does NOT just `` snap '' together . You firmly shove the ends of the metal rails into the plastic . Sigh . I thought this was going to be truly different and innovative . I 'm still happy that the end pieces are n't metal , but as for the rest , I take issue with the way the product is advertised .
 -LRB- Review from the 25865GE3 base unit , posted here also in case you did n't see the review there . -RRB- Junk . We bought the base and two handsets in 02/07 , and in 10/07 the base unit just suddenly stopped transmitting to the handsets . Warranty is to send back to Texas for service . Nice - no phones for weeks on end ? It was fortunate we had n't thrown out the old ones . Sound quality is poor , transmission between base and handset is poor , and the date keeps reverting back to 2005 -LRB- the default -RRB- . When it reverts back to 2005 , the messages are recorded as being on the wrong date . It 's also hard to see the display unless it 's lit . There are a lot of good features , and the answering section seems to work fine -LRB- except for the date -RRB- , so it 's a shame these are such poor quality.If and when we get them fixed , I do n't know that they will really be fixed . For the money -LRB- $ 190.00 -RRB- , there 's got to be better products available than worthless General Electric waste-of-space stuff like this.Update 10/05/09 . My opinion just went even lower . Today the replacements quit working again same as before . Had to use old AT&T ; phones . Looking for new phones now instead of sending these back . I 'll never buy another GE phone system again .
 I have five of the handsets and they are all showing the same problem , reported by other owners . The LCD displays go bad . Horizontal lines on the display fail , and as more and more lines fail , the displays become unreadable . Because it is happening to handsets bought at different times , and other people see the same problem , it is obviously a design or manufacturing problem which GE has failed to address.I also find that the battery life is not very good - not the time between recharges , but the overall useful lifetime.It is unfortunate that the handsets have these problems , because the system works well as a phone system .
 NOT HAPPY WITH THE PHONE . THE BATTERY DOES NOT HOLD THE CHARGE.WILL APPRECIATE A REPLACEMENT BATTERY
 Bad batteries - wo n't take a charge when received as new . Works after replacing batteries . Some displays failing shortly even though the phone is still usable .
 It got there and it was fine but there is very little point to this item , because you need to have a corresponding phone and that is not made clear in the description .
 Ordered four of these handsets ... upon receipt , three are non-functioning in that the LCD display is degraded to the point of being unreadable . The fourth is marginally acceptable . Will be returning three units .
 This system may have been good when it was new but do n't buy it now
 I bought this pen to replace the exact same pen that I had and lost . This one skipped when I did n't hold it at one particular angle - my previous pen did n't . I think the nib is slightly bent - I 'm really busy so I did n't take the time to return it and ask for an undamaged one - but I was very disappointed because I loved the pen I lost . I hardly use this one because it skips .
 This chair is very uncomfortable . It leans forward so that one feels as if one will slide out of the chair . At first I thought that this could be easily adjusted , but not so . I contacted HON customer service and they were useless . It 's a sturdy chair , unfortunately the lack of adjustiblity makes it a pain to use .
 It came as a very &#34; used &#34; product . When I tried to contact the company , they ignored all attempts . Not a good company to work with .
 This product was shipped defective by Green World Electronics and still waiting for them to rectify the situation . Would not recommend buying from this company
 To start , I have Windows 7 and did not have any problems loading the software as other users have mentioned . That being said , I thought the software was extremely confusing and outdated . I use Photoshop CS4 regularly and had trouble believing that this CD label software would be more difficult . It just does n't have enough options for me in terms of color matching , moving text and images around , or just overall design . I ended up just finding a Word template online and using that . It took much less time to do it that way.Also , the labels attached nicely to the discs using the attachment -LRB- the first one did n't align properly , but I think that was my error -RRB- however I put one in my 6 disc CD changer in my car and it got stuck . After 3 days of my CD player flashing `` error '' it finally popped back out and the label was not attached all the way . I am just thankful it did come out so I would n't have to spend hundreds of dollars to get my CD player fixed . I am glad this only cost $ 15 so I am not out more than that . Instead of investing in more labels , I will be saving up to get a printer that I can print directly onto CDs to avoid any further disasters . In the mean time , I will continue to label my CD 's with Sharpies ...
 These are pathetic . too thick and cheap . They peel off quickly and are definitely not professional in appearance at all . I was hoping to sell the c.d. 's i bought this for but now it looks like that wo n't be an option . Consider light scribe c.d. 's if you want an image on a c.d.
 I picked up this label making kit from Memorex because their cd-r 's are great and I needed to make labels for them . The software said I could use it with windows Me and XP among other operating systems . Well with the Windows Me installation only part of the program worked and the rest had video problems . So I installed it on my XP machine and it seem to be working much better then all of a sudden the program vanished as I was working with it . I restarted it and it disappeared again . I then went to Memorex 's web site to download an update that turned out to be a different program exPressit S.E. 2.2 . This program worked . But all of this was way to much work . Now for the labels . All I can say is my printer printed them ok and they stuck well . Their label applicator would not do an expert label installation . For home use its ok . I am going to keep looking for a better way of labeling my cds .
 The software for this product is not user friendly . I spent some time `` calibrating '' my printer and the result was perfect ... on regular printer paper . However , when you printed on their label paper , the result was way off from the template . I , finally , gave up trying to coordinate my printer with their paper and threw the whole thing out .
 I purchased the item for someone in my office and while I am sure it will work fine , be warned there are actually only 30 CD labels in this kit . The rest of the over 100 labels are for the jewel case which we really do n't use in my office . Yes , there are front cover labels , spine labels ... it 's almost ridiculous that there are n't more actual CD labels . Had I know this , I would 've just purchased an applicator and large package of labels for not much more .
 Product is mislabeled . The product all works perfectly . I have no problems with that.When I purchased I thought I was getting 128 CD Labels . However it IS NOT 138 CD Labels.You Get
 Hardware is O.K. . The software is a disaster ! 138 labels ? that means all the jewel cover front , rear and spine labels . I think I got 20 actual dvd labels and after dealing with the software 10 were usable . Seriously , I just ordered some generic labels and am going the photo shop route . I would think Memorex could design some more user friendly or at least usable software but perhaps I was wrong .
 The disk it comes with to install the program on your computer is out dated ... . way out dated ... try Windows 98 , 2000 or XP , and the bad thing is it wont work with anything newer then that . I called Memorex and they sent me templates to use with Word and that doesnt work !!! Look for something with new software !!!
 I bought this at a retail store -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- looking for something to print labels for DVDs.On the front packaging it says `` CD & DVD '' and `` Design great looking CDS & DVDS '' in legible text . Also on the back it states in legible text the package includes `` 5 DVD labels '' . What I did n't notice until I got it home is the extremely small print on the back -LRB- so small I had to use a magnifying glass to read it -RRB- : `` Warning
 This product will not work an any OS used for Mac.Windows only ... . This is 2012 ! I do not recommend this product .
 Will not accommodate a CD in a slim jewel box . Not a useful size . For mailing CD 's find the next size up . Very thin .
 I bought this to help with my French studies prior to moving to Paris . I quickly discovered that the translations do NOT give you the gender of nouns . If you have ever studied French -LRB- or German , Italian , Spanish ... -RRB- , you know how important this is.If your intended use is trying to figure out the meaning of words on a sign or menu , this will serve you well . If you are trying to actually learn the language , look elsewhere.I will be returning this item .
 Okay ... i 'll admit I was sold by the translucent tangerine faceplate and the blinky lights . I was also sold by the fact that I could actually turn off the ringer -LRB- somthing not found in most of the cheap models -RRB- . The price is right ... it 's cheap and `` disposable '' . So ... it does the job and earns some stars.What the phone does n't do is why I it only gets 2 stars . Sure , you can set up options and language , BUT YOU CAN NOT SET THE TIME !!! Stupid . Waiting for a callerID call to set the time by is just silliness that is NOT explained in the manual . Duh.The sound quality is tin-box and the range is sub-standard . I WOULD NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE IF YOU HAVE A WI-FI BASE STATION . Seriously ... i could hear the `` tick-tick-tick '' background noise of my router over this phone . They are on the same frequency and simply do not play well together.Oh well ... it 's good enouh to throw in my garage and use as a spare just in case .
 This phone has the absolute WORST sound quality of any cordless phone I 've ever used . There is static and feedback . You can even hear an echo of your own voice back through the ear piece.On the plus side , the phone is really cool looking . The lights on it and the color are what drew me to it . I just knew that this was the phone for my daughter . I had high hopes for it as it matched my daughters new room really well . Even she does n't like talking on it.When an 8 year old can tell the sound quality is too bad to bother with , you know it is bad .
 The phone feels cheap , probably because it is . It looks pretty ugly , and , unless you 're looking for something kitschy or you 're a 12-year-old girl , the flashing LED lights do n't help . I was unable to adjust the volume on the the handset , even when I followed the procedures in the manual . Pressing the volume + / - buttons just caused the handset to beep LOUDLY in your ear but failed to produce any discernable difference in the volume . Long story short , do n't buy this . There must be something better , even at the low price .
 I bought 2 of these phones from Frys and they are horrible.The audio is not good . You barely hear properly and when you increase the volume to hear properly it makes a weird beep sound every time the voice pitch is high.The keypad sucks and if you have to use it as a touch tone phone when calling customer service to input your pin or other things it does not work at all . -LRB- ... -RRB- But i think it is not even worth paying for the sale tax .
 I purchased this phone recently and would not recommend it unless you like to see the `` dancing '' light display . Make sure that you have another phone close by to actually answer the phone because this phone is not usable . The volume is too low and if you adjust it upwards there is a terrible feedback noise . It is simply not worth your time or money !
 The sound quality is really bad . On top of that , the functions are tricky . I 'm usually great with manipulating phones , but this one is complicated . It looks great , but really that 's about it . : -LRB-
 I got this phone because they were offering a terrific rebate . The noise level was terrible and the phone starting making a loud whistling noise when you talked , so it was practically worthless . Even with the rebate , I paid way too much for the quality of this phone . I would definitely recommend choosing a different phone .
 The only thing good about this phone is the lights , our 10 month old loves it . The praises stop there . VERY Difficult to use , the sound is horrible , difficult to even make a call . I have 4 other phones by the same manufacturer and those work great , but this one is not worth the $ 2.99 AR that I paid for it . Do not waste your time or money unless you want a toy phone for the 10 month old .
 I hate this piece of crap . I dont call it as a phone . Its looks like toy . Never ever buy this phone . Voice quality is so bad that u can not listen to other side voice . It will give all kind of noise and low voice . If u increase the volume it will cry like a hell but will not increase volume . I am going to throw this phone to trash .
 These sharpies worked pretty fantastically until I capped them the first time . The tip dried up and now nothing else will get past the dry tip . The color is pretty great , when it works , though . Not really sure how to salvage these , so I just threw them out . Maybe there is a way to fix them , but I would n't buy them again .
 You will be very very sorry I you spend even $ .01 for this junk.I will bet you any amount that no one at Bell South owns this telephone.How could quality control allow this junk to be released to the marketplace . Apparently they are not experienced . Please , please do n't buy this phone or you will be very sorry you did . The sound is horrible and the one you are talking to think you are under water . I only answer it when I `` m near it but I do have other phones so I stay away from this junk . I ca n't wait for it to break so I can deliver it to it 's proper place . The garbage.You can not understand the people on the other end . YOU BETTER LISTEN TO ME . LET BELL SOUTH KEEP THIS JUNK . THEY NEED TO GO OUT OF BUSINESS IF THEY CA N'T PRODUCE BETTER PRODUCTS.THIS PRODUCT DESERVE NO STARS
 Very low volume even on highest setting . Constant static . Keypad does n't light up . Not very user friendly keypad .
 They need to make it clear that the base is not included and that it is no longer available . Just a misleading waste of time and money .
 Sharpie usually has such good products . Alas , not this one . Best description
 DARNED pleased that I will be loosing money because I will have to buy a handful of REAL padded envelopes to get me through the next week 's shipments . I used the same link from an order I placed last year for # 00 mailers -LRB- which were gorgeous Eco-Lite BUBBLE mailers via Amamax -RRB- , and this time I was directed here , and then sent CRUD -LRB- via `` A-Z Wireless Solutions '' / Best N Price -RRB- . The mailers are smaller , and give only the VAGUE IMPRESSION that they are lined with bubble wrap . There 's no air cushion whatsoever , they may as well have stuffed some Saran-Wrap in there and called it a day.Frustrated that I will have to return these , and wait on a new shipment ... from a different seller.It is far too confusing that links are redirected to products that ARE NOT THE SAME as ones that have been successfully purchased in the past . Annoyed to be loosing profit over unclear listings and multiple sellers .
 These are okay , but could use several improvements .1 -RRB- Make them brighter.As mentioned in other reviews , the colors are on the darker side .2 -RRB- Make them smaller.The tip and the mechanism that holds the tip are only in the bottom quarter of the highlighter . The button at the top and the extra space in the middle could be decreased in size . A highlighter 3/4 the size would fit in a lot more small pockets in backpacks .3 -RRB- Decrease the sound of the click.I like to click them closed while I 'm looking for the next part to highlight . It 's a habit that I have to consciously stop myself from doing to avoid annoying other people around me . Not sure if it can be done , but if the click can be muted even a little bit , that would help .
 The design of these highlighters leaves something to be desired . Long and bulky , the barrel of the marker resembles -LRB- and feels in the hand -RRB- like one of those plastic tubes that cigars come in . There is no grip and that makes using these pens uncomfortable when trying to highlight with the small nib.Though filled with `` Smear Guard '' ink , I still found that they still can smear -LRB- but not terribly -RRB- over a variety of different kinds of pens I tried . -LRB- Gel , ballpoint , fountain pen ink ... -RRB- It was worse if you went back and forth over the same area of writing - which you may have to do because the marker nibs are so thin.On thin paper , these highlighters bleed through . Some of the darker colors included in the set like the red , dark blue & magenta are too dark for use as a highlighter , but could be used for annotations.I did not find any difficulty or smearing when highlighting a sheet of paper printed with ink-jet inks , though i did not try on a freshly printed page.As I am a writer that frequently uses a fountain pen , I 'd love to find something that I can regularly use with water based fountain pen inks . I had hopes for these , but I guess I will have to revert to using dry crayon type highlighters .
 My wife owns just about every Sharpies product ever made so I jumped at the chance to try these accent markers . Unfortunately , one of the features that these markers are supposed to have is smudge free on any ink surface . I have a HP Photosmart inkjet printer and my wife got tons of streaking as well as absoprtion using these accent markers . She had printed some of her school lessons about 2 hours before using the Sharpie 's on them but the ink still smudged across the paper and some of the ink absorbed into the Sharpie . . Other documents worked fine but beware if you use an inkjet printer !
 I 'd never used Sharpie highlighters before . -LRB- STAEDTLER highlighters are usually my choice . -RRB- I bought the product solely because they are retractable highlighters . It is a feature I wished highlighters would have . So , I tried . The product serves its purpose . Very convenient and fun to use . But I am not impressed with its performance . The line is too thin and the ink dried out quickly after continuously used for about an hour . Some colors are too dark so I have to use them to underline texts instead . They are not terrible products but they are not my cup of tea . I definitely prefer STEADTLER highlighters than this product .
 I do n't think the convenience of the retractable feature is worth the price nor the limited time it actually stayed wet .
 I bought these highlighters thinking that because they are made by Sharpie they would be of good quality . I was disappointed in the fact that they did n't last very long at all . I used these to highlight in a text book . I was unable to stretch the yellow to do 1 chapter , it dried out very quickly . All told , these highlighters lasted less than a week . Next time I 'm going to be purchasing the liquid highlighters by Sharpie - they last much longer .
 Other reviews are right when they say these do n't smear and work well but these highlighters also run out incredibly quickly compared to other brands . If you 're someone who uses a highlighter every day , expect about 10 days out of each one .
 We did n't like these sharpies . The colors were ok , it needs a true purple instead of a pink and a magenta . The tips were uncomfortable to color or write with . We did , however , like that they are retractable . We tried them for a bit then gave them to the receptionist at school who was very happy to get them .
 Having used these highlighters for a couple months now , I have to change my review from its previous four-star rating down to two stars . For starters , although Sharpie advertises these as no smear , they DEFINITELY smear . I have an inkjet printer , and even two or three weeks after printing these highlighters will smear the printed ink , resulting in muddied colors that are n't bright and definitely do n't stand out.Secondly , I have to go back on what I initially wrote -- the colors are actually very dark . The more I use these , the less satisfied I am with the colors . I find only yellow , pink , and orange to be bright enough but the yellow chisel tip is unfortunately now black because of the printer ink and now when I use it , the color is more of a yellow-gray . For the other colors , you can absolutely still see the text underneath but I just do n't find the colors vibrant enough . ----------- OLD REVIEW -LRB- 9/6/10 -RRB- Unlike other reviewers who thought that the colors of the dark blue and magenta were too dark to read the text underneath , I found the highlighters to be bright and work great . I have purchased purple Sharpie highlighters in the past which were VERY dark and nearly impossible to read the text , so these are great.My only problem with them is that they 're very long , about an inch longer than the average pen/Sharpie highlighter . I wish they were a little more standard-sized , as they are a tight squeeze in my pencil case .
 My issue is not with the operation of the machine but rather with the warranty , service and parts availability . I do service work for a large corporation and got in a unit that was purchased about one month ago . As will happen , the operator put in too many cover sheets and it bound up . The overload bent the stripper plate which , in turn , was binding against the punch plate . Overloading voids the warranty so I went ahead and worked on it . I got it working by bending the stripper plate back but decided the fix should be temporary and tried to order a replacement part . This review is the result of my conversations with four different GBC and ACCO representatives.This binding machine costs $ 500 + and comes with a one year limited warranty . If a defective unit is in warranty then it is simply exchanged . THERE IS * NO * SERVICE AND THERE ARE NO PARTS AVAILABLE FOR THESE UNITS . My understanding is that this policy applies to all of the current GBC office binding products . Again , OVERLOADING THE PUNCH VOIDS THE WARRANTY.As far as GBC is concerned , this one month old , $ 500 + comb binding machine is now damaged beyond repair and the owners should purchase another one . Note that the stripper plate is nothing more than a thick piece of sheet metal with holes punched in it . I would expect it to cost no more than $ 1.00 to manufacture and no more than $ 30 as a replacement part . It 's lack of availability makes makes no sense in light of the fact that just two months ago I was able to purchase parts for a discontinued five year old GBC C400e CombBind machine.I could see purchasing this machine if you are the sole user . I can not recommend this unit for an office where there 's no control over who uses it . You can assume that at some point within the expected 3-5 year life , someone is going to be in a hurry , overload it , and leave you with an expensive recyclable .
 This item did not meet my expectations . The call forwarding volume was very low and the answering machine did not hang up when someone choose not to leave a message . I do n't recommend this !
 I bought this so I could mount my PC under my CNC table just to give myself some maneuverability and more floor space.First off the instructions were very good , clear with good images and concise verbiage.Adjustability was nice and simple to do , but that is about all the good I can say about this CPU holder.If your case is not perfectly rectangular or square , you will have fitment issues . My case is the Tempest Evo Enthusiast and it did not fit on the holder very well at all . The `` CPU Stop '' and `` Lower Bracket '' were just not wide enough to give the computer tower any support.I could have lived with it being a bit off kilter , but what bothered me was after just 30 minutes the entire unit had tilted/bent to one side . It says it is rated for 60lbs , my computer only weighs in the mid 30s , so I ca n't imagine having any larger or heavier computer on this holder.Maybe if you have a perfectly square computer that weighs less then 30 pounds , this might work for ya . But for me , it did n't cut the mustard one bit . I have sent it back and am now on the search for a better built and stronger CPU holder.Pros : Well priced.Good instructions.Cons : Will not support any computer that is the least bit out of square , i.e. if you have a gaming computer case.Started to bend after 30 minutes with a 30-40 pounds computer -LRB- it 's rated for 60 -RRB- .
 This phone looks reasonably good in appearance and on paper except that not much really works ... hands-free feature never worked and after a week even with the new batteries , the LCD only works when you pick up the receiver , which makes all the other cool features like calculator pretty useless . Plus it resets it 's calendar eveytime i hangup a phone call .
 I bought this phone because of the `` great specs '' ; calculator , calendar , clock , speaker , caller id , it got it all . It worked great for about 8 months and now I can hardly dial out . The numbers in the middle section -LRB- 2 , 5 , 8 , and 0 -RRB- are completely dysfunctional , so the calculator wo n't work either . Dialing out is a real nightmare ; the keys get either stuck , dial doubles , or simply do n't work . It takes at least 10 tries to just dial a number . So buy this phone only if you like to change systems every year , if you ONLY receive calls , or just do n't need to dial 2 , 5 , 8 or 0 . I know ... it 's only a $ 10 bucks ' phone !!!
 I purchased this phone and it was defective . Amazon has been great to work with . They offered to let me return it ... but I decided to send it back to Uniden to get it repaired . They made me pay to ship it back and then sent me a bill for the repair and the cost to ship it back to me . After 30 minutes on hold I was told they would pay to ship it back to me , but would not cover the cost since it was refurbished . I only sent the item back because their customer service department told me they would fix it.I would NOT buy this or any Uniden product . Thank goodness Amazon is so easy to work with at least I 'm not going to be stuck with a brand new phone that never worked .
 Just wonderinf I would like 2 of them . Are they doublesided ? and do they come in a package of 2 ? ThanksLiza A
 I am no longer a fan of `` re-manufactured '' products . I recieved a jumble of three phones and a base unit heaped together and shrink wrapped then taped to a piece of cardboard . The instruction booklet had been poorly copied , stapled together and is missing 4 numbered pages . I expected a little more pride in product from Panasonic . The hand sets show wear and Ifelt the need to clean them simply for hygene purposes . I will be replacing them soon and it will not be with a Panasonic product !
 The photo shows multi-color tabs , while fine print states clear tabs.They ship just clear tabs , rather than the displayed multi-colored tabs.Avoid hassles , do business elsewhere .
 The phone is cute and worked fine for about two weeks . The top part of the phone that allows you to hang up broke off when I was answering it . Now the phone is nothing more than a decoration item . Not built to be used for any length of time .
 My phone had problems soon after purchase . It starts having trouble registering with base and tech support is not much help
 I like the item , because of the small amount of space it takes up . However , it 's annoying to have to constantly reset it when the lights go out . Sometimes I think the alarm is set and it is not . I really would not recommend this item to anyone .
 When I received this item , it became apparent that it required a separate base station to operate the phone . That would have to be another purchase that I did not anticipate . No where in the advertisement did it state that this was an extension of another item.I was able to return the item but the cost of shipping both from and to the seller was expensive .
 I bought this item twice and received the wrong item each time , thru no fault of the merchant . Amazon merged the incorect listings A 4 hole commercial stop with a 3 hole wood door stop . Creating a bad customer and merchant experience when the wrong product was delivered . Shame on you Amazon , quit playing constantly changing wiki products .
 This black-lacquer wooden laptop stand is more attractive in real life than it is in the photo , and it works well enough . The reason for the poor rating is that my unit was assembled with a great excess of glue , and when I opened the package I found a big gob of glue pooled up on one side of the the stand . I was able to wash away the pooled glue but it took a lot of time . I then left the unit to dry for a few weeks . When I started using it , however , the weight of the laptop caused yet more glue to ooze out of the stand 's innards , which led to new rounds of washing and drying . I have kept the stand and am using it now as I type , but the enticing price -LRB- under $ 20 when I bought it -RRB- was hardly worth the trouble it has given me .
 My first negative review was mysteriously deleted . Makes you wonder how StampXpress only has positive feedback . I ordered a 6 line stamp and received an 8 line stamp . The first response from the company said that it was n't their fault and that it was Amazon 's for listing the product incorrectly . At the same time they made me feel like it was my fault for ordering it to begin with . They only told me that they would get on fixing their listing and no word on how to resolve my issue . So I wrote back probing for additional information of the difference -LRB- font , size , etc. -RRB- of the 6 line and 8 line stamps and how to return the item without me having to pay for it -LRB- since it was not my fault I received the wrong product -RRB- . Days later I finally get a response back , from another person , going on and on about how things are listed on Amazon , price differences on all kinds of stamps , and information on different stamps that I could care less about . So what they were trying to tell me was that I should be happy to have received the wrong product . Additionally , they refused to pay for the shipping fees to return the merchandise . On top of that , they were pretty much accusing me of using the stamp and trying to return it because I told them the the package arrive opened and damaged . This meaning they stuck the item in a padded -LRB- 1/4 '' bubble -RRB- envelope and threw it in the mail . On arrival the packed was smashed causing the corner of the packaging to come undone . I am not happy with the product and I am certainly not happy with the customer service .
 I 've had the Panasonic KX-TG2000B for years with eight handsets through out the house and was looking to upgrade . Received this Kx-TH112S base unit , installed it with minimal set-up , that was good . The signal quality however was horrible . So we get the handsets from Amazon 's vendor , eek Technology , I install one of the eight units and try it for a few days . Base unit is in the kitchen , my gym is in the garage , neither handset has a decent signal , all crackly , people I am talking to complain about not hearing me . Then I go to do the return only to read the fine print from eek that says they do n't take back opened units ! Based on this alone I would not suggest buying anything from eek ! Glad I only opened one . We 'll see if they take them all back . I 'll be even more irritated if I have to pay for a phone I am not happy with plus the $ 63 dollar freight bill to me and then the freight back !
 I was fairly happy with the phone until the base unit quit working.The good news is that it failed before the 1-year warranty expired , so I will get a replacement for the cost of shipping the telephone to the service center.The bad news is that the quality of Panasonic 's telephones seems to be dropping over time . I bought this phone to replace a KX-TG2740 which had begun to fail , but was still usable for short conversations.I doubt that I will buy another Panasonic telephone unless their quality improves significantly .
 I have had this unit for about a month . Pana sent me a second base station because my BT Moto E815 refuses to link to the phone even though it states explicitly that the E815 is compatible . The E815 links to my laptop just fine.Pana support stinks . I called twice and two times I suffered through the rep reading the manual to me . After an hour she said to return the phone to the repair dept. I called sales and they shipped a new one right away ... same problem . On the second support call they escalated the issue and no one even returned my call.If you do n't want the BT/cell capability buy the 5.8 gHz model because other than this issure the phone great .
 The technical details on this page state this is a 5.8 Ghz phone , which would make sense given its bluetooth capable and most users may have a wireless network in the house . As you are probably aware 5.8 Ghz does n't interfere with networks they way 2.4 does as 2.4 is the same frequency that WI-FI operates on . But if you look down to the actual product description -LRB- or on Panasonic 's website -RRB- it states the phone is 2.4 Ghz , which will render this phone useless if used within range of WI-FI and may render your WI-FI network inoperable . Not often you see a design flaw of this magnitude .
 I spent some money on these pens hoping that they would be of `` better quality '' than your average pen , since I was going to be taking so many notes . I wasted my time . All of the negative reviews are accurate . Does not write smoothly at all .
 I wanted a few good gel pens , and bought these on the strength of the uniball brand name . I regret this decision now , due to the poor writing these pens do . Yes , they function , but so far the one I have is worse than a usual cheapo BIC . It 's scratchy , inconsistent , and will occasionally leave where I have just written completely blank . If you are looking for a nice ink pen , look elsewhere .
 I do n't know how I got bargained into buying these horrible pens , but these are THE WORST GEL PENS THAT I EVER OWNED . I actually got a 2-pack for 1 dollar at Walgreens , but it was n't worth it . I am so annoyed by these pens that I wrote a review on amazon to tell people not to get tricked into buying these terrible pens.Pros : - Look nice and grip is good.-I got a 2 pack for 1 dollarCons : - They only write on a perfectly hard leveled surface otherwise the ink skips on soft or wrinkled paper,etc-Once it skips , it makes the indentation , making it impossible to fill in with the same pens . I have used 10 cent pens that will fill in the indentation it skipped while the Uni-ball would n't . Because of those two flaws , it makes it the most aggravating pen I ever used . If you decide to buy this pen because of the savings , YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !
 These pens might look good and write well for a short time , but there is a shockingly small amount of ink in each one . Uni-ball should be ashamed of itself for selling these pens with such a small amount of ink .
 It is not very comfortable to write on these ball-pens . It is not very smooth at all . And I think I write very ugly using this ball pen . I do not recommend it , and the price is fairly high .
 Upon using the first pen in my three pack I was ecstatic with how smoothly these pens wrote . Then half way into a word they would stop writing and instead leave a trace mark of the letters in my paper , with no ink . It would do this a few lines per page , so I began to think maybe its the paper . It was n't . I tried other pens on the same pages and they wrote consistently . As all the other reviewers have said , that gave this one star , it likes to stop working , and that 's the truth . It is extremely frustrating to be a college student and having messy haphazard notes because of a ill-made pen .
 I got these pens for their security features but I found that these are very jealous pens . When you first get them they write wonderfully with very smooth and silky ink flows . If you put them into a drawer for week or so they will feel jealous and neglected and will not write well . Neglect them again and use other pens they will become very jealous and refuse to write at all . I have had over 10 of these pens in different colors and every one has stopped working after using only a small fraction of the available ink . All standard methods to revive the beginning relationship with its smooth and flowing line failed miserably .
 Terrible pen . When you have to go back and re-write a few letters out of each word because your pen just would n't write , you know you have a terrible product .
 I ca n't tell you why , but half the time these pens do n't work well for me . Maybe its because I do n't use them regularly and the ink dries . Maybe it 's my writing style . For whatever reason , sometimes these are smooth for me , sometimes they are only marginally better than cheap bic pens that are 1/10th the price .
 These pens do n't work . The ink does n't flow well , and you find yourself missing half of your strokes by the time you finish writing and look at what you wrote . I am so disappointed in these pens . I will not buy them again ...
 I bought a box and they run out of ink very quickly . I always lose pens long before they run out of ink . Not these . They are empty in a few weeks .
 I was disappointed with this product . I bought it because I wanted to have a pen that would write as soon as I picked it up every time . When the pens arrive they have a tiny cover over the tip so the first time you use it it does write immediately , however the cover is not reusable so if the pen then sits idle for a while , you have to scribble it for a bit before it will work . Perhaps I 'm expecting too much.The second and more serious problem though , already two of the pens have broken . I am a fidgeter , but I 'm not that mean to writing utensils , I 've never had a mechanical pencil break on me , however these pens ca n't withstand my fidgeting . As another reviewer described , the very top of the pen breaks and comes out of the pen , so the whole thing becomes unusable .
 I love the looks of this pen but when you press down to write , the top pops off . This pen writes nice if you hold the top part down.The company must have quality control issues and I got a reject -LRB- 4 pack -RRB- . Too bad .
 This pen looks beautiful but I 've had terrible luck with these gel pens , including having brand new pens failing to deliver any ink , leaking pens , and gel ink only coming out intermittently from the tip . Based on my experiences with Uniball gel pens , I would never buy or use this product again . For gel pens , I prefer the super reliable and quality tip and feel of the Pilot G2 -LRB- I prefer the bold to the fine tip -RRB- . Even the Bic Velocity Gel Pen is better pen than the Uniball .
 The retractable tip is nice but a common feature . As is the comfort grip . The reality is , this is a pen . As a pen its sole function is to put ink on the page and this pen fails to do this . After the first 2 pens failed to write a consistent line I went to the third . My pages were full of ink-less indentations and angry ink-less scribbles on the margins . If I had to rely on this pen for anything that would be viewed by other professionals I certainly would n't have moved on to the 2nd or 3rd in the pack but chunked them into the trash at an even bigger . It is unbelievable that Uni-ball does n't have better quality control over there products than this . A total waste of money , I would never buy these again and in fact tell others not to buy them quite regularly .
 After much research , I landed on this pen for my office . It does write extremely smoothly and evenly.HOWEVER , after a few weeks of use , the top of the cylinder cracks and the `` clicking '' mechanism begins to pop-out making the pen unusable . That said , you wo n't have much use for the refills , since it is the pen itself that breaks .
 These pens came highly recommended , and I am entirely disappointed . The ink is inconsistent -- guaranteed that one + letter in every sentence will be missing ink . I discovered the Sarasa Zebra 0.7 for even less cost , and this pen never has hiccups -- will be ordering a box of those instead .
 Frankly I 'm shocked by the positive reviews on these . Remember the erasable pens from the 80s ? Well these write worse.At first glance I was pleased -- they felt solid , comfortable , nice grip , contemporary looking . Its when I started writing that sad truth became apparent . The first three pens I tried did not wrete out of the package -LRB- s -RRB- . I had to shake them to get the ink flowing . And once it did the coverage was very spotty -- to the point where I could n't finish a sentence without having to go back and redraw parts . I thought maybe it was a bad pack but the others were the same.I 've been suffering through these for a year now , writing on all different kinds of papers/surfaces and I still get terrible ink flow . Not just disappointing -- about 10 % of the words are illegible and I have to scribble on a notepad every 30 seconds to restart the ink.I 'm only giving them 2 stars because I at least liked the way the `` feel '' . But I 've since thrown out all the ink cartridges/tips and replaced them with the insides of dirt cheap papermates -LRB- which was a huge improvement , though sadly no credit to Uniball -RRB- .
 the file folder would have been great if the elastic was n't cheap and easy to break . very good design but very poor quality elastic .
 I have several expanding portfolios in the same color from various companies . This expanding file doesnot open wide at the bottom . If you plan to cram a lot of receipts in each divided pocket , forget it . The cost is more than other expanding files of the same color and type .
 I purchased this chair and everything seemed great until one week later . The seat cushion went flat . They must use some low grade foam within the seat because now it is flat and hard .
 This is really not a review since I never received the correct product I ordered from Amazon . This is more of a review of Amazon itself which did not deliver as promised . The item I received was half of a functional unit , I ordered the correct item and received another half of a unit , an oversight Amazon blamed on their supplier . Now I have 2 nonfunctional items , and still have to go to the trouble of returning them to chase down a refund and order the correct item , etc. . NOT HAPPY . I have spent my money and time and still have zip . Amazon will definitely not be the first supplier I go to in the future .
 The box it came in claims it can hold up to 1pound -LRB- 450grams -RRB- which is a blatant lie . It ca n't even hold a nickel -LRB- 5grams -RRB- on a wall ! This is like the generic version of Blue tack , and they cost the same too .
 I bought this to hold up a simple 2 ` X3 ' poster and After using a full stick on one poster they still fall off after about 1-2 weeks , pretty crappy poster putty , maybe I got a bad pack but just use thumbtacks , might not look as good but 4 of those suckers will hold the poster up forever .
 It loses it 's stick . Dries up and falls off the wall within days . The blue stuff is better and costs the same .
 Ok , So I bought this to hang up my posters . So I hung up a Natalia Kills poster and 2 smaller Lady Gaga and 11 by 17 movie poster . It worked perfectly . So then I tried it on a large Final Destination poster and a kesha poster . I came back minutes later and both had fallen . So , i thought I had n't used enough , so i put more on . 2 minuteslater both fell . That pissed me off . I just spent 4 bucks so my posters can fall . You ca n't even return it once you open it , so dont even attempt it .
 I bought this thinking it would be a good way to hold a paper map on the wall in my sons room . Except every time he touched it , the map fell down . After 4 times rehanging I gave up and used tried and true push pins .
 WITHIN MOMENTS OF PLACING ALL OF THIS ON THE BACK OF A LIGHTWEIGHT DRY EARSE BOARD , THE PUTTY LET GO AND THE BOARD FELL TO THE FLOOR . I WOULD SAY THE PUTTY IS NOT REALLY ADHESIVE , BUT MORE LIKE PLAY DOUGH . A GOOD IDEA THAT DOES NOT WORK .
 I tried to use this to hang some maps on my son 's wall . It stuck for about 45 minutes and then peeled off . I do n't think it is just this brand or the specific type of wall , since I had the same experience once before . I just think you need to take the claims that putty is the solution to your poster hanging issues with a few grains of salt - it 's not so effective .
 I used the blue sticky tack Freshman year for a lot of posters and never once had a problem . This semester , using the white scotch stuff , my posters fall on my head in the middle of the night ... often multiple times . I 'm a bit fed up with that . The quality of this tack is so atrocious compared to the blue putty which is the same price ! I just popped on here to get myself some blue putty , saw this product for sale , felt an intense rage build in me -LRB- this was a night when my poster fell on my head multiple times -RRB- , and had to write a review . So , I 'm off to buy some good tack . -LRB- Hint , not this stuff -RRB-
 This stuff is garbage . It does n't adhere well to anything and it is n't pliable . I tried to heat it up by rolling it in my hands , thinking that would solve the problem , but it did n't . GET THE BLUE STUFF !
 Initially this putty held up my posters and I was happy with it , but within a couple of days they were all falling down -LRB- I had put a LOT of putty on each one -RRB- . I think it was probably due to fluctuations in humidity , but either way I was disappointed . I 've since used Command poster strips and have had no problems with that product . My advice is to skip the putty , or at least use a different brand that holds stronger .
 This putty just does n't have enough elasticity . Poster board , paper and the like inevitable fall down ... especially if it is exposed to cold temperatures ... and it does n't matter if a large or small amount is used .
 I used to use the command strips and now it 's clear why I did . This putty is absolutely atrocious . It has damaged $ 40 in posters just from its inability to stick to any surface for longer than 30 seconds . The fact that this is even sold anywhere is baffling .
 Bic makes good pens but this one is n't . My problems with it :1 . The line is too bold for me . Which is a personal preference .2 . The bigger problem I have with it is the rubber grip is too thick making it uncomfortable to hold .
 This pen ruined my favorite pair of shorts ! Seriously.Yes , it writes nicely , although maybe a little too fluidly.But it has a tiny cap that does n't snap on as easily as most gel pens I have used . I much prefer my old Pentel Engergel . I had only bought the bic z4 + because I was at a store that did not sell the Pentel brand.I have been using gel pens for my current job for over 6 years and the following has never happened until I used the bic z4 + : This Z4 + ended up destroying my favourite pair of shorts , because the cap had not snapped on properly . And even though the pen was not `` leaking , '' per se -LRB- it was not broken -RRB- , it still leaks if you have the cap off and it is pressing against something . In this case , that something was the bottom of my pocket.It ended up leaking all over my pocket . When I got home my leg was black underneath my shorts . I could n't believe how much it leaked , especially considering the pen had not broken ! I could n't fully get the stain out with the two kinds of stain removers i tried in two seperate washes . And unfortunately the stain removers faded my shorts . Or one of them did . So I 'm not too happy with Bic right now . Or Oxiclean & Spray n Wash Oxymax -LRB- the two stain removers i tried -RRB- . Grr ! I wonder if i can sue Bic over this?If you think you can be really careful to make sure the cap is always on , then by all means use this pen , but otherwise I would use the Pentel Energel.Pentel EnerGel Deluxe RTX Gel Ink Pens , 0.7 Millimeter Metal Tip , Black Ink , 3-Pack -LRB- BL77BP3A -RRB-
 I guess I did n't read the fine print . I should have gotten it from the official website . I got a USED but paid for a NEW price plus shipping . Just be careful these days . Here is the real website -LSB- ... -RSB- Good Luck !
 You can not talk more than 10 feet away from the base , if you live near power lines .
 I bought this shredder for my office . Just under 1 year it started getting temperamental in that it would stop shredding . I called Fellowes and they instructed me on how to clean the paper sensors and said that they will periodicly get blocked with paper dust . Well unfortunately , the situation has not improved unless I clean them after each use . I had much better luck with my previous shredder that was considerably less expensive and was manufactured by a company that does not specialize in shredders . Save your money and buy a less expensive one that will last longer .
 Be advised , the warranty is no good . Fellowes will not honor their warranty . I tried twice already . It does n't matter what story you have . They find some excuse to get out of it . Do n't bother paying to ship the heavy thing back , they will just deny your claim and try to charge you to send something that does n't work back to you .
 While I like the pen -LRB- I 've had several over the years -RRB- , I do NOT like JBHines as the seller . They shipped my order of 3 pens promptly and they arrived undamaged . However , I bought these for gift purposes , and I happen to know that when they leave the Fisher Space Pen factory they are in `` moonscape '' gift boxes with a publication about the history of the pens . When I received these pens , though , from JBHines , the three pens were simply rolled up in cheap bubblewrap , without even a package , so I had to purchase other gift boxes to use , and had no information to include for my friends . In the future , I will order my fisher pens directly from the factory -LRB- spacepen -LRB- DOT -RRB- com .
 I 'm of the mentality that when I buy something , it should last a long , long time . After about a year of use , I started to notice the audio cutting in and out intermittently . I diagnosed this to be a bad connection and resoldered the joints in the handset . This did not fix the problem ; seems like the only thing that works now is the whacking method.Recently , I 've been able to hear interference from my neighbors ' garage doors opening and closing . Or maybe that 's just a coincidence , and I hear random static ? In either case , it 's unacceptable.So , if you plan on getting a new phone within the next few years , go ahead and get the Sony for now . But do n't say I did n't warn you .
 I bought a Creative Products Computer Lap Desk -LRB- identical to the one shown , except it is hunter green -RRB- in a local mall and noticed that my computer tended to move on the surface . Once , when I shifted position , it nearly slid off and onto the floor ! Examining the desk , I noticed that the plastic surface was convex and that the four rubber feet on my laptop computer were not touching . Very risky placing a $ 3500 computer on this thing .
 I found this set at the local art store with the price $ 94.00 something , so when I found this on Amazon with 54.99 I was really happy to buy it . However , the order arrived today and I 'm totally disappointed , well not because of the quality of the pastel but the condition they are in . Lots of them were broken in pieces , yeah I mean pieces , not broken just in haft or three . I just wondered that is it because of the packaging or u just get what u pay for ? Pastel is soft and easy to break , and for this set they come in a cardboard box , not the metal tin one , so I just do n't understand why amazon.com do n't put it into a box with some protections around instead of just wrapping a piece of cardboard around them then ship for a long way . Totally disappointed with this . I really thought that I would never go wrong with amazon inc. . Now I DO .
 Apparently after messing with it for more than 5 hours , I finally get a hold of tech support to discover that it is not Compatible with Windows Vista . Be Warned because it does not say this on the item description and specs . Nor does it say this on the product due to the fact that this was created while XP was the latest version of windows.Oh and they have no intention of updating their drivers and will refuse to reimburse you for the product . Perhaps the Amazon seller will but the company that made it wo n't . Buyer Beware !
 Poor sound quality & first one would n't charge . Replaced by Amazon -LRB- great customer service -RRB- . Second one shuts off every time handset is opened . Giving up & returning it .
 I ca n't imagine what kind of company would provide a listing without a photo , while this item may be exactly what I need , without a photo this listing is about as useless as a 500lb bowling ball . Retailers get this hint , no photo means no sale ... PS I have n't purchased this item because of the above reasons , just thought someone needs to know ...
 Do n't be fooled - while this pen does have the same plasmium grip that all of Sensa 's offerings feature , this is not a true Sensa pen in terms of quality . If you 're looking for a good pen , skip this one . Everything in this pen is plastic , and it feels absolutely cheap . I have a more expensive one , and it is amazing ; I just ended up giving this away .
 These pens arrived in a padded envelope on a hot summer day . I opened the package to remove the pens , only to find my hands covered in goo ! Initially I thought that the grip material had melted in the heat of my mailbox , but after reading the other reviews here it seems that is not the case . I 'm going to try to wash them , but as of now they are unusable because of the gooey/greasy residue they leave on whatever touches them . Ugh !
 I handwrite a lot for work and I write fast . This pen does n't keep up . I think the design is flawed . Where you twist the pen to open and close it is too close to where you grip it to write , so it keeps twisting closed while I 'm trying to write . It 's very irritating.I 've had other Sensa pens -LRB- granted , they cost way more than this one -RRB- , where the twist mechanism is at the very top of the pen and that 's a way better design because it wo n't twist closed when you write . I can not use this pen for anything more than short notes , grocery lists , etc. . It does n't serve the purpose for writing a lot or writing fast .
 I have an old Sensa pen I bought close to 15 years ago that I love . When I found out Sensa pens were n't being made any more and I saw these on Amazon for such a low price I ordered 2 . When I received them they both seemed to be leaking a gooey substance from the gel grip . I could n't wash this substance off of the pens and it made the pens unusable . There is no stickiness at all with my old Sensa . I returned them both for a refund from Amazon . At least Amazon returns are easy !
 After spending about 10 minutes trying to unwrap the 2 pens I bought , I was very disappointed in the grip being so sticky . I tried washing it off and that did n't work . I question the authenticity of this pen and I am very disappointed in these overall . I even questioned whether or not these were used . Overall , I will probably just throw them in the junk drawer and shop elsewhere for a quality Sensa pen and seller .
 I heard that 's these pens are really nice to have , so I figured that I would buy one and try it out . The pen was everything everyone said it would be ... However it came with a big fold in the plastic -LRB- like it was a manufacturer defect -RRB- . Other than the looks being flawed on my pen , it works good .
 This pen is ridiculously low quality . I have no idea how someone could justify spend any amount of dollars on this pen , or even cents for that matter . Just like the rest of the reviewers , I received my pens covered in `` gel '' with an accompanying letter explaining it was deliberate and done in hopes that I would enjoy it ? That has got to be the lamest excuse from a company for a mix-up like this . I am extremely unsatisfied with my purchase even though I paid notably less for my pens from a site other than Amazon . I can only be upset with myself for buying from a site with an unreliable return policy and horrible customer service -LRB- tanga.com -RRB-
 I ordered this magazine rack for one of our bathrooms . When it arrived , I was disappointed as 2 of the wires were badly bent . I decided not to get a replacement because the whole construction is pretty flimsy , not worth $ 30 on sale -LRB- maybe $ 10-15 max -RRB- . I just do n't see how you can use this shelf on a daily basis without shaking/moving the whole rack while getting your magazines out or putting them back .
 These marker pens are fine point , but because they are markers , they bleed to a font about the size of a normal fine point . I was looking for something that would cut my paper because it was so fine , and this did not satisfy me . They also bleed on my hands . There appears to be a hole next to the tip that I cover with my finger when I write . This causes some sort of pressure issue that makes my thumbs black . If you want MARKER pens , then this is for the fine point enthusiast . If you want to scratch your paper , then get a ball point . Rated 2 stars because of the bleeding issue on hands .
 For whatever reason , they made the pen tip weaker on these than the original version and it snaps off a lot . The pen is almost useless then . Also the cap is so tight its a real effort to get it off whenever you want to write
 When I first got these pens , I was in love . I go to college , so I 'm constantly writing notes , and after about my 3rd class , the pen ink disappeared . I thought I was going mad , but I peered at it , and sure enough , the ink was pushed inside of the pen . So I had to toss them out . I bought a 20 packer too ! Totally disappointed with Pilot !
 great pen ! what the reviews say about the qualities of the pen are accurate . however , do n't be duped ! The description says that it 's a pack of 12 pens and that 's why I ordered this product ! when it arrived , however , there was one lonely pen in the package ! seems like a scam to me !
 I used a LOT of Size 5 -LRB- 10.5 16 -RRB- Mailers all the time for my eBay auctions . These are so far the most disappointing . These envelopes are very narrow and were unable to fit my items that would usually fit in a Size 5 . With certain brands such as Office Depot , the item fits perfectly . Other brands that I have found on Amazon such as Ecolite will require me to modify the envelope a little bit to make the item fit . These mailers , however , do not fit at all . It seems that the dimensions stated are the external dimensions of the mailer rather than the internal so you do not get as much space as you would with another # 5 mailer.Quality-wise , these mailers are n't the worst I 've encountered . The quality of the paper and bubble padding is pretty good quality and I would n't expect tears or punctures from it . If you need a couple Size 5 envelopes but are n't worried about the size of your items , these are OK . However , if space is really an issue for you and you need 10.5 x 16 INTERNAL dimensions , these will not serve your purpose.Returned for a refund .
 I had my phone for one year now the first two months the phone was great I loved it . Then the trouble starting happening I would be in the middle of talking on the phone and the phone would start searching for no reason I 'm sitting right next to the base I just took it off the charger so there was no reason for that . That happenes pretty much all the time now . Then somedays I ca n't even use my speaker phone the phone just goes blank when I press it nothing happens . The phone does n't hold a charge either any more . I 've wrote the company and they never got back with me . I thought I just got a bad phone and I was going to return it and get the same phone again thinking that just something was wrong with this one . My sister also brought the same phone she had hers maybe three weeks when it starting acting up so she took her 's back and tried another one the same thing it was searching all the time going dead no matter how long it was on the charger for . I would n't buy any GE phones again because of this problem . I have a cheaper phone that I got for 20 and it is 100 times better then these phones . The answering part of it is great but the phone it self sucks . And the fact that GE did n't even get back with me about this phone makes me even hate there stuff even more . I thought that they would have done something to help with this problem . This phone needs to be pulled off the market it 's that bad . No you can go to wal-mart and get this phone for 25 dollars I think the reason is because they where having so many problems with this phone .
 Do yourself a favor . Do not buy this piece of JUNK !!! I had this phone for only a year and a half and the ringer just stopped working . I called GE 's customer service and you know what their advice was ? `` Buy a new phone sir '' . Well ... i surely wo n't be purchasing another GE phone . Steer clear of GE Phones .
 I wrote a review here almost two years ago , stating how I 've had this product for almost a year and I have n't had any problems with it.Well , it 's year two -LRB- Dec 2008 -RRB- and there is not a single phone out of the 4 I have that has n't had a problem . Three of them now have an unreadable display and one of them randomly turns off . It 's not a battery problem , as I 've replaced all of them recently . Also , the quality of the speakerphones have degraded to the point where you ca n't use them anymore . You can hear the other party fine , but when you talk , they only hear a crackle.To top it off , I got a wireless internet router a couple years ago , and this thing operates on a similar frequency ! When I use the phone while I 'm downloading , the download slows to less than 1/3 the speed and you hear an annoying crackle on the phone .
 i followed the usage directions on my shredder . it worked fine for 3 weeks and then jammed and i could not free the paper . i no longer have it and went to another product . i believe that usuallly the fellow shredders i have used have worked better and were been better built . i believe that it is a lighter duty than i expected .
 I have owned this phone for awhile . The range is worse than my 900 MHz phone and the battery cover keeps slipping off . Good look and feel to it but that 's it .
 This Motorola phone is light weight and nice to grip , but the `` mute '' button is in the WRONG place . If you have any hint of cheek bones , you will constantly be pressing against the `` mute '' button and sending your talker into the land of aloneness . You then have to take the phone away from your ear to see where to press it , this time with your finger , to get your talker back who has been oblivious the whole time and talking away . A terrible design . The range does n't seem that great either , basically the same as my 900 hz -LRB- or whatever -RRB- phone from before . Probably worth it to invest more $ for a better phone .
 Speaking as one who has owned this phone for over a year , I ca n't believe the high score it has here . OK , the styling is slick , and sad to say that was the main reason I was suckered into buying it - the person who designed the case should get an art award or something.And it has all the right features a simple wireless phone should have
 Not being a pro photographer , I 'd opted for this paper for a 8.5 x 11 color photo of myself to be sent to my stroke rehabbing son in another state . I was amazed at the texture of the finished product and the color saturation it allowed . Thanks for a great product . The transaction was impeccable as well .
 The description is misleading when it describes hard wood and hand carved details . The swivel mechanism seems too be of good quality . Everything that looks like wood is plastic . It looks cheap , cheap , cheap . This is now the single most unattractive item in my home . Perhaps I am picky , so I have asked several people for their opinions . Everyone agrees it looks awful . There are also complaints it is uncomfortable . I will return it . I could probably have purchased an item that would be much better for the costs of shipping this 2 ways . This is my worst ever on line shopping mistake .
 I have a wireless microsoft mouse 7000 . It has a little problem with the laser on the black part of the mouse pad .
 Very good looking mouse pad , but not usable . There is too much friction between my Logitech mouse and this mouse pad . Covering the bottom of the mouse with tape helped , but did not solve the problem . As much as I wanted this to work , I have to return it .
 I have this phone and have purchased about 8 of the corded version -LRB- IBM 412CID -RRB- over time as one by one they have failed . Here are the problems : -LRB- 1 -RRB- After about a year , buttons -- like `` hold '' , `` line 1 '' , etc. -- start to go dead on the phone . -LRB- 2 -RRB- There is something strange about the electronics because occasionally , for no apparent reason , the telephone will pick up on speakerphone , so that you find a dialtone blaring into an empty room . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Sometimes the cordless version will insist it has a low battery even though the battery is fully charged . There is an arcane procedure in the manual to fix this . -LRB- This may account for the other reviewers ' comment about dead batteries . -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- Generally , it is very hard to use and program . You have to punch in an amazing number of codes to do simple things like changing the ringer . -LRB- 5 -RRB- The phone is stupid about basic things link disconnecting if you hang up -- you have to push `` End '' or it stays connected even on the cradle , and if you put someone on hold and pick up in another room , the original phone will keep ringing to remind you that someone was once on hold .
 I ordered one through Amazon.com , but when I received it I could n't charge the battery -LRB- left it there for 15 hours -RRB- . Then I returned it and asked for another one . Amazon.com was nice enough to send me another one 2nd day delivery at no charge , but UPS was not good enough and delivered the item to me after 7 working days !!! The new one has exactly the same problem . The handset is DEAD . The battery is not charging at all and it seems this IBM-4900 caused me enough problems to the point where I think I will return this one ; go to an electronic shop and will pay double but I WONN ' T BUY IBM again !!!
 I got this phone for the telephone company voice mail indicator , which other 4-line phones do n't have . After about a year , the results have been quite unsatisfactory : -LRB- 1 -RRB- I have replaced three of them because some of the buttons stopped working . They must have fragile switches or something . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Two of the phones will pick up line 2 on speakerphone , spontaneously . The phone will just be sitting there and then the line 2 light comes on , the speakerphone comes on , and then you can hear a dial tone . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Sometimes the phone has a mysterious delay -LRB- 1-5 seconds -RRB- before it will let you pick up a line when it is ringing . I pick up the handset , push the button , try again ... eventually , the line connects , unless the caller hangs up first . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Voice mail indicator often does not know when there are no more messages and keeps blinking -LRB- there is a way to turn it off manually -RRB- . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Conversations bleed through between lines.Looks like buggy chips to me . The phones are `` IBM '' brand but really made by TT Systems . As soon as I can find another 4-line phone with an FSK voice mail indicator , these are all going in the trash .
 My office has five of these phones - none of them are problem free . The numbers do not work on a few of them and the sound is terrible on another . I have read through the manual which offers no valuable trouble shooting tips . I called the 1-800 help line and it has been disconnected , the website also no longer exists.This phone is a terrible deal for the listed price of over $ 100 .
 I realize that soft pastels should be soft but I do not expect out of 12 pastels to have 3 that are completely dust -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- , 2 that are so broken that they may be used as 1/4 '' buts , and 3 that are crumbled down to about 2/3rds of their original size . The others are ok -LRB- not great -RRB- - not at all the quality that I expected .
 I bought this after a lengthy discussion with the manufacturer . I wanted something very small to use at Starbucks . It looks small in the picture -- but it is n't . It 's big and bulky . Regret purchase .
 I am very disappointed with this paper . From the title it sounds like it should produce very black , `` velvet like '' blacks . But instead it prints like a flat matt surface paper . It also sticks in the Epson 2200 printer because it is thick . It should be described as a matte surface paper .
 It is rare that I write a review . I do read and appreciate other reviews though . That is why I felt it is important to leave one about this paper.In terms of quality - it does do nice print outs . In terms of printing with it - it is a nightmare!I am using an Epson R1900 . It is almost impossible to feed this paper in the manual paper feeder in a way , that is accepted by the printer . I would say at least 9 out of 10 times , does this paper not feed into the paper feeder correctly . Anybody who has to work efficiently and whose time is valuable can not afford to buy an expensive paper and then spend hours trying to get a few prints done.I would never , ever buy this paper again . I am really angry to have spend my money on an epson paper to use with my epson printer and then not be able to easily print.If you own an R1900 do not buy this paper !
 It is rare that I write a review . I do read and appreciate other reviews though . That is why I felt it is important to leave one about this paper.In terms of quality - it does do nice print outs . In terms of printing with it - it is a nightmare!I am using an Epson R1900 . It is almost impossible to feed this paper in the manual paper feeder in a way , that is accepted by the printer . I would say at least 9 out of 10 times , does this paper not feed into the paper feeder correctly . Anybody who has to work efficiently and whose time is valuable can not afford to buy an expensive paper and then spend hours trying to get a few prints done.I would never , ever buy this paper again . I am really angry to have spend my money on an epson paper to use with my epson printer and then not be able to easily print.If you own an R1900 do not buy this paper !
 The paper I ordered was not the same as the Epson S041637 that you pictured to be sent . Instead it was another package of Epson Fine Art Velvet . The colors did not match the paper profile I use for the paper in the white box with the blue stripe and touch of green . Am disappointed in the switch . How do I get a paper profile for that paper ?
 I had previously sent an email with pictures addressing this issue -LRB- about 2 weeks now -RRB- , and as of this writing I have not heard back.Amazon usually packs the shipments well , but this was n't the case with the last one.The bubble wrap was wound around very loosely -LRB- 1 layer -RRB- , and then the item was put in a larger box without anyadditional padding . It must have been dropped , hitting one corner , as ALL the paper got bent on that spot.Annoying , and a bit of a waste of time and money .
 I was shocked how poorly these color . You know how you can tell the difference between a good Crayola crayon and those cheapy ones given to kids at restaurants that seem to be made out of recycled candles ?? That is the difference between these RoseArt colored pencils and Crayola ones . It is hard to put in words how bad they color ... so lets just say `` these are crapola '' . To top off how bad they color , the box I received had numerous pencils labelled with the incorrect colors . A hot pink one had the color maroon on it ... a peach one had orange with a tan one labelled as light orange -LRB- even if they somehow were shades of orange , the so-called light orange is darker than the orange one !! Same for blue , the one labelled light blue is darker . I counted 12 that were blatantly labelled incorrectly . Just for giggles , I posted the pic . This will be sent to RoseArt as well . I understand accidents happen , but this is a huge one . I actually found myself in an argument with my 6 year old trying to explain maroon is n't actually a hot-pink color . Sheesh !! In short , do n't buy crapola ... get Crayola !!
 For very young children who want `` more '' of something , this looks really good . 72 pencils for almost no money at all . If you want to actually , color or draw with them , they are faded and hard to work with . Unless these are for very young children who just want to look at pretty colors on a stick , pass . Older kids need Crayola twistables , kids -LRB- or adults -RRB- with moderate talent or interest in drawing need Prismacolor Verithins and then regular Prismacolors . People with real talent need a Wacom tablet .
 I purchased some of these 19x24 poly mailers several months ago from ValueMailers -LRB- selling as threerb on another site , Fleabay -RRB- The problem is that the pressure sensitive glue adhesive on the flap that folds over to seal the opening , does not permanently seal and can be peeled off easily . I noticed the batch that I received had a noticeably shinier surface than the more matte finish of previous orders . Clear packaging tape also peals easily off.The matte finish poly mailers I had used previously do form a permanent bond with the glue flap and clear tape - to the point of requiring the plastic to be ripped apart in order to remove.For security and tamper evident purposes this shiny version of the 19x24 poly mailers is a disaster . The glue flap peels off easily with no effort . Anyone could unstick the flap in 2 seconds and remove the contents and claim `` empty box '' or any of the other scams.After asking a question concerning this product quality of threerb on the other site Fleabay , they blocked me from any future purchases.On 1/31/13 at 9:09 PST in the morning I called ValueMailers -LRB- threerb -RRB- and a lady who answered gave no help or any inclination to further investigate this issue . When I asked her if that is how they operate , blocking users from ordering if they ask a simple question , she said , `` Yes , it is '' . This company needs a reality check on product quality and customer service .
 This phone seems to get some pretty solid reviews , and I would `` generally '' rate this phone about middle-of-the-road . It usually works OK , and we do n't have a LOT of problems with these phones -LRB- we 've got 6 of them -RRB- , but those that we do have are deal-killers . Things to note :1 -RRB- The speakerphone REALLY WORKS VERY POORLY . That 's something you 'll see over and over in these posts . It actually seems to get progressively worse , until it simply stops working . You might not think that 's a big deal , but I assure you , it is .2 -RRB- Poor ergonomic design . It 's simply not well-built and ergonomically configured . You 'll see that over and over in these posts .3 -RRB- The warranty service is ATROCIOUS . I hope you never have to deal with it , but if you do , I can tell you that you might as well just forget it and buy a new one for $ 127.4 -RRB- This phone is not compatible with ANY other phones , AT&T ; or not . You ca n't replace ONE of these POSs with a new one after it stops working after one year -- you 've got to replace ALL of them.It should be noted that this phone is NOT actually made by AT&T ; it 's made by some no-name company that bought rights to the AT&T ; name ... SO , if you expect that you 'll have AT&T ; support or back-up on this phone , you are completely wrong . This phone is made in Indonesia , and I 'm reasonably sure that 's where their customer service is handled .
 Speaker quality
 I bought five of these for small business use . We like to use speakerphones a lot . Since sound does not typically pick up well from even a couple feet away I plan on sending them back once I find an alternative . Sometimes it does pick up ok , although faintly for the person on the other end of the line . Other times , then report that my voice is not only faint , but also cutting in and out.The speaker itself does not put out sounds in very good quality . You will turn up the volume trying to hear better and it will become distorted , like a cell phone speakerphone . So not recommended if you plan on using the speakerphone a lot .
 We have had continuous problems with this phone . We bought the phone initially because we wanted a phone with a good speaker phone option . However , the speaker is giving us many problems . If we make a phone call using the speaker phone , the person on the other end does not hear our voice . We must pick up the handset before the other party can hear us . I wrote to Amazon and explained the problem and they immediately exchanged the phone for a new one . Unfortunately , the same thing is happening now with the new phone too . At first I thought this may have something to do with the phone service , so I called the phone service in - but they verified it is not the service . If you are buying this phone for the speaker phone , stay away !!
 I have a VOIP setup with voicepulse . This phone works great as long as I do n't assign phone numbers to the presets . When I do it stops ringing after a few days . The lights flash indicating an incoming call and I can answer the phone if I notice the lights flashing but it does n't ring . If I reset the phone to defaults , erasing all presets , then it works OK . I got a new one from AT&T and it does the same thing . I love the headset button to switch between speaker and headset . Let me know if you know a workaround .
 I purchased 3 of these for my office back in October . First the speakerphone microphone on the one on my desk stopped working most of the time . I had been planning on exchanging the phone on my desk with a coworkers since I use the speakerphone on a daily basis . My investors were out this week and were on a conference call on another of the phones , that microphone stopped working . Today I had a phone interview and the THIRD phone microphone stopped working ! They work for 15 or 20 seconds , then the party on the other end ca n't hear you . These are gone . I was also hoping for a visual indicator that there were messages waiting when you use Verizon Centrex/voicemail . No go there .
 Two issues I had were :1 . When connecting to a Vonage line , Caller ID did not work until after I completely powered down the phone , including removing the backup batteries .2 . The headset volume was always too loud even when the volume was set to the minimum setting . I had to hold the phone away from my ear.The phone is full featured and seemed ideal for my small business , but it 's going to get replaced .
 I have four ATT 974 's . All the speakerphones cut in and out , making it impossible to have a conversation . Anyone looking to sit on conference calls will be disappointed . Other features are pretty good , but the speakerphone problem trumps the rest . I do not recommend this product , but good luck finding a decent one , I 've tried many others with no satisfaction .
 I have this system with 3 additional handsets . The talk-time on each phone is about 15 minutes and it takes all day for the phones to recharge . The unit also has a mesh-covered earpiece which is very uncomfortable . I 've had this for just over a year and it has n't worked well since I purchased it . Instead of buying new batteries for each phone I will buy a Uniden system . If I could give this 0 stars I would .
 This product is so BAD I was too disgusted to waste my time returning it or asking for my money back . First , the CD does not work like normal software CDs work . You actually have to `` break '' into it to copy and paste the files . Once you finally get the files open you find mostly blank pages with a few paragraphs in legaleese but nothing close to what you need . If you decide to buy this product , hold your nose when you open the package because it stinks !
 I just printed the same picture 20 times to get 10 acceptable print for greeting cards . I am suffering from random white spots on the photos . I have gotten a bad batch of paper . I have used HP advanced photo paper 100 count boxes for quite a while and out of at least four 100 count boxes , this is the first bad batch . The paper has imperfections on it that result in randomly placed white spots . I am printing on an HP 9180 with factory inks . I printed to a different paper thinking that it might be the printer , and the larger paper had no spots . I think that from now on I will stick with the smaller size boxes . Or go to the more expensive paper ...
 I was disappointed in my receipt of 4 x 6 sheet size photo paper . I did not concentrate on the specs carefully enough and lo and behold I am now he proud owner of 100 sheets of photo paper which I use very infrequently . Lesson learned , all things are not what they may seems to be . If a price appears too good , check again , the item may not be the one for which you are looking .
 p ; rinting a picture in color was a smeared . picture . i printed using regular paper and it was ok . . cant use it and had to throw it away ... very much surprised never expected it from hp paper ...
 I bought this paper because I could n't get to dry on my other paper so I figured with advanced paper it was the the paper it would work but it did n't work .
 This arrived from Amazon in a VERY big box - but loose , with very little packaging , and the box had been squashed . End result was a crushed portfolio , which also had a tear on it as if a label had been removed.Even in a local art-supply store these were crushed and torn . They 're way too flimsy to be shipped -LRB- just a heavy envelope really -RRB- and too thin to put much weight in . Perhaps for storage they might have limited use , but I would n't carry any work anywhere in it . I returned the damaged portfolio .
 The glue that held it together came lose and the whole thing just fell apart . Do n't waste your money . I had it for 2 weeks .
 The product was definitely not what I thought it would be . There was a piece missing and the steel is flimsy and not strong enough to hold 3 - 5 inch binders as well as my class books regardless of their thickness . Everytime I pick up the rack to move it the pieces fall through the hole . I could have used this money on books for my students . I am oh so out of 50.00 hard earned dollars .
 i absolutely love the idea of the cartridge , everything self contained in a small unit '' but i have unfortunately had the misfortune of losing 3 cartridges due to the wrinkling and jamming of the color cellaphane in the cartridge . . deeming the cartridge unusable thus losing over 150 pics . . im not happy . . did not get a good response from the company as my time lapse from purchase to use and their return policy had expired -LRB- i was told to contact the manufacturer directly -RRB- . . i dont usually print out 100s of pictures at once so i basically lost about $ 50.00 worth of film not to mention im apprehensive about getting more . . i will say , when the little machine and the film cartridges work properly , i love the pictures . . especially with the post card concept ...
 So far I bought 4x50 packs , and the last one produced really green pictures -LRB- from 3 different cameras -RRB- , hope the new pack will not be the same , there are no alternatives for paper .
 This does not work with my existing system . It turns out there are 3 different Pansonic systems of this type and mine does not accept a third handset . This info is not in the product description . A total waste of my money . I ended up buying a 5 handset Uniden set at Costco for just a third more than I paid for this handset !
 Buyer beware . The description includes the utterly irrelevant information that there are 25 binders in a box , but you do n't get a box . You get a single binder .
 Am I missing something ? These go for $ 1.25 elsewhere . Even office depot , the leader in high prices only want $ 1.99 ... Or is the product description unclear ? I says qty 1 ...
 I HAD this , and never lasted a full year - split in half where you insert the staples . I originally purchased this after having major shoulder surgery and needed something like this to help me at work when I returned . Worked well initially , but really thought it should have lasted more than ten months ! Would not recommend !
 I received a used staple that was even marked with a name . I did not paid for a used staple . Besides , it does not work . I thought I was not using it right but , it 's only a staple . How else can it be used ? It does not work !!!!
 I 've NEVER had a stapler that jams as bad as this . I HATE it . What a terrible waste of money . As forgetful as I am , I 'll always remember to NEVER buy a PaperPro stapler again !
 I 'm an office manager for a large printing company . We use staplers here constantly and I used to order the PaperPro exclusively due to their ease of use . The first time you use this stapler you 'll swear off conventional staplers ... yeah , they are that good . I stopped ordering them , however , because the quality has been so inconsistent with these staplers . Personally I still have one and it 's almost 2 years old and still works great . There are 3 or 4 others left in the building as well but the remainder of them are long gone . I stopped ordering them when they started breaking before they were even a month old . The final two I ordered lasted less than 3 days before they jammed . Unlike a conventional stapler , once they do jam there 's no taking them apart to try and fix them , unless they fly apart on their own which a couple of them have done . When that happens there 's no putting them back together ... remember Humpty Dumpty ? It 's a shame , I love my stapler because like every other review here , I agree that it 's incredibly easy to use . One reviewer said it best
 I was impressed by this stapler when we initially had one . However , it broke down after a month . We thought that maybe we just bought a lemon . The second piece we bought also broke down after a month of regular use . And we just normally staple an average of 10 pages or below .
 This stapler never worked out of the packaging . Basically a waste of money . The staple feed mechanism is terrible , it always spits out 2 staples at a time that tangle up and jam the stapler . Do n't be fooled by the fancy blue color !
 I bought this stapler in April , and by the end of September , it had stopped working properly -LRB- does n't close the staple , leaves an open , jagged staple on the back of the page , etc. -RRB- . I know that manufacturers -LRB- of computers , American cars , etc. -RRB- make products that need to be repaired and replaced frequently , but I did n't know that this trend had trickled down to the lowly stapler . I will not be choosing this brand for my replacement .
 I have had four PaperPro staplers -LRB- three different models -RRB- . These are wonderful when they work . But all of them have lasted only a few months of very light usage . I thought the first one was a lemon and bought another because it was such a great stapler when it did work . But the others have n't lasted long either . I went and bought their staples , thinking it may be a staple problem , but that did n't work either.Its frustrating because I REALLY love the stapler when it works . But after paying a lot of money for three different models only to have all of them die quickly , I 'm done with Paper Pro staplers . Theyy 're a heartbreak waiting to happen .
 After 10 uses , the stapler has jammed . A little black tab where the staples should come out seems to have jammed -LRB- there are no stuck staples in there -RRB- , but now the staple has stopped working . I would definitely not purchase this item again .
 It looks like I am going to have to return this one too ... making it the third time in about 6 or 8 months . The problem happened all three times on reloading . I have no idea what happened or why , I 've reloaded successfully several times , but with each stapler , this little black metal piece attached to the spring gets freed -- it is apparently not fixable . While I too love them , here we go again ... it 's getting old now . I 'm not sure if they are made to be disposable , but it certainly is not priced as a disposable . I hope they redesign it into something more durable as that 's about the only way I would try again . Find something more durable ... odds are you will be returning this if you buy it .
 Unlike the 1 star reviewers , mine lasted nearly a year before it started jamming . It usually spits out the staple when fully opened -LRB- wear your safety glasses ! -RRB- , but in the last couple months it has gotten worse , and now it jams more often than stapling . Yesterday the staples started getting stuck in it.I really liked the way it worked as long as it worked , but for its price , it should n't be considered a disposable item , and I wo n't be buying another . Until I find an ergonimc replacement , I 'll be using the 50 's era Swingline Cub I inherited from my Father .
 I do n't disagree with the glowing reviews about this stapler . It 's fabulous , as long as you realize it 's disposable . I 'm on my fifth . The clever mechanism that creates so much force gives out in 3-6 months of daily use -LRB- I refill about every other week -- how many staples is that ? -RRB- . I 've tried contacting the manufacturer a few times , but I 've never received a response.Since nothing out there compares , and I have keyboard-wrecked wrists , I keep buying them . After a few days wrestling with an old-fashioned stapler , I 'm usually happy , or at least resigned , to paying for a new one .
 I do n't disagree with the glowing reviews about this stapler . It 's fabulous , as long as you realize it 's disposable . I 'm on my fifth . The clever mechanism that creates so much force gives out in 3-6 months of daily use -LRB- I refill about every other week -- how many staples is that ? -RRB- . I 've tried contacting the manufacturer a few times , but I 've never received a response.Since nothing out there compares , and I have keyboard-wrecked wrists , I keep buying them . After a few days wrestling with an old-fashioned stapler , I 'm usually happy , or at least resigned , to paying for a new one .
 I bought this stapler to replace one that broke after 2 years . The paper pro stapler I had was wonderful . This one broke the 1st week !
 This item did not work . It is a stapler . You put staples in and use it . I added the staples , tried to use this and no staples came out . Very disappointed as this was an office item that I needed .
 received paper in a damaged box-no response from vendor when notified that box was received broken open and mangled . photos are splotches of color-totally unlike those done on glossy paper . would not recommend product after spending hours researching and finding paper source . do not waste your money .
 I order HP Premium Photo Paper -LRB- Matte -RRB- . Product was HP but not Matte . Open product before I realized it was not Matte . Was in plastic cover , but not HP box . Printed label on plastic states , `` Matte '' , but was glossy paper . Will count as a loss . Live and learn .
 Flat , dull , off colors . I do n't recommend this for anyone . Its intentionally paying more for less . . the Advanced glossy is amazingly better .
 This item was only $ 10.00 when I purchased it . There was a reason for that , because it looks like it cost less than that . This is a very cheaply made product . Remember the saying '' you get what you pay for '' well it certainly applies to this product . It is as seller reports it to be , just very cheaply made .
 I had to return this board because it did n't fit my desk . I had no way of knowing before I bought it that it was n't going to work because there were n't any dimensions listed on the product description . The people at Woodworkers Hardware , however , were very helpful when I called about returning the board .
 I guess you get what you pay for . The cover is very thin cardboard and was all tore up when it arrived . Cheaper to keep than to send back . S&H ; was more than the product cost . BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!! Docket Padfolio with Pocket Cover , 5x8 , White , Jr. . Legal Rule , 100 Sheets/Pad -LRB- TOP63345 -RRB- Category
 this is a pad of paper . that 's all this is . there is a piece of paper/cardboard for a cover and a pad of paper . if you want something re-usable , keep looking . this is not a padfolio at all . i repeat , it is a pad of paper with a piece of thicker paper glued to it for a cover . not a good ROI at all .
 Do not but this !! I purchased one and within 2 weeks the plastic part around the adjustment clamp broke . Amazon replaced it readily . I have had the second one a week and guess what . The same piece has broken this time on the opposite side.This is obviously a manufacturing defect in the product.Hope fully this will save you from the same demise .
 Considering I ordered a document holder and received a blue stamp pad , I was n't too impressed . I e-mailed and they said that the description for the item number ordered was incorrect . They mailed me the correct item number -LRB- blue stamp pad -RRB- , but that is not what it was labeled or pictured for the description . They did reimburse me , because they did n't have any document holders . Needless to say , it was all a waste of time .
 I bought this phone back in June 2006 to expand my Motorola SD4500 base unit . The phone has always performed well , but now -LRB- June 2008 -RRB- , the display on both of the cordless handsets is failing . You 'll first notice a whole line of broken characters in the display , then , eventually , another line . I 'm guessing it 'll soon get to the point when the display will become unreadable . Too bad - I like the phones but ca n't recommend them because of the crummy display .
 This WAS a good phone for a while so I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . It was clear and had good range . The intercom feature was nice . About 9 months after purchase though the screens on some of the handsets started to lose pixels . Eventually some screens were almost totaly blank and others were half blank . Then there was nothing to do but recycle the batteries and throw the rest in the garbage . I was very disappointed . Do n't make the same mistake . I hope my new Panasonic system lasts longer than this one did .
 This WAS a good phone for a while so I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . It was clear and had good range . The intercom feature was nice . About 9 months after purchase though the screens on some of the handsets started to lose pixels . Eventually some screens were almost totaly blank and others were half blank . Then there was nothing to do but recycle the batteries and throw the rest in the garbage . I was very disappointed . Do n't make the same mistake . I hope my new Panasonic system lasts longer than this one did .
 I like 5 per inch grid paper over 4 per inch because it fits my writing and sketching style better , but they 're expensive and harder to find in bulk . I thought this would be a great deal to get 12 pads at once . Unfortunately the light gray color of the paper and darker gray lines make for an awful contrast , and it 's difficult to easily read my own notes and diagrams in the fluorescent glare of the office lights .
 Not even a year later and most of the buttons on the handset do n't work .
 My very first cell phone was Motorola , and it served me great , so I became attached to the brand based on that experience , and for that reason alone bought Motorola SD4591 Digital Corded/Cordless System . As we 've put the wireless network in house the cordless phone started playing tricks . The battery life got very short very soon too . I was told I need to get different batteries NiH instead of NiCD . Naturally the microwave was playing the tricks on cordless too . As we have two lines in house and was told by several people to move to 5.8 Hz 2 line phone I decided to get Motorola MD7091 5.8 GHz Digital 2-line Phone and remained loyal to Motorola . And boy was I wrong again . What others are saying about caller ID not showing as soon as I have another phone on the same line besides Motorola MD 7091 is true in my case too . I do n't get it does Motorola expect us to switch phones to their system now around the house if we want to used one of their phones ??? This is really cheap trickNaturally , I could blame all this on poor quality of NiCD batteries , Wireless Network , Microwaves and phone company , and other brands ' phones connected to my line . But what is the common thread through the entire ordeal
 With very little investigation , one can find that this phone is very over priced according to the ones I 've looked at in other stores and outlets . My rccommendation is that over $ 75.00 is too much to pay for this phone .
 This WAS a good phone for a while so I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . It was clear and had good range . The intercom feature was nice . About 9 months after purchase though the screens on some of the handsets started to lose pixels . Eventually some screens were almost totaly blank and others were half blank . Then there was nothing to do but recycle the batteries and throw the rest in the garbage . I was very disappointed . Do n't make the same mistake . I hope my new Panasonic system lasts longer than this one did .
 Piece of junk . I purchased the phone system in May 2007 and returned it to Amazon in August 2007 for an 80 % refund . The answering system never worked well . Messages were frequently garbled and unintelligible . I called Motorola and they sent reset instructions through email , which did nothing to correct the garbled messages . I then requested an RMA from Motorola . They denied the RMA even though I was within the warantee period . I appears Amazon as reseller holds the ownership of the warantee . I then called Amazon who offered an exchange , but I refused . Instead Amazon offered to refund the price the phone system prorata .
 This is not a good product . The instructions are confusing and setting the menus is clumsy . The address book has to be entered in the cordless phone , not the base set , for both phones . -LRB- There 's a very confusing distinction between private numbers and shared numbers -RRB- . The date/time stamp simply does n't work at all and it is impossible to fix . The cordless phone went on the blink just weeks after I set it up , and it did n't come back till I let the battery run out . The message system is very annoying . Each time you listen to a new message -LRB- which of course does n't have the right date/time -RRB- the machine plays all of the old ones , whether you want to hear them or not . It 's a total loss and I 'm going to buy a replacement .
 Bought this and 3 Motorola SD4501 Digital Expansion Handset for SD4500 System Phones . I was banking on the MOTOROLA name . The batteries have an extremely short life , the voice hoarse and the product ABSOLUTELY Sucks . the most irritating feature is the Sync operation that kicks in halfway thru a conversation . This is probably the worst piece of equipment I have bought in my whole life . DO NOT BUY !!!! I wish Amazon had - ve ratings ... . like a -5 STARS .
 I bought this phone after 2 failed attempts with a Uniden 2.4 GHz expandable model . This phone , however , is also maddening . First , the handsets , though in communication with the base , will not dial . Touch `` flash '' and begin dialing and NOTHING . No tones from the numbers , only the hum of the dial tone . The only way to solve this is to unplug the base . Second , and almost as aggravating , is the answering machine can NOT be muted . When the machine answers , the outgoing message blares like a roaring jet engine . Did n't anyone at Motorola think , ` Hey , maybe the customer will purposely not answer the phone ? ' It 's so loud I 've had to tape a pad of post-it notes over the speaker . If you do n't have a baby sleeping anywhere in the house or you enjoy being awoken every morning by your answering machine , this phone is for you . Oh , do n't forget to reset the base so you can actually call the person back .
 We bought this phone at Costco with the 3 additional handsets . Overall the phone works as advertised.The good : - Color screens - Good sound quality - Speaker phone works great - Buttons are big and the phone works intuitively , once set upThe cons : - My major disappointment is the range . From garage is 40 feet from the house . Yet the expandable unit does not get the signal . Thus unable to use the intercom feature -LRB- one of the reasons for selecting this phone -RRB- . My husband is back to using a standard wired phone in the garage . - The second , more minor , disappointment is the phone battery life . Previously we set our old model phones in the base occaisionally . These phones need to be in their base at least every other day .
 This phone had 2 flaws that caused us to return it . The ringtones are awful sounding , anything other than the default ringtone is unusable because the sound seems muffled and just sounds bad . We could not stand to hear it ring . Also the handset will not stand up on its own so the handset speakerphone is essentially useless . The handset speakephone volume is also too low at even the highest setting . Pass on this one .
 I purchased the Motorola because of of the claim that it would `` Forward messages to your cell phone or another number '' -LRB- from the web site and from the side of the box -RRB- . In fact , it will do no such thing . Even though it has a setup for entering a forwarding number and enabling the feature -- it did n't work . I made a call to Motorola . First , speaking with a customer representative , she informed me that it was necessary to purchase this service from the phone company -LRB- so what is the set up for in the phone base ? -- she had no idea -RRB- . Speaking with a supervisor , he informed me that it was necessary to buy another product , a cell phone docking station , and the message could only be sent to the cell while it sat in the docking station while it was in range of the phone base -LRB- a questionable feature , since you can pick up the message at any handset -RRB- . I consider this a gross misrepresentation of the product 's abilities -LRB- and I was quite disappointed as well -RRB- . Or else , the folks at Motorola are completely unfamiliar with their product -LRB- the service representative certainly was -RRB- . Documentation is minimal and the sound quality is generally not acceptable . I will be returning this phone primarily because of the misleading representations made about this phone 's capability of forwarding phone messages -- a useful feature for someone else to pick up on .
 This seems like a nice idea , but Motorola 's excution is terrible . The phones now have a battery life that can barely last one reasonabley long call . The sound quality is average , at best , and they drop calls willy-nilly . I would never have bought these phones knowing this , and I will be avoiding Motorola for a long time to come .
 I 'd have to agree with the jazz guy 's review . There are some design flaws here . I did find out how to change the # of rings on the answering machine when I called the service line . You go to devices under menu and choose answer base , then there is an option to change it there.As stated above , there is no way to turn off or change the volume on the base ringer . This defeats the volume control on the handset.They state on the box that 15 ringtones can be used to identify incoming callers . This really means you can choose 1 ringtone for everyone in your phone book and another for everyone else . I expected to set a ringtone for each person . Not possible.Lastly , there is no speed dial . Just an option to choose from your phonebook which often takes more effort than dialing the number . For these reasons , I will be heading back to the store today to exchange . I should have stuck with Uniden . Had a great one for 5 + years .
 This phone has issues . Some perhaps a quirk in the actual item I received others just a design flaw . Based on what I understand about this item -LRB- It 's possible I misunderstood some things . -RRB- I returned it based on the following problems :1 - The day and time stamp could not be set to the current day and there was absolutely no way to reset this . Either by returning to factory settings or simply trying to `` trick '' the machine.2-The ring of the handset could not be controlled -LRB- substantially -RRB- in terms of ring volume or muted.3-The base and the handset have separate ring tones . There is no way to shut either up . So if you program one of the alternate ring tones to a musical one you still get the blaring base tone.4-I found the menu system and the phone book cumbersome . I am also convinced that it nuked one of my entries to the phone book . Some of this might be due to the expandable options on here necessitating private/shared phone numbers5-The manual indicated there was toll saver switch on the back of the phone . There is n't .6 - Very little outgoing call memory -LRB- 3 calls ? -RRB- 7-Redial . It remembers everything , including the pins . Making a straight redial impossible -- because it enters the extra numbers w/o you being able to control it.8-Couldn ' t find the speed dial options . Is there any ? Did n't find it in the manual9-Motorola Customer service for phone . Only available bus hours m-f . Impossible for working people.The only thing I really liked about the phone was the speakerphone on handset options and easy access to the base functions with handset as remote.In short . When will they make cordless phones up to the same standard as their cell phone counterparts ?
 This WAS a good phone for a while so I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . It was clear and had good range . The intercom feature was nice . About 9 months after purchase though the screens on some of the handsets started to lose pixels . Eventually some screens were almost totaly blank and others were half blank . Then there was nothing to do but recycle the batteries and throw the rest in the garbage . I was very disappointed . Do n't make the same mistake . I hope my new Panasonic system lasts longer than this one did .
 I bought this phone because my Uniden with ROOM MONITORING will no longer hold a charge , but the room monitoring and speakerphone and answering machine work fine . This Motorola does NOT have true room monitoring where you can call in remotely and hear what 's going on in the room the phone is . The room monitoring they refer to means if you have more than one handset you can listen from one room to another , NOT THE SAME THING . When talking on the phone the clarity is very poor . Also the `` speakerphone '' is actually only handsfree on the handset , NOT the base which is also what I was looking for .
 I do not recommend this phone . Bulky , hard to use , push a button here and there and it switches to spanish mode . god knows how to get it back to english . but most importantly , the battery life sucks . it dies really fast without warning . i bought a brand new battery too and after couples months it sucked it dry too .
 Would not recommend it . Poor quality .
 I ordered this phone in hopes it would do what i needed . BLECH ! the reception was lousy and did n't have the features i needed . I could n't see the screen at all - it was always at the wrong angle . I 'm returning this item . Still looking for a good replacement for my Siemens gigaset 2120 ... will keep looking .
 Jan 2 2006I two ordered the `` md7001 2 line phone '' I thought I was getting a cordless 2 line phone . What I actually got was a 2 line handset that requires a base unit for it to work . This info should be prominently displayed in their description .
 We purchased this phone to go with the rest of the set and we were extremely disappointed !! We had to return them for a different brand because we could not hear !!! They were so static that you often could not hear the person speaking !! You would think at this price it would not be so static . We went for a brand at a much lower price and they are crystal clear !!
 I spent hundreds to buy a set of these -LRB- 5 handsets and one base unit model MD7080 -RRB- and scrapped them after less than a year for the following reasons :1 -RRB- The sound is over-compressed and `` fuzzy-sounding '' even when close to the base unit -LRB- within 20 feet in the same room -RRB- . Further than 50 feet or through walls it gets even worse . If the person on the other end does n't speak-up loudly and clearly you will have difficulty understanding them .2 -RRB- Controls are non-intuitive and difficult to read
 Could n't get enough volume from the base unit to make it usable , even in a quiet office . Handsets were staticy and echoed my voice when talking . Just did n't live up to expectations .
 Disappointing Motorola product . I have always had Motorola cell phones , so I assumed that the cordless phone would be just as durable and valuable . I purchased these phones with the desk phone for my small business . Big mistake.After a few months the battery life shorted , and the range was horrible . I couldnt get from one place to another without losing reception . and have to charge the phone constantly . Even in the middle of the conversation , the phone would die out.And the big problem is , i cant simply change all the phones in my business after having invested the money and time to set these phones up . UGH!If this review helps someone save some time and energy , it wwas worth writing .
 The quality of the phone is very good . BUT , there is no privacy feature . If I am making a call on line 1 , anyone can pick up that same line and listen in or join in . It has happened many times , someone will be using line 1 for example , I will dial a number and press the line 1 button only to find out that it is already in use and interrupting and annoying the other person . I am checking to see if I can return for a refund ...
 I should have learned from my other Motorola handset phone years ago ... they still do n't really know how to make 'em like Panasonic . Sound quality is lacking . This phone functions but the buttons stick all the time on the base unit , the user interface is clumsy at best . Only decent feature is that you can have a different greeting for each line , you can set each line to anser or not , and you can access your messages easily , remotely .
 Pros
 Very disappointing . I am a fan of Motorola and own their 2-way radios and past cell phones . This phone is junky . I finally got rid of it and bought Panasonic which is an improvement . The Motorola answering system is awkward and tedious . Quality of construction is poor and Motorola finally replaced the phone . The new one is still in the box on a shelf .
 Others have commented on the major weaknesses of this phone , but I 'll add my own pet peeve
 Dont buy this phone!This phone has all the bells and whitstles I needed . I work from my home office with two phone lines . I really like how easy it is to navigate between two phone lines with one handset.It worked fine for the first few weeks . Now , every so often it says it is `` out of range '' and my phone wont connect ! Even when it is sitting right on top of the base ! Just today , the phone went out of range while on a call just a few feet from the base and the call dropped!I have read reviews on other websites that had the same problem with this phone suddenly dropping out of range and not connecting again.On average my phone goes out of range for about 5 minutes then works again.I will be taking this phone back and shopping for a new one : -LRB-
 I have had this phone for 20 hours - and am returning it.There is static noise on the line when people talk on the other end . The echo of my voice from the earpiece is very distracting - I find it very disconcerting.The wall mount bracket causes the base to stick straight out from the wall - and as a previous reviewer mentioned , is usually up to your nose given the location of most wall mounts . This strikes me as an unexcusable oversight on Motorola 's part . Either make it desk only - or do the wall mount right.The speaker for the speakerphone feature is in the back of the phone - while the microphone is in the front of the phone . Dumb design - I feel like I 'm either not listening or not being picked up when talking.The volume on the base speakerphone is too low at highest setting.I 'm very disappointed in this phone . Much like a previous reviewer , the 1 star is only because I could n't give it a 0 star rating .
 I am very happy with this phone , it works well and I get great reception . But I ran into a big problem when I tried to expand my system . I went online to find another handset/charger . The cheapest I found was a factory refurbished unit for $ 130 , new units run anywhere from $ 250 to $ 300 . Yet I can buy a base unit and 2 handset/charger -LRB- Model # 7091 -RRB- for $ 125 . Do n't know if Motorola stopped making the handsets separately or not , but I am really confused by the pricing to the point where I am thinking of just getting a whole new system .
 This was a very poor choice on my part . I thought Motorola was a reputable brand however the quality is below average . The sound is not clear . When I raise the volumn it sounds tinny and if I lower it , you can not hear . I would not recommend buying it .
 I 've lived with this phone for 2 years , but have never loved it . From the start there were problems . Now it 's no longer working and has to be replaced . Not a great lifespan , considering I paid $ 200 for the base station and extension handset.Here are the main problems with the phone :1 -RRB- Handsets go `` out of range '' unpredictably and drop the call , even when you 're right next to the base station .2 -RRB- Battery life is unimpressive . The handsets go dead quick .3 -RRB- Sometimes I ca n't pick up a call . The phone will ring and I 'll `` answer '' it on the handset , but nothing happens and the phone keeps ringing . It happens randomly and is very annoying .4 -RRB- The address book is poorly designed . You ca n't jump to names , but must manually scroll through your whole address book -LRB- scrolling is VERY SLOW -RRB- . So if you have 50 names and you 're looking for Zach , it 's going to take you awhile .5 -RRB- Newer issues the phone has developed
 This seems to be a fairly good quality phone . The handset is heavy duty . The answering machine menu/use is more complicated/tedious than it needs to be . The biggest problem with this phone system is that there is NO privacy feature . Anyone can pick up on a line while another person is using that line . Frustrating and unprofessional !
 I always like to identify with the lineage of my Motorola products and their engineers
 this phone constantly gives the person on the other end of your call a broken conversation . It breaks up like the conductor on the subway and calling Motorola got nowhere - they just do not want to know about it
 I replaced a Siemens 8825 with the Motorola 7081 and was , unfortunately , really disappointed . The 8825 while rich in function , is quite lacking in quality . So what 's good about the 7081 is :1 . Great design and feel , especially the handset .2 . Nice look to the unit .3 . Well-lit displays .4 . Easy to understand voice prompts when accessing remotely .5 . Reasonable range .6 . Nice feel to the buttons .7 . Fairly easy to go through the setup .8 . Ability to sort the phonebook alphabetically .9 . Base has phonebook that can be shared by the handsets .10 . Motorola customer support -LRB- excellent -RRB- . Now what 's not good :1 . Even at maximum volume , you can barely hear the speakerphone onthe base .2 . Sound on the handset is distorted , fuzzy . The person on the otherend hears a hiss . The volume is adequate , but barely .3 . Can not search the phonebook . If you sorted it alphabetically andneed to access a name starting with `` Z '' you have to scroll throughthe entire phonebook .4 . Ca n't record an outgoing message remotely .5 . Battery level indicator on handset is useless . When the handset isin the charging cradle , it shows a charging indication at alltimes . When it is out of the cradle , it does n't show anything.I really wanted to like this unit because it has such a nice look and feel to it but the poor sound quality is a showstopper .
 1 . Battery has no life2 . `` Strange clicking '' -LRB- sounds like someone typing on a manual typewriter -RRB- sound when engaging phones dial tone , -LRB- this noise does go away after conversation starts -RRB- Phone lines also checked by my phone service vendor , the noise is from the phone , not the phone lines.In general I spent a lot of money for the base and expandable handsets , and the product has performed poorly to date .
 I purchased this phone for home use . Overall I was very disappointed and ultimately sold it online for a 50 % loss.The sound quality was terrible . The max volume was way too soft -LRB- I have good hearing too -RRB- . The battery life was horrible -LRB- less than 1 hour on speakerphone -RRB- . And finally , the range was not good.Would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 I have owned the MD781 and two standalone -LRB- MD71 -RRB- handsets for almost two years.On the plus side , the handsets have a nice physical build quality and look & feel.On the minus side , the system has been plagued by both quality and durability issues as long as I 've had it . Throughout the life of the phone , the base has periodically -LRB- every month or two -RRB- ` locked up ' requiring a hard reset of the base -LRB- by unplugging the power supply -RRB- in order to associate the handsets again . Secondly , all three handset batteries deteriorated such that they ca n't hold a charge of more than a few minutes after only 18 months . Finally , the LCD display on two of the three handsets has begun to fail with lines of pixels missing.I 'm disappointed with this level of quality considering the Motorola brand name , and especially considering the high price of this base and handsets compared to competitive offerings on the market . I 'm donating this phone system and replacing with a $ 99 base and 3 handset bundle from VTech .
 This phone has many features that I really wanted -- ability to add addition hands sets , shared phonebook , speakerphone on each handset , 5.8 Ghz DSS . I did n't find any other phone w / these features even though , to me , they seem like minimal features in a modern phone . Anyway , I am really disappointed . Each feature is poorly executed such that it is really a pretty lousy phone . The shared phonebook is a nice idea but so hard to access and find the number that its really quicker to dial the number yourself . The voicequality of the handsets is inferior to every other phone I 've used . The only -LRB- sorta -RRB- exception is that the handset speakerphone voicequality is even worse . 5.8 DSS is nice , but the range is short -LRB- does n't reach out to my driveway even though my baby monitor works fine in that location -RRB- . I recommend that you not buy this phone . Wait till another company implements this feature set in a better phone .
 I purchased the MD781 + MD71 expansion phone after briefly having its predecessor the MD681 . I really like the MD681 but I could never locate one of its expansion handsets -LRB- everyone online/offline was constantly out of stock -RRB- . Overall I 'm disappointed with this new model and after two weeks of use I am already looking for another phone.Handheld phones
 I used this phone for four weeks and then returned it . The volume was really low and it was really very difficult to hear the person on the other side . Then the battery started discharging very fast and could not not last for more than 20 minutes off the base . Instead of buying a new battery , I chose to return the phone even if I was refunded store credit and not cash .
 I bought the wireless base with 5 handsets to replace a VTEC 2.4 GHz setup that was being stepped on by my wireless network . Quite frankly , I regret it . Sound quality on the Motorola units is extremely poor ... sometimes . And it is not predictable . I have tried moving the base unit and even sitting next to the base unit when the sound quality is poor and there is little correlation to distance from the base . The range is vastly inferior to the VTEC 2.4 GHz units . I can talk on the VTECHs up to 400 ft away from the base and I ca n't even use the Motorolas in the next room . It 's too bad because Motorola did a good job with the features and functions . I especially like the blinking light on each hand unit to notify of a waiting message . The ability to have a local and global phone book is also a very good feature . Despite the good choice of features , what good is a phone that breaks up and clicks while in use ? Do n't buy these units
 This is the crappiest phone ever !!! It loses the reception while it is sitting on its receiver ! How is it possible ? Useless !
 I know it 's hard to find a 2-line cordless phone , but this one is n't it ... move along . It seemed to me to have everything , and it pretty much does . My challenge has been the manufacturing quality . About 6 months after purchase , I noticed the LED screens starting to fail -LRB- cutting off the top of the words at first , then later turning everything into broken characters that look like some ancient unknown script -RRB- . It did n't just happen on one handheld , but both ... which I had bought separately - thus it could n't just be a lemon . Now a couple of years later , I 'm looking to buy a new phone
 I 've had this phone for 20 months and have been disappointed in it 's reliability . We have used 3 batteries for each handset in 20 month . Each battery has a useful life of about 6 months each before losing a charge in just a few minutes . Even with a new battery , a charge does not last but a couple hours before needing to be recharged.Calls are sometimes routed directly to the answering machine without first ringing the telephone.One handset may ring but the others may not ; this may be related to battery issue but it does happen even with new batteries.There are other , more reliable phones . Go find 'em .
 I bought this phone for my husband , who is stationed in Iraq , so we could keep in touch using Skype . I never saw anything in the product description that it woud n't work with a Mac operating system , but when it arrived in Iraq , my husband was unable to use it . Very frustrating .
 The phone works great and I would give 5 stars but . I purchased one for $ 20 -LRB- good deal -RRB- and set it up on my XP machine with no problems after getting the latest driver from US Robotics website . I returned it because I was still teatherd to the PC so I figured why bother with the USR handset when my Skype UI was in front of me on the monitor . A little earbud with a mic I have that came free with another piece of software worked Skype just as well for me . I have an extention plug from my sound card so I can easily change from the earbud to my PC speakers on my desk.Save your money for a few more paychecks and get the Linksys CIT 200 . Its cordless and works great with all your contacts or direct dial out from the handset anywhere within 50 meters of your PC . I have the CIT 200 setup on my MCE computer and it works flawlessly . I can even watch TV and talk on the CIT 200 at the same time .
 I got the skype VOIP phone because I heard about it while I was in Iraq . People were talking through the computers with the one 's they loved , like some kind of futuristic videophone . It pretty much does that , and the fact that you do n't have to pay any connection fees -LRB- unless it 's a call to someone else not using Skype -RRB- is nice , but there are a few downsides . One , there is a major delay in the transmission ; you can say something in the phone , and it will take like 10-15 seconds before it arrives on the other end . Also , you have to keep it connected to your computer with your computer online if you ever want to recieve unexpected phonecalls from loved ones ; otherwise you 'll have to make arrangements with them to be online at the same time . Ultimately , it is a very usefull tool if you have limited access to hi-tech communications -LRB- like in 3rd world foreign countries -RRB- , but at the same time you may find it more of a hassle than a boon if you use it like a home phone .
 I bought this because it seemed like it would satisfy my need for a 2-line phone with answering capability . Turns out , I can not keep it , due to one boneheaded design flaw that makes it unusable for me.The good
 I am surprised not to have read this important design flaw in any reveiws . I bought the phone after reading up on it and figured this was the best there was for a two-line phone with answering machine . However , when you are sitting at your desk talking on Line 1 and a call comes in the answering machine comes on and rather than it being muted so you can carry on your conversation , it blares out the OGM and the callers message . This makes it impossible to carry on a conversation with the answering machine coming on . Note
 I bought this phone as on impulse at RadioShak relying on Motorola 's reputation . I guess I should have used my cellphone to check the Amazon reviews before buying it ! I was very surprised to find that you can not mute the outgoing message or call screening on the base unit . So surprised that I checked with Motorola and they confirmed this . Basically it 's badly designed which is extraordinary given the experience Motorola has - for goodness sake , it 's their business . Anyway , fortunately this is a low use line and I am only using one of the two line inputs in an area where people will not be disturbed by the uncontrolable call screening . The only good thing is that the phone combines corded with cordless and so will still be useable if there is a power cut .
 I was very hopeful that this phone system would be able to replace my aging 2G Panasonic system . It seemed to be the only choice for 2 lines with more than 4 handsets out there.The phone set up quite easily with a good menu-driven interface.The big problem , quite simply , is that the sound quality on the cordless handsets is terrible.Think about the earliest cell phone call you ever made.Think about the sound of two paper cups and a string.Motorola should be ashamed to have put there name on this phone .
 this phone has been the worst purchase I have made in a long time . you can only link one base unit with mulitply handhelds , -LRB- ie
 Have had this phone and four cordless extensions for well over a year . Am about to replace the whole system due to the poor voice quality . My Panasonic cordless in same home works almost flawlessly .
 The base unit repeatedly loses contact with all of the MD7001 cordless units - always during a call . The cordless units show `` out of range '' , and take about 10 minutes to re-register themselves to the base unit before they can be used again . In a call of 1-hour duration , this can happen 3 or 4 times.Motorola tech support 's only solution is to remove the base unit 's power and batteries when this happens.Who wants to do this 3 or 4 times an hour ?
 I returned my Motorola , bought a second one from J & R and found the same problem with both units . While it is neat looking , it does not ring reliably . Had Verizon out to check lines , and it 's the phone at fault . There is something wrong with these units , at least in my house . I am going to return the unit again and buy another brand .
 I needed a new phone that was 2 Line -LRB- for my business -RRB- , 5.8 Gigahertz -LRB- as to not interfere with my wireless computer network -RRB- , had a corded handset on the base -LRB- I 'm on the phone all day and need to connect my headset to something that wo n't run out of juice -RRB- , and has cordless capability so I 'm not always tied to my desk . This is the only phone that currently seems to meet this criteria . So , while I 'm unhappy with it I 'm not sure I can return it.What really surprises me is the problem the base is having with the miltiple phone lines . Currently , I have one line from Vonage and one line from SBC . They both work fine when only one is plugged in , but when the SBC line is plugged in Line 2 and Vonage is plugged in Line 1 , the SBC line suddenly starts having caller id and ringing problems . Motorola tech support keeps passing the buck and saying it my phone lines . But it seems that others are having similar problems . So I reall do n't appreciate having to deal with the unknoledgeable tech support and being a beta tester of what should be a working product . There are some other things about the phone I 'm not really happy about and would go to another brand , but no one else seems to make this particular type of phone yet and I need it for my business . I 'm just surprised that a company who makes some of the top cellular phone technology combining phones , cameras , computers , pda 's , radios , ca n't get a simple two line corded phone right . Good-bye Moto !
 My very first cell phone was Motorola , and it served me great , so I became attached to the brand based on that experience , and for that reason alone bought Motorola SD4591 Digital Corded/Cordless System . As we 've put the wireless network in house the cordless phone started playing tricks . The battery life got very short very soon too . I was told I need to get different batteries NiH instead of NiCD . Naturally the microwave was playing the tricks on cordless too . As we have two lines in house and was told by several people to move to 5.8 Hz 2 line phone I decided to get Motorola MD7091 5.8 GHz Digital 2-line Phone and remained loyal to Motorola . And boy was I wrong again . What others are saying about caller ID not showing as soon as I have another phone on the same line besides Motorola MD 7091 is true in my case too . I do n't get it does Motorola expect us to switch phones to their system now around the house if we want to used one of their phones ??? This is really cheap trickNaturally , I could blame all this on poor quality of NiCD batteries , Wireless Network , Microwaves and phone company , and other brands ' phones connected to my line . But what is the common thread through the entire ordeal
 I purchased this phone 6 weeks ago . It was purchased to be used in my new kitchen 's desk area with the cordless phone to be used in the kitchen . Now that the construction is over , I started to use the phone . I noticed that my line 1 -LRB- the main house line -RRB- does n't ring on the phone . I brought my contractor back to check the phone lines , he could n't find anything wrong . Today I called Motorola to find out what I 'm doing wrong ... I find out that there are some homes where the wiring is not compatible with this phone . Motorola offered to send me their cordless version of this phone in exchange for the one I purchased . If I wanted a cordless phone at my desk I would have purchased one in the first place !!! When I told their customer service rep this , she offered me no other options . I doubt -LRB- now 6 weeks later -RRB- that I can return it to the retailer where I purchased it . I requested a letter from Motorola stating that there are problems with this phone - I hoped that I could take this to the retailer , but no , they wo n't even help me that way . So now I have a 2 line phone that only works one of my lines !! Unbelievable !
 I reviewed all the 2 line phones I could and chose this cordless phone based on the reviews . I am very disappointed , the sound quality is poor and low , the reception is poor . I live in a two story frame and stucco home and the reception cuts out when I am on a different floor than the base even if I am directly under the base or in another room that is in an L shape from the base . The battery cover comes off easily . I am looking to replace the system .
 These phones had so much static , you could not hear !!! We ended up having to return the phones and find something that we could actually use !!
 Like many others , I got this phone to use for my home and home-based business . I have not really used it but from configuring it and testing it , I 'm already noticing a number of things that simply do n't fit the purpose for which I bought the phone :1 -RRB- Ca n't designate primary Line
 Price
 I 'm not very mecanically inclined so I do n't know if it 's my error or the phone . I ca n't get the volume to turn down , so most of the time I have to keep the phone away from my ear . I am using the phone service provider message service instead of this phone due to no mute . I have arthritis in my hands and I find the buttons difficult to push -LRB- too small and oblong shaped -RRB- and you have to push ` hard ' on them . The buttons are too close together and oddly shaped on both table and portable handset . Another problem is sometimes the phone is n't completely hung up , even though I am sure it 's on the base.This is my main complaint of ` most ' phones today . I ca n't see any reason to design them so ` sleek ' - just like cars are designed . Telephones are not going to be taking air - thus aerodynamics do not apply or should not apply to telephone design . Very embarassing when you think you 've hung up from a conversation with someone and you realize sometime later that your phone was not hung up and the person you were speaking to might have heard everything you 've been saying since you thought you hung up .
 No separate ring tones for the two different lines . I like the message on the answering machine to play first and then the date/time to be announced after the message which gives you time to press delete . This answering machine does it the other way .
 Wasted money on this one : - heavy interference from other electrical equipment , like microwaves and vacuum cleaners - menu system is not user friendly - BATTERIES FAIL ... FAST
 The repception is poor . Very little range , I had to send it back . It seems it is design for a small area , a saloon or something small .
 I had no problems , when there were no other phones plugged in . But , when I plugged in my other Panasonic , I did not get the incoming # displayed on my caller id . It only showed incoming call . Tech support blamed it on the phone co. . But if it was the phone co. why would my other phones display everything ok . Also , the message light would continuously blink although the messages were cleared out and tech support was not able to rectify this issue , so I returned it !
 One wonders if anyone at Motorola did any real world testing with this phone it 's that bad . My wife and I work at home and we were looking for a good quality 2-line phone . Nothing fancy , we did n't really need an answering machine but just something that was easy to use and would not cause our blood pressure to rise when doing simple things like putting someone on hold and then retrieving the call . Unfortunately , it 's neither easy to use nor a quality product one would expect from Motorola . The battery life for the cordless handset is terrible . It allows for 1.5 hours talk time , if that . We 've also had other people tell us the call quality is not that great . All in all , a terrible phone and a waste of money as it 's been such a hassle , we 're now looking for a replacement only 8 months after buying it .
 Purchased this phone from J&R ; through Amazon . Hoped to use it for my new home office . It 's performance was absolutely horrible in all regards :1 . Answering system - Poor sound quality . Not user friendly .2 . Caller ID - Rarely worked properly . My other phones all recognized names/numbers of callers . This phone almost never got it right , or at all .3 . Wireless phone - Absolutely terrible sound quality . Callers could hardly hear me . Sound , connection and duplexing were worse than a bad cell phone call .4 . Dialing on the base or wireless unit - There is a delay as you press each number , so that you had to dial phone numbers very slowly as the phone did not keep up with your fingers ! Like they are using some very old technology for the dial pad and wireless part of this phone . Strange .5 . Overall quality was so bad I was embarrassed to hold a conversation with anyone on it . Forget the speakerphone - not even close.I returned this Motorola phone within 2 weeks . -LRB- No problems with J&R ; on the return . Of course , I still had to pay for the shipping both ways -RRB- . I replaced it with a simple ATT single line ansering machine -LRB- ATT model 1738 -RRB- for $ 20 for my 2nd home office line , and went back to my corded 2 line ATT caller ID phones , which work great . The ATT answering machine is not nearly as good as the SBC voice mail we use on our main line , but then again , that costs almost a $ 100 a year . However , this ATT answering system is significantly better than the answering system on the Motorola unit I returned .
 Now , imagine my astonishment . After receiving this beautifully designed futuristic looking set from my favorite communication device manufacturers , I set it up only to realize that the cordless phone only works when there is a direct line of site to the base!Unbelievable !! I live in a compact apartment ok , and believe me when I say it is n't 20 feet between the base and my bed room , and last night after setting up , I retreated to my room took up the cordless handset to make a call only to realize that there was no connection to the base.This phone in a nutshell , looks good , but it sucks !!
 Bought this phone for the looks of it , despite the reviews and low ratings ... regretting the decision now as the sound quality is terrible . I decided to write this review to urge others to trust the several other bad reviews this phone gets !
 I should have heeded the warnings ! The sound quality on this phone is lousy . Its noise suppression is too aggressive with the result that the beginning of every syllable is chopped off . Makes it often difficult to understand the person talking . The overall feature set is acceptable , but if the sournd quality is n't there , then nothing else matters ! I 'm returning this phone and am off to the next one . Dang , I 'd pay -LSB- ... -RSB- for a top-noth phone , but it seems there 's only cheap crap out there !!! Other annoyances are the fact that you can simply join a call you started on the corded phone with the cordless handset , you have to go through an elaborate `` call transfer '' procedure , when all that happened is that you could n't immediately locate the cordless handset , picked up the corded one , and now want to switch.Another annoyance is that there are no `` quick dial '' buttons or sequences . You have to go though the phonebook menu with several clicks to reach anything . Really stupid for the `` call husband '' , `` call office '' , `` call wife '' entries you need several times a day ...
 I already have a corded multi-line phone system in my house and I was looking to add a cool multi-line cordless phone system to it to replace my aging Siemens 2420 . The problems that other reviews mentioned likely have to do with compatibility issues with other phones . I called Motorola and they confirmed that , `` You may have compatibility issues with this phone and other brands of phones ... '' That being said , it worked great when I plugged my old standalone phones in -- it only choked when I plugged in my ATT 955 4-line SOHO phones . If I was willing to drop my ATT 955 's then this thing would be perfect -LRB- but I 'm not so I 'm going to return it -RRB- . I found the speaker phone quality to be great and people did n't have any problem hearing me as other reviewers have said . I did n't use the answering machine . The menus , etc were just like the Siemens 2420 that I 'm trying to replace -LRB- and worked just fine with my 2420 -RRB- ... Bottom line
 Yes , the stand appears wider than it actually is , and no dimensions are given . Photographing it without the leg extensions creates the illusion of greater width . Of more concern to me is the fact that the color of the legs is completely misrepresented in the photograph . The platform is a dark gray , almost black , but the legs are a very LIGHT gray , appearing almost white by contrast . My impulse was to return it , but I decided it was n't worth it and spray-painted the legs black . The stand is sturdy , but the legs are plastic and look cheap , and the sections -LRB- too few and too wide for proper height-adjustment -RRB- do not all fit together well . The description is also deceptive ; yes , something can be stored beneath the stand , but NOT paper
 This product is poorly constructed . The screws putting it together are difficult to screw in straight , due to poorly constructed parts , and cheap plastic . One of the screws broke the plastic . In addition , the photo makes it look wider than it is . I strongly do not recommend this product .
 You really cant fit a laptop under it unless its smaller than 12 &#34; and the same goes for a full size keyboard . You also have to put it together with screws , etc. . It does n't come in one piece . It 's heavy and sturdy , but unless you have a very small pc or keyboard , good luck .
 The photo is decrptive . The photo makes it look wider than it is . As no dimensions are listed , I was fooled by the photo . It 's only about 11 '' wide . The screws putting it together are difficult to screw in straight , due to poorly constructed parts . You 'd do as well putting an old book , or two , under your monitor ; which is what I do with worthless old computer books , like books on Windows 98 .
 There 's nothing holding the legs of this stand together . To look at the pictures , one might think that the leg extensions snap in place firmly like Lego blcoks , but that 's not the case . One piece simply rests on another without the beneift of friction , so it falls apart easily when jostled . If this happens while your monitor is resting on the stand , your first instinct might be to tilt the stand so you can reconnect the leg , at which point another leg will likely fall off . Honestly , the whole thing should come with a tube of crazy glue , because it 's a complete failure of a product as-is .
 First , though it appears to be black with dark grey legs -- both in the Amazon picture and on the box it arrives in -- it 's actually a medium grey platform with light grey legs . So if you need it to be a particular color to blend with your desk and monitors , just be aware that there is a bit of false advertising going on here.Second , the adjustable leg pieces are just too big -- about 1.5 inches each -- so it 's very difficult to get exactly the right height . It would be better if they were smaller -LRB- say .75 inches -RRB- , so that you could get the platform to sit at the height you really need.All that said , I have n't seen any better options on Amazon , so I might just stick with it .
 I was disappointed . Its smaller than it looks . I thought I would have had enough room to slide my keyboard underneath . It doesnt fit . Even when I tried to slide it underneath thru the side . The legs of the stand wont allow it .
 the reason I bought this is so that I can put a laptop under the stand . it is too narrow to accomodate a laptop . the width between the risers is 7.5 '' also the risers kept falling off whenever I 'd lift the stand . returned item
 I enjoy this product very much , but I canceled this item within 24hours . The manufacturer sent me this , and I decided to keep it and pay for it though I did n't wanted it . Anyhow , the product is new and good condition.I guess the manner how to deal with is important .
 I purchased this system 8/05 with two handsets . Within 18 months , the handsets began to behave erratically . First , the ringing would go on after the base phone was picked up . Next , the handset would signal `` out of range '' even when inches away . I tried to reset the system but unplugging it ; the two handsets just died.Please save yourself a headache and resist purchasing this utter P.O.S. Shame on Motorola for despoiling their brand in such a cheesy fashion
 This is the worst system i have ever bought The communication is very bad . I do n't recomend it .
 We need someone to help us on this phone . Replaced a similar system with the Motorola and i am shocked at the crappy features ... looks pretty but I ca n't find it functional for our office . Everyone has had problems with the hold feature ... we may just be use to our old system . . but this is driving us all crazy . There is no clear hold button it goes from a conference lcd button to a hold button depending on the 2 line status . Sounds confusing , but in a busy store it 's even worse.We do n't like the volume control either . Do n't like the handset on the wireless it 's too wide ! So . . form and function do n't follow this one anywhere.Hope we can find something else soon ... WE got this for the 2 line feature and expandable handsets ... we wo n't be expanding .
 I purchased this system with the 2 extra handsets . The unit is 5 months old and the answering machine usually does not work and if it does it keeps the line open after the caller hangs up . The 2 extension units do not hold a charge and the screens are illegible . This was a bad purchase .
 The display on the cordless stopped working after a few months . After contacting Motorola several times , they finally sent a replacement unit . This replacement has now stopped working as well and Motorola is refusing to replace it . Do n't buy this unit , spend your money on a better quality product from a different company .
 Battery hold very little charge -LRB- cordless -RRB- . Lost volume of calling party on cordless phone .
 I tried three different phones -LRB- same model -RRB- from three different vendors -LRB- thinking that I was one of the unlucky ones to receive a bad unit -RRB- and they all have very similar ringer problems -- Line 1 ringer does n't work , or the phone does n't ring at any of the extensions when you are on one of the lines , or it Line 1 rings but line 2 does n't . I am very disappointed at the quality of this phone . When I called Motorola tech support , they passed the buck to my phone provider saying something about baud rates and that the company needs to adjust it in order for the phone to work reliably . What a bunch of crap from tech support !!! I currently have a Siemens two-line phone that works just fine , so its obviously an engineering issue with the phone.I ca n't believe a company like Motorola would release such a sub-standard phone to the market . How long have they been in the phone business ?
 I purchased this phone with 3 extensions based on the company 's reputation and the array of nice features . Unfortunately the phone system behaved in unpredictable , erratic ways and require lot of time for debugging . For example , the answering machine would stop picking-up for no apparent reason . Technical support did their best - but after resetting the whole system and still having problems , I have gave up , swapped it for the similar Panasonic system that so far has performed superbly .
 1-on a desk , the craddle does n't hold the receiver that well2 - no signal or light to be seen or heard re
 I , too , bought this phone with 3 extensions based on reputation and features . The range of the cordless handsets is mediocre -LRB- compared even to my old cheap Vtech -RRB- . Worst of all , the handsets wo n't hold a charge ! Even after overnight on the charger , I pick up a phone to answer it , and get beeping for low battery.There is something bad with the circuitry , because I bought a NEW battery for a handset ... and it is somewhat better , but still runs out of gas after only 40 minutes or so of talking.I 'm tossing it out
 Well , it looks nice , it 's small , setup is n't hard , the sound is good , and it has several cute little ringtones . However , this phone has a major design flaw that makes it unusable for me : There is no way to tell the answering system to record silently ! Every time it answers a call , it broadcasts both the OGM and the message that the caller leaves , through the speaker ! There are volume buttons but they make only a slight adjustment , from loud to medium loud.Sometimes , you might not want other people in the room to hear the messages being left on your phone ! Sometimes , you might be sleeping , and do n't want to be disturbed.Apparently , this never occured to the Motorola product designers . DOH !!! What a boneheaded mistake . Mine is for sale .
 Have had my Motorola system for well over a year now . Many , many complaints :1 . the handsets buzz2 . battery life is bad - one of the handsets now lasts about 3 minutes3 . no headset plug on the base unit , which I have to use often because the handsets are so bad .4 . You ca n't read the display on the base unit unless you stand over it and look straight down .5 . If you take the time to assign names to all of your handsets , you lose the names when the power goes out ! This happens even if you put batteries in the base unit .6 . The headset jack on the handset units is nestled into a soft plastic area . Some headsets also have a soft area on the male piece that plugs in . Two soft areas do not connect well ... the headset falls out . I finally found a headset that stays plugged in .
 My review of the unit information before purchase gave me cause for excitement
 While setting this item up , one screw stripped the soft wood of the keyboard drawer and another screw for the height adjustment got stuck and we had to break the screw to remove it just so that we could adjust the height.We decided not to install this under the desk as you 'd have to adjust the height properly before screwing it into the wood desktop .
 Not worth the money.BTW , this is an introduction on writing an outline from a topic in your head , not outlining an age appropriate short essay . No way my son is going to do this without learning to go the other way first . -LRB- also , I am forced into reviewing this as a toy , not sure why -- it is a booklet , not a toy -RRB-
 To both prior commenters D. and R.L. , yes , the clip has a spring that permits it to open , however -LRB- and I 'm `` very '' careful with my pen collection -RRB- , the clip is essentially for show as the spring is far too weak to make the clip functional.Making matters worse , there is also a design flaw in the clip as there is NO indent -LRB- they could have hidden one if the clip was deep enough -RRB- so it simply fails to grasp onto anthing thicker than a sheet of `` Charmin '' ! I was very disappointed since the pen looks great and the idea of a `` stealth '' clip is pretty cool , but alas , IMHO , the clip is purely for looks as it fails to hold even on the thinnest of woven cotton shirts with a fine `` hand '' -LRB- the way a fabric drapes , such as the fabrics Armani uses , the typically fine hand translates to the easily identifiable Armani `` look '' -RRB- . WARNING
 Looking at this pen , one could be forgiven for assuming that it is as functional as it is beautiful . I like working with a thick pen , and this does fill the bill in the regard . However , it is a slippery pen that is somewhat hard to grasp . But the fatal flaw for me is the lack of a clip . From the photo , there is the impression that this pen could be clipped into your shirt pocket . But no . . that is simply a design element . This pen fell out of my pocket so many times that I eventually left it at home . If Cross wants to make a smooth pen without any clip , that is up to them . But the `` faux '' clip was misleading and makes this pen unusable for me .
 Good eye catching pen , writes good , but will fall apart in several months . No heavy duty use , regular use and caring for it , but it will fall apart in several months ...
 I 'm very disappointed in this labeler . It wastes tons of label tape because there is n't a way to change the blank tape margin . It wastes about half of each tape cassette .
 I bought this product 6 months ago anticipating a need to use this shortly . I verified that the product works by making about 8 or 10 labels both using the PC interface and using directly . I left it sitting on the charger as suggested when not in use . A week ago I wanted to make some labels - I can not even turn the product on . I verified that battery is fine and that light comes on when connected to charger . However the unit will not work . The worst part is that I called the company and after three escalations they tell me the same thing - they can not replace and had no interest to find out why the product might have gone so bad for lack of use . They are right that the warranty for exchange is over . I told them that I was going to write a review after usage and they could not care less . They call from a number that is ` out of area ' and like a broken record say the same thing . Amazon may be willing to give partial refund but I also bought lot of tapes for this unit . I am stuck with this lemon . I would have been fine if the company had been more understanding and even offer to see if the cause is a true defect . A culture that the company projects can not create a reliable product and my recommendation is to stay away from this junk.Brother P-Touch PT-18R Rechargeable Labeling System
 This pen is my husband 's all-time favorite . However , this is the 3rd one I 've had to buy for him because after using it daily , the cap loosens , eventually not staying on at all , and the cartridge falls out . He says , after using this pen for YEARS , he 'll never buy another one .
 We have recieved the pen without invoice or option to return , exchange . Pen did not have the right thickness and needs to be replaced .
 Terrible pen - I think it is counterfeit since it does n't appear to be of the same cross quality I am used to . When I twist the barrel to lower the ballpoint it grinds - fit and finish is terrible . I am returning the pen to Amazon and will look into how to determine Chinese counterfeit Cross Pens before I buy in the future .
 This item is not what it says in the description . It is only 500 sheets not 5000 . The reseller is a rip-off artist . They will not return calls and there 800 number is disconnected . Do not buy this product . Do notuse this reseller .
 We recently searched for a cheaper source for this paper and found it through databazar or E-max as they state on Amazon . The description for the product was listed as `` Xerox Multipurpose Pastel - paper - 5000 pcs . -LRB- 3R11056 -RRB- '' . It showed a list price of $ 84.99 and was discounted to $ 13.80 . A great price for this paper considering the amount they advertised . Of course it was too good to be true . They quickly told us that the website was wrong and we had only been charged for 500 sheets of paper and that we could keep it or return it but they would not fill the order ! Their customer service is located in another country and although I am a male I was called Madam over and over . Do n't trust them . If you list it sell it ! The paper showed up half open and the package was clearly torn open to check the color !
 I do n't know anything about gold , so maybe this is typical , or maybe it is some kind of discoloration.Whatever the cause , every time I see the 14 karat version of this pen in a store , it looks halfway like copper . You can see some difference on the Cross website , although their stock image actually looks better than the real thing.Both the higher-content 18 karat pens AND the lower 10 karat models look more like gold . If you want a `` gold '' pen , I would save some money and get the cheaper 10 karat model . It 's a little paler than the 18 karat , but it still looks like gold .
 I found a very attractive price for this pen and the company was stating they had it in stock . So I paid for the pen and waited for almost a month.I bet the company realized they had a wrong -LRB- too low -RRB- price for the pen on their website , so they just waited until I lose patience and ask for a refund .
 We recently searched for a cheaper source for this paper and found it through databazar or E-max as they state on Amazon . The description for the product was listed as `` Xerox Multipurpose Pastel - paper - 5000 pcs . -LRB- 3R11056 -RRB- '' . It showed a list price of $ 84.99 and was discounted to $ 13.80 . A great price for this paper considering the amount they advertised . Of course it was too good to be true . They quickly told us that the website was wrong and we had only been charged for 500 sheets of paper and that we could keep it or return it but they would not fill the order ! Their customer service is located in another country and although I am a male I was called Madam over and over . Do n't trust them . If you list it sell it ! The paper showed up half open and the package was clearly torn open to check the color !
 We recently searched for a cheaper source for this paper and found it through databazar or E-max as they state on Amazon . The description for the product was listed as `` Xerox Multipurpose Pastel - paper - 5000 pcs . -LRB- 3R11056 -RRB- '' . It showed a list price of $ 84.99 and was discounted to $ 13.80 . A great price for this paper considering the amount they advertised . Of course it was too good to be true . They quickly told us that the website was wrong and we had only been charged for 500 sheets of paper and that we could keep it or return it but they would not fill the order ! Their customer service is located in another country and although I am a male I was called Madam over and over . Do n't trust them . If you list it sell it ! The paper showed up half open and the package was clearly torn open to check the color !
 The pen seems to be good . But the major issue is usability . The entire pen is chrome ... it is very difficult to grip the pen as a result while writing . I have bought it ... but do not use it
 I agree with the other reviewer . The part of the pen that you grip when writing is slippery chrome . This makes writing with the pen difficult and uncomfortable .
 I am completly dissatisfied with this pourchase . It is nice pen , however , there are no gel refills that fit the pen . My husband only uses the roller ball pens . There is no way to contact the seller through Amazon and on the invoice that was provided in the package had no contact information at all , just my info . Now I am stuck with a pen that will never be used . To top it off I went to Marshalls last week I saw the same exact pen for $ 10 . I paid $ 30 something for it . I will never buy anything from this seller ever again .
 These arrived with the ink dried up in all three pens . Must be a super old product in the seller 's inventory . Cute design and nice size , but have to send them back .
 It 's very strange but the first roll and part of the second roll worked great . After that , though , there did n't seem to be any adhesive on any of the rest of the rolls . Essentially just rolls of thin plastic with no stick . Quite disappointing to have 4.5 rolls out of the 6-pack to useless . You might want to look elsewhere for some good rolls of packaging tape .
 The tape was n't sticky . I used the tape to mail packages and the tape wouldn ; t even stick to the box . Maybe the tape was old , but I 've never had tape that would n't stick at all .
 BEWARE . Amazon must be selling defective tape at this price . It has almost no stick to it . I used it to seal a package , left it over night and by morning the tape had all popped off . Really strange .
 Listen up ! Tape purchased June 2011 . Two days after ordering
 I hope I should read the 1-star comments before I placed my order . The tapes are totally non-stick . To my surprised , the early negative comments was from January of the last year ! What did they do for the entire year . Did they just continue make the non-stick tapes ? Or they just try to sell all the returned ones to some stupid guys like me ? I will give this product five negative stars if I can . Will return it immediately .
 I got the 6-pack of the heavy duty shipping tape as a gift for Christmas 2010 . I only used 1 1/2 rolls from January to October 2010 . I noticed the tape did not stick well in November . By December , the half roll was not sticking to anything at all . I tested the 4 remaining rolls and they were useless . I never expected this of a 3M product . Very disappointing . Was this a bad batch ?
 Despite the poor reviews , I went ahead and ordered this product assuming it was a one time manufacturing glitch resulting in a bad batch . That does not appear to be the case unless Amazon has failed to take notice and work with Scotch on securing a replacement quantity . The tape I just received was so bad it failed to even stick to itself . I would avoid this item until there definitive evidence the problem has been fixed .
 This tape is obviously made for commercial and industrial packaging , yet the dispenser is so small and cheaply made as to be useless.Take a pass on this one .
 This is n't even tape . The so-called `` sticky '' side barely clings to itself , and absolutely will NOT bind to any box or cardboard . Completely worthless . If I could give negative stars I would . I feel ripped off .
 I bought this about 3 months back and since then every one of them have no stickiness in it , it is hard to package anything with it .
 I read the negative reviews before buying this tape , but I also saw that there were many positive reviews . I thought that maybe the negative reviewers were just unfortunate enough to have received part of a `` bad batch . '' However , I now know that if that was the case , I too received part of that bad batch and if you order this tape , chances are , you will too . It does not stick at all . The problem is not that it does not provide super strong adhesion . The problem is that does not provide ANY adhesion.All you need to know is that THIS TAPE DOES NOT STICK AT ALL.Now I have to go and buy more tape . This purchase was a complete waste . If you 're reading this and you 're on the fence . If you 're thinking , there are some positive review , I 'll give it a shot . Do n't do it . Spend a little more if you have to . I guarantee you 'll be disappointed/upset if you purchase this product . Worse , you 'll remember the negative reviews you read and feel pretty dumb for buying this tape anyway .
 I ordered this tape because we had shipping to do today . I opened it up and guess what - no sticky on the tape . You could n't tape a piece of toilet paper together with this tape !!! Bad buy .
 That 's right , this thing barely sticks . It 's thick , and heavy , but it does n't stick ! What 's the point?Also , these are small rolls , not very efficient . You need to get another roll after taping a couple , maybe three boxes .
 There is no adhesive to my entire roll of tape . Surely with as many people saying the same thing , scotch would have recalled the bad batch . Not wasting my time getting them to replace my tape since I 'm moving this week ! There is a serious problem when an issue was noticed by users 6 months ago and I can still buy worthless tape . :-LRB- do n't waste your money until they recall this batch !
 Just got my 6 rolls of tape , and there is definitely something wrong with this batch . Maybe it 's heat damage , but this tape has no stick . Completely worthless . It does n't even stick to itself.Good thing Amazon has a great retrun policy and procedure . Just went to my order , select `` return '' , it had me print return authorization notice PLUS postage labels . Just re-boxed -LRB- and re-taped with tape that actually works ... LOL -RRB- , and popped it back into my mailbox for pickup . Such an easy return ! One of many reasons I keep shopping on Amazon ...
 this tape does not stick at all - thickness is nice but does n't do anything if the tape does n't stick . maybe the product is old .
 This packing tape will stick to nothing . Often when tape refuses to stick to the box , one can wrap it around to meet itself because it will stick to itself . This wo n't . I do n't know what has happened to 3 M Company , but I will never again buy their packing tape .
 I wish I had read the reviews . This tape does not stick . And when you call the 800 number that 3M provides in the comments , they basically tell you that they will mail you another roll , along with a pre-paid label , and you can return the tape you bought to them . Already used a roll and a half out of your 6 pack ? Ok , they can send you 4 rolls . Nevermind that you 're in the middle of a move , probably with very little time , and that ANY tape , even this defective junk , is better than NO tape . So , if you 're willing to -LRB- 1 -RRB- go to the hardware store for more tape to use in the meantime , -LRB- 2 -RRB- pack a return box -LRB- as if you do n't have enough packing to do -RRB- , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- go to the post office , you can get replacements . Why do n't they just send me a little printing press and ask me to make my own tape ?? But lets not lose sight of the fact that I 'm trying to RETURN TAPE in the first place . Seriously , this is a name brand item , that I paid a premium for - how hard could it be to make tape that sticks ??? I think I 'm done with Scotch tape forever.Edit
 I love the thickness of the tape but the adhesive is sub-standard . It is almost worthless . This product is so bad I am compelled to write my first review of a product . Unfortunately it is n't to praise it . I have used this product before -LRB- purchased individually at a store -RRB- and loved it ; that 's why I bought 6 rolls at one time . I am disappointed .
 I 'm not sure what is wrong with the tape . The first roll I used was sticky . The rest of the rolls would not stick to cardboard . I have had the tape past the time to return it . I threw out 5 rolls , what a waste .
 This `` heavy duty '' packaging tape does not stick to anything ! I used to love the `` Premium Performance '' Packaging Tape but it 's not available anywhere now ... so I am forced to buy this worthless tape . I apply it and it literally peels right off !
 I felt like I had to write review . This tape doesnot stick at all !! Do not buy . Wish I couldget my money back .
 I will not purchase again . Advice - Keep Looking !!! I use the tape to wrap discarded boxes to comply with NYC recycling laws . -LRB- I 'm a loyal FreshDirect.Com customer and they deliver 20 grocery items in 8 boxes -RRB- So , to avoid getting yelled at by my super , I figured I could get away with some inexpensive tape.Nope . The tape stick well enough , but as I was wrapping a box , the tape snapped . This happened about 3 times over 8 boxes . I started wrapping the tape around the box more than once , so it would n't snap.I decided to shop around on Amazon.Com a bit more -LRB- now I decide -RRB- , and there are better tapes with more consistent high ratings . Also , when I did a bit of math , altough the initial price of the other tapes is higher , per inch those tapes are actually cheaper . Plus , when you add the cost of wrapping a box more than once to secure it -LRB- You knew this was coming -RRB- , it makes this tape even more expensive.Bottom line ... will definitely try out the other tapes , and may write a sequel to this review . Have to add ... I 'm a bit surprised at Scotch ... I mean , did n't they make the first tape or something ?? When I was growing up , we never used `` tape '' , it was always `` where 's the ` scotch tape ' ? ''
 maybe i got a defective pack , but this tape does not stick ! i bought this expecting to use less tape per package , but it refused to stick to cardboard boxes . i had to use some cheap tape on top of this tape just so i could mail my packages . i would have returned it , but i used a few out of the package . will not be purchasing this again .
 Usually this kind of tape is so sticky that it is a bit bothersome , but at least it does the job and all is forgiven.Indeed I was , and am , shocked to find this tape simply does not stick . I agree with another reviewer that perhaps this is a bad batch , but how many bad batches can there be?This tape does not stick and can not be used to seal packages . It is quite annoying to have to order a six-pack of these things and find I have wasted time and money.Just today I bought a cheap 7-11 `` brand '' of this packing tape and found it sticks better than the Scotch brand .
 This tape does not stick to cardboard boxes well . I may not be a rocket scientist , but I would think that I could put tape on a cardboard box . This tape does not stick well at all . Perhaps I received a bad batch , regardless , I wo n't be buying it again .
 I purchased 6 rolls and finally am throwing away the last 3 . The tape just does not stick . I ca n't even get it to stick to a paper envelope let alone a box . Heavy duty , it says , but something went wrong with the glue on this batch . If you buy it and have this problem do n't hesitate to return it as not as described . I waited too long and now I ca n't get a refund ...
 There is no adhesive on the tape !! It will not stick to a box , paper , or its self!I demand a refund !
 ALL of the 6 rolls of this tape are defective in that they wo n't start going into a position to use . They tear in crooked little strips that go a couple of inches and stop . I 've now tried to use sll 6 in the pack and they 're all the same.I then tried to stasrt it with a sharp knife and my rewasrd is a cut on my hand .
 The tape arrived , but somewhere along the waythe sticky must have dropped off.All six rolls were without any usable stickiness.I would have sent back but the return time offered by Amazonhad expired by the time I needed to use the stuff.Bad batch I reckon ' ... if you buy I recommendyou check for adhesive quality IMMEDIATELY ! Wish I had ...
 I use Scotch products a lot , especially the tape . I have been buying the larger rolls without the ` holder ' that comes with each one of these rolls . I really dislike that little holder ! When I ordered this package I was thinking of convenience - I would n't have to be holding a box cutter all the time to cut the tape . Well , after applying 2 band-aids to my fingers upon completion of two rolls , I wo n't mind a bit!I was constantly getting my fingers cut by the serrated edge on the holder as I cut the tape . Not only that , but the tape would twist as I was taping the sides of a carton.And , as another reviewer said , there is not much tape on each roll so the holder is just a waste of product/plastic . As far as the sticking capability , I did notice I would have to make sure to run my hand over the tape once it was on the box . I normally do that with any tape I use , but this tape actually ` stood up ' from the box in areas . Odd . It seemed fine once I pressed it all down . But to make sure , I used extra tape around the top and bottom of the box which is not cost effective and I actually used 1 complete roll for 1 large box.No , this product is not for me . I will continue to buy Scotch tape in the larger size without the holder .
 I ship alot of items and I ca n't stand this tape it just wo n't stick . I 've given up with Scotch & gone to another brand that puts it to shame .
 I use at least a roll of packing tape a week , so I am pretty good at using tape dispensers , this product has one major flaw , the very sharp cutting edge is not recessed , so there is nothing to protect your hands or fingers from being cut.I still have a pretty sore finger from my first attempt at using this product , so the experience is quite fresh in my mind . I actually cut my finger trying to remove the piece of cardboard so I could actually use the tape for the first time.There is no caution statement on either the dispenser or the package about very sharp edges , so buyer be warned , and do not let children near this dispenser.The tape itself is great , and the size is good for taking with you to the Post Office if you need to finish packing a box there , but I strongly suggest finding a container to put this tape dispenser in so you do not cut yourself trying to fish it out of your purse or bag.If you frequently use tape , I would recommend a different dispenser : While still sharp , the cutting edge is slightly recessed which will protect your hands and fingers . It is also easy to reload with replacement rolls of tape and out of the many different tape dispensers I have tried , it performs the best.Scotch Packaging Tape Hand Dispenser DP300-RD
 Like everyone before me said , This should n't even be classified as tape . And here they label it as shipping tape ? They only put enough adhesive on so it would stay in a roll and not roll out like a roll of toilet paper . Do not use for anything as there is no safe application for this `` tape ''
 We purchased a box -LRB- 6rolls -RRB- of Heavy Duty Scotch packaging Tape -LRB- # 142-6 -RRB- . I have opened 2 of the rolls and it will not stick to anything . Just wo n't stick !!!!!!!!!!!!! Scotch Packaging Tape , 2 Inches x 800 Inches , 6 Rolls -LRB- 142-6 -RRB- So disappointing . This is the 1st time I have ordered office products from Amazon .
 This tape does n't stick to boxes - it does n't even stick to itself . I thought I could rely on the 3M name to provide me with a high quality product but this product somehow avoided the quality control process at the company . A waste of money , we 've thrown out the four rolls .
 Tape does not stick to anything . I thought I got a bad batch but others have had the same problem .
 I do n't know what is going on with this packaging tape , but it is n't sticky ! I have gone through two rolls wrapping just a few packages because the tape does n't stick to anything except itself . I do n't know what the problem here is , but definitely DO NOT buy this product . I thought it was a fluke , but this is the second time this has happened to me ordering this product !
 Like the adhesive ? This is a great weight of tape but does n't stick . I 'm sending back today . I thought maybe I received a defective batch but after seeing other reviews , maybe not . Steer clear of this product .
 I bought this tape because it was supposed to be heavy duty and it is made by scotch which is a name brand but this tape is horrible . The tape itself is strong and very thick , but the adhesive practically nonexistent . The tape basically sticks like a post it pad .
 I purchased a 6 pack of these and it simply is NOT sticking to the boxes . It wo n't even stick to a piece of paper !!! What is going on ? I have purchased these for years now and this box simply is horrible . Will NOT purchase anymore !!
 We 've used this tape for 20 years , but lately it 's just not sticky . Over the past year , we have purchased 3 packs at Office Depot that have not worked well . Some were sticky enough to get by , but the quality has gone down hill .
 Unless you plan to use all six rolls in a fairly short amount of time , do not buy this six pack . After only a few months , I had to throw four rolls away because they had completely lost their adhesiveness .
 I bought this 6 pack of Scotch heavy duty clear shipping tape that claims to be 20x stronger UPC 51131 86283 and it is totally useless ... it will not stick to anything !!!!! I do n't know if it was an old lot or if their quality control has slipped ... but do n't buy it ... you have to pay to ship it back ... very dissapointed ! I would like to add this edit ... after talking to Scotch consumer support , they will mail another 6 pack of tape and you do not have to return defective lot ... they suspect the issue is the way it was stored hot/cold extremes ...
 This is the worst packaging tape I 've ever bought . Just got a couple rolls of this stuff and it wo n't stick to ANYTHING ! It wo n't stick to the boxes I 'm packing , nor any other surface for that matter . If you want completely useless crap , then buy this item .
 Opened all six roll sin this package . None has enough stickiness to adhere to any package.Also , when comparing prices , note that these are 800 inches , not the normally expected 1000 inches .
 I ordered this tape in bulk because its what I usually use for my business . The tape does n't stick , like its old or something . It will barely adhere paper , let alone stick a label on glass .
 This tape labelled heavy duty has no adhesive on it . I ordered it and did not use it for a month and could not return it . Every roll was bad . Do n't buy it . Just get the regular Scotch Packaging tape . It works much better .
 I was happy to finally stock my supply closet with lots of packing tape at a good price.When I finally got around to opening it to use a roll , it was n't sticky ... about as sticky as a post-it . . maybe!I figured it was a fluke , an aberrant roll . No . They 're all that way!And now my `` return window '' has passed.I thought Scotch was a reliable brand , and has been before now , but this was a major disappointment . If it actually were sticky , it might be good tape . It is certainly tougher than the stuff I usually get that frustratingly splinters into tiny little pieces when you try to get it started . This is solid ... but not sticky . So pretty pointless , unless you 're going to tie it around something !
 This is not a tape ... it does not have any glue . . -LRB- 0 -RRB- Zero glue . It is just a plastic . Do n't waste your money . Amazon must stop selling product like this . Amazon will lose its reputation if they keep selling product like this . Do not buy please ... please ...
 I bought this product about a month ago after seeing so many terrific reviews . But when it arrived , and I started using it , I was perplexed because the tape would NOT STICK to the box I was sealing . It would not stick at all ! I thought there was another layer of something that I should have peeled before applying the tape so I looked as closely as I could at the tape , re-read the simple instructions for how to use it , but with no luck . I unrolled an entire roll of tape but NONE of it would stick . In fact , it would n't even stick to itself ! So I came back on Amazon and immediately noticed that the last handful of reviews -LRB- all submitted in 2011 -RRB- are reporting the same thing.THIS PRODUCT IS CURRENTLY DEFECTIVE . Clearly many bad batches have been made . Until Scotch gets this product right , AVOID it .
 Bought received this item this month , December 2011 , and still get a batch with non-sticky tape . It seems the seller -LRB- Amazon in this case -RRB- has yet to clear out the `` bad batch . '' I have talked to 3M customer service over the phone and 3M promised to send me new replacement rolls -LRB- in return , I have to send the bad rolls back to them -RRB- , so I will wait and see whether the new rolls will work well . I will come back and update this review entry if and when I get the replacement rolls from 3M .
 This tape does not stick at all . Waste of money , never had tape so bad ever in my life . We ship a lot of packages but wont be using this tape since we do n't trust that it will stick throughout the shipping process .
 There is no glue on the tape on any of the rolls . What a rip off . Amazon needs to stop offering this for sale .
 not good advertising . It does not fit my dispenser . and I realized this too late to return it , so I have to use the tape manually . very inconvenient .
 I 've used several rolls of this tape and it usually works very well so I decided to buy a bulk pack . Well , this tape will not stick to cardboard boxes . It sticks to itself great , so I have to use more tape than normal to make sure it overlaps to make a good seal . I do n't know if this tape is old , or it if was not kept in proper conditions , but it 's definitely not not as good as the same exact tape I 've purchased in stores . I 'm going to try one more bulk pack and if that 's the same way , I 'm returning it and cancelling my recurring shipment.Also it 's super loud coming off the roll .
 I 've tried all six rolls in the box , none were sticky . Read the other reviews on here , this is not a defect . When you buy packaging tape , the primary function you want is for the tape to stick to boxes . I will never buy Scotch-brand tape products again .
 I never thought I 'd be disappointed in a Scotch product ... until now . This tape is a HUGE disappointment . It just does n't stick !! I 've been using it mostly to adhere shipping labels to packages and I 've been so frustrated . I 'll try to apply lots of pressure to make it stick , and nothing seems to work . Unfortunately , the whole box is going in the trash !
 Unfortunately , I bought 3 boxes of this tape several months ago and just started using it . It will not stick to anything . I tried every single roll in all 3 boxes and was very disappointed .
 Wanted just a large roll of tape , hate to have to throw away plastic with each roll . Fills the landfills needlessly .
 Very disappointed in this tape . Have used this type of tape for years , and for some reason , this last batch I bought just does not stick to the boxes . So frustrating .
 Do n't waste your money , this stuff does n't stick . It used to be a good product , but now after several tries and several spools , i give up . the quality is gone . looks like they just want the money before the quality . dollar store cheapo rolls stick better than this **** !
 Just another voice to say that this tape is n't sticky . I 've mailed the remains of my 6-pack back to 3M with a letter to that effect . I like to buy products made in the US , but have to look elsewhere . So far , USPS tape seems to work best .
 Maybe my roll is bad but this tape is so shitty . The tape breaks so easily when I am trying to wrap it around the box . Its like the cutter serves no purpose because a gentle breeze is enough to pull the tape apart .
 2 out of the 6 rolls did not have any adhesive whatsoever . It seemed like the only thing holding the Scotch `` tape '' to my packages was static cling . Embarrassingly , I had to resort to another brand of tape to secure my last few packages . Will not buy again .
 I bought this last year for packaging cardboard boxes and I used 1 roll . That one was fine . However , the rest of them -LRB- 5 rolls -RRB- do n't stick on cardboard at all . It feels like just ` post-it ' adhesiveness.Since I do n't have option to return them now , I have to find out other ways I can use them.So far , I had good experience with 3M products and this is the first time that I was very disappointed . I hope the batch was wrong and the later product will be fine .
 I opened a six ! pack of this tape today , a month and a half after Amazon 's refund period , sadly , and the tape does n't stick at all . It actually feels like the forgot to add the tape part of the tape . Silly me , I did n't look at the reviews before buying this . I always do , but this time , I did n't because it was just tape . The same brand I buy all of the time . Except this time , I bought something that they claimed was tape , but a three year old 's fingers are stickier than this . Water woud do a better job than this garbage . That 's $ $ down the drain . What am I supposed to do with six rolls of tape that ca n't perform the one task its supposed to ? Negative 11 stars for this thing . That 's one negative for every dollar I spent .
 I bought a box of six rolls in early 2011 and used one roll then which worked fine . Last month I had finished that roll and needed to start another . I found all the other five rolls in the box had completely lost their adhesive power . They simply would not stick at all . I threw them out . In future I will just have to buy rolls as I need them at the local hardware store.I should add that I have used this product before and it has always performed well , except for this one box.PS
 My tape just does not stick , I have used 3M tape before may times and it is by far better then these particular rolls.There must have been a defective batch made.I now have to use 3 times the amount of tape to feel comfortable that the package will not fall apart . The glue is just not sticky.Since I have already started using the rolls I do not think I can return it .
 As another reviewer mentioned , the tape received is defective/not sticky at all . Perhaps the lot I received is from the same batch ? Whatever the case , buyer beware . I have a high regard for Scotch products , the product received is not usable at all .
 I realized why this product was offered at a discount - it has no adhesive . I do n't know if it was left in a warehouse for too long , but it would not stick to anything , much less its intended use for `` heady duty '' packaging . I returned it and Amazon promptly issued a refund . I had to leave at least 1 star , which goes to Amazon for good customer service .
 This tape does n't stick to anything ! I 've never had less sticky tape . It seemed like the only thing holding it to stuff was static !!!
 I was really disappointed with this tape , it being brand name and all . It only sticks to itself , it would not stick to my boxes , and even when wrapped all the way around onto itself the performance was poor .
 I use this to ship packages and whenever I do , I have to double/triple reinforce each piece of tape . The tape has very minimal amount of glue . It does n't stick very well , and sometimes not at all . I would look for something else .
 ... what else do you need to know ? Seriously -- you have to press down and `` seal '' the tape with superhuman strength to make sure it sticks to anything other than paper . I tried using this to tape a label on a thick , padded envelope and I was able to lift the label and tape off with just the flick of my finger . It works even worse on cardboard .
 Based on the photo and the original List Price of $ 38.49 and the You Save reported as 94 % , I assumed I was getting a screaming deal on an entire BOX of silver gell pens . What I received was a single pen . The seller -LRB- The Price Pros -RRB- is no longer listed and , to their credit , they offered to refund my money and let me keep the pen , but beware something that sounds too good to be true . It probably is !
 I , too , thought that I would be getting an entire box of pens at a closeout price . Instead , a large packaging box arrived with only a single pen in it . The advertisment in Amazon , however , showed an entire box of pens -LRB- 12 pack -RRB- in it . With shipping and handling including , I therefore would up paying near $ 10 for a single pen . SLEAZE , SLEAZE , SLEAZE !!!
 This pen is a disappoinment . It does n't write evenly -- dries up very quickly . Would not purchase it again . Wish I could get a refund !
 Do n't be fooled by the 2-star rating ; I love the Uni-Ball Impact metallic silver pen . It is one of the shiniest , most metallic-looking silvers you will find in a gel pen , and I use it a lot in my artwork . If you are looking for a good silver pen , do buy it . Just do n't buy it here . The price and shipping cost me $ 8.78 just for one pen ! I previously bought a two-pack of Uni-Ball Impact gold and silver pens in an office supply shop for a little over $ 6 , so this is a huge rip-off . To make things worse , the pen I bought from Amazon was advertised to be a package of 12 , so I was vastly disappointed to receive only one pen . The only reason to buy this pen from Amazon is if you have looked in all the shops in your area which sell pens and can not find it , which unfortunately is what happened to me .
 This has got to be the most cheaply made , flimsy , breakable , undependable , piece of trash that has ever been passed off as a storage unit . Please buy this product , if but only to return it to underscore its poor quality to its retailers , distributors , and manufacturers .
 I wish I would have listened to the reviews about low battery life and the annoying `` beeping '' sounds this phone constantly makes ! I have had this phone for 1 week . It did have great sound and clarity ; however , this morning the power went out and the phone went dead . The phone started beeping every 10-15 seconds . It was as if the phone was n't making any kind of connection with the base . I tried all of AT&T 's little `` fix-it 's '' -LRB- actually got a human on the phone -RRB- , but none of them worked . Needless to say , I am sending this phone back and switching brands .
 I have had this phone for about a year -LRB- maybe 18 mos . -RRB- . It has worked great , but lately the battery has been beeping that it 's low . Today my power went off and now it does n't work at all . It seems too soon for the battery to be worn out , so I suspect the charger . Regardless , AT&T does not service this , Phillips Consumer Products does . They have an 800 number that is completely useless -LRB- never an option to speak to a person -RRB- , and told me -LRB- via recording -RRB- that it would cost me $ 84 dollars to have this repaired by them -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- . It may be as simple as a new battery , but I just do n't know and there does n't seem to be any way to find out . A totally frustrating and maddening experience ! -LRB- I did not by this through Amazon , but I 'll probably buy my next one here . I trust them more -RRB- .
 I want to echo other reviewers ' comments that the battery life for this phone is very short . Ours was low and a brief power outage apparently blew out the whole phone . We 've replaced the battery but the phone appears to be quite dead . When it worked , it performed quite well -LRB- good range , excellent clarity -RRB- .
 This is a good phone , it gives great reception , etc. . But 1 -RRB- no headset jack 2 -RRB- I have had it replaced 3 times , the phone just dies after a while , consider a panasonic gigrange or one of the colored vtech 's
 No doubt about it , this phone has exceptional clarity . We have , however , experienced terrible battery performance .1 . Once the handset emits one or two `` beeps , '' we have 5 - 15 seconds -LRB- at most -RRB- to conclude the call before the phone goes completely dead .2 . After six months , the battery seems have lost all `` recharge '' capability . We have to replace the battery already because the maximum life after a full charge is about an hour -LRB- even if you 're not using it ! - if it 's just off the hook & not in use -RRB- . Six months is not an acceptable lifespan !
 This phone has everything at the right price , too bad it does n't work . If a cordless phone is supposed give the user freedom of movement , than this is the ultimate failure . From the first day in operation , the phone 's reception started to break up if you took the phone more than 5 feet from the base , there was no chance if you went into another room . When I called AT&T to troubleshoot , they told me to pull out the antenna - duh , its a fixed length antenna , it does n't extend . Then they told me to ship it back . Why , because they know this product is a DOG !
 When the battery is charging on this phone it beeps constantly . This is a very annoying feature , that we could find no way to turn off . The range and static free signal is excellent . This does not make up for the warning low power feature.We live in a area with frequest power outages , during which the phone runs out of stand-by power . When the power comes back up , the phone begins to beep every 1/2 to 1 minute until it is rechagred -LRB- 8 to 12 hours -RRB- . We tried replacing the battery , the phone proceeded to beep for 3 full days . Our final solution was to buy a new phone -LRB- with out the low power notification -RRB- . If you tend to run the power down on your phone I would caution you against this particular model .
 The phone clarity is okay , but not great . Sounds as if I am talking in an echo chamber which is very disappointing . Distance is good though and I do not get a significant degradation as I leave the base . This is important since I go to my neighbor 's house a lot . One problem - though it fits in my pocket , it is too easy to depress the talk button , causing the darn thing to turn on all the time .
 I bought this phone at the local Office store and it worked great for about a month , then all of a sudden it stopped . It did nothing but beep , no dial tone , nothing ... tried everything , the phone still would n't work.Went back and exchanged it for the new Power Advantage 4.0 AT&T 9520 , it 's everything this phone was n't . Much greater range , very light and compact , fully recharges in only 4 hours and comes with a spare battery , highly recommended . It definitely restored my faith in AT&T .
 I ordered one of these phones from Amazon , thinking it was a great deal . It was ... a great deal of hassle ! It would not charge , or function in any way , so I emailed Amazon , and they sent me a replacement . But the replacement also did n't work , having the exact same problem . I went through the symptoms with people on the manufacturer 's 800 # trouble shooting line , and they said I had got defective units . But two in a row is too much . Needless to say I am returning the phone.I should have stuck with my old brand , Panasonic.It just shows you get what you pay for.Also , I must mention that I thought that the service I got from Amazon was great . They replied very quickly to my emails , and solved the problem -LRB- to the extent they could -RRB- .
 Like others , mine died when its internal recharger soon refused to recharge its battery . This phone worked for 1 week . I wo n't buy another from AT&T . I liked the small size and appearance , but not the range either . I have been using the Escort 9600 spread spectrum digital with up to a 3/4 mile range ! Its even smaller ; pocketable . I take it home from my office -LRB- 1/2 mile away -RRB- and still receive business calls while I 'm goofing off . If you live in a real small town , you do n't need a cell phone with the Escort . Sound quality is good too . The AT&T would n't do that . You can add a basestation antenna extension on the roof if you need more distance ... but few people do . So ... take your chances ... but realize that for this cheap a price you do n't get quality control or reliability even though you might get a decent value .
 This is the most worthless phone I 've owned by ATT . Not as clear as I had hoped . There is an annoying beep . So please listen to other peoples warnings about this phone . What clarity ? I had better clarity in my old 25 channel cordless .
 I thought this phone was so great I had other family members buy it -LRB- BIG MISTAKE ! -RRB- It 's got great range and sound quality but unplug the base or start having low battery problems or a power outage and the phone quickly becomes a bad buy . It 's difficult to correct the incessant beeping and even after a call to Lucent to get a new battery we still had difficulties.There are too many other good products on the market to deal with a crazy maker like this ! If you actually buy this phone you got ta be asking yourself `` Do you feel lucky ... well do ya ? ''
 The form factor of the handset is a bit unweildy
 This is the worst att phone that I have had . DO NOT BUY IT . But all the other ATT phones are great . I have 2 9450 -LRB- good -RRB- and 2 9400 -LRB- bad -RRB- The only problem is that they are all 900mhz DSS and if you are talking on one and so is someone else , if you get too close to the other base or phone it creates interferance -LRB- kind of like what you would get with a digital cell phone -RRB- . But this would probably happen with any DSS/2 .4 ghz phone .
 This phone does n't work with a headset , a necessity if you spend much time on the phone .
 Have been using the phone for two weeks now . While the electrical performance is great , my wife used the phone while wearing sunscreen , which turned the plastic gooey and spotty . I tried cleaning it to no avail . Now it sticks to my hand !
 I am very surprised that a phone of this type does not have remote access As a stockholder I feel ATT should encourage phone use .
 It 's good looking mouse pad , but it started to fall apart after a few weeks . The fabric with the graphics came off.It would be a cool pad if they invested a few more cents in better materials and construction .
 It did help the wrist and was amusing.The mouse pad is made of printed cloth and foam . After some time it absorbs sweat/oil from your wrist and will stink . The cloth print started to fade and smear and peal up after a short time . Perhaps they went to a cheaper manufacturer and so the problems I had did not appear for other reviewers . It was fun for a while but these issues made it not worth it .
 First it took forever for my package to arrive . Then , once it arrived it was the wrong thing . I got the quote i wanted but on a ugly white background . Clearly the advertised product is purple . The liars then refused to refund my shipping .
 I was looking for a cheap thermal printer , so I bought this unit.This unit was brand new , but the battery never held its charge . We had to keep it plugged in to work , and the incessant Lo-BAT beeping -LRB- which can be turned off in the settings , with much effort -RRB- , was annoying.I went back to my old printer .
 I bought this book for a girlfriend of mines gift . The book arrived filthy , and the binding was so rough there was pages falling out . Terrible sale
 I had an answering machine for years and decided to update to a newer model and bought this one because it was closest to the one Consumer Reports recommended - big mistake ! Three months later it 's broken and going thru AT&T 's help line was a big pain . After going thru a bunch of prompts , a tape recording told me to `` replace the batteries and the tape . '' This unit has neither one .
 I suffered with this machine for 30 days before returning it to the store . When you read the package it sounds like a great machine with many useful features . And it would be , if the features worked . The whole machine was unreliable - messages got cut off , sound quality was mixed , I had difficulty reading the display , and the controls were a bit too difficult to use.I switched to a Casio and am much happier . That 's after having owned AT&T answering machines for over 10 years . Please , learn from my mistake .
 I bought this answering machine thinking this would be a low-cost , high-quality alternative to voice mail . You get what you pay for with this turkey . Be careful how you scroll through your call history , for you might find your voice messages inaccessible as a result . See an item in your call history in the first scroll through , then ... poof ... gone without a trace .
 I have purchased a model 1725 machine that did not last 2 weeks . I returned it for repair/exchange and ordered another for a spare , then another for a second line . Less than 3 months later none of these machines are usable . I have lost valuable messages and will not return these for repair -- the service I received leads me to shop for another brand . I have also sold telephones and found that of all the brands that I sold , ATT was the one that was returned the most . Buy another brand !
 ok i got this phone after i saw my brothers , i thought wow that phone is the coolest soo i got it for my birthday , but the one i got had a stick for a intena , what happened was oveer time the intenna started to bend and on day simply snapped off !! no i have a phone with no intena and can now only go tto the other room . on monday i plann to buy the panasonic 2.4 gig for my birthday hpefully this will be a sucses and the intenaa wont be a stick
 I purchased this model V tech VT-1970ci Cordless phone for my work desk a while back , and I was very disapointed by it . I bought it because of its wonderful feature set , which is vast , and makes it a very easy phone to use and operate.Here is the bad news though folks . This phone is just unreliable . Sometimes my calls will fade in and out , and it seems like there is a great distance between me and the person on the other line . If you do adjust the volume the voice just becomes fuzzy and gargled . I suggest you avoid this V Tech phone , spend about ... more and get a digital 900 Mghz phone from Sony . My Sony I have had at home for two years now has been nothing but fantastic .
 The best thing I can say about the VT-1970ci is that it has pretty blue buttons.I have been using the phone three months now , and have been very disappointed with the signal quality . When I use it , there are always lots of pops , hisses , clicks , and fading in and out . The phone also has a bad habit of ringing once , then dropping the caller . I replaced a seven year old Sony cordless that was a much better phone than this one , in every respect.I love Amazon.com though , and I am putting in an order for a new Sony cordless today . This is the first product review I have done , and hope it helps others avoid the mistake of purchasing this VTech phone .
 Generally , a good cordless phone with easy-to-setup and use features ; however , keypad failed in one year nearly to the day of purchase . Have returned phone to VTech for new one and waiting for their response .
 dont get me wrong , i like this phone a lot . has a nice look , lots of features , good range , and is sturdy . but , like a few other customer reviews , i have to agree that during your phone calls , the call will cut in and out . not too much , but the fact that it happens is quite annoying for the price youre paying . another complaint is that the answering machine is very garbled - not clear sounding at all . some messages i can not understand the name , number or message .
 My V-Tech phone has some good points
 The handset is nice . It is easy to read and the buttons work fine . The sound is acceptable . The major flaw with the phone is that it tends to cut your caller in and out . Very disconcerting . Worse , the message we recorded for the answering machine does the same thing . If you do n't mind intermittently missing part of the conversation , this is a good value .
 This phone looks great , and has a ton a cool features . I bought it becuase It looked and sounded cool , but once I recieved my phone I 've never been more disapointed . My old $ 9.99 radio shack phone was 10 times better . This vtech distorts when I talk , and I ordered three of them and checked all three , and all three are not clear atall . They fade in and out and sometimes cut off my caler completely . The answering maching is muffled , DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE , vtech has a long was to go , they need to stick to childrens toys for awhile !
 This phone constantly cuts out on me , even when I 'm within 2 feet of the base . I have a friend with the same phone and it works fine , but somehow mine is bunk . Also the caller ID display is too big and bulky . If you 're going to buy one pray it 's not -LSB- like -RSB- the one I 'm returning .
 The most cheaply made product I have ever seen ! It fell apart after 2 weeks !
 I purchased this `` doodle pad '' for someone who likes to scribble while on the phone . As pictured and described it seemed like a great gift . Unfortunately , I should have been weary of the product name - `` Pro/Con '' - as that was what came in the mail . An ugly pea green color with two columns for , you guessed it , pros and cons about a situation.This seller needs to update their product information so that it accurately details that which they are selling .
 I bought the last one Casio KL-750B , and a tape cartridge , -LRB- the tape was more than the label printer -RRB- . I tried using it and discovered there was no cutting blade . Went back to the store , they said contact Casio . Did that , found no way to get a blade cartridge . So , this `` deal '' was n't . Casio let me down .
 I have used this model of calculator for the last 5 years in my accounting office and then I tried my friend 's Sharp calculator . It was much quieter and ran much more smoothly . Mine rattles when you input numbers . It is so annoying that I am now shopping for a Sharp . Sharp has always made the best desktop calculator so I should n't be suprised .
 I purchased this calculator for office work in May 2011 . After barely three months of use , the keypad no longer inputs the correct numbers . Enter 852.2 and the calculator enters 74100 . There is only a 30 day return policy , so now it 's just a piece of trash.Badly done Casio .
 i 'm unhappy that the contrast to control its lightness or darkness is malfunctioning . maybe , that feature is too elementary for the scientific calculator such as this . i 'll rate it one star . i detect no problem in its tremendous ability to do the arithmetic .
 In the introduction , it is said that `` the FX-300w features a two-line display and supports complex number calculations , algebra , calculus , and 18 levels of parentheses . '' However , I can not find any complex number calculation function on user 's guide . I try to find it by choosing different mode but there is indeed no complex function ! Very disappointed !
 I was surprised to find that Amazon directed me to to the fx-300MS page when I searched for fx-300ES . They are not the same calculator.I prefer not to rate the MS version , but I must do so to bring forward this post . The item I have is the ES version.The major difference between the MS and the ES is the display.I AM REVIEWING THE FX-300ES -LRB- NOT THE MS THAT YOU MAY HAVE LANDED ON -RRB- . If there was a page for for ES , I would give it a 4/5 . The ES has a large multi-line dot matrix display . I bought it becuase it will let me review my entries and correct them . Perfect for balancing the checkbook ... it allows one to review and correct mistakes.At $ 12.99 at Costco , the fx-300ES is a good value just for that capability . Most ` regular ' sub $ 20 calculators do not allow you to go back , reivew , and correct.I 've already got a multi-line advanced scientific calculator ... but I am not going to use it to balance my checkbook ! It is kept safe for engineering.Still , I should note that the fx-300ES is a decent algebraic calculator , well suitued for even a high school student.It has one major flaw that I can see after a few hours of ownershiop . I hope these ` text ' algebraic expressions will be clear . I would not know this if I had not read the manual.I advise anybody buying a ` serious ' calculator to see if they can download the manual from the manufacturers ' Web site . Depdending on mode and method of entry , a simple epression my yield unexpected results on this calculator . Fortunately , this aspect is clearly documented.Example :3 / 2 * pi = 4.7 ~ -LRB- evaluated correctly L to R -RRB- 3 / 2pi = 4.7 ~ -LRB- evaluated incorrectly , not respecting adjacency of the constant -RRB- 3 / -LRB- 2pi -RRB- = .47 ~ -LRB- evaluated correctly -RRB- In linear mode :3,2 piagain not respecting that 2pi must be evaluated firstIn math mode -LRB- only if fractional entry is used ... a nice feature -RRB- :3 ----- 2pi = .47 ~ -LRB- correct as if it were written -RRB- It should be noted that this calculator it is not good for programmers who need binary , hex , etc. .
 Ok , this calculator looks great value with the amont of features , but it also have a very serious bug . The Store and recall function will give you a wrong answer if you do something like this :1 STO A2 STO BRCL A + RCL BThe answer depends on a previous calculation.As a summary , buy this calculator only if you think that money is more important than your projects , grades etc. .
 If you 're in the market for a super basic phone with limited options - than this might be what you 're looking for.The Cortelco Support are willing to help and will call you back when promised . However , they told me there 's no way to dump the phone configs - which I figured out how to do on my own -LRB- message me if you need to know how -RRB- . They have n't followed up with me though on the following issue ... Dial Plans.There 's no option to update or modify your dial plans . It does n't even exist in the configs . I 'm working on hacking this phone a bit more . Once I do - and if I 'm successful - I 'll update my review . The issue start with the inability to use ' * ' codes -LRB- star codes -RRB- . So if your VoIP provider allows you to dial * 67 to block your caller ID - you will not be able to do that with this phone . The embedded dial plan does n't allow anything that starts with a ' * ' . If I would have known about this - I would n't have bought this phone since I use * 123 to access my voicemail . Luckily , my provider FonSWITCH -LSB- ... -RSB- is cool enough to make a work around for me . So I kinda lucked out.The GUI is n't the greatest . If you 're an experienced user - you 'll figure it out after messing with it - but you might be annoyed by the time you do.The phone is n't horrible . It 's super basic . If you have questions - I 'll be more than happy to update my review with your answers .
 While all of the basic features of this phone work fairly well , the most important feature - the battery life - is awful . You will notice that under Product Details , the battery life information is `` unavailable '' . This is telling !!! Even after this phone is fully charged , I am only able to talk for about 45 minutes before the battery goes dead.Whatever the price for this phone , it is not worth buying !
 It 's hard to hear , and if you turn it up , it gets feedback . The battery goes dead after 10 minutes of talking , and it gets worse , it beeps for the last 5 of those minutes .
 This phone is very user-UNFRIENDLY . For starters , there is no backlight on the phone , so you ca n't see the LCD readout or the keypad without independent lighting . Moreover , there is no way to completely turn the sound off when you receive a message , so you still hear the speaker even when you are sleeping -LRB- and have the ringer off ! -RRB- . Next , there is no MUTE button . The handset is very heavy and bulky and gets very tiring to hold next to the ear for an extended period . Programming the phone is OK , but you have to make some unecessary steps just to do everyday things , such as turning the ringer off and returning a call from the callerID . For example , if you locate the number in the memory , why ca n't you just press TALK ? No . It could n't be that easy
 Bought it for about -LRB- $ -RRB- in store . Initially it works fine . No problem with it at all except it takes SEVEN rings to engage the answering machine.After 3 months it gets extremely noisy with static , even when the headset is 2 feet from the base . Switching channels does not help at all . They ALL have this noise . While the phone is right next to a PC , my older cordless does NOT have this problem . I have 3 other phones on the SAME LINE and they are all fine so it must be the phone itself.After 4 months , the battery in the handset is virtually dead . Talktime with the handset is less than 10 minutes . And this is with the phone recharging ALL THE TIME . At least it `` warns '' you about battery going dead , but this is unreasonably short for a phone that 's less than 6 months old ! Discharging and recharging does n't help either . A replacement battery is -LRB- $ -RRB- + S&H ; ! The screen is barely readable , and the buttons on the base are nearly invisible . Controls are almost impossible to figure out without the manual.All in all , this is the worst phone I 've ever purchased . My old Panasonic cordless was better than this .
 I was going to give this product 1 star , but after seeing some other reviews I think that may be harsh.Personally I will never buy this item again , because I use my highlighters occasionally , not every day . My brand new Post It Flag highlighter stored w / cap on in a drawer is dead in a few months - completely dried out , while my favorites - the Sharpie Retractable ones - I bought a year or two ago seem like brand new . Now like others I am keeping a useless highlighter for the flags I never got a chance to use.Sounds like it could be a useful item though for students/professionals that have a need to use it daily however . Maybe 3M could make the product better w/a better capping system to keep them from drying out between uses .
 Great idea , no doubts there . The execution fails . I just got a blister pack of two , an hour ago , I just now attempted to use them both for the first time . I now have two pens that do n't write , but I feel obligated to keep around purely for the Post-It flags in them ... I have n't purchased a dry pen from any manufacturer in over 10 years , what 's the deal ?? I thought `` dry pen '' had been solved already . Come on 3M !!
 Post It Highlighter Pens are fine , but the cost of shipping is just pure evil . I have been in the shipping business and , I would suggest you just purchase from Amazon and not go off into the other sites . IF YOU DO , watch the shipping charges . Outrageous , and by the time I caught it , I could not cancel the shippment , and f I sent the item back , there would be a reshelfing charge . I would call this a `` Gotcha '' purchase and I will never do it again .
 After i recieved this product i found out that they are cheaper in the store . . so i felt like i was taken for a little money ride . The shipping was fine , no problems there , the price was much too high . -LRB- taught me to do some research first -RRB- .
 I purchased this item in last January . I worked fine for few months and then started to drop calls . I called the Uniden customer support and the reprasentative made me reset the phone . It did not help and still the calls get disconnected .
 The cordless extension handsets make loud clicking and popping sounds at random times during conversations . These are extremely annoying and are sometimes uncomfortably loud . There are other glitches as well , but this is by far the worst . If you need a cordless phone , I strongly recommend purchasing a different product .
 I would rate this phone system a negative 5 stars if possible ! I purchased it , along with four additional handsets , when we moved into a very large , old home . I did so on the recommendation of the man who wired our home , and ignored all the poor reviews I read here on amazon.All of the problems have been spelled out already -- poor range , clicking sounds , etc. . In addition , it has WAY too many unneccesary options and bells & whistles , which only muddle up the display and menu options -- I ca n't for the life of me figure out who would use half of them . My husband gets many calls in the middle of the night , and has almost thrown the thing in the toilet several times out of frustration . BIG PROBLEM -- the keys are not lighted , so it 's useless in the dark.Don ' t waste your money -- PLEASE do n't make the mistake I made , and ignore all the negative reviews ; I 'm now saddled with a very expensive phone system that I ca n't stand , frustrates everyone in the house , and that I ca n't really afford to replace .
 I bought my 8825 about 18 months ago . It has worked well in that time , except that it can not survive power surges . About 8 months ago , there was a power surge in my house that damanged the base unit . The problem was that line 1 of the base unit would go off hook , and stay off hook . I got around this by using only line 2 . A few days ago , another surge , and line 2 now shows the same symptoms . I have many other pieces of equipment in my house that interface to phone lines , and none of these were taken out . I will sell my cordless handsets on eBay , and I will look for a new system from another manufacturer .
 I have owned two complete Siemens Gigaset telephone systems , with bases and 5 remote handsets . The feature set and designed operation is excellent , especially for a home based business or small office . But it will all fail within a couple of years . When it happened the first time I thought it was a fluke , so I replaced everything , with the saem results . LCD displays fail , charging stands fail , handsets fail , sound quality drops to zero . If anyone knows of a quality replacement -LRB- Panasonic ? -RRB- please post your thoughts , but I will stay a long way from Siemens products in the future .
 I was looking forward to getting this system for it 's great features , but once I set this system up its been one moment of frustration after another . We began having problems with this system from day one . The cordless phone sound quality is horrible with annoying clicks and pops on all the 3 cordless phones that I purchased . The phones have problems with the redial and directory calling functions . It seems to have a problem not dialing the first digit of the calling number , so I have to manually dial the number EVERY time . This makes it useless for quick callbacks from either the directory or from the caller id list . The base system 's LCD screen went out so that it displays only garbage on the screen . The cordless phones have an annoying intermittent contact problem with the chargers . They randomly begin beeping every 2 seconds until you slam the phone back in the charger . Calling their support people is a further exercise in frustration and gets me no where with this product . This is one of the worst and frustrating products I 've ever purchased . Buyer beware .
 It 's really a shame . I love Siemens designs , features , etc. . . but the quality of their products are horrible . They start off working great , but in time voice quality degrades horribly . Siemens customer support is beyond worthless . They give canned answers and refuse help . Even when they admit they sold faulty product they do n't care . The process for warranty assistance is a pain . And when the product is out of warranty you are totally out of luck . They do not provide repairs , help in locating a repair center , or supply any repair parts . To quote their customer service supervisor `` Our warranty is for one year . We expect our products to last one year . After that we can not assist you . '' -LRB- I asked to talk to a manager but the supervisor refused the request . -RRB- So the bottom line is if you do n't mind replacing your phone every year , try a Siemens . Otherwise try a Panasonic , V-Tech , Sony , etc. . .
 In the summer of 2001 I purchased a Siemens 2420 desk station and handset , similar to the Model 8825 , that had an LCD panel on the base to begin failing shortly after the warranty expired . Slowly the panel deteriorated to an unreadable level . After several calls to Siemens customer service I was advised that
 I got two handsets with the system , after 1 weeks I noticed a lot of waving in the sound to the extent that some calls where dropped or I simply ca n't hear the other party.I called customer support that were friendly and responsive but even during the warranty period they charged me for expensive UPS shipping and handling to replace the set with a * refurbished * one , after a couple of weeks the second set started waving and is almost useless , I called customer support again , charged shipping and handling and got another -LRB- Used set , some number keys are almost worn out -RRB- that still has the same problem but not as bad . The surprise is that after a couple of months , my first handset that I already replaced starting having the waving problem again and I 'm seriously thinking of selling the system now.The directory synchronization is at best primitive and any changes are hardly synchronizing properly . Also there is no auto-redial feature , no backlight on the keys or the set and no auto attendent feature , the internal clock is 2 + mins / hour faster , any minor power interruption resets your phone settings.Definitely not recommended , try the panasonic phone .
 Siemens has a GREAT idea , BUT the implementation and their support is HORRIBLE . The range is terrible -LRB- not even 1/2 the house -RRB- and Siemens does n't care if you call . A 900 mHz Sony does 20 times as far in the same house . In short if you buy this , prepare to be terribly disappointed .
 If you buy this phone after reading all of these reviews you deserve what you get , and what you 'll get is a very expensive piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- . The LCD displays are of poor quality and will probably break within the year warranty . My handset display and the base station display both had LCD segments that quit displaying.When talking on the handset you may experience `` chopping '' in transmission and reception . It seems like the handset can not lock on to the signal from the base station . If you experience this , you are out of luck because replacing the phones will not solve this problem -LRB- I 've tried 4 handsets -RRB- . It would appear that the phones are poorly shielded from interference.This is a fairly complicated phone to setup and use . You will have to read the manual to understand how to setup the phone and use the many features . This will be a sore spot if you have a spouse that does not like reading manuals.If you ignore all these poor reviews and buy the phone , good luck explaining to your spouse why you spent so much money on a complicated phone that works worse than the -LSB- less expensive -RSB- 900Mhz phone that you just replaced .
 I ca n't wait to get rid of it , even though I made a considerable investment in it -LRB- the base station and 5 additional handsets -RRB- .1 -RRB- Very poor user interfaceCommonly used features are buried in the menus . For example , to delete messages , you must use a convoluted menu and drill four levels deep . Miss a beat ? You get to start over . Records all `` unavailable '' calls as separate calls -LRB- where it displays one time for known callers .2 -RRB- -LSB- Poor -RSB- documentationIs the documentation confusing because the design of the phone does n't make sense ? Whatever the case , the documentation is nearly worthless .3 -RRB- The handsets are unreliableBetter talk fast , because your handset battery will last about 20 minutes and then die . Do n't ever leave a handset sitting out of the charger over night because it will wake you with its beeping before it dies . I have five handsets , and 2 of them have buttons that stopped working properly within several months .
 I purchased the Siemens base staton and 4 handset units . Within 3 months , two of the handsets were unusable -LRB- battery stopped charging and the other unit had too much static -RRB- . The ones that are still usable are lously at best . Scratchy sound , and voices fade in and out . The bright side to this sad report is that the base station is great ! It is easy to configure and works very well in all aspects . Do not buy this system if you intend to expand it by using additional handsets !
 German engineering is n't all it 's cracked up to be . I had a Siemens 4215 that died 14 months after I bought it . The handset just stopped charging . I called Siemens and they basically told me that their POS was no longer under warranty and they had no way of repairing it , even at my cost . I thought about buying this unit but just decided to go with the 5.8 Panasonic . Siemens products simply self destruct . I 'd take the 2nd wireless handset and the extra 40 bucks in my pocket rather than having a Siemens unit .
 Like many people , I work at home and purchased this system to use for both business and personal calls . Our house got hit by lightning last year and we lost 3 cordless phones so I was excited to find a product that seemed to offer more convenience . Unfortunately , the system has not worked well for my situation.First , it is not possible to initiate calls from Line 2 while using a handset unless Line 1 is already in use . I have assigned my home phone number to Line 1 and my business number to line 2 . I can accept business calls from any handset but if I want to place a call , I have to return to the base unit or else the long distance charge will be on my home telephone bill.Second , the display on the handset is not programmable . Ideally , the display would show the extension number . Given the amount of money I spent on this system -LRB- plus 4 handsets -RRB- , it is hard to believe that I had to write the extension numbers on the handsets with a sharpie to make sure that they are n't inadvertently left in the wrong room.My third complaint is a loud clicking noise when using the handsets . The manual says to move the base set away from other electronics but , give me a break ... who 's NOT going to locate the base set in the general vicinity of a computer or monitor ? I have a laptop with a port replicator and even when I remove the laptop and turn off the monitor , the clicking noise persists.Finally , I can tell you that the programming options and menu options are anything but intuitive . Yes , if you have the manual in front of you , you can figure out how to retrieve messages on a handset , but do n't try to remember how to do it without the manual or to explain it to anyone else in your household because they 're just not going to get it.At this point , I 'm almost hoping that our house will be hit by lightning again so that I can replace this system !
 First of all , like clockwork , Siemens phones fail at or after the warranty period . In the meantime , the battery system is unpredictably poor in performance.When you do have a problem , their customer service is very apathetic and you can bet you will receive a refurbished one to replace your defective unit . Do n't believe me ? Check out on websites how many refurbished units this company sells . I would suggest a Vtech or Panasonic .
 Feature-wise , this phone was perfect for me . The quality of the base station seemed very solid , right down to the push buttons and overall aesthetics . However , the handset was very noisy w/intermittent squawks even without the microwave running . When the microwave was on , forget it . I really wanted to like this phone , but audio quality is paramount . It misses badly on what should be its best attribute . I returned it .
 I thought since this was a German product it would be smart and high quality but if Siemen 's made cars they would Chrysler K-cars or Yugos at best - NOT BMW 's . Aside from the completely unintuitive interface my base station display began to systematically disappear , until now , where I find myself two years down the road shopping for a new phone system because the display only has about 5 working pixels which means I ca n't change the message since I ca n't navigate the stupid menus . Yesterday it quit ringing which is sort of the icing on a very stale cake.If you buy this phone you will be sadly disappointed in time - there 's no way this company is German ...
 This is the worst phone system you could buy . I have many friends that agree . All of the handsets will fail to work within two years . Either they will not hold a charge or they will become inaudible . I have spoken with Siemens many times , I have purchased replacements and even they admit that it is common for these phones to simply die within a year or two . They claim that `` it is a common occurance with electronic phones '' . It is too bad because they had the right idea but unfortunately , it is simply an inferior product .
 Ordered this system through Amazon 2 years ago . NOTHING BUT TROUBLE . Wrong color phones in the box , which Siemens never replaced with the correct color.Started having warbling , gurgling transmissions within 6 months . Siemens advised to reset the system each time we complained , then after the warranty expired , refused to give us our money back because we had exceeded the warranty . After much complaining , they finally sent a refurbished replacement system , which began to warble and gurgle shortly after we plugged it in.Siemens refuses to give us our money back . Avoid this company and their products . They are not pleasant to deal with ...
 Real quick ... read the other reviews here and you will understand and see they all have the same theme
 This telephone system is n't all its cracked up to be . They constantly need recharging and sometimes just cut me off in the middle of a telephone call . Also , the display suddenly does n't work and Seimens refuses to fix it.I gave it a rating of one because it looks good and it has good features . But what good are the features if the whole thing does n't work anyway . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Okay phone as a stand-alone unit . However , avoid multiple base stations.I purchased two base stations and an extra -LRB- third -RRB- cordless handset thinking that my home offices could also use these systems as an intercom . No so , each cordless unit can only register to one base station at at time . That means that the other base station will not be able to intercom a cordless handset that is not registered to it . Sound confusing ? Maybe a little . The short of it is that I have 2 base stations and 3 cordless handsets and I can not intercom completely between them.Otherwise , the system is okay . The cordless unit has a built in speakerphone , which is nice .
 We have the base speakerphone as the ONLY working phone in the house . NONE of the other four handsets work ; they all clunked at about a year after purchase at the same time . We have a large home and initially these phones were perfect for us , but we expected more longevity , especially after paying a small fortune . Our phone co. stopped selling them due to complaints , and everyone we know that has them had problems . Great concept , inferior product .
 I have the 2420 . . the 8825 's predecessor . When I first got it , I thought it was great . My partner and a close friend both got them on my recommendation . Within weeks , we all experienced what can only be decribed as `` garbled '' conversations ... like we were talking underwater . Called Customer service and they said to just reboot the system . Cleared it up for a week or two . Switched handsets around . One would always have the problem . We all had this exact experience . I like the looks and functions on the Siemens , but my experience , echoed by those who have apparently purchased the 8825 , makes me fearful to replace my old junk with new junk . Fool me once , shame on you ; fool me twice , shame on ME !
 After reading the reviews about the clicking and interference , I bought the newer 8825 to replace my older model . I assumed the reviews about the loud clicking were from ex-Siemens employees . I DO have a wireless network -LRB- I know this was mentioned in a review -RRB- and this phones clicks like CRAZY . People are always asking what that clicking is . I 'd like to give it 1.001 stars since I do like the look of the phone . Oh , I almost forget , the volume is terribly low . I ca n't go on my terrace when the ocean is rough without straining to hear the other person . They really should offer a highly discounted price for 8825 owners if or when they fix these 2 major problems in the next model .
 After using this phone system in a business for well over a year , I am sorry on a daily basis that I ever purchased it . The long and short of it : The worst interface I have ever seen on a phone . I have hung up on 4 times as many people as I have ever succesfully put on hold.The worst battery life I have ever seen in a cordless phone . Do n't bother replacing the batteries , as it wo n't help . I have multiple independently-purchased handsets , and they all have the same issue.Reception and sound quality are mediocre in general , but are extremely deleteriously affected by wifi networks and microwave ovens ... basically anything putting out microwave radiation in a similar frequency.It looks like a great set of features , but the phone will make you sorry you ever bought it the longer you have to put up with all of it 's unfortunate idiosyncrasies .
 I purhased three sets and three handsets for our new home because i needed the two line capacity . The result ? A bust at best ! The reception for the cordless phone is very poor . The engineering is poor , for example , you can not get into line two from the cordless phone . If you are looking for a 2 line cordless phone that works - stay away . The Vtech was a winner hands down - less money and works better !
 - Phone & its handsets are mediocre at best . - Siemens support not very forthcoming/helpful . - Design & features not well or professionally thought out . - No battery backup for date / time . Any power loss requires resetting ; - Speakerphone on handset , but does not ` mute ' ; - Controls not easy to use ; - Phone 's number listing not easy to enter or maintain.At first glance this unit appeared promising . I am very disappointed , with the telephone , the headset -LRB- s -RRB- , and Siemens . I have found a replacement system , which will cost less , and do more . I will never by a Siemens product again .
 I was an owner of Siemens Gigaset System . Nice concept but AWFUL , AWFUL hardware . The system finally gave out this past week after numerous gliches . Siemens did not stand behind their inferior product . I just bought the Panasonic 5.8 ghtz set . Much better .
 I have purchased 3 sets , yes , THREE ! Two of which I had to return because both units were defective.The first return was the result of the all of the answering machine buttons flashing continuously without any messages . The second return was for a defective handset that refused to register with the base station.The handset has very poor standby time and no mute . Programming the phone was arduous . Although after programming the directory , sending the directory to the handset was a cinch . Do not purchase this phone if you want to share other wireless transmitters in the same environment . This phone creates an incredible amount of interference.I did decide to keep the third set to test long term but I sincerely think that this last set will complete its warranty period .
 I purchased this phone hoping to be able to add phones to bedrooms without having to install jacks into each wall . This phone worked for about 3 - 4 days . The handsets were always unstable , dropping signals and hanging up on callers every now and then , but the entire thing just stopped working within a week of owning it . When I started to research the phone , I found a lot of compalints . Do n't be fooled by the false promise of this product . Go with a better name model like the AT&T . GE or Panasonic .
 After purchasing this phone from Amazon.com , I absolutely could not wait to use the phone system . It read in the description like the 2.4 GHz phone of my dreams with its small size , two lines , hidden antenna , answering machine , advanced caller ID , and directory features that appeared to be similar to my cellular phone.Yet in reality , it 's horrible because Siemens took a phone that could have been easy to use and made it absolutely as hard as possible.The command and menu system on every phone is arduous and almost nothing can be done at a touch of a button . When you pick up a phone line , it automatically defaults with a preference to one line or another -LRB- meaning I ca n't select to use line one instead of line two without digging through menus -RRB- . The phone defaults to disallow call barging -- great if you want privacy on the Siemens system , but horrible if you want to have two people talking on one line . The list goes on and on , but can best summarized by saying it will the least simple phone you have ever owned.I can program my VCR , I can program my ReplayTV , and I have a computer navigation system in my car . I can absolutely tell you that this is the most difficult phone system I have ever seen implemented in a `` home / home office '' two-line unit.The speakerphone on the handset works fine , but there 's no mute button on the base . That means if you 're on hold using the speakerphone your every word -LRB- or background noise -RRB- is broadcast . Siemens thought out this phone very , very poorly.So if you read about the phone and you 're excited -- you 're right -- it 's a great phone on paper . After spending nearly a month with it as a highly motivated buyer I can tell you that it 's a horrible phone in reality and I 'll revert back to 900 MHz before keeping it .
 Had a Gigaset 2420 - very expensive , worked great for about 2 yrs - then like everyone else that bought one experienced bad display and warbling when on calls . Looked for replacements and found the Gigaset 8825 had the best feature set for the money - bought into Siemens again for even more $ $ $ $ The phone out of the box had clicks and pops in the cordless conversations - then lately -LRB- 1.5 yrs old -RRB- the caller ID on line one no longer works . Sad - Very Sad I have to see if I bought this on one of those credit cards that automatically extends wty - Siemens does not want anything to do with it - their 800 # support only helps their newest prey - the tech I reached on their toll # only said the phone was shot and bring it to a service center . Collectively people have lost a lot of money to this company . I for one will not buy any Siemens product again - ever .
 The AC adapter for my phone just died so I call the phone number they plaster on the phone and on every manual . The recording says to email them or goto their website and then it hangs up . Why even give a phone number ? I email them as instructed and the email comes back as not working . So I am still trying to figure out how to make a warranty claim.With that said , like many others I hear an annoying clicking on the portable phone as well . Also the controls are not very intuitive . You will have to use the manual repeatedly.On the good side it is an attractive design and the portable phone battery lasts for a long period of time .
 After only a year , the LCD display did n't work properly . More and more segments of the display faded away . The maximum range of the wireless handsets is far inferior to another cordless phone from Uniden which I also own . I would advise everyone to avoid Siemens cordless phones .
 I rated this product a few weeks ago , but am lowering the rating even further now . I would give it ZERO stars if I could . Our unit experienced problems in early August . We sent it in for replacement , under warranty . And waited . On 9/10 , I called and was told replacements were on backorder til 9/23 . That really fried me -- in my original calls , they never mentioned any delay in replacing the unit ! All this time , we had NO answering machine -LRB- for both business and personal calls -RRB- . Today , on 9/26 , I called again . Now the replacements are on backorder out of Germany until NOVEMBER 15 !!! They had `` unusually large demand '' , the customer service -LRB- and I use that term lightly -RRB- supervisor told me , and admitted priority had been given to NEW SALES over warranty replacements ! No one can authorize any prompter replacement for me . Nor will they authorize reimbursement to me -LRB- this unit , as I 'd want another , is readily available on Amazon.com -RRB- . So , I 'm forced to buy SOMETHING now ... what good is replacement to me then ? They can not even NOTIFY me if and when replacements become available , or the backorder date moves out again !!! They `` are n't set up to do that . '' Do n't be trapped by this cool gadget ... RUN ... it might seem great for a few months , but based on the number of problems I see recorded in these reviews , you WILL have problems and you WILL be burned by Siemens ' ambivalence toward customer service !
 I purchased a brand new Gigaset 8825 phone along with several additional handsets . I too , like many of the other reviewers here , was delighted with the new phone . The array of features and its clean style convinced me to buy this phone . However , these appearances are deceiving . As it turns out , the phone only comes with a one-year warranty . If after that point , the phone is found to be defective , there is nothing that can be done to repair it . This is because Siemens does not have a repair center for these very phones . I was shocked that such a reputable company that sells phones geared towards businesses does not have a repair center . After a little over a year , all of my handsets began making `` clicking '' noises during my calls - noises which both parties on the phone could hear . I called Siemens to ask for help with my phones , and I was told that there is nothing that can be done except to `` try using my phone in different locations . '' So now , I am stuck with -LSB- money -RSB- worth of defective equipment . I regret my decision to choose Siemens over Panasonic when I purchased my phones . My old and inexpensive Panasonic phone experiences no problem , while my new and expensive Siemens phone constantly gives me unclear reception.Therefore , do not let the appearance and features of the phone win you over . If you are looking for a long term investment , I do not recommend that Siemens be your choice for phones . The quality that I once thought Siemens stood for is diminished with the Siemens Gigaset 8825 .
 Within two weeks the answering machine portion of this system broke . The technical support person and his supervisor told me the only way to get it fixed was for them to send me a box , have me send the phone in and then they would send me a new phone . They estimated the time I would be without a phone would be about 10 days . I do n't know anyone who can go 10 days at home without a phone . For a firm that has 85,000 employees and billions in revenue I ca n't believe they could have come up with a more insane return policy . Also the reception is n't nearly what they said . In my house I am 20 yards from the base station and the phone will not work in my office . They informed me that there was n't anything I could do , no additional antennae &#65533; s or anything to resolve the problem.Poor Management and Poor Product !! Buy the Panasonic !!!!!!
 I have to agree with others about the poor quality of the Gigaset 2420 phone . I 'm on my second Gigaset 2420 in the same number on years . My fist one developed a problem with the handset where it would n't recognize the base station anymore.I bought another one about a year ago & now the base station locks up periodically with all the buttons lighting up & requiring the power to be cycled before it works again . The handset battery charger has failed & the reception is very sporadic.Hard to believable for a -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- phone & a company that has it 's deepest roots in the business not consumer market.I was considering upgrading to the Gigaset 8825 if Siemens is willing to take my problematic Gigaset 2420 & offer a credit on the 8825 . I have n't found another SOHO phone system with similar features offered by the 8825 but I 'm concerned reading that others are experiencing similar quality problems with their 8825 !! I 'll have to take a closer look at the top of the line Panasonic & maybe give up some fancy features for reliability!I 'm actually concerned that phone experts like Hello-Direct . com do n't even carry Siemens products !?
 I purchased the 8825 as a replacement for the previous model , primarily because it has a better cordless handset , with speakerphone -LRB- something i wanted -RRB- . Everything is ok , with the exception of the recorded voice quality and the corded handset . While using the corded handset , I hear a loud buzzing if about 1-2 feet away from , and in line with , the antenna . I have diagnosed the problem to a badly shielded handset . If you hold the handset near the antenna , with either the corded end , or the back , of the handset next to the antenna , i hear the buzzing ... strongest at the middle . I called Siemens , and they said it was a bad cord ... not so . I also tried a toroid on the cord , to no avail . This is a disappointment , since the previous version has better sound , and no buzz problem . None of these multi handset systems are perfect . I looked at the Panasonic kxtg2000b , but no mute on the base or handset , and more complicated to use . Really disappointed in this product .
 I have n't found much that does n't interfere with this phones reception . The microwave and wi-fi leave me unable to talk . ... check these things first `` before you buy this '' . After 1 year I am now considering purchasing a new -LRB- but different brand -RRB- of phone . This guy was n't cheap and I expected a lot better than I got for the money . This phone makes Radio Shack the quality leader in phone manufacturing .
 I only gave it one star because there is n't a minus 10-star rating ! Poor reception , voice quality is worse than an analog cell phone , range is limited -LRB- does n't even work upstairs -RRB- , and probably the worst customer service I have ever experienced from a company . Do I need say more ? DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE -LRB- or any Siemans phone for that matter -RRB- unless you enjoy being slowly tortured !!!
 Great features , very poor performance . This would be everything you want in a phone system , if only it worked . Very short range , many dropped calls , and a weird `` underwater '' sound on many calls , even less than 50 feet from the base station . Siemens really should offer full-value refunds . I ca n't imagine ever buying another Siemens product .
 I could n't agree more strongly with all the other 1-star reviews of this clunky phone . This expensive phone system was and remains garbage that is impossible to unload years later due to the costly initial investment in the base plus 8 cordless phones that function but with very poor man-machine interface and low fuctionality even for 10 yrs ago . I do n't know why Siemens got out of the phone business but suspect this was the canary in the mine shaft for a lot of residential and small business customers to run from the Siemens name and never look back.Based on their previous reputation for stolid technical engineering and typical German standards of Quality , I invested in a Siemens scalable Small Business phone system for my start up company at the same time I purchased this CRAP 8825 Gigaset with 8 count 'em 8 -LRB- the max -RRB- cordless phones spread throughout my home . I had the best money could buy at both my office and my home . Within months , Siemens had dumped their US business phone support onto a succesion of shells with declining levels of customer support and a slick way to evade liability for same . Death by water torture for purchasers of their business systems.Purchasers of the 8825 Gigaset are left with an expensive Teutonic white elephant that works but is a clunky functional oddity . No reason to dump it . No good reason not to blow it in place . Burned twice . I 've actually fared better as a businessman than my Siemens purchases would indicate -- perhaps because I do n't throw aways stuff if it still works to minimal expectation just because it 's not the latest cool thing . I do not wish Siemens well . I do wish they would just go away .
 We ordered this phone and have had problems with it from Day 1 . The base station phone has a strange connection that may occur at any time during a conversation that sounds like you are in a barrell . This appears to be a common issue with the phone , as we have had numerous conversations with Siemans Customer Service working us through several complicated steps to correct the problem.After these efforts failed , we were instructed to return the phone for a replacement . We were not informed that Siemans does not have any phones to send us , so we are waiting for over 3 months to get a replacement . When speaking to their Customer Service , they offer no compensation , no refund , no nothing . Just tell us to wait . `` They do n't have any ability to help us '' . What a horrible phone , lousy customer service and lousy factory response.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!
 I bought this phone system about two years ago at the insistence of my fiance at the time -LRB- now wife -RRB- so we could combine our phone systems after we moved in together . She loved the style and features of the phone -LRB- she works from home -RRB- and I had to agree - it was attractive with nice features.Shortly after we moved in together and combined the system , the problems began . First , one of our two base unit 's display failed , then the other base unit line 1 failed -LRB- line open - can not hang up -RRB- . We used the other one to replace the mother board and it worked fine for about six months , when that mother board -LRB- again , line 1 -RRB- failed again . We purchased another base set on eBay to replace the one we had , and kept some of working parts from the other two base stations just in case . Sure enough , the display began to fail , so we replaced it with the one remaining , then sure enough , the motherboard failed . By this time , we noticed it seemed to fail around the time we had power outages -LRB- fairly common in the DC area -RRB- . We purchased another base station and put it on a surge protector . Maybe four months later , it failed as well , again due to a power surge and despite the fact it was on a surge protector . This unit is unacceptably succeptable to power surges . My wife and I actually had discussed that that was the last base we would purchase , but she forgot and purchased another -LRB- yes , our fifth -RRB- . Died this morning , after a power outage , again.We 've also had problems with the handset . We could never get one of them to synch to a couple of the bases , and the popping & cracking from our wireless LAN is both unbelievable and unacceptable.Tomorrow my wife is going to go out and get the Panasonic 5.8 - we 've read nothing but good stuff about it , have some other Panasonic equipment , and have been very happy -LRB- actually the phone I had before the Siemens was a Panasonic , and it worked flawlessly until I accidentally dropped it in the toilet -RRB- . Bottom line - this is trash , avoid it at all costs and if anyone has the gumption to file a class-action lawsuit against Siemens under our consumer lemon laws - sign me up .
 I purchase the Siemens 8825 with 2 extra handsets in August 2002 for my home office . The setup of the phone system was awkward but after reading through the 113 page manual I finally got the system up and working . I first noticed headset drop-out while walking around my home and talking on the phone . It made a constant loud clicking noise and the range of the cordless handsets was poor.In June of 2003 the phone stopped working ; it went off hook on line 1 without having to pick up the base station handset . I called customer service -LRB- hold time 20 minutes -RRB- . They said that the phone was still within the warranty period -LRB- one year -RRB- and that they would send out a new unit and that I should send the old one back , which was June 9th . On June 17th I called them again -LRB- 20 minute hold -RRB- and said that I still had n't received the replacement phone . The customer service reprehensive said that it was on its way from their West Virginia warehouse . I called again on June 23rd -LRB- 30 minute hold time -RRB- and spoke with a manager who finally had the new phone shipped to me on June 26th . It is now October 15th and the new phone I received this past June has failed again with the same off hook problem I had in June . I called customer service and they said that the warranty was up and THEY DO NOT REPAIR THEIR 8825 SYSTEMS . I will have to buy a new base station at market price.Buyer bewareSteve Cocklin
 We have had this phone system for over a year now and it is absolutely worthless . We thought it would be great to have several handsets attached to only one base , because you could have phones all over the house - and it was great until they just started falling apart.Whatever you do DO NOT drop the phone because it will bust - this happened to two handsets - that is the end of them . I have owned many cordless phones that you could throw against a wall a million times and they would n't even falter . Another thing is the battery life - it is horrible . If you just must have this system then go to Radio Shack and purchase lithium batteries for it . However , the range will still be awful . The only part of the system that is trustworthy is the base . Now , I will have to say we have n't had any problems with that , but then again - you 're stuck to a cord in the wall.The Siemens support has been worthless as well . They obviously know that their system -LSB- stinks -RSB- cause they do n't really care about your satisfaction - I guess cause they 're tired of hearing it ! We researched this phone on consumer reports and took the advice of several neighbors who own the phone - and have since been sorry themselves . Save yourself some grief and stress and research another phone - I 'm still looking !
 I had the previous line of phones and paid hundreds of dollars for it only to find that a power outage destroyed line 1 . Siemens would n't fix it and essentially told me I was out of luck . I swore never to buy another Siemen 's product . I was curious about the new generation phones and I see that they still have the identical problem . It does n't surprise me . They showed zero interest when I reported the problem so how could they redesign the next generation of phones to deal with it .
 I purchased this phone system in May , 2003 . -LRB- Spent about $ 350.00 , incl . a 2nd handset . -RRB- During the past year I was without the phone for a month while waiting for the base unit to be repaired -LRB- by Siemans -RRB- . After a power outage in June , 2004 Line 1 no longer worked -LRB- a busy signal if you called it -RRB- . After troubleshooting it with their `` Tech Support '' , I was told that I have to take it to an electronics repair store . Siemans will not repair it - even at my expense . The base unit is just too prone to problems . I definitely will not purchase another Siemans telephone system .
 At first the phones seemed excellent . The user interface is good , they were easily programmed and the ability to share programming information between handsets -- it does require `` sending '' from one set to another -- was better than anything else we had tried . In the first week with the phone there was only one or two instances where we had transmitter problems , and the battery only died once . Overall I was very happy.After about three weeks , I had completely changed my opinion . We were unable to carry on a conversation with anyone for more than ten or fifteen minutes before the handset and base unit started to lose sync . Typically , the handset loses sync with the base and you start to hear an `` underwater bubbling sound . '' The caller usually ca n't hear us , or just hears an occasional syllable past the `` bubbling . `` We found that by changing the angle of the handset , aligning it lengthwise with the base unit -LRB- very awkward at times -RRB- that the bubbling would sometimes go away for a time . This usually worked within 100 feet of the base unit , but not always . At about 200 feet from the base unit , it was hopeless.We bought this phone with high expectations -LRB- including four additional handsets -RRB- for our 2,400 square foot home . We placed the base transmitter as specified , centrally and without any significant obstructions to most of our property . Unfortunately Siemens was unwilling to help beyond making a few general suggestions regarding placement of the transmitters and having the telephone company check our lines -LRB- not the problem -- no other phone in the house has the `` bubbling '' issue -RRB- . The phones are now sitting in our basement in a plastic bag -LRB- all $ 500 worth of them -RRB- . We replaced them with some cheap Uniden $ 69 models -LRB- bought one two-phone set for one line , another for the other line -RRB- . That works fine and was much more affordable . Unfortunately , we did n't realize the problems with the Siemens phone were endemic , otherwise we would have returned them within 30 days .
 I am absolutely appalled with Siemens . I used a Panasonic 900MHz phone for years without a single problem - it was n't great but it always worked . I bought the Siemens 2-line phone system and everything worked great for about a year ... great sound , great features ... but then as the year wore on - and the warranty was about to expire - problems started . The first of three handsets started a stoccato reception , a key pad number failed ... it was barely inside the warranty period so I received a `` refurbished '' handset ... Well , long story short , it 's been 2 years now and all three of the handsets have failed in some way or another . The Display on one has completely died . The display on another comes and goes . One just died altogether . And that stoccato reception was on all 3 . That makes a total of 4 handsets that I have failed . They 're in a box now in the closet . I 'm using the Panasonic again.I called customary service - before I knew how rampant these problems were - and I expected Siemens to send me 3 refurbished phones because I expected them to stand behind their products . They politely blew me off . It was beyond the warranty and would be glad to sell me new phones ... ... It looks good , and it works for a while and then it fails right when the warranty expires . Be Warned .
 If you 'd asked me a year ago I would have said that I loved this system . But now , the displays on three of my handsets are blown and the base station dropped one of the two lines . Siemens is no help at all . Their only advice was to buy another system . Fat chance ! This would be terriffic if it actually worked .
 All the issues have been mentioned . I too have the clicking and garbled sounds on the handset . This product self destructs and the refurbished trash they send you is just as bad . What 's most annoying is that I recommended this system to a friend because it worked fine for a while but his system has turned to junk as well . I know Siemens products from Germany and ca n't believe they would sell this junk in the US .
 My experience with the Siemens telephone has been lousy . Poor range , static and lost signal.The company does n't stand behind their equipment and is arrogant on top of that.I will never buy another Siemens consumer product even though I have family living in Germany .
 In April 2002 I purchased a Siemens 8825 Gigaset base and 6 additional handsets . Last week line 2 went out and we called the phone company thinking that there was a problem with the incoming line . Sure enough , it was the base unit . I called Siemens Tech Support and got the very clear message that since my phone was purchased more than a year ago -LRB- 1 year and 3 months ago , to be exact -RRB- there is nothing they can do , I was told to purchase a new base unit and throw the existing one away , even though the problem seemed to be the interface plug into the phone base itself , something that should not take too much trouble to repair . Right ... Needless to say , when I purchased the base it cost me $ $ $ . To throw that into the garbage and spend a lot of additional money on a new base unit is almost unconscienable ! I asked for a supervisor since the first tech support agent became quite rude -LRB- `` we do n't have service centers anymore , and that 's that -RRB- . At least the supervisor offered to send me a new cable to see whether this might be the problem - which I doubt , as the base unit did not work with another cable either.I will get in contact with Siemens Germany , as I find it highly distressing that I am being told to discard a $ $ $ unit after only 15 months of use . I chose Siemens instead of Panasonic because I believed that the name stood for quality . Apparently that is the case no longer.I now regret that I recommended this phone system to a couple of friends . Hopefully their systems will work a little longer than mine .
 It simply does n't work well and Siemens wo n't accept any responsbility . I bought the base and 4 extensions . None of them work well at all . When listening , the earpiece `` warbles '' so you ca n't carry on a conversation . This is near the base , far from the base , everywhere . It does n't do it all the time , but is totally exasperating . Staples was nice enough to exchange some of the handsets , but nothing changes . Also , beware the microwave oven ! Anytime you are near an operating microwave oven , you ca n't hear a thing over the interferance . I really liked the phone when I first got it , but within a week or two , it started developing problems . My sister in law got the same phone system and has the exact same problems . Do n't ever buy Siemens products ... customer no-service is awful !
 I own the previous model system with four handsets . The base station display failed after the one year warranty period . To my utter suprize , Siemens will not service or support you in any way . For the first year they will send you a refurbished phone as a replacement but after that do not have a problem because there is no repair service , parts , or anything other than a service rep on the phone telling you , `` I know it is lousy but I can not help . '' They told me to buy a reburbished phone off of ebay . That was the total service advice of Siemens . I will not be replacing my 2420 with this new model nor will I waste my money on another non-supported Siemens product .
 I bought a Siemans 2420 for my home office . In two months there was a thunderstorm and it dd n't survive a power surge . The second unit was replaced by my company . From day one it clicked very loudly . People on the other end would ask `` what is that clicking noise ? '' I would respond `` it 's my very expensive Siemen 's phone . '' Then the battery would drain quickly on the handsets after I had the unit for 8 months . After reading these reviews , I 'm not going to bother with Siemens customer service .
 I purchased my original 2420 new with 8 handsets about three years ago . A year later the base unit 's lcd went bad . No luck with customer support , but with so much invested I purchased another base unit . Copy this sentance three more times . Thats correct . My fourth base unit sits on my desk with a bad lcd . I 've placed a Bell Atlantic Caller ID Unit on top of it . Siemens SUCKS!!!!macglenn@newsguy.com
 As a phone and cordless system it 's pretty good . But like the others have noted , the LCD display is unreadable on the base unit after awhile . So it 's a very expensive grey paperweight with a very short cord , unless you do n't need a display . If you do , it 's around another $ 100 to repair the display + all the hassles that go with it . It is also very complicated to use as a phone system . There is no customer service . So , spare yourself .
 Maybe what Siemens needs is a class action lawsuit . I also owned an 8825 , same bad experience as shared by other owners .
 From my experience , Siemens never repaired the issues form their first miserable attempt at creating a consumer/home office phone line of business . I made this mistake of forgiving them on the first iteration , only to see the same problems on the second . If you have the same experience as I , you 'll begin to see the LCD fade after a year , maybe two . The handsets deteriorate in short order as well . For me , attempts to contact Siemens result in an offer from them to sell me reconditioned components , or no return e-mail at all.If you buy this you will be
 I purchased the 8825 approx 18 months ago . As of yesterday , the wireless transmitter on the base station no longer functions correctly . I called Siemens customer support and they verified that my base station wireless transmitter is no longer functioning correctly . They then went on to inform me that since the phone is older than 12 months old my only recourse is to replace the base station -LRB- @ $ 250 -RRB- this seems hardly an acceptable solution . Their rather curt support associate tells me they have no support for the system once the 1 year warranty expires -LRB- not even a pay for repair service -RRB- . Take my advice , stay away from Siemens !
 Pros
 It 's unfortunate that one star is the lowest possible rating available , because this company deserves a minus five stars for its poor product and complete lack of customer support . Our very expensive system with five handsets worked when it was brand new , but four of the handsets have failed one by one and can not be repaired . The company offers no support whatsoever , and the `` self-service '' web site does n't work either . As of today the base unit of our system also stopped working on one line , so we are down to one line with one handset . We are shopping for a new phone system , but it will not be a Siemens .
 I purchased this phone for a home office environment . This is the summary : The Good : - Phone looks greatThe Bad : - Poor reception and range - Static - Poor battery life - When a call comes in the phone resets and hangs up on the other line - Unable to answer incoming call if the caller ID memory is full - Terrible customer service -LRB- believe it or not when I was the phone with Siemens customer service for the seventh or eightieth time , and I told them I would write a letter to the President of the company telling him what a nightmare it was dealing with his companies product , I was told `` go ahead he only speaks German , and he does n't care what you have to say anyways '' - But ... . Did I mention that the phone looks good?If you still insist on buying this phone , my suggestion is that you buy a traditional phone for a back up ... . You will need it.Good luck!Mark
 I owned 3 Siemens multi-handset system -LRB- 8825 -RRB- phones so far . The first one had a failure in the digital display when it was first opened . I exchaned that phone and got a new one . The second one was good for approximately 2 years and the reception on the handsets started to deteriorate and the speaker phone was no longer working.I like the simple design and easy to use features -LRB- once you learn how to operate it -RRB- . In concept , it is perfect for home based businesses ! So I decided to still get the third one . I had it for two years now and the speaker phone reception is so poor that I no longer use it , the remote handset had to be unplugged because it was beeping without reason . I 'm so disappointed with Siemens.I wish that there was another phone on the market that provided the same great features , had a simple design , and was of great quality , unfortunately the combination is impossible to find .
 The phone looks decent enough , but performs miserably . I love the base unit -LRB- not enough cordless systems have a corded base unit -RRB- .1 . The absolute worst thing about the phone is the sound quality . There is a constant clicking in the earpiece of all of the handsets . It 's like you are holding a bowl of Rice Crispies up to your ear while trying to talk on the phone .2 . The range seems at least average . It works fine in the back yard 150-200 feet from the base . -LRB- Fine being a relative term , considering you still get the same snap , crackle , and pop -RRB- .3 . The only redeeming quality is the speakerphone on the handset . You can hear well , and nobody on the other end seems to be able to tell you have them on speaker .4 . One of the most annoying things about the phone is the beep it makes to indicate low battery -LRB- or when you put it on the cradle to charge , see below -RRB- . The beep is one of those sounds that you ca n't immediately tell where it is coming from , and while not very loud , seems to permiate walls better than most sound . This would not be too much of a problem , if the phone beeped once or twice to indicate low battery , but no , it beeps every 10 seconds or so until you put on the charger or until it dies . I ca n't even estimate how many nights I 've had to get up out of bed and find the phone that was low on battery .5 . This may be unique to me , but one of the handsets or cradles that I had was not made right . When you put the handset in the cradle , it would lose contact with the charger and stop charging . It would then find it again and begin to charge -LRB- beeping each time it reestablished contact -RRB- . It would do it very regularly , and I finally resorted to taping a piece of paper to the inside of the cradle to help the phone sit straight and not lose contact.Absoloutely terrible phone . Get the Uniden . I did , and It 's infinitely better . Even if it does n't have a base unit with a corded phone .
 My cordless handsets -LRB- four in all -RRB- started to make clicking sounds about one year after purchase and when I called the service I was told that these phones are very `` sensitive '' and if the handsets are dropped shielding could separate and phone could pick up interference . I am really surprised to hear this . I am sure all of us have had a handset slip from our hands at one time . I would have expected a cordless handset designed to be less `` sensitive '' to drops - bad engineering . There is no option to fix the handset if you are out of warranty . I was recommended to purchase new handsets which will break down within a year again . Unfortunately , there is no alternative 2-line cordless system with similar features . When working it is a very good system but I am not happy with the life expectancy for the price .
 Beware Siemens lack of support . I owned the previous system , the 2420 , bought a short 3 years ago . While it is understandable that products come and go , that Siemens offers absolutely no service for this product is unconsionable given the price of the system ...
 I replaced the 2400 series with this 8800 series unit . At the beginning , I was so excited ... This system sounds wonderful , has improved battery life , and sports a very solid build . But guess what , months down the road , all the problems started to hit . Display died on one handset , voice started to clip and gets choppy on another . The answering system started to malfunction-hanging up on people before they finish their messages . While much improved over the 2400 series , this newer system definitely has a set of problems of its own . Do n't buy it ! I 've dumped over $ ... between the 2400 and 8800 series , but at the end , my old $ ... Panasonic analog sounds better and lasts longer . I guess the myth about German engineering and quality control is only a myth ...
 Great concept . Lousy delivery . Anytime I get anywhere near my wireless cable modem the cordless handsets snap , crackle & pop -- they are truly awful . It 's in the design because these are the second set of handsets I 've used . Siemens replaced the first ones but these still do n't work well . Stay away if you 've got any other wireless action going on at your house/office .
 Very cool phone system which works flawlessly , as stated in marketing literature , with the exception of allowable distance between base unit and handsets . The literature states that one could achieve a max inside distance of 150 feet between base and handset . I lose reception when I am on the next floor up or down from the base unit even while standing directly in-line with the base , which can not be more than 15 feet . I called Siemens customer support -LRB- very short hold time -RRB- and they told me that building materials cause problems as I am describing -LRB- wish they would have been clearer about this in their marketing -RRB- . I have a newly built home where I put insulation in all interior walls and floors for sound damping and I suspect this is what is causing my problems . Customer support also indicated that marble or tile floors could cause problems as well . I am disappointed because I ca n't find anything even remotely as awesome to replace it with . Hope no one else has the same experience I did . Save the boxes and receipts just in case .
 If the answering machine responds to a phone call before you do -LRB- even by a second -RRB- , you ca n't answer it with the handset . There is no capability for this handset to interupt a line that has already been answered . You also ca n't transfer a call from the handset . There are no buttons to even attempt this . All such operations are only available from the base station unit.If you try to answer a call by picking the handset up out of the cradle ... it hangs up on the call roughly 50 % of the time . Then , within months , several handset buttons started failing.I loose 10 % -15 % of my calls due to these missing features and malfunctions . If you buy this phone , you 'll love it for days ... then hate it for months . After a year , expect to break it in a fit of rage .
 I have a Siemens 2420 system with 8 handsets . I have sent several in for repair with not much improvement . The handsets constantly drop out in the middle of conversations . The noise in the earpiece is terrible and the person on the other end of the line can not hear you . I emailed Siemens about this and they admitted that they had a problem with the handsets ' shielding which caused the dropouts . I then asked if I could get some kind of credit towards their new model since I had spent a small fortune buying the base and all the handsets for teh 2420 , but they would not do that . Why would I trust them with this new system when they will not support the old one . At least they should have redesigned the handsets so that we could use the system . I am stuck trying to decide what to replace my 2420 with . The one thing that the Siemens has going for it is the features . Unfortunately , if you cant use the phone , they are useless .
 Great concept . Lousy delivery . Anytime I get anywhere near my wireless cable modem the cordless handsets snap , crackle & pop -- they are truly awful . It 's in the design because these are the second set of handsets I 've used . Siemens replaced the first ones but these still do n't work well . Stay away if you 've got any other wireless action going on at your house/office .
 I have purchased 3 sets , yes , THREE ! Two of which I had to return because both units were defective.The first return was the result of the all of the answering machine buttons flashing continuously without any messages . The second return was for a defective handset that refused to register with the base station.The handset has very poor standby time and no mute . Programming the phone was arduous . Although after programming the directory , sending the directory to the handset was a cinch . Do not purchase this phone if you want to share other wireless transmitters in the same environment . This phone creates an incredible amount of interference.I did decide to keep the third set to test long term but I sincerely think that this last set will complete its warranty period .
 This is my second time around with Siemens . I had the earlier model that clicked its way to the garbage heap , and the new , improved 8825 is not far behind . The handset clicks at least half the time it 's in use.Siemens customer service says that phone companies are getting away from the 2.4 ghz protocol because of interference with wireless networks . Nice of them to tell us at the time of purchase . They kindly offered to replace the handset and base station if I would return my system first . So I would be without my two line phone system for 10-14 days . This policy is in keeping with the junkiness of the product . Stay away from the 8825 if you value your mental health .
 Have had a 2415 for about 11 months , it has worked perfectly up till yesterday . When I tryed to log on to the answering machine -LRB- using the int button -RRB- , the display shows `` No Channel Available '' . I reset the base and the handset . The reset went well and registered properly . I was happy until I tried the answering machine again and got the same message . Now I ca n't even use the phone as it says the same thing when I press talk . Patiently , I tried to called Siemens . Their free 800 number for this unit is now a long distance call . About 3 years ago I bought a Panasonic 2.4 ghz set and put it aside for this one -LRB- I was blinded the Siemens slick looks and the European name -RRB- . Well , I pulled out the old Panasonic , charged the totally dead battery and guess what ? It works like a charm . So what do you think , anyone wan na buy a Siemens on eBay or Amazon ? I 'd sell it but I am an honest person .
 I was very dissapointed with the Gigaset 8825 . After using a 900MHz single-line phone for several months , I decided to migrate to a 2-line 2GHz . I was expecting a better reception , and at least the same as with the 900MHz single-line phone . But a stacatto reception on the handset dissapointed me . I am returning it .
 I have had this phone for approximately 1.5 years now . The base works pretty good with the corded handset , however , the handsets -LRB- I have two -RRB- are not worth a plugged nickel ! I have replaced the batteries in both handsets and they still do not function properly . The big problem is they lose the sound coming in -- but reception is strong . Go figure ...
 The handsets fall apart with normal use ... When the new one breaks -- and it will -- you are stuck throwing yet -LSB- more money -RSB- at this system.I wish Siemens built a reliable product because I love the features of this phone . ... the product is worse -LSB- awful -RSB- . Run Run RUN RUN RUN
 This phone system was the only one i could find with the features i wanted but the quality is really bad . The headset jacks on the cordless handsets make poor contact ; It would not get a good signal more than 50 feet ; It gets interference with the microwave anywhere in the house ; Siemens will not waranty their producs unless you buy direct from them or an authorized dealer ; Sent the whole mess back to the online store where it came from . it does n't deserve even one star
 Siemens do not offer repair support in the US on any of their phones once the one year warranty is up . I was willing to pay and send it wherever but no luck there . If your phone system goes wrong , you are on your own ! All they do is suggest you buy a reconditioned unit from them.Until they sort this out , I would recommend not buying their phones . I speak from experience after having suffered their uncaring Customer Care dept.
 I have the 8825 and one 8800 extra handset . That means I have one base station and two cordless handsets . The base station is great and has tons of great features . I have written a complete review of the system under the 8825 . One of my handsets is located about 15-20 feet from the base station in the next room . It works fine and has no real problems . The other handset is in the bedroom which is on the same floor and about 30 feet from the base . The connection to this handset is terrible when it is this far from the base -LRB- both handsets have the problem from this distance - it isnt an individual problem with the handset -RRB- . There is so much clicking it is hard to conduct a call.I would stay away from this system although the features are generally first rate . It works much better on paper than it does in real life.Caveat
 I had read the mixed reviews on the 8800 . Some people love the ease of use and some people spent weeks going back and forth with Siemens customer support . I bought the 8825 which is bundled with an 8800 . I have spent weeks going back and forth with Siemens customer support . I have to reset the phone in its cradle through out the day because it beeps over and over - like a crying infant . Sometimes the battery has n't charged while it has been sitting in the charger . I have learned to pay attention how it is placed in the charger . This makes little difference.I contacted customer support and they had me clean the contacts , let the phone power down overnight , power up the next day . Back to the crying infant.Having called again and again they have sent me a box so I can return the phone to them in hopes of having it replaced.I offered to provide them with my credit card number so hey can advance me a phone to use until they receive my phone . This was not an option . I would have a phone back within an indefinite amount of time . The customer service rep has told me he has seen it take over a month for this model phone to be exchanged . The 8800 / 8825 is currently on backorder . My experience up to this point with Siemens has been less than convincing .
 It 's really a shame . I love Siemens designs , features , etc. . . but the quality of their products are horrible . They start off working great , but in time voice quality degrades horribly.Siemens customer support is beyond worthless . They give canned answers and refuse help . Even when they admit they sold faulty product they do n't care . The process for warranty assistance is a pain . And when the product is out of warranty you are totally out of luck . They do not provide repairs , help in locating a repair center , or supply any repair parts . To quote their customer service supervisor `` Our warranty is for one year . We expect our products to last one year . After that we can not assist you . '' -LRB- I asked to talk to a manager but the supervisor refused the request . -RRB- So the bottom line is if you do n't mind replacing your phone every year , try a Siemens . Otherwise try a Panasonic , V-Tech , Sony , etc. . .
 I 've owned several Siemens 2.4 GHz phones over the past 2 years . They have been the most frustrating devices I 've ever owned , but after paying around ... for the 2-line Base Station/Digital Answering Machine , and ... for several handsets , I feel locked into it.The handsets last only a few months before the buttons start malfunctioning . After a year , two or more buttons are malfunctioning to the point where the answering the phone becomes a challenge , since the talk button only works once every 5 hits -LRB- if at all -RRB- ... so you 'll need to replace these handsets often -LRB- at ... a pop -RRB- . I have more than one handset with the same problem.When the handset is sitting in the cradle , it often malfunctions . For example , even when the handset is new , if the phone rings and you try to answer it by picking it up out of the cradle ... it hangs up on the call roughly 50 % of the time.If the phone rings , but the answering machine gets to it before you do -LRB- even by a second -RRB- , you ca n't answer it with this handset . There is no capability for this handset to interupt a line that has already been answered . You also ca n't transfer a call from the handset . There are no buttons to even attempt this . All such operations are only available from the base station unit.If the base station sits near an outside wall , you can actually walk a block away in that direction , and still get good reception . However , it does n't do so well with walls -LRB- especially kitchens -RRB- , so you may not be able to get a good signal on the other end of your house . Mine wo n't transmit from the bedroom to the Kitchen without significant breakup or cut-out . I loose 10 % -15 % of my calls due to these missing features and malfunctions . If you buy this phone , be ready to break it to bits in a fit of rage .
 A few years ago I purchased the Gigaset 4200 system with 3 handsets . I too had the problems with each and every handset buttons where they 'd slowly stop working . Siemens eventually replaced all my handsets and the ones they replaced them with had the same problem in time . That aside , I love the system but if it breaks in a year or so , that 's no good.Some improvments could be made though :1 . To have backlit buttons on the handset/base so I can see what I 'm dialing at night . Seems trivial , but somes in handy often .2 . Also , would love sep. phonemail boxes for each line -LRB- the 8800 series new one seems to offer that -RRB- .3 . It also -LSB- stinks -RSB- that when the call is for my roommate , I need to ` transfer ' the call -LRB- a slight pain -RRB- versus having him just pick up his handset .4 . I 'd also like to have my roommate and me both talking to a caller just by him picking up the ext. . Instead I have to ` conference ' him in -LRB- a slight pain -RRB- .5 . I wish the volume on the handset went even higher . I sometimes have touble hearing some folks especially when I 'm on international calls .6 . A mute button on the handset would be nice for those times I 'm on a conference call and do n't want folks to hear me doing other things .7 . I replaced the -LSB- bad -RSB- batteries with those that do n't have a memory -LRB- and hence die in a very short time -RRB- . NiMH are way better and do n't require complete discharge before charging .8 . I wish I could enter all my phonebook/directory entries in the base unit and transfer to the handset ... it allows handset to handset phonebook transfers , but not base to handset or handset to base . So i need to put everyone in twice ... what a pain.Wow ... I guess there 's a lot I do n't like about the phone . But there is really a lot I like too . But if it were n't for the button issue , I 'd buy again in a heartbeat .
 Do not make my mistake . I have a very bad experience with Siemens 2430 cordless set . Bad quality and no support at all . Siemens does n't want to deal with angry customers complaining about pricy junk with name Siemens on them , so they turn customer support over Sonnen Enterprise which have they own return and warranty policies . The funny part is on very first page of 2430 manual they say `` Thanks you for buying telephone built by the heights Siemens standards '' .
 I own one . The keys fail . Game over . Do n't buy this phone .
 DO NOT BUY SIEMENS !! THEIR EQUIPMENT IS HIGHLY UNRELIABLE AND THEY DO NOT STAND BUY IT !!! In 2002 we purchased a Siemens phone system , a Gigaset 8825 , consisting of a main anchor phone and five remote phones for our house . We bought it at Office Depot ; the salesman there told us that Siemens did not have a good reputation but that they had improved . The system cost around $ 700 . Then , a little over a year later we noticed that we could n't pick up incoming phone calls . The phones would ring intermittently , but when we picked them up , the line was dead . We called Siemens , and they told us to restore the system defaults and reboot the system , which we did and have a neighbor call us -LRB- their support team would not make any test calls for us ! -RRB- . The main telephone , which is a corded phone , could not detect an incoming call . This did n't work , so we called back , and they told us that our system was no good and no longer any concern of theirs since it was out of warranty . When we inquired about repair , they told us they do n't do repairs on out of warranty equipment . In other words , the system was junk . Barely two years old and junk with no options at all . Seven hundred dollars down the drain.How a phone making company can be in business and not even build a corded phone that can accept live calls from an incoming line is hard to understand.We find it remarkable that there is n't some sort of legal recourse for this kind . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I agree with most of the comments I have read on this web page about the 8825 system . I owned an earlier 2420 system and it was the best . I bought a used 8825 system with 4 handsets . The sound clarity is terrible . Range is not as good as earlier 2420 system . Terrible clicking sound on all handsets . Despite all of these issues , however , the most terrible problem is that when the base system -LRB- 8825 -RRB- is fried by a storm or surge , there is no way to use the cordless handsets -LRB- I have 4 -RRB- . There is no way to repair them and Siemens has no answers or tells one where to get service . Siemens told me when they get one back that is under warranty , they send out new ones . I told the technician that they have to know who fixes the refurbished phones but they claim they do not . So , I had to spend another $ 250.00 to get another used base system in order to use my 4 cordless phones . No technical repair support has caused me not to ever consider Siemens phones again .
 I have a set of three Siemens 2.4 GHz phones -LRB- my mistake to buy all at once -RRB- . They have had problems from Day One . I have had to return them to Siemens -- only to get the same problems back . None of their recommended fixes have worked . And worst of all , customer support has been atrocious . I recommend not buying these . I bought two other 2.4 Ghz phones from AT&T , and they have been flawless in the exact same environment .
 Realmente esperaba much&iacute;simo m&aacute;s de la marca SIEMENS . Este es el PEOR tel&eacute;fono que he tenido en mi vida . Las funciones de identificador de llamada nunca funcionaron a pesar de que me aseguraron que s&iacute; lo hac&iacute;an . La se & ntilde ; al es un desastre . PANASONIC es y seguir&aacute; siendo infinitamente superior en telefon&iacute;a vs. SIEMENS . Es decepcionante . No gaste su dinero y ah&oacute;rrese malos ratos si est&aacute; acostumbrado al buen servicio post venta . En SIEMENS simplemente NO EXISTE .
 Overall , I really like this phone - great features , etc. . However , like some of the other reviewers who 've posted here , my phone began buzzing almost immediately - so badly that I could n't hear the person on the other end -LRB- they could hear me fine -RRB- . Since I have digital phone service connected to my DSL modem , I followed the owner 's manual tip and bought a noise filter . This worked fine for about a week , then the buzzing returned . I bought another filter , thinking the first one had crapped out , but the buzzing persisted . I even had a technician from the cable company come out to check their equipment , which was in perfect working order . I was assured by the cable company that their system would support this phone . SO ... . after much frustration , I 'm returning this to Amazon today -LRB- luckily , it has n't been 30 days since delivery yet -RRB- . BEWARE WHEN CONSIDERING BUYING THIS UNIT !!!
 At first I thought this phone had everything - and it is loaded with features , and has a good range . However , after using it for about 5 weeks , I now have a very , very loud buzzing noise on all the handsets - it appears to come from the base and it is so loud I can barely hear the caller . I have tested this base on other jacks -LRB- still same problem -RRB- and I have tested other cordless phones from the existing jack , and they work fine with no buzz . I 'm convinced it is in the base unit of the Panasonic phone . But after multiple email customer service attempts at Panazonic , I have not yet heard anything from this company . I 'm scrapping the phone and buying a much cheaper , but more highly rated AT&T .
 I have had these phones for a week now and at first they worked great and one week later you can hardly hear the person on the other end . This is my second set , I returned the first set for the same problem n hopes that it was just bad phones , but the second set is just as horrible ... Dont waist your money . .
 I used this phone once and put it back in its annoyingly complex packaging for return . To start , the handsets are poorly designed
 Half of the time I can not hear the other party unless I hang up this phone and talk on one of my old phones .
 The sound quality is awful and the quality of the handset is poor .
 Number entry from the handset keypad does not work properly . This evidences itself in 2 ways
 It worked great for the first few months but as we are nearing the 4th month , I 'm so exasperated ! A previous Panasonic cordless phone I had was muffled for the person I was talking to . Apparently with this phone , they can hear my clearly but I can barely hear a word they are saying ! Sometimes it is really hard to hear , and other times , it is downright impossible . Either way
 We have always considered Panasonic phones , and their other gear to be first rate , but the volume on these phones , even with all possible boost applied , is much too low . Other reviewers on the Target website have noted the same . We 've returned them for a set of well-rated Uniden phones from Amazon and are hoping for better results . It 's good that Amazon has a fair return policy that makes this kind of disappointment less annoying .
 This phone has no back light on the key pad . You ca n't see the key pad if you have to make a call in the middle of the night and or darkness . This is a big deal . Panasonic phones used to have back lit key pads . Also , you can hear a back ground buzz or white noise sound while you are on a call , you and your callers will think ... `` I CA N'T HEAR YOU NOW ! '' Poor design .
 Where to begin ... Very difficult to hear - even when the receiver is placed squarely on the ear . Missed call feature does not account for calls received on any of the other handsets . Programming is not as easy as many other brands . Those are just a few of my concerns . I 'll pick a Uniden model next time !
 This phone has it all as far as features - as long as you do n't want to actually hear the people you 're talking to ! Worked good for about a week and then could n't hear anyone . Buzzing and sounded like people were standing next to an electric tower . I tried several ways to fix the problem . Once I went back to my Uniden 2.4 Ghz , I could hear great . Save your money !
 lots of good features.unfortunatly the most important feature of a phone is clarity and this phone system does not deliver.Hard to hear your conversations .
 1 . There was a consistent buzzing on the phone even when I tried multiple jacks for the base .2 . Phone features worked as advertised . but the Voice Enhancer is useless and actually makes it sound worse .3 . It was kind of a pain to sync the phone books which are separate on each handset.I returned it mainly because of the buzzing .
 I can not believe that this Panasonic 5.8 GHz can not hold a candle to the Verizon 900 MHz I gave up - for this phone . I could n't hear my party at all . Buzzing noise . Horrible . Stay away from this phone . Returning today .
 This phonePanasonic KX-TG5623B Black 5.8 GHz FHSS GigaRange Digital Cordless Telephone with Three Handsetsinitially worked well . However , when the battery needed replacing , Panasonic no longer supported the product and the handset became useless . You can not add additional handsets to this phone . I would not purchse this phone again .
 We purchased these phones on the obvious feature of having 3 related but separate phones and chargers . The sound quality was not the best , but acceptable , especially if you use the feature to brighten the voice quality . Within 3 months , the base station unit died . We sent them in for warranty work , and were surprised to get back refurbished units.We did not like it but figured , what the heck , given that the turn-around time for replacement was less than two weeks.We are now about 9 months from that replacement , and the base unit has begun to malfunction . People call and ca n't hear us . We ca n't dial out , etc. I am scrapping these , and returning to good old corded units that I can count on the performance and quality .
 Although the Larousse dictionary is very good , the user interface for this product leaves much to be desired . Getting from one function to another is cumbersome , involving many non intuitive button presses . The translator/dictionary is also very slow and would benefit from an upgrade in processing speed . I would not recommend this product .
 What is `` Larousse '' ? Larousse is a FRANKLIN , with the software appearing almost identical to what you get in a much less expensive 1470 . For all your extra money you get a shiny , oversized black case . This thing is unnecessarily heavy and bulky -LRB- not something you likely want in transportable language tool -RRB- with a * stupid * leather flap over the top instead of a protective cover that might actually make some sense . For your extra money you get keys which are laid out in stupid blackberry/treo style , difficult to find , difficult to push.My early opinion is I feel I 've been conned ; I spent extra money under the misapprehension that I was getting a more functional unit and not a less functional one . If you want to impress your friends with a conspicuous consumption item that will match your black leather pants , then buy this . If you want maximum functionality , especially for the dollar , then buy one of the less expensive Franklins . I have happily owned a 1470 for some years and I have used the speaking model which is , I think , about $ 80 ? If you want pronunciation , get that one - tell Franklin to shove this one.I 'd like my money back but since I 've torn the plastic on the package I doubt Amazon is going to go for that . If I discover any great redeeming value to this thing I will update my review . I can tell you wo n't thing I * wo n't * revise , however
 I bought this device to enhance VOIP on my home network . When I first got it seemed to work great . Then it locked up and nothing could get out to the internet within about 3 days of having it setup . I had to disconnect it for a about an hour to get working again . Maybe a heat issue . The I was getting complaints of VOIP quality issues . More than one person describe me as sounding like I was on spaceship . Disconnecting the device Correct my issues . It returned to where it was purchased . I have QoS turned on my linkSyS router and that seems to work well for my setup .
 My entire network is comprised of Linksys equipment -LRB- Router , Wireless access point , Network adapters -RRB- and I ordered this device with the expectation that it would solve my online gaming lag when other PCs are on my network are actively surfing the web . Setup was painless and went as expected . Immediately , however , I felt a significant degradation in my overall internet performance . I have a tool that measures DSL performance and I typically experience 1-3MB download speeds with 500K upload . I ran the tool with the OGV200 in my network and was shocked to see that I was getting only 400K download . To verify that It was n't my DSL connection , I disconnected the OGV200 and ran the test again . This time I was getting 2.3 MB download . It did n't seem to make any difference on the upload speed as I consistently got between 400K and 500K upload with and without the device . I expected that it would add some overhead but truthfully , I expected 10-15 % not the 80 % that I was experiencing . Linksys has really dropped the ball on this one and I 'm afraid that it 's going to have to go back .
 I have Vonage VoIP service . Call quality is acceptable most of the times . Call quality is bad when I am downloading and uploading torrents . Thought this device may help by managing the available bandwidth well . Followed the instructions , got it installed and was expecting improvements during torrent activity . Made no difference . Call quality remained as bad as it was during torrent downloads and uploads . Tried tweaking few parameters at the console . Did not help . Overall , no improvements by using this device . Going to return it . Planning try Hawking broad band booster and see if that help .
 I received the unit and connected it as per the documentation . I attempted to configure the device through a browser , but can not get my network to see the device at the IP address listed in the docs . Spent all kinds of time on the phone with tier 2 tech support folks . They advise that although the device is configurable through a browser , that it is plug and play , and that being able to connect via the browser interface is unnecessary . I have noticed no change or improvement of any kind in my VoIP speed or quality . I can not recommend it and I have no way of knowing if it even works or not .
 I 've been using this item 3 weeks ago and i did n't notice any diference with my lags on games like xbox 360 or ps3 , maybe if you use this item for VOIP it could be work , but if you try to use this for games DO N'T BUY IT do n't waste your money .
 This is a joke right ? I have recieved one of these along with QRTB33 Marker Board , 3 ` x2 ' , Aluminum Economy Frame , and it simply did n't write ! I shook , waved , swinged ... Ca n't get it writing . It was not that the one I received was defective ; we also had these at workplace , and the same story !
 First
 The cabinet arrived with only half of the necessary screws . None of the holes lined up . The top of the cabinet would n't fit . My husband had to remove a piece then screw it back on to get it to fit . If I did n't have him here to fix all the problems I would n't have been able to put it together . However , to be fair , it looks great and it 's functional . Just be prepared to put in time and effort to fix all the mistakes .
 As a computer technician I have installed the software and set everything up and my phone says I am connected to skype -LRB- all though it can not read my contacts , I am told you have to manually enter them -RRB- . I can not call out or receive calls even though it says I am on line and I am able to do it from the computer . I have been on line with support for over 4 hours now . Each time getting transferred to a new person , now I have the supervisor on the phone who like the last 8 people have no idea what skype is or have ever used it . Like the last 8 people he is reading the troubleshooting tips out of the manual and wants to know if the phone is powered on and is my computer powered on . The last technician was unaware this product comes with a cd or any type of software and the phone still does not work so back it goes , no one should have to go through this . the supervisor I last person I spoke to `` tells me there is no one here that has used this phone before , we are unable to help you . I would suggest you return it ''
 I too was very disappointed with this phone . A phone is an audio device primarily . In this respect , this phone flunks . It 's the worst audio I 've heard in years . And it has nothing to do with skype which sounds great if I use it thru my computer or I conference in with my landline . It also has nothing to do with the small size of the phone . Even when I wore a good quality headset , it was still terrible . The quality is so tinny , I can barely understand the other speaker . They also complain that my voice quality is terrible . It also tends to break up and crackle . You would think in this day and age , getting decent sound quality would be a no brainer.I was also disappointed that when you make a skype call , the contacts brought in from the computer display only phone numbers and not the name you set up in skype on your computer . I 'm calling people , not phone numbers!Other than that , it is fine . Set up was fairly easy . I like the fact that you can bring the second handset into the conversation via the intercom function . Unfortunately , I may end up returning it because of the terrible sound quality .
 I have not used this phone for SKYPE yet , but as a land line phone it is pratically worthless . The sound quality is so bad you ca n't understand what the person on the other end is saying . Do not buy this phone , at least not if you ever wanted to use it as a land line phone .
 The dual phone-land line and Skype - does work ... almost . The audio/voice quality is poor . The volume will sometimes be too loud , then moving the volume down , makes it too quiet ... sometimes , almost like if the caller 's voice volume does not trip the VOX type circuit , it wo n't amplify the sound so it is either loud or you ca n't hear ... weird ... this is on both handsets . The audio is also raspy and not clear . The size is almost too small . My wife puts it to her ear and covers up the ear piece sound exit and ca n't hear ... I found the interface with the computer , though easy , did not do what I thought it should . I expected that when going from computer to the Skype phone , that the speaker and microphone on the phone would work . They only work if you set the Skype defaults on the computer to be `` USB Device '' ... hmmm maybe this is problem with Skype . dunno , no response from GE Thomson . With both of these problems ... it will be going back .
 1 . When used with the land line I get a lot of hissing and the voice on the other end is very choppy .2 . When used with skype the voice on the other end is very quite and cackly and they ca n't hear me at all.I 'm very disappointed because I though this would be a good solution for me , especially after reading the review this phone received from PC magazines and editors choice aware.I will be returning this phone . I would like to find something that works well with a land line and skype .
 I purchased mine with a good price . It seemed to install fine , but it does not work with Skype , i do not care what anyone tells me , it is worthless.A . The manual does not tell you how to get the sound to come through the phone.B . It hangs up on Skype at random within 2 feet of the base.C . You use the phone and then Skype on the computer goes off , and the person talks from the computer and you cant here them on the phone , or talk to them.D . Tech states to set sound to USB , well that does not work , WinXP/Hone SP2 Win/XPpro SP2 . IT will not work with USB periodE . When you ca n't use the phone no one will support you , and it will leave your Skype connected to your caller after you `` End '' call on hand set.F . They lie about contacts , it puts the phone numbers in , and only skype accounts with not Skype in , will not show up . Only +15066608876 you will see in contacts . contacts on the menu is for your TELEPHONE NOT SKYP WORTHLESSG . If you enter in your moms or friends number in the contacts area , it ca n't be dialed from skype.H . You will not get a refund , try using it for fire wood , it will burn nice , just take out the battery.THE PHONE IS JUNK !!! BUYER BEWARE DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE !!! YOU will have to leave your computer on 24/7 and not hibernate and wreck your computer to use.GARBAGE , but what do you exspect from GE , they do not even have a tech support site , or knowledge base or a number you can call to resolve anything . NOt even a download site to fix the ALPHA SOFTWRE that it runs onI am burned for $ 189.66 smackers !!! for a peice of garbage.TRUST ME IT WILL NOT WORK , IF IT DOES YOU CANT HERE IT THROUGH THE STATIC !!!
 These phones MUST be connected to a computer at all times and the computer MUST be on and not in sleep mode.Even if you have the computer on and skype running and the little monitor utility program is running and says everything is ok - they still may be offline for skype.We are a skype only house now so we need it to work all the time , without fail.These phones are 99.99999 % failure.Do not buy , instead I would suggest a WIFI skype phone . I have owned the little white Netgear WIFI skype phone for over one full year and have had nothing but good experience with it.I bought these phones in the hope of having a couple more `` traditional '' cordless phones for our house . BIG MISTAKE !!!! If I ever get another skype phone for the house , it will definitely be a WIFI only one .
 I purchased this product with the intention of accomplishing two goals , leveraging on my existing land line and investigating the option of using Skype . After using the product for about a month , I have found the phone to be rather annoying . Sound quality is less than anticipated and Skype requires the PC to be up at all times . Hence , it was more of a hassle keeping my PC up to use Skype than it was just falling back to my land line . Skype seems to be a great service yet my land line is actually cheaper . What is good about the phone is it gives you the ability to switch between Skype and a land line service rather easily .
 On the plus side - The price is OK as it has come down quite a bit since the earlier reviews . It was very easy to install and set up . It works well for Skype and Skype Out calls.On the downside - As other reviewers note , the landline sound quality is poor . It does not import names for Skype Out contacts . Can not enter Skype Out contacts into handset memory . Skype feature does not load once pc hibernates ; system must be rebooted.To summarize , it sort of works , but there are enough shortcomings that I would not recommend buying this.I 'm debating whether or not to return it ... maybe I 'll keep it for a while and then sell it on eBay ??
 I absolutely agree with everybody ! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!! I 've been on the computer for the last 3 hrs . trying to make it work . I should have read the reviews . I am experiencing exactly what is described here . It does not work !
 I was all ready to by this GE Skype phone . Thank you so much to all who took the time to write a review . This product is obviously a piece of junk and you have saved me untold agrivation , heart burn , and the heartbreak of psoriasis .
 I ordered this phone hoping it would surpass the 7 year old Panasonic phone i have , however , I was very disappointed ! The LCD is sooo bright that you can not even see the CID name ! The speaker phone is terrible ! You have to hold the phone to your ear just so the person on the other line can hear you ... There is also no battery indicator on the headset . I am notorious for forgetting to hang the phone up to charge and it is helpful when their is an indication as to when the battery is going to die . The one great thing about the phone are the various ring tones that you can choose . However , I could not figure out how to select the `` VIP '' ring tones for specific people . Over all , I would suggest spending a little more money on something else .
 Not a great phone , for sure , but worked fine for a little while . After about a year or two of very light use the display on all phones started to fizz out . Today -LRB- about year three -RRB- there is no display visible at all , so I am forced to replace the system and am trying another brand .
 These phones were great . We bought them when we signed up for voice-over-IP phone service -LRB- like Vonage -RRB- . The sound quality was great and we would have liked to have been able to keep these phones longer . However , after two years of light use -LRB- we are a young couple and also use our cell phones -RRB- the display completely crapped out . Probably 50 % of the pixels sporadically stopped working so it was impossible to tell who was calling , how many missed calls , and who 's calls we missed . Unless you do n't care about those things , do n't get these phones .
 This phone system looks great and is easy to set up . It is nice to have the ability to have a remote handset downstairs . However , the sound quality is absolutely horrible . There is a constant buzzing in the ear piece when attempting to talk on the phone . People on the other end of the phone often ask if we have a bad connection because the buzzing actually is audible to the other party.I have contacted the manufacturer for warranty service . This required me to box up the phone system and mail it to a service center in Arkansas . So , I will be without the phone for a couple weeks , I 'm sure . I put my 10 year old phone back into service while I await the return of this new phone system . The old one is still working great ! So , this system better come back in perfect working condition or I am going to return it and use the old cordless phone I have relied upon for years .
 Ca n't hear anything . So much background noise and static . Too much time passed and I could n't return the phones so I had to go buy a new one . Got an AT&T model , also DECT 6.0 , works beautifully . The manufacturer should pull this garbage off the market . It gives them a bad name .
 I hated this phone . The speaker phone has good audio but the ear speaker is terrible . Many times the voice is so garbled I ca n't heear the other user . I am returning the phone today .
 Returned first unit same day purchased , second unit better than first , however audio is ` scratchy ' . GE non-responsive , replaced second unit with purchase from other manufacturer .
 GE is a strange entity they make some really good stuff -LRB- medical -RRB- and they make complete garbage . Unfortunately their DECT 6.0 phones fall into the latter category.The answering machine message sounds as though my wife is stood in the subway at rush hour . The quality of the sound on handsets is horrible . Also the outgoing sound quality is bad . If I 'm in the car on my cell we struggle to understand each other.We are now trying out luck with some Unidens .
 The display contrast makes it hard to read and there is n't a way to change it . There are 20 ringer sounds to choose from , only 2 of which are bearable . The ringer is hard to hear even on its loudest setting . After a few days the phones stopped displaying the caller 's name and number and only displayed `` no data '' or `` incomplete data '' -LRB- I know its not my service because my upstairs phones were displaying it fine -RRB- . The sound on the answering machine is terrible , my outgoing message sounds like I am talking into a can while standing in a cave.The only good thing I can say about it is the range . I was able to walk all over my house , upstairs and down , even go outside , and I never lost the connection or heard static . My other phones break up when you leave the room their base is in.But in the end , the phones are garbage and I strongly recommend staying away from them.I have returned the phones since they are clearly not worth the price .
 I purchased this phone less then 7 days ago . It is humming so bad I ca n't hear what people are saying on the other end of the phone . I did n't keep the box .
 I like the phone ... if only it would ring . We made about three outgoing calls to test the sound quality and the speaker phone which was all fine . Unfortunately , on incoming calls , the phones wo n't ring and the answering machine wo n't answer ! Gee , GE we have a problem . No , I do n't have it on `` Do n't Disturb '' . The interface is n't terrible although they do need a way to exit menus gracefully other than pressing the talk button . I like the 50 position memory which is easy to use and the incoming call list is easy to read and review , unlike my previous GE phone . Unfortunately , after following all the proper set up and double-checking everything , the phones wo n't ring . Ever . They light up for an incoming call but wo n't ring . I missed a lot of phone calls that first afternoon until I discovered the problem . The answering machine wo n't answer the calls either . Another oops . I 'm back to my old GE phone and separate answering machine because they ring and answer respectively . Customer service tried to help me out at the 1-800 number but I think this is all going back into the box to be returned . Pain and no gain .
 I bought this phone before reading the reviews and that will never happen again ! I was just out shopping and wanted to replace the cordless phone I already had since it did n't have an answering machine.I ca n't believe I spent almost $ 100 on this junky phone!I hooked and chared it up and pressed the talk button and could already hear static just with the dial tone ! I do n't know if this has anything to do with the fact that I have dsl or what but whatever the reason it is totally unacceptable for such an expensive phone.After I heard the staticy dial tone I tried calling from my cell phone to test the answering machine.It was so staticy I could n't understand a word ! At least with the less expensive Uniden I had it was only staticy when I would run the microwave.So I boxed this ge phone back up,re-hooked up my old uniden -LRB- It is sad that a phone that cost 1/2 as much and is 2 years older than this GE works better ! -RRB- and took it back.Please do n't waste your money on this phone , you will not be able to hear on it .
 I was very excited about this new phone system and all the wonderful features . I waited for weeks , then rush on the internet . Having use it for few days , I am quite deceived : - The sound is so-so , it is sometime hard to understand people talking . Setting it to high make a slight `` hum '' - The handset display is nearly unreadable , too bright with too thin fonts . - Setting the phone is quite complicated -LRB- as compare to my former Panasonic -RRB- - There a lot of frill options , but some other lacking -LRB- setting the display light for instance -RRB- . - At every power failure , the answering machine to be reset -LRB- how modern ! -RRB- , - The speakerphone sound is `` humming `` So , it is far from the description on the box.I 'd rather go for a 5,8 technology and another ... and wished I had buy it at Wal-Mart , so I could return it hassle free . But I did n't .
 You can spend a whole lot less and get a way better phone .1 st problem
 I purchased this phone along with the extra handset only to be extremely disappointed . We allowed it to charge the mininum hour time as stated in the manual - it did n't make a difference with the phone quality . From the first use the sound quality was horrible . I could barely hear the person on the other end of the line - regardless of them using a landline or cell . I turned the volume up , which only made the problem worse and then created an additional ` feedback ' problem regardless of where I was in the room - when I spoke , the phone would make a soft sound as if I was too close to a mic . We did give the phone the benefit of the doubt - we double checked our battery connection , phone line connection , power source connection - we even changed to a different phone jack in the house and it did n't make a difference . Another note - the phone is set up to prevent sound interference , yet another feature that does n't work as any time the cell phone rang across the room and you were on the cordless , it would buzz in your ear . Our old phone worked perfectly fine on the same line - so obviously the problem was the phone - maybe it was a defective phone , I do n't know but I took it back to WalMart and traded for a Uniden - Nice thing about that was I got the extra $ 50 difference to pocket for a Uniden standard with three handsets and it works GREAT !
 Until I read these reviews I thought the constant static and occasional dropped sound might be due to a problem with the unit I purchased or perhaps due to some electronics in my office . It has gotten so bad that I only use this phone long enough to walk to my older -LRB- but much clearer -RRB- Panasonic . If you buy this GE , hold on to your receipt .
 This is the worst phone I 've ever had ! Everything about it is wrong . The instructions `` pamphlet '' is just that . It unfolds to a large piece of paper . Give it to us in a book format so it 's easy to read . It does n't tell you what the functions are , just how to set them up . Everything you have to set up is awkward . The phone book adds everything by order of entering , not alphabetical . The most important feature is the answering machine and my outgoing message sounds like I 'm either 30 ft below water , very far away or extremely scratchy!The ring tones are OK , I love the back light and it 's sleek looking but those are the only good things about this phone.I have 10 days left to return it and for $ 90 , it 's going back!Helllo Uniden or Panasonic !
 I 've had my phones for about three years now , and the displays are getting garbled and unreadable . Resetting by pulling the battery does nothing . These are NOT worth the money !
 The menus are horrible . Next to impossible to navigate . Caller ID takes 15 seconds to show up on the phone . Answering system is VERY odd . Time is hard to set as well . Sound was so-so . I own this item now , but in about 15 min it will be back at the store .
 I bought the phone for my 92 year old mother , but I myself had trouble using it . There is so much buzzing interference sound and for some reason the telephone battery charge seems not staying long . But I just know I did not like the phone myself and the more it will not work with my 92 year old mother who has trouble hearing .
 This is a large heavy phone . Thought it would be good for hearing deficit , but only makes it louder , not clear . My old phone works better . Ring is soft . On the plus side , caller ID easy to read , and large buttons easy to use .
 I REALLY DO N'T SEE MUCH DIFFERENCE IN ANY OTHER PHONES , EXCEPT IT IS VERY HEAVY , AND THE TALK BUTTON IS RIGHT WHERE YOU CAN DISCONNECT IT ACCIDENTLY WITH YOUR CHEEK . WISH I COULD SEND IT BACK
 I was really excited at first . But , as soon as you walk away from the station , nothing but static . Kept it as long I could stand it because of the price . Should have sent it back . You can do a lot better !
 I bought this phone for $ 67 through Amazon.com from a company named Thomson . I was very happy with it , especially the larger handset display for caller ID . However , after just 1-1/2 years , the handset display has become illegible . I contacted Thomson , and they gave me a `` reset '' procedure to unplug the phone jack , base power cord , and remove the battery . That did not help . Thomson says they can not help any further , ca n't even give me any service center info for my area , as they no longer make phones ! Now I see through the Amazon site that this phone is discontinued , and others have had problems even finding new batteries . Very disappointing after such a short time period , I feel I was sold this item only to become disposable .
 Too much static , two months and the battery is already dead and wo n't hold a charge
 I read the glowing reviews on Amazon and was thrilled to have found an inexpensive phone for my mother , whose hearing is poor and whose vision could be better . However , the phone has several major flaws , and is a huge disappointment : First , the phone is very heavy , which makes it uncomfortable to use . My mother mentioned this to me , and I had to agree with her.Second , there are only three ringtones , all of which are high pitched and screeching , and therefore very unpleasant . My mother was appalled by the tones , as was I.Third , when I increased the volume so that it would be more comfortable for my mother , I heard my own voice much louder than normal when I used the phone.As if all those things were not enough , as of today -LRB- about the third day we 've had the phone -RRB- there seems to be static on every channel . The manual does explain possible causes for the static , and I have not eliminated all of the potential causes , so it may be my `` fault . '' However , I do have to wonder why the other cordless phones we have -LRB- Radio Shack brand -RRB- never suffer from static problems.All in all this GE phone is , in my opinion , a hunk of junk . Given how little the phone cost I 'm not sure it 's worth the hassle and postage to return it , but I am very , very disappointed .
 The GE big button telephone is a `` bust '' . I purchased two of them and they do not hold an overnight charge . Sometimes the conversation is disconnected with neither of the parties doing the disconnect . I am waiting for approval from ANTonline to return them before I purchase another brand from them . I was very disappointed with this product.GE - Lifestyles Series - Big Button Cordless phone
 I received my Big Button Cordless Phone damaged . The plastic covering on the antenna was broken off . When I contacted the company , they would only replace it if I paid to ship it back to them . The phone was inexpensive and the shipping would have been one-third of the price of the phone . Would not recommend placing an order with this company .
 I bought this for my grandmother , and within the first week she dropped it off the arm of the recliner . From a fall of less than 2 feet onto hardwood , it broke the antenna off , and the reception is terrible , even within 10 feet of the base/charger . May have damaged the microphone or speaker . But before the drop it was great ! I recommend keeping the bubble wrap on ...
 Guess what ? No one has a replacement battery pack for this model ! In less then a year , the battery is running out as my phone is blinking and beeping and screeching ... and after hours online at various places and on the phone ... have come to the realization that there is no replacement batteries available . Throw away phone !!!
 The phone was challenging to use for my elderly grandmother . It took awhile for the phone to ring when you called someone , hence she always thought she missed dialed . It looks nice but works very slow . I must say that the seller was very helpful with my issues and let me return it with no problems . I would purchase other items from this seller . Thanks
 The phone arrived in a timely fashion . We had a problem with the ringer and receiving calls for a couple days which we fixed by running the wiring through our caller id receiver . I think that the wires we received were faulty . Other than that the phone works fine .
 When I first got this phone I loved it . After 8 months it pooped out . Battery life is terrible .
 This label maker makes labels as good as their $ 20 machine . If you 're buying it for the computer interface , forget it unless your computer can accomodate a `` firmy disk '' and a serial port . I have n't seen those in ten years .
 My complaint about this calculator is that the keys on my model are too soft . I 'd prefer something a little more `` clicky '' with more tactile feedback so that you can tell when you 've pressed a key . As it is , there 's no tactile way to feel when you 've entered a number and I always have to be careful to make sure I 've actually entered the numbers I think I have .
 I just purchased 2 Casio SL-200TE calculators . Be aware that the input sequence for this model is different from other simple calculators . Example
 Basically all this is ... is a plain old calculator ... too big to carry in your purse . I would have sent it back but it was n't worth paying the return postage .
 Looking at this product 's picture it appears that the top hinged part can be used in an upright position . This is mis-leading . When you open it and flip the top up , it is designed to lay back in a flat position . It seems designed to use on a flat surface more than a hand-held type of calculator . It is about 4-3/4 '' wide so I can only hold it on its side , not fully grasp it . It is , however , a very attractive calculator with an elegant silver case . Very attractive for a woman 's use , or handsome for a man 's use . The keys are very soft and responsive . The readout is very large and easy to read . Overall it 's a beautiful product , but not terribly functional as a hand-held calculator .
 Fortunately , Amazon is great about taking products back which are defective ... as was the case with both of these phones . The price was certainly right , but neither one worked !
 when I saw it online I tought I was getting a normal size calculator when I got it in the mail it was a tiny size you can hardly see the numbers and its completely worthless , not worth the money I spent on it could have gotten the same thing from my local 99 cent store - DO NOT BUY THIS . very disappointed with this purchase .
 I have had one of these for 2 years now . It runs 8 hours per day , 7 days a week . It is in my shop . After two years , the little lights are burning out and also changing colors . You can not read it anymore . Also , the software is hard to use and unstable . I will never purchase another one of these ... even an upgraded model.The company will NOT warranty this product because I did not purchase it directly from them . I purchased it through Amazon . I have learned my lesson about warranties when purchasing from 3rd parties like Amazon and their companies they play broker for .
 I really liked the idea of this product , and they have some good templates , but after putting hours into designing the book and writing up captions , I printed it and the pictures looked HORRIBLE . The software resizes the images automatically to fit the layout , but for some reason leaves the pictures pixelated and fuzzy . I took the pictures with a 6MP camera , and they look great when viewed on the computer or printed with other software , but when this software resized them they came out terrible . And there 's really no way around it , except to try to guess the proper resolution for each photo and crop and resize yourself before inserting the photos , but that would take several more hours.This product wasted hours of my time and left me very disappointed .
 This kit is neat ; I have to admit that . It comes with all the materials needed to make a nice little coffee table book . However , the kit itself is a little pricey considering that A -RRB- there 's only 10 pages , B -RRB- the pages are only 5 x 7 , and C -RRB- the pages are not double-sided . The software included , although as simple and easy-to-use as can be , is so limiting , it does n't actually feel like you have made this book yourself . Instead , it 's as though you 're in preschool , bringing in the pictures and having Teacher put it together for you . You can arrange different page setups for different themes as you please , but there is seldom the precise one that you really want . It does n't help that half of the themes have these cutesy `` scrap book '' elements that look absolutely ridiculous.However , the book itself is pretty slick once you make many , many comprimises . The only reason I gave this two stars is for the materials included .
 I have a Epson C82 printer . So far I spent 5 hours trying to get the program to print correctly . Tech support slight help , but still not able to print . Good Luck if you try it . Bob
 I love the idea of this product , and I loved working with it . I created a great layout that looked fabulous on screen . But unless you have an Epson printer , it is very difficult to print out a great copy . My hp deskjet could not handle the supplied photo paper , so a friend printed on his Lexmark for me . It worked better , but still had a few problems . More paper should be included in the package in case of printing problems because after several printing problems , we ran out of paper and I could not find the same photo paper in any store ; I ended up buying a second package just to get more of the same paper.Next time , I will make a book using the ofoto site -- much more professional looking -LRB- 2-sided -RRB- and just as cheap .
 This product is NOT the water and tear-resistant Scotch mailers as pictured and advertised . They send the regular paper bubble mailers that can be ripped in two by a baby . This is blatant false advertising and anyone who bought these should file a suit . DO NOT BUY .
 I purchased this TV cart and had to call Home Decorators because I could n't assemble it . There were no instructions included . They said I could download the instructions from the web , so I did . There were no words , only tiny , badly drawn pictures . From what I could tell , it looked like the holes were drilled in the wrong place on the top shelf . I called customer service again and they sent me another shelf which had the same problem . I called customer service again and said `` maybe I 'm doing something wrong , is there someone who can explain the assembly to me ? '' The customer service person said she did n't want to ask any of the `` warehouse guys '' for help because they 're sarcastic and make fun of her . I called the customer service supervisor to complain . The supervisor went ahead and asked someone in the warehouse to help me . He said to put the rest of the cart together and screw the troublesome shelf on last . I said `` how is that going to make a difference ? it is n't going to change the position of the holes '' But I did what he said and of course , it did n't make a difference . So , I called customer service again . She said maybe it was a defective batch of carts sent to Home Decorators from the manufacturer in Taiwan.My boyfriend used the power drill to screw the shelf onto the legs , he made new holes with the drill , so the cart got assembled but . It did n't come out all that great because the wood is cheap and -LRB- now -RRB- has too many holes in it so its wobbly . I decided it was n't worth it to send it back at this point , I 'm just going find another cart elsewhere that does n't need assembly.I will never buy from Home Decorators ever again . This was the most frustrating experience with mail-order furniture that I 've ever had.PK
 The cash box was bad , very bad.I returned it because was the worst box I had.Open bad -LRB- when is possible to open it -RRB- Close bad -LRB- when is possible to close it -RRB- The base is rough and bad finished , made a mess over my counter.And that happened because almost impossible to attach it to the counter
 A prominent southwestern U.S. university gave this software `` free '' to its graduating student teachers if they would only preview it and comment on it to its developers -- Ablesoft . I used it successfully for seven years , then it stopped working on my computer . I tried everything
 I t did not work . I tried 10 times on the internet but the the site would not let me put the information in the item
 I was happy to receive them before Christmas , but very disappointed after plugging it into my computer . The information template on the jump drive is very plain . Does n't have an area for family history , hospitalizations and only has room for 1 insurance . I could have bought a jump drive cheaper and made a better template that this and it is a very flimsy , cheap jump drive !!! Very unhappy with this product and do n't know if I can return it now that I have information in it !! Bought total of 3 , one for me and one for my mom and dad !!!
 The is GREAT and in Word format allowing for easy data entry , however when entering information , the second page is locked and I can not enter prescription medication information . Would n't all agree that this is extremely important ? I checked the website , there is no patch nor update for it , I have written to customer service department for MedicTag and am awaiting a response , who knows if/when I 'll get one . I feel like I wasted 30 bucks . All the fancy endorsements do not fix the problem that exisits .
 Not much else to say but I am 5 ' 3 '' and need a stool to get up one it ! at its lowest level .
 I could not tell whether this was for 1 pen or a box . I took a chance . I even ordered 2 . Now I am the proud owner of 2 pens for $ 8.27 . Do n't make the same mistake.p.s . This is my favorite type of pen so this review is really about the seller and misleading advertisement !
 Worked great and seemed great until warranty expired . Within months after that , total failure . The base no longer communicated with the handsets , rendering the entire unit unusable , which could only say `` Searching ... '' . I have owned several brands and types of phones , and many have serious shortcomings -LRB- Panasonic , for instance uses proprietary * BAD * batteries in their units - a constant headache and expensive expense -RRB- ; I am going with Uniden this time , which I have found to be of good quality so far .
 These phones are not linked to each other ... if you change the ring on one , you have to do it on all three or you hear different rings . They also store their own Caller ID 's , phonebooks , etc. which all has to be deleted/entered on each individual unit . I had read this in reviews before I purchased them adn thought I 'd be fine , but it is really quite annoying . We also have had problems with answering calls -- pushing the button to ` talk ' will sometimes hang up the call altogether .
 I ordered this product , the Jumbo Cuisenaire Rods , and instead got the regular sized rods from Learning Resources . In other words , I paid a premium price for the jumbo-sized , which are supposed to have a base unit size of 2cmx2cmx2cm , and got short-changed .
 Buy this product from another vendor , one that represents their products correctly . The product is listed as Cuisenaire Rods Inro Set 74/pk . The pictures show the blocks in a plastic storage box . I ordered it , and received a 56 pack set of rods inside of a large plastic bag that was not resealable . The rods themselves are educational and serve the purpose they were purchased for .
 Packet8 , on the surface , appears to be a good choice for VoIP . WRONG ! When I actually experienced their `` service '' I found first impressions can be deceiving . At first it was OK , but after a few months the voice quality became consistently unusable - voices were badly distorted and difficult to understand . Calls were intermittently dropped.Calls to technical support resulted in immediate and repeated blame placed on everything outside their own company . I received pages of instructions telling me to change all the cords , change my router configuration , change my phone , change my network configuration , run network tests and on and on . They blamed available bandwidth on my cable line without testing it , told me that having another VoIP service provider on the same network connection would cause a problem because the IP addresses would be `` confused . '' The one thing they did seem good at was finding someone else to blame . They were NOT good at resolving a problem that , in the end , was clearly their own.I 've moved to another provider and have found that Packet8 continued to cause problems because I was forwarding calls from Packet8 to the new provider . Packet8 simply drops all forwarded calls after 16 minutes , something they do n't disclose anywhere I 've found . Outside the Packet8 caused problems , the new service provider -LRB- VoipYourLife -RRB- works great.Packet8 makes it very easy to sign up . They never mention a cancellation fee if you sign up over the phone and bury notice of the fee in a multi-page service agreement online . Discussions with their management made it clear that they did n't care if their service worked or not , they were going to charge their customers to cancel.Stay away from this one .
 Terrible Service , Dropped calls , BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE !! I have been a subscriber of Packet 8 service for about 5 years . Initially the service was decent but has gone down hill quickly . Huge delays in dialing numbers , Calls that connect with audio channels missing -LRB- one caller or the other can hear but not both -RRB- , Dropped calls and seriously bad `` Indian grade '' cut and paste customer service whenever you try to bring problems to their attention . You can do better cheaper . I replaced my Packet 8 service with a bluetooth cellphone gateway but considered Oooma Plus for 8.00 a month .
 I used Packet8 when it first came out in 2005 . Because the quality of the audio is very important to me , I was very disappointed with Packet8 's performance . The voice quality sounds noticeably computerized . I also use Vonage , which charges more per month , but has audio quality which matches a traditional telephone line . Vonage also has the ability to reduce the sound quality if you want to reduce the bandwidth required , while Packet8 offers no option to increase the sound quality.I also found that Packet8 's support was terrible . I wanted to find out if the sound quality I was experiencing was the result of a defect or just a characteristic of the service . So , I called Packet8 's `` 24-hour '' support line . Although I placed my call at 1:30 a.m. and several times later in the morning and the following afternoon , I always reached an answering service who could do nothing other than take a message and promise a return call . The return call never came . In my view , a 24-hour answering service does not qualify as `` 24-hour '' support , even if the calls had been returned.I also sent several e-mails complaining about the sound quality , and the only response that I got asked me to send another e-mail if I wanted support . I did , but it was never returned.I finally called Packet8 's main number and asked to speak to a manager . The switchboard operator transferred me to a line that nobody answered . When I called back , she transferred me to a voicemail . When I called back again , she transferred me to a very rude person who insisted upon finding all of my e-mails before he would help me . When I suggested that he help me first , and find the e-mails later , he hung up on me.I called again and the operator transferred me to the director of technical support 's voicemail , where I left a message promising to cancel my service if I did n't get a return call . Five minutes later , I got a call from a senior technical support representative who said that he was asked to call me by the director of technical support . He called me on my regular phone line from a Packet8 line in their headquarters . The call had the same mechanized quality that my Packet8 line had , which led me to conclude the audio problems are normal.All that said , if you wo n't need support , and you do n't mind the digitized sound quality of Packet8 , you ca n't beat the price . If you want better quality , Vonage -LSB- ... -RSB- offers better quality at a higher price .
 I have ordered their IP phone service one year ago . They asked my credit card for direct deduction for monthly payment . I asked them to keep my phone number . Packet8 told me that SBC service would be automatically disconnected when the number was ported . It took more than two months for them to transfered my phone number from SBC.The voice quality of packet8 phone is very bad . So , I had to switch back to SBC at last Decemember . However , in March I found that my credit card still be billed . So , I contact Packet8 . Packet8 told me that it was the customer 's responsibility to explicitly notify them to stop the service . I did not understand how they can still bill the customer for phone service without phone number . I asked them to stop my phone service.Today , I found they still billed me on my credit card for another four months after I called them . I contacted the customer service again . He told me that he can not found any record for my last call.I can not believe that a company could lie to the customer like this.Please think about clearly before you order them device and service . They are cheap .
 I purchased this device form Catchthebargains . It has been 2 months now and I still have not received the device . They have cut off all contact from me as well . They no longer respond to emails and apparently refuse to refund my account . Stay away from CATCHTHEBARGAINS . Amazon should kick them off !
 A friend bought one of these and used in on my computer for a presentation . It worked ... once ... and that was it . I bought the same thing and mine did n't work at all . This thing is a worthless piece of garbage and I regret ever buying it . Buy one from another company . This is par for the course for Microsoft .
 I am a lecturer who likes to move around freely , i.e. up to a good five meters away from my laptop . I first bought an MS Presenter 3000 , without consulting any rewiews , I stumbled over it in the store and on the package a suitable range was promised . I found myself restricted to about 1.5 meters around the laptop for reliable use . I nevertheless used it for some time but got annoyed more and more . I found out that I am not the only person having troubles with this device . So I did not even gave the MS Presenter a second try through replacement , but - before bringing it back for cash refund , to be able to make a 1:1 comparison - I bought a Logitech Cordless 2.4 GHz Presenter for about double the price . It was worth it . With the same batteries , the Logitech Presenter has a reliable range of at least 10 meters .
 I was generally inclined to take the other reviewer 's negative comments with a grain of salt . It is often the case , with all respect , that the problems are due to user error , not problems with the device.Not so , in the case of the microsoft presenter . The feature list is great , and the use of AAA 's -LRB- rather than button batteries -RRB- made it look great on paper . RF , LCD , timer -LRB- with vibrating alarm ! -RRB- , mouse . Too bad it could n't deliver.It did not work out of the box . My other presenters are easy to use
 This procuct did not work , and is no longer being produced . Microsoft offered a refund , but I am out the shipping costs .
 It worked when I tested , after this it the only thing that continues working was the laser pointer . I tried to use it with different computers and it did not work either . The main problem is that Microsoft does not provide any help to troubleshoot it.I was looking for help in the net and the only thing I found were hundreds of users with the same problem but no solution .
 DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT!This product worked once , when I initially installed it . Before I could actually deliver the presentation , it stopped working and has not worked since . Have not been able to get it to work using any of the ideas on the discussion board . I regret not having researched it before making the purchase . I now see that many , many people have had similar experiences . Obviously microsoft knows of the problem . They just lost me as a customer , not only for this , but for anything branded microsoft that I can avoid .
 I bought this presenter to use while teaching . It never worked from the first moment I got it . The accompanying instructions gave no hint as to what to do , other than the old Microsoft - reinstall and reboot both the sending and receiving units . That did n't work . Sent it back to the supplier and never heard from them again , let alone a refund.Went to the store , bought a Kensington combination mouse and presenter , and it worki9ed instantly I plugged it in . Did n't have to do a thing . It is excellent.Don ' t buy the Microsoft presenter . I looked all over the nte AFTER buying it , and found nothing but bad reviews and discussions about quality issues .
 I actually thought that I would order this and it would work for me . I read the reviews beforehand , but I figured it would work for me . I generally like Microsoft products . I figured others were using the device wrong or something.When I took it out of the packaging , it seemed nice . The size is great . The layout of the buttons is great . I was excited . It had every feature that I needed . Plus , the description says it works &#34; up to 50 feet . &#34; Here 's the deal . I used this in a courtroom twice . Both times it was horribly unreliable . It frustrated the hell out of me . I must have looked ridiculous in front of the jury clicking away thinking my rehearsed slides were keeping up . They were n't . I never got the device to respond from a distance over 10 feet . Reliably , it needs to be about 2-3 feet from the USB receiver . At that range , I can just reach to the keyboard . 50 feet ? Not even close.Regarding syncing
 When it works , it 's fine . The problem is getting it to work . After my first two presentations , it failed , and nothing I do will get it to work - other than the laser pointer . Try to find any support for it on the Microsoft web site . There are numerous complaints all over the Internet identical to mine .
 0 Stars . Purchased this item in the morning , returned it the same afternoon . Only the laser pointer worked . When I saw it was a Microsoft product I hesitated before purchasing it , but since it was the only one carried at the store I went ahead and decided to give it a try . `` Best for Power Point '' it claims . If your Power Point presentation has only one slide , maybe it will work for you . Otherwise , pass . I should 've known better ...
 I have just returned my non-working Microsoft Presenter 3000 . -LRB- just as everybody else , laser pointer worked , timer worked , but no communication with the computer was achieved -RRB- The unit just didnt work out of the box . Besides having a real bad documentation , the USB key was not working.After reading a lot on the web -LRB- and wasting lot of time -RRB- I realized the USB key SHOULD TURN ON A GREEN LIGHT when the little button it has is pushed -LRB- and the key is plugged into your computer -RRB- . Mine didnt turn on any light and was unable to send any signal to PC.RECOMENDATION : I guess its a good product if you have enough luck to get a working one . If you dont mind trying , buy one , otherwise buy another brand .
 I am a pastor and bought the Presenter 3000 to use during my church 's Sunday morning worship service . One of the reasons I chose this particularly device was because Microsoft states on the packing `` enjoy the wireless 50 ' range . '' I knew having that range would give me the opportunity to move about the sanctuary and still be able to control any presentation I would be doing . After using it for three weeks , I have discovered the range that is claimed on the packaging is over four times that of reality . I could never get the device to work if I was more than 12 ' from my laptop , and even less if there was anything between the presenter and USB receiver . After struggling with the device for three weeks during worship , I decided to contact Microsoft Support . During the process of trying to solve my problem , the technician I was speaking with eventually said `` due to the many other wireless devices in use today , these types of devices usually work within a range of 10 to 15 feet . '' I inquired about the 50 ' range statement on the packaging , and the response I received from the tech was `` that would be the case in ideal situations . '' I told him , I believe my situation would be about as ideal as you could get . My church is in the mountains and there are no other wireless devices in the building other than peoples ' cell phones . There are no other businesses or churches within mile of our building and the closest house to the church building is at least 100 yards away . His response was , `` there probably is something in the area that is interfering with your device . '' Other than that , this device has worked as advertised . If you do n't ever plan on getting 12 ' feet from your computer or laptop , this would be a good purchase , but if range is an issue , I would not suggest buying it .
 This presenter seems to need to stay in `` line-of-sight '' of its reciever , and even then , it will transmit reliablly from only about 5 feet , and not at all from past 10 feet . So in order to get reliability during presentations , it may be best to carry a USB extention cable to bring the reciever away from the computer and closer to you . Arguablly , this defeats the whole purpose of `` wireless . '' I 've tried this presenter on multiple comptuers with multiple sets of batteries ... . It just does n't have very good range.On the plus side , it does have a nice laser pointer , and the timer -LRB- complete with a customizable `` warning buzz '' -RRB- is quite nifty , although it only displays minutes , not seconds . Only problem is a serious lack of range in situations where the computer station is in the corner of the room . Which , in most situations , is where your comptuer will be .
 I purchased several of these presenters to use at our agency . I made my decision primarily based on the reputation of Microsoft . When I first received the product , I was pleased . It has a good weight , feels like a quality product and is easy to use . HOWEVER , after only a few uses we found the USB component to be a total waste of money . It breaks easily and then the presenter will not communicate with the PC . We basically have 4 over-priced laser pointers because the USB portion of the devices broke . I must add that the equipment was n't abused or mishandled . The USB portion is just fragile .
 I had power point presentation before and I like to purchase new one , however this microsoft power point presenter was so bad.It works so badly . bad mouse movement , it does n't go to next slide even though push several time right in front of the receiver.Try not to buy this product . I thought price and range was good but it does n't really work at all.By the way , the seller sent me the product pretty fast and good condition .
 I 've messed around with this product for about 4 hours and have wanted to throw it against the wall multiple times.The mouse function is not smooth ... that 's if it is even working.The functionality during a powerpoint presentation is very hit or miss . I plan on doing many laptop presentations and feel extremely un-confident in utilizing this product for fear of experiencing embarassing technical difficulties.I plan on trying other wireless products , hopefully with better results ... apparently I ca n't even return this opened product . Ugh.-Dissatisfied customer .
 I was super excited to receive this white out because I use it EVERYDAY for school . I was very dissapointed when 1 out 2 of the white out tape dispensers was broken in the package ! : / I wo n't be buying anymore White Out from you , unless you do something about it .
 Poor new design , it breaks , it has no screw for rewind . Tombo Mono is a better brand , it still has the screw for rewind . Bic has no way to open or adjust the tape .
 Not worth the money . Invest in a better quality product . These reviews are spot on . Nonsense , drivel , refuse , rubbish , junk . Get it ? Do not waste your time .
 In this `` improved '' set up , you have to hold the roller in your right hand , unlike the previous design , which was usable for both right handed and left handed people .
 This product is so bad it really does n't rate the one star I gave it.BIC Wite-Out Correction Tape , 2 TapesI bought multiple boxes of this product because it was at a good price . Not a single one of the dispensers lasted . The takeup reel does not function at all , so you are stuck with having to deal with it hanging from the dispenser . The white out does n't stick half the time , so you have to keep reeling out more and more.In short ... the product sucks period .
 I 've bought 4 of these now , and each one has malfunctioned after one or two uses . Nor am I able to put the things back together because they are so cheaply made . I will never buy another Bic Wite-out again , nor do I reccommend you waste your money . Wite-out never responds to complaints either .
 This is an awful design . Tape loosens almost immediately , the used portion does not get pulled up well enough leaving a loop hanging in the front , tape comes off the `` track '' and NO WAY TO TIGHTEN ! After one use , product is rendered useless . I can not believe that the tension is not adjustable . Tried to take unit apart and wind that way , after 10 minutes of wasted effort and prolific cursing I just had to throw it away . Oh , and the white correction medium , does not stick to the freakin ' paper ! Which is its only purpose . This is just bad , bad , bad .
 I purchased these tapes to replace some old BIC whiteout tapes which I used up . Well , the `` New and Improved '' -LRB- from the package -RRB- is that they SUCK!It is hard to explain , but the tape does n't come out of the dispenser properly and leads to tears/holes in the tape . If you try to run the tape over the top of it again ... it just makes a mess.These things finally provided to be a bigger pain in the butt than anything and earned a one way trip into the waste basket.Bottom line , unless BIC un - `` Improves '' these things ... I 'd go with another brand .
 This is a poor quality item . The tape has broken on both that were purchased . The roller is weak and so it does not apply well .
 BIC `` Wite Out '' correction tape is the worst that I have had the annoyance of using . The tape breaks easily and the plastic housing is uncomfortable to grip . After only several uses , the tape came loose from within somehow , and there was a huge loop sticking out from the front end . This made the product impossible to use . The best dry white out I 've ever used is Liquid Paper dryline grip . They 're not as cheap , but hey , you really do get what you pay for nowdays .
 The tape came loose early on after one or two uses and basically became USELESS . Once the tape is looped out like that there is no fixing it.I had to throw it away with 95 % of it unused.Not a happy customer .
 Just what my title says . The BIC Wite-Out EZ correct tape is absolute crap . First of all , it does n't stick to the page very well . You find yourself having to pat the strip down onto the page with your finger to make sure it will stay . Then there is the issue with aiming it accurately
 Total waste of money . The tape got a little slack in it and stopped working . The 2 reels are supposed to work in harmony ... one pulling the tape as it winds the excess up . If there is even a tiny little slack it stops working . I used this for 1 correction . ONE ! It 's now in the trash and I will never buy it again . What a poor product . Bic should be embarrassed to even sell this . Waste of $ , time , and resources . Boo .
 Trust the reviews
 This is definietly a product where you get what you pay for . The tape doens ' t want to stick and the roll pulls out . These are what is purchased for work and rarely does one work long enough to use it until empty . If I could give 0 stars , I would .
 Both rolls malfunctioned immediately . The tape became loose with a huge loop coming out of the front end . Do n't waste your money . The low price matched the low quality .
 Only for the desperate.I was preparing for a quickly approaching open book test and needed some correction tape to correct some errors in a text book . Went to the store and bought the only available brand -LRB- Wite Out -RRB- and figured it was the same quality as the stuff I have used at work , which was Liquid Paper and another brand that I ca n't remember . I was wrong . The tape is WEAK and will tear about 80 % of the time if you have to overlap a previously applied strip . The fact that you can write with pen over a single strip without the tape shredding is a miracle . If you have a choice , pay the extra buck to buy the better stuff . If you can only find Wite-Out , I would suggest leaving and trying another store . I swear , I almost look forward to making mistakes so I can get through this stuff faster.Also , do not fool yourself into buying combo packs of these things - there 's no amount of money saving that will justify the selection .
 This tape worked fine , but at some point my toddler pulled a few inches of it out , and I could not figure out any way to re-tighten it and get it working again ! Unless I 'm missing something . I pulled it apart , but then the tape just about jumped off the spool , making it impossible to get working again . Very disappointed !
 It never even showed up in the mail . It 's been 2 weeks over the estimated date . So it really sucks
 I ca n't believe that this product is on the market . It does n't work . With both dispenser the tape got loose right away . I took one of the dispensers apart , tightened the tape and put it back together , and the tape immediately got loose again .
 I ordered a similar product made by two other companies at amazon and they worked well . This &#34; BIC &#34; came up as I was searching so I figured its on amazon how bad can it be ? That will teach me for the next time . I threw these in the trash . In a phrase , do n't even think about spending your hard earned money on this garbage .
 Do n't waste your money on this product , even if it 's only $ 3 , you 'll only get frustrated using this . Just as many other reviewers mentioned , within a minute or so of use , the tape comes off of its track so that the used tape does NOT roll back into the cannister and just creates a loopy mess . I refuse to waste my time trying to fix a defectively designed product . SHAME ON BIC for continuing to sell this product KNOWING FULL WELL it is just ripping people off . Spend the $ 3 on an icecream , you 'll feel more happy !
 BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY ... ca n't even get it stick . BIC u suck never buying ur products ever again ... go die in a hole . TY Peace
 Have to say ; this is one of the worst products I 've bought . . The tape over laps if you need to white something out ; the liquid works much better . It would be nice if it did n't create an over-lap seam . This is the least of it 's problems though ... It 's one of those use it once or twice then throw away . The tape does not flow smoothly ; the ribbon gets caught trying to wind back in & will jam . You will end up cutting it or throwing it out . Whatever you do ; do NOT cut it . Best suggestion I have is to pry it apart gently ; making sure it does n't snap apart & fly all over because you need the correct tension on the wheel that pulls the tape back in & to try to affix it after cutting is a royal pain since the tension has to be correct or you will end up with the same issues . Once you pry it apart ; use tweezers & toothpicks to try to get the tape to lay right . I think the original issue is it needs a lip to neatly push the tape over so it winds . Our landfills are full due to products like this that are very cheaply replaced . :-LRB- I would rate this a ZERO if I could .
 Poor quality . Both tapes rolled off the track within a couple of uses and I could n't get it aligned again . Terrible design .
 The concept is that you can `` white out '' using the tape in the cartridge . The problem is in the system that dispenses and winds up the plastic film that the `` white out '' is on . The material comes out to lay down on the paper , but it does not rewind the carrier plastic that the `` white out '' was on . Once that happens you can not use it again . It is not repairable and you end up throwing it away with a lot of tape left on it . I have had this happen a couple of times and I will never buy another one .
 My experience with this particular Bic Wite-Out model as well as another Bic model are quite bad.The tape in these things get stuck , it tears , I have thrown several in the trash well before using up the tape.This company clearly has not tested it 's own products before sending them to market .
 I wish I could remember the first brand of white out tape that I used because this one is terrible . Very cheaply made . I threw the first one out of the two pack . Would n't work . I will never buy this brand again .
 The item arrived in a timely manner but the product itself was useless.There were 2 correction tapes and neither one of them worked . It was not worth the effort to return the item but , rest assured , I will never purchase this item again.The product was Bic white-out correction tapes .
 Within one minute of use the tape gets loose and there is no way to tighten it back up . From what I am reading , everyone is having this same problem . This is not a flaw in a few individual units . It is a massive flaw in the design . BIC could not have overlooked this . This product was irresponsibly released to make a quick buck . If they had one repeat customer ever , I would be surprised . Terrible , terrible , terrible .
 I have been buying this stupid product for years which of course only goes to show my own stupidity ! I have NEVER had one of them make it through even 1/2 of the tape w/o breaking . Have you ever tried to rewind one of these things ? AWFUL ! I wrote to BIC and told them I was done . Back to liquid . I ca n't take the frustration anymore . I own a dog hotel and there are always lots of changes to times and dates for pick up of the dogs . I have to have a reliable product .
 I 'd like to figure out how to give less than 1 star . I 've tried it more times then I care to say and spent too much money on such an inferior product . I 'm going back to liquid White Out , at least it 's consistant . I have at least 5 of the tape rollers that only worked once , and then the tape gets off track and it becomes useless . I am now stuck with these full cartridges of correction tape that do NOT work . Do n't waste your time and money , you 'll end up frustrated and throwing them away . I thought I was n't using it correctly and kept purchasing more , turns out it 's not me or you it 's the dispenser , it just does not work .
 At first I thought it was just me who could n't follow directions on the package , and could successfully apply the correction tape only about 30 % of the time . Then the tape promptly failed to roll properly and formed a backlog of used tape outside the unit . Now that I see the other unhappy reviews , I 'm glad I am not alone.The correction tape works great , but the mechanism is worthless , and I spent way too much time trying to get it to work .
 When the tape is n't tangled , or torn , this white-out tape works fine . You can write on it without smudging and it covers up your errors ... that being said , I take class notes in pen and I spend about 75 % of the time ripping this thing open and de-tangling it , or putting it back on it 's track . It is quite frustrating . I threw away the first one and had the same problem with the second and so , threw that one away as well . I will never buy this product again .
 This is a worthless product . Do n't buy it . The first time I used it the tape stuck to the paper . When the dispenser was pulled back the tape came with it . There is no mechanism to wind the tape back up . So the entire roll was unuseable . I will boycott all of BIC products in the future .
 The tape just hangs loosely from the orange wheel . If you want to use it , one must manually align the tape and then cut with scissors . Do n't even think about buying this junk . I just wish I had read the reviews prior to spending my $ ! Ugh !
 1 -RRB- Hard to roll2 -RRB- It feels cheap3 -RRB- Gets JammedCorrection tape is supposed to be EASY to roll . This product is not easy to use at all . I have to press with the weight of ten men to get it moving . Even when you can somehow get it to rotate , the tape refuses to stay on the paper surface . I have to press down to adhere the white out tape to the paper myself.What is the point of have correction tape if you have to do all the work yourself ? I think I 'll try another brand or just use liquid ... P.S. . In the end I had to throw it away . A total waste of money !
 I bought two for my son , the tape does n't stick , and it often gets tangled up and I have to open up the unit and tried to get the tension right . Do n't buy !
 My office purchased these for me . Within 3 weeks , all three -LRB- packs , as in SIX tapes -RRB- were unusable or broken . The tape breaks , the ribbon loses ` slack ' and can not be tightened , and the white out product on the tape is low quality . There is nothing good about these . Having since been purchased three other white out tape brands , I can honestly say this is perhaps the worst product on the market . You could not PAY me to use it again . Avoid . As an alternative , consider the Liquid Paper DryLine Grip , which has become a favorite in our office .
 I bought several packages of these because I am a teacher and use a lot of white out tape . I have always used another brand , but these were less expensive and I figured they would be equal quality as the other brand considering they were made by a well-known company -LRB- Bic -RRB- . I have been VERY disappointed with them . The tape never stays tight and I am always having to waste white out tape to `` wind '' the loose tape . Also , the tape turns easily so that the plastic side it facing out instead of the white-out side . I took one apart the other day to try to fix the turned tape and that was a disaster ! I ended up just throwing the whole thing out because I was so frustrated trying to get it back together right . I had a student yesterday that had one exactly like mine and he was pulling it apart and trying to fix it too . I guess I 'm not the only one with problems with them !
 Bic Wite Out is the worst correction tape I have ever purchased ! More often than not , it does not work . There is no reel turn so you can pull up extra tape if for some reason it stops working . Even once you go searching for a youtube video on how to reel in the excess tape , it still does not work.Save time and hassel , get the `` Tombow Classic Mono Correction Tape '' which is the gold standard of correction tapes . I have been using Tombow for years without incident . It always works every time . -LRB- if you are wondering why I would purchase the BIC , it was because I needed something right away and had to purchase correction tape at the drug store , Bic is all they had .
 first one i opened and tried to use the tape strung out too long and i had to try to rewind it ... what a mess ! worthless and impossible to rewind to get it useable.Bic is a good brand name but not this combo set : -LRB-
 I HATE THE NEW DESIGN ON THE WITE OUT . THE WITE OUT BEATS THE LIQUID BY A FIVE STAR RATING BUT THE NEW DESIGN FROM THE OLD ELONGATED IS NO GOOD . I PURCHASED A PKG OF THESE AND ON THE FIRST TWO THAT I TRIED THE TAPE DID NOT SEPARATE FROM THE BACKING AND I HAD ABOUT 2 INCHES OF MESS THAT I COULD N'T GET BACK IN THE CONTAINER . SAME THING HAPPENED ON THE NEXT ONE . I WILL NO LONGER PURCHASE THE BIC BRAND AND WILL PURCHASE ANY OFFICE STORE BRAND THAT HAS THE OLD DESIGN .
 At first I was really impressed with the product , so I bought it again , only to have the orange one break after only minimal use . I thought that it might have just been a defective one , but I was stupid enough to buy it two more times , and each and every time resulting in having at least one of them breaking -LRB- this last time was the last straw though , BOTH of them broke ! AWFUL PRODUCT !
 What more can I say the old small style worked much better . These are bulky and the tape comes out uneven and it is hard to control .
 The tape works fine until it becomes loose and then it 's worthless . The packaging indicates it has a self-winding mechanism , but it has never worked for me . Inevitably , wound up throwing away both with more than half the tape on because it became loose . I will never buy this again .
 This stuff is the worst . Does n't stick properly , does n't tear easily , causes an awful mess and a lot of trouble . After attempting to use it this past time I have decided to just throw it away .
 this new EZcorrect white-out dispenser is completely inefficient , and here is why :1 . when you release the tape from the paper after correcting something , a piece of tape sticks out from the tip EVERY SINGLE TIME - which means that each time you use it after that you get an extra piece of loose tape crunched up right in front of the word you are trying to white-out .2 . the tip of the dispenser is so hard and stiff that when you go over an already-corrected area , it scratches off the tape that was previously applied . -LSB- the old dispenser did not do that even if the tape was n't dry -RSB- 3 . the tip of the dispenser is too wide and makes the use inaccurate and awkward.what a terrible product ! the old design worked much better . this is a major redesign FAIL for bic.now where do i buy the old tapes ?
 I bought this item because I am going to be having back surgery and I thought it would be a great way to still be able to use my laptop after . Well , since it does n't roll under my bed very far , it will be no use after the surgery ! It would be ok if it was about 8 '' wider ! The instructions were good in that all the parts had stickers with a number on it , so inventory was easy . Putting it together was relatively easy once I took out my own tools . If you do n't have your own tools , plan on a long assembly ! Overall the product is ok . Will I return it ? I do n't feel like taking it all apart ! Would I buy it again ? No .
 I purchased this for my mom who recently had a stroke . She was in bed at the time , quite a bit , and I wanted her to be able to use her iPad . This seemed like the perfect solution . Unfortunately , there is not enough room between the pole and the bed for it to slide up under the bed . It only slides enough for about 1/4 of the table top to go over the bed . We are using it for our binders that we keep her daily care info in ... However , this was quite a disappointment . Maybe it will work better with a chair . . Will try and update later .
 I would have returned this product if I didnt spend so much time and effort putting it together , THEN finding out that one of the metal pieces was bent . My husband had to put a shim in there to make the stationary side level . It does n't roll too well and is rickety . Worth half what I paid ...
 I had been looking for something to use on weekends to keep me out of my home office . I had seen these at various retailers and kick myself now for not buying local.This arrived with a crack with made it unstable - not to looks but weight distribution.Returned immediately .
 I was really disappointed by the quality of this pens ' refills , as everything that transfered from USA to China lost it quality.The ink when you write spreads in a terrible way , and looks like you are writting with a 2 cent pen .
 I purchased this phone also through amazon , forgot who I bought it from , but anyway , the phone I bought was a dud from the start , I could not download any of the features as stated , and what really pead me off , the phone only allows you to talk for 2 hrs , now that is a no-no , because when I get into a conversation I do n't need my phone to tell me to hang upkind of reminds me when I was living with my parents , when I called the company , panasonic those people act like I just landed from mars , they did not have an idea of what I was talking about , so I never was able to use the features , I 'm in the market for another talking id phone from panasonic , and the reviews I 've read seemed to be pretty good , I 'm leaningtowards the KXTG9333T , atleast they states you can talk for 5 hours .
 The handsets -LRB- we have four , including the one in the base unit -RRB- work fine . But the buttons on the base unit -LRB- numbers , messages -- outgoing and incoming -- hold , intercom , volume control , etc. -RRB- stop working within a very short time . Not a big deal unless you do n't have a separate voice mail system -LRB- we do -RRB- or unless you want to add another handset . We 've had two base units so far . We returned the first unit as it was still on warranty but in order to benefit from the warranty we had to send the unit in and wait for them to send us a replacement . It was a hardship as this is our only telephone and without the base unit the handsets do n't work . So , unless we want to use a cheap spare unit while we send the second one back to the manufacturer we are stuck with a non-functioning base unit .
 Even though the display looks very bright and sharp in the picture on Amazon , I found it to have poor contrast no matter how I adjusted it . The numbers , characters and symbols are too small for me to read them.I returned the calculator for these reasons . Just a warning for those you over 60 like me .
 First off , I bought this calculator more out of excitement and curiosity than need . I thought a touch screen interface would be a wonderful thing for a calculator , and the descriptions leading up to the ClassPad 's release were tantalizing and exciting . To sum up , what I feel I actually have is a strange mixture of poor planning and deep insensitivity to users ' needs.The display contrast is terrible . And if you try to remedy this with a strong light source , you trade horrible contrast for double images caused by shadows . The ` screen protector ' Casio provides is no help , either . It adds a reflection problem to the mix.The huge amount of screen real estate seems like it would be a wonderful thing . Unfortunately , it is used by the calculator 's OS with stunning inefficientcy . Even performing basic calculations can be frustrating . As soon as you bring up the soft keyboard , a full half of your screen is lost . Answers or problems that exceed one line are simply truncated , followed by an ellipsis and a tiny , tiny triangle you must tap to see the rest of the line . There is no way to display the whole line at the same time.The touch screen interface , the most intriguing aspect of this calculator for me -LRB- before purchase -RRB- , is very poorly implimented . The calculator has a very basic keypad for entering numbers and basic functions . It also has dedicated keys for three variables , x , y and z. Oddly , they have no keys for storing anything in these variables . The only way to do it is using the ` soft keyboard ' , a touch screen keyboard with several panels of keys , all of which are quite tiny and very difficult to see due to the poor display . Imagine being in an engineering or technical environment and having to pull out a stylus every time you wish to do anything but the basic four functions . You can not lay this calculator on a table and use it with one hand effectively , unless you wish to try to balance the stylus in your remaining fingers as you enter numbers , then flip it about to use it on the soft keyboards . And yes , you must use the stylus . All the soft keys are far too tiny to be used with a fingertip.The documentation is bewildering . Individual commands and functions are often explained in relation to other commands and functins , and examples are given with no remarks or explainations . The upshot is that when you need to understand a function , you often have to make several trips to various indexes , back to pages that explain other functions , only to be driven back to the indexes again . To top it off , many functions have bewildering , counterintuitive names . What might be a self-contained ` if ' command in another calculator or in a spreadsheet , for instance , is called ` piecewise ' in the ClassPad.The CAS is odd . As a matter of fact , the entire operating system is confusing at times . Menus are arranged in strange ways , icons on toolbars give few clues as to what function they perform . The built-in applications are not even loosly tied together , save by obscure system variables whose names are all but meaningless to humans . There 's a plethora of functions and commands , but there is odd and glaring omissions as well . Who has seen a recent scientific calculator , for instance , that has no engineering format for the display ? Only the ClassPad.Programmability of this calculator is weak . It is especially difficult to prompt users for input , as there are odd limitations on things like input and output commands . And , of course , the poor , difficult to use documentation does not help.This is a machine with tremendous potential that is marred by poor implimentation , and after having one for some years now , I see no signs of improvement . I would strongly advise anyone considering this calculator to visit the Universal Calculator Forum 's ClassPad area . Read it carefully before investing in this expensive but frustrating machine . In my book , it is not a practical calculator for anyone , though some students seem to like it . Use this URL - http://www.casiocalc.org/ and click on the ClassPad forum .
 The LCD diplay on these units -LRB- I have purchased two , now , with the identical problem -RRB- is so bad that the units are essentially unusable . The LCD display contrast is very , very low . -LRB- it is hard to believe that the contrast is even 10:1 ? -LRB- a good LCD computer monitor is about 500:1 -RRB- -RRB- Even under the best lighting conditions , carefully holding the instrument just so , etc. the units are hardly even readable . I have 1 -RRB- replaced the batteries -LRB- both the batteries that came with the units and these replacement batteries tested fully charged -RRB- 2 -RRB- carefully adjusted the contrast -LRB- being unusable is the BEST that I could get , any other contrast is hopelelly worse -RRB- 3 -RRB- reset the unit , etc.After the problem with the first unit , I looked at the Amazon.com reviews and the reviews did not mention this problem . I therefore , reasonably , assumed that this first unit was defective and so I arranged to exchange it for another one . Unfortunately , the second unit 's display is equally abominable so I assume that this very unfortunate defect is intrinsic to the product .
 I totally agree with the previous reviewer . I removed the protective cover -LRB- as suggested by another reviewer -RRB- , it did not help that much . The only way I can see the screen is when I place the calculator under a desktop lamp.I wasted $ 150 . What a shame .
 Never get to use it because it is too big . I thought I order the wrong size and did not find out until weeks later .
 The wrong power cord was sent for the main base and I had to purchase one additionally at extra cost and shipping . Not too happy with this one . I only hope it works works when charger gets here .
 I was so excited to get this phone . It has so many features including a speaker phone on the handset which is great when someone puts you on hold.However , from the first day I got it -LRB- and I 've only had it a week -RRB- it kept randomly cutting out during conversations . I heard dead air space and the person on the other end would hear a beep sound . The person on the other end would think it was their call waiting.So now I 've driven my friends crazy thinking their was something wrong with their call waiting . Other than that the range on the DSS was great but the sound quality was a bit tinny compared to an analog phone.I do n't recommend this phone and am still searching for a phone with good range , good sound , that does n't cut in and out . Is that too much to ask for ?
 I 'd give it 0 stars if I could . I had the same problem with the phone cutting out as the person from Plainview , NY . I do not have call waiting nor do most of the people I call . AT&T was trying to blame the problem on that , but it must be something else . They sent me a new phone -LRB- wrong model -RRB- to replace it , but it had the same issue . I sent it back . Later , the original phone was unable to find it 's base even though other phones worked fine when plugged into the phone connection .
 Similar to the other reviews I read just now , I was extremely disappointed with this product . I purchased this AT&T ; phone system because I have had good luck with AT&T ; products in the past.I experienced similar problems to what others report here - the call cutting out for a second or two , caller id/call waiting not working properly , and also beeps heard by the person on the other end of the conversation.I spent hours talking with AT&T ; tech support and have sent the product back for replacement units under warranty three separate times . If I could 've returned it to buy a product from another company , I WOULD HAVE !!! But I could n't so I continued to work with their customer service line to get the problem resolved -LRB- particularly , since we owned 4 of these handsets -RRB- . After this most recent call , they offered to replace the unit AGAIN , and I told them that was rediculous because the same problems kept recurring even when they sent me new units . -LRB- Although odd , they did n't have record of other problems with this unit , similar to what I was experiencing -RRB- . Ultimately , they agreed to send me an upgraded phone system -LRB- 5830 -RRB- as a replacement.I just received the main unit today and am letting it charge . I hope this solves the problem . Good news is that I was reading reviews on this new model and people LOVE it . I hope I 'm as pleased.Thankfully , through this frustrating process , their customer service group is doing the right thing to attempt to make me a happy customer .
 I would not recommend this telephone . I have had the same problem where , during a conversation , the telephone keeps cutting out . On my end I hear nothing for anywhere from a brief 1/2 second to seomtimes several seconds . On the other end the other party hears beeping . I 'm on my 2nd telephone from At & T with the same results . I ca n't use this phone !
 I have used this phone for quite awhile . The sound quality is just terrible . There is a constant echo . Do not buy this phone .
 Very Disappointed ! I thought this phone would be the `` cats meow '' with all of the features , and the expandability . Bought two more handsets after we bought the original base unit and 2 handsets . I think since day one , the call waiting ID worked 3 times or so . Had AT&T send us a whole new setup including new base unit and new handsets and the problem is still there . Just had AT&T send us our 2nd new base and the problem is still there . Would n't recommend this phone to anyone . This phone has many problems including poor sound , lackluster performance , just plain bad . Wish I could get my money back ! Good Luck !
 PROS
 I 've owned a 900MHz Uniden Extend-A-Phone for over 10 years and I 've been happy with it - the only exception there is that the range is pretty limited . With the good experience with the Uniden product and wanting to get something more up to date , I selected the Uniden 5.8 GHz model that included call ID features . Getting the unit up and working was simple enough - as any phone should be . Programming the call entries was n't too bad but I do n't like the method for activating the calls from the list . It makes 3 way calling much more difficult when using entries from the address book . But one of the most annoying things about this phone is that I have to set the time of day and day of week . I do n't know why this information is n't simply taken from the caller ID message . It would n't be so bad to set it once , but this phone has the nasty habit of resetting when I plug it in the charger after a call . The call could be 2 minutes or 92 minutes and it may or may not reset when placed in the charger . 2 stars because it does have good range , but I would expect that in any 5.8 phone . Bottom line for me is that this will be the last Uniden product I ever purchase .
 I sent this phone back because I could barley get 100 feet before being out of range
 As a fan of Uniden products , I could n't wait to get my new phone !! I plugged it in , charged it for 24 hours , set it up and made my first call . Then my second . And third ... Each of my callees had the same response
 These phones are bad . I purchased two in March 2007 and have had nothing but problems since . They hang up on ANY phone call after 2-3 minutes . I have them on the chargers 24/7 , and still they hang up . If I walk more than 5 feet away from the base unit , they also hang up with a message saying `` Out of Range '' . What is the range on these things ... 4 feet?I 'm currently trying to find out where to send them back to Uniden for a refund .
 I chose this phone based on Consumer Reports information and Amazon review.I paid too much for a phone that can not get too far from its base before reception is nonexistant .
 The phone was not audible . If you received or placed a call , there is interference on the line -LRB- a buzzing sound -RRB- . Whether I was near the base or away from the base , the audio was horrible . I returned it and bought a GE phone which is great !!!
 This phone has some really fantastic features . As a 1 line phone I highly recommend it . If you add the 2nd line , you CAN NOT use both lines . As soon as the 2nd call comes in , the 1st call line is filled with loud buzz and the caller is inaudible .
 I ordered the Tru9460 base handset and 3 accessory handsets -LRB- Tcx905 -RRB- . I use Amazon Prime , and the handsets arrived in 2 days w/o difficulty , or delay . And let me tell you , they look great ! sleek , crisp . I ca n't wait to see if they work.I have to wait , b/c Amazon gives me no idea when the Base Handset will be shipped . There was no -LRB- zippo , nada -RRB- indication on any of the web pages that the Base was n't in stock , and so when I ordered , I was under the impression that it would have arrived today with the accessory handsets.Furthermore , Amazon is stating that I ca n't cancel or change my order , if I wanted to , so I could instead go out to a local store and buy the base , so I could get my phone system up and running . This would be good , but kind of defeats the whole purpose of buying online -LRB- to save time and the hassel of in-store shopping -RRB- and of paying for my yearly Amazon Prime fee -LRB- to save on delivery charges -RRB- . So , the reason for 1 star is really my beef with Amazon , not with the phone . I 'll seek to leave an update on the phone when I finally do receive it and can give it a thorough evaluation .
 I had to return this item because it 's not compatible as an additional handset for the Uniden TRU9466 phone system.When I purchased the Uniden TRU9466 unit , the TRU9460 came up as a `` buy this unit also '' choice , implying that it worked with the TRU9466 . Once it arrived , I found out that the TRU9460 was a standalone unit and would NOT associate with the Uniden TRU9466 2-line system.The good news is that Amazon refunded my money , including shipping . I was pleased with that , even though frustrated by the inconvenience of not having an additional handset .
 I got this phone to go with our other uniden so that we had a phone in each room . It wont work with our other unidens . So was a waste of my money and time .
 I had no problem with the phone - until it malfunctioned just after the 1 yr . warranty period had ended . The handset started beeping incessantly , and the only way to stop it was to remove the battery . When the battery is put back in , the phone starts beeping again.Now it 's time to buy another phone ... from a different manufacturer .
 The people I spoke to using this phone either did n't recognize my voice or said I sounded like I was talking down a drain pipe . Also I found the ringer not loud enough .
 I purchased this stapler because I wanted something dependable . It also looked very nice . The trouble started , however , upon the first staple jam . This stapler is basically solid state , so you can not remove the head , or break it apart to remove jammed staples . The first time this happened , I spent 20 minutes with a pair of tweezers trying to pull out jammed staples . The stapler then worked nicely for a while longer . But then it jammed again . I spent another 30 minutes trying to get it unjammed.This is a very expensive stapler , and yet it jams frequently and it is very hard to unjam . Stick with the $ 5 stapler at target.Perhaps the jamming problem is due to the fact that the stapler only uses `` pilot 400 '' staples . However , these kinds of staples are hard to find . All those standard staples you have laying around will need to be thrown away and replaced with `` Pilot 400 '' staples.If you must have this stapler , and have regular staples , use only a single stack of staples , do n't put in a bunch of small broken up staple chunks into the loader , or it will jam . Keep your needle nose pliers handy as well , you will need them.When it 's working though , it works beautifully .
 I 'm a young kid ; only 71 years old . But I always heard that the Ace Pilot stapler was the one that set the standard for desktop staplers . It was n't the most attractive-looking device , and in those old offices sixty years ago , they always appeared dirty and rusty . And that spring ... strange looking ! However , I understood that the Ace Pilot stapler was the creme de la creme.So I was happy to see that I could buy one out of its product life cycle
 I purchased the Advantus Corporation desk stapler because it looked like it would hold up and I remember using one like it when I was a child . Well only after 2 weeks it has stopped working . In order to make it staple even one piece of paper the back spring must be removed and all staples taken out then replaced and it is ready to press ONE staple . Then the whole process must be repeated for the next stapling . I have e-mailed the company but I have not heard from them . I am sorry I bought this stapler .
 Received the phone and within 30 days the phone ceased working . While covered under warranty I had to foot the shipping cost in order to obtain a replacement .
 Read all of these reviews carefully . `` Finally got it right after 3 times ! '' , `` Looks great but drops calls '' ... these are NOT good reviews . First off , as with many other reviews , after 3 months of normal use the phone began to drop calls and then search for the base . Even when the phone was placed on the base it would not `` find '' it . The phone basically goes dead for no reason and it is not fixable . You just have to wait until the phone decides on it 's own to reconnect to the base . Now I ask you one very important question here
 Loved this phone for the first few years after purchasing it . Then the handsets stopped dropping calls as described by countless reviewers here.In our case : - I tried all of the troubleshooting steps recommended by Vtech customer support - I turned off our wireless router to rule out interference with itResult : - any handset , no matter how long we charge it , drops connection with base less than a minute after taking it off charger , and then the display goes dead and the battery indicator drops to no charge.I replaced the batteries on all 3 of our headsets . That fixed the problem instantly , and I thought we were back in business . Then the problem returned within a few months.The phone is now absolutely useless unless we use the speakerphone built into the base . I 've always been an early adopter of electronics . I 've never , ever , purchased a product as unreliable as this one .
 I have the base with two satellite units . I have experience numerous dropped calls and low battery problems . Granted , the system is one of the most attractive in the market place . But , the level of frustration experienced by dropped call has convinced me that I should just buy a new phone from another company.I changed the OME batteries and I have not experienced the above problems .
 I purchased this unit as well as a satellite base . This phone works great about 20 feet from the base , then quality goes to pot . My second unit quit working completely . I ignored the bad reviews on this - really wish I hand n't . This thing stinks .
 I hate writing bad reviews . Something has to be really , really wrong for me to publicly slam a product.Well , unfortunately , I 've got four `` really wrongs '' here at my house that I bought as part of a six handset VTech system back just slightly over a year ago -LRB- and , please note , the warrantee just expired - literally . -RRB- I loved the phone a lot - back when it was working . But one day the trouble started . First it was the `` Unable to Connect '' message that appeared on the handsets when trying to answer a call . Now , three of my handsets wo n't connect the base , ever . All have the same infuriating message `` Unable to Connect . '' Three dead , three to go.Then came the spontaneous rebooting . One of the last working phones just reboots - over and over and over . So , it 's out.Now I 've got 50 % of my system that I spent a LOT of money on not that long ago.I 'm pretty unhappy about it and I 'll never buy another VTech product . I suggest you do n't as well.Seriously , how does a cordless phone , with no moving parts , suddenly stop working ? FOUR of them ?
 Terrible . Horrible . Where do I start ? The bad sound quality , the slowness of the dialing -LRB- you have to dial the number first then press go , like a cellphone . Otherwise you have to wait 1.5 seconds for the dialtone . If you dont , redial -RRB- . Other problems - phone looses base for no reason . Some messages are very quiet , almost impossible to hear . Resets day of the week for no reason . Lots of messages where the person has hung up , and you hear the recorded message saying `` if you would like to make a call . . This phone looks good but really s BAD .
 I was a Beta tester for the Siemens ' phone systems in the late 90 's . The features on their 4420 and 8825 systems were similar to those on the VTech i5871 but over time , the phones failed . Deja vu . On the VTech i5871 and compatible handset i5808 , the features are very nice but the phone system also fails after a short period , generally within about six months . The phone goes into `` searching for base '' or `` unable to connect '' . Phone system resets do not help . I believe they have a problem in their chipset -LRB- the brains -RRB- . I have had 7 replacement phones ... all have failed . A manager at VTech Tech Support , after much arm-twisting , admitted they are having problems with the phone but hope to have the problem corrected ... but I do n't feel they will . They have been aware of the problem for over a year ... still not corrected -LRB- I think we can do the math on this one ! -RRB- . I have a graveyard of the phone systems ; and do n't worry , you will not see them for sale on eBay . The phone sytem gets an F grade from me . Also , if you do a Google search , you 'll find my complaint is identical with many who have the i5871 phone system ... the problem is well documented . Good luck !
 I bought this phone one year ago . I have had nothing but problems . I wasted a lot of money for this phone and an extra side line . -LRB- It keeps dropping a connection -RRB- The Master phone isnt working now either.Buyer Beware !
 We LOVED this phone with all the feature it has . You can record your own ring which was need so the kids would hear the name of the person calling.Just before the warrenty was up the phone would drop calls . The display shows `` searching for base '' -LRB- even right next to it -RRB- . We called customer service and were told -LRB- after resetting etc -RRB- to send in the handset unit . They send a new refurnished one back . After a little while the same Propblem . We called Vtech again this time they told us must have been the base unit but unfortuentelly we now out of warranty . After back and force they send us a refunsihed new base about 2 weeks ago . Same Problem calls getting dropped all the time . I ca n't even pick up the phone a lot of times . YES , we did change the locating of the phone.Of course I called them again and well we already out of warrenty even so each new set came with a warrenty label to keep.Sad we realy liked the phone while it was working !
 This Phone is the worst I have ever owned ! The handset is constantly searching for the base , which makes using it almost impossible . The handset constantly says Low Battery , even though it is always on the cradle . When I was able to use it -LRB- occasionally -RRB- , the sound through the handset is very poor . I 'm going back to Uniden !! This thing is going back TODAY !!
 Received our VTech I5808 and I5871 with enthusiasm . The design is excellent . Installation went smoothly . However , within 24 hours we needed to reset the pairing in order to receive or make calls . After multiple resets , a phone call was made to the VTech customer support team . They were pleasant but brought bad news . In the customer service team member 's script was a statement that the product offered through Amazon was most likely old and needed to be replaced . Further , he recommended that we return our phones to VTech , not Amazon . As a result , we packed up the product and shipped it back to VTech -LRB- at our expense -RRB- for a complete replacement.So ... the verdict is still out . Did we receive an old phone ? Will the new phones be reliable ? Will VTech promptly return new phones ? In the end , will we be happy with our purchase ?
 My wife spent lots of money -LRB- about $ 140 -RRB- on this phone . It stopped working in 2 months . The handset ca n't find the base . The user manual indicates to press `` register '' on the handset when using base to set up handset . But there is not `` register '' key anywhere on the handset . Took back to the store and they fixed somehow . It lasted another several months and same problem occured again.Don ' t waste your money on this one . I do have good experience on another basic cordless Vtech phone - a $ 5 one which does n't give me any problem .
 After ten months -LRB- right outside the warranty period -RRB- this entire system began malfunctioning . None of the seven handsets I purchased worked ; all read `` searching for station . '' The base station even began malfunctioning . For two weeks we had no phones . Not to mention the dropped calls in the middle of client conferences or simply going dead while on an overseas call with a friend.I tried to get VTech to help . I got '' your phone is out of warranty '' . Do not buy this phone or anything else from this company . I am so sick of crummy products with worse service . This product deserves a class action suit .
 I was so impressed with this phone for the first 12-18 months . Everything worked perfectly , especially the speaker phone . Now , I can not receive or make phonecalls at all - the minute I pick up the phone from the base it loses all connection with the base and drops the call . The only way I can use this phone is if someone calls me and I talk to them on the speakerphone from the base , but I ca n't even call people ! It 's not a battery problem and I have tried over and over to register/re-register the phone . Nothing works . Very disappointed , especially for the money I paid for the phones - I would not buy again .
 I purchased the i5871 base unit and three i5808 handsets a little over a year ago to replace an aging Siemans Gigaset system . Initial impressions are that the system is very stylish and looks good in pretty much any room . However , the handsets are not comfortable to use for long periods of time . The sharp edges are simply not compatible with my ear , and I 've gotten similar complaints from other users . The phone book management is archaic at best . It is frustrating to have to update each handset individually . Sound quality is above average , but the handsets are continuously resetting or loosing connection to the base , even standing right next to it . This happens in the middle of phone calls , checking voicemail , or while trying to dial . I 've tried Vtech 's support recommendations of re-registering the handsets at the base , unplugging everything and letting it reset , and nothing seems to work . Ultimately , I have several hundred dollars invested in a phone system that is just out of warranty and is too unreliable to use . This will most likely be the last Vtech product I purchase .
 it 's definately the prettiest phone on the market ... but for it 's price I expect it to last more than 8 months ... same standard issue everyone else has - `` lost contact with base `` unexemptablealso software does not work with Macs -LRB- an odd choice considering it 's target demographics -RRB- zero stars
 We purchased this phone about 18 months ago along with two matching additional phones to put in basement and bedroom . The basement phone started acting up about eight months ago and no longer holds a charge at all . Now the other two are not working right . They constantly say `` searching for base '' when you try and answer them and we lose calls all the time . We need to replace all three phones and they were not cheap . We are very disappointed and will never purchase vtech phones again . We 've never had cordless phones fail after this short of a time and these are the most expensive ones we 've ever purchased .
 Aesthetically one of the nicest I 've ever seen ... But it only works 20 % of the time . It 's constantly searching for base , and dropping calls . . very disappointed .
 I purchased this great looking telephone less than a year ago and have had nothing but trouble . I returned it for repair ??? and I 'm still having the same issues . The time reverts to some time of its own ; I get VERY late messages , the hand set can not be set as the menu can not be accessed , and on and on . DO N'T BUY IT Someone else will come out with a good looking telephone some day soon.Ellen
 I hate this phone . I bought it for its looks but frequently want to throw it accross the room . It is slow - frequently does not take all the numbers you enter unless you press them slowly . I would say that out of every 5 numbers I dial , i have to dial one again . The date resets if it looses power for one second - no backup battery or capacitance to hold a charge . Phonebook sucks . Speakerphone sucks . I hate this phone .
 This phone is really attractive , and the interface is generally wonderful . My only big complaint is the range is not very good . My parents have a Motorola 5.8 with similar features , and they can wander around their yard ; I ca n't even talk a few rooms away on this Vtech . Maybe it 's my wireless network intefering with it ? But it 's supposed to be on a different frequency . Hmmm . Also , it does n't come with software to synchronize with the Mac and the phone book does n't support multiple numbers with one name -LRB- like Sue
 Well , I think it 's unanimous , this is a REALLY REALLY bad phone.I actually bought this phone when it 1st came out , and it was expensive but I thought it had all the bells and whistles that all phones will go after . It actually proved to be a good phone - for a while . then as you read from previous and recent reviews here , it all started going downhill.Your on the phone talking and all of a sudden the call drops and you get the beautiful message `` Searching for Base '' , and in my case when the headset eventually locates its base , the battery is almost out of juice . Note that this is after a full day of charging and only less than an hour of talk time.So , spare yourself the high blood pressure and the stress and buy another phone.Hope this was helpful : - -RRB-
 This phone looks great . It worked for about 6 months then started dropping calls , the phone would say `` searching for base . '' If I put the phone in the cradle for about 10 minutes it would work again sometimes for a day or two sometimes for a phone call or two -- it was never predictable . This problem increased over time then it started `` searching for base '' every time I picked the phone up off the cradle.I tried replacing the batteries , the troubleshooting section of the manual , the Vtech website nothing about fixing this problem . This was just a poor performing phone . A friend who works at an electronic store told me a lot of customers who return this phone complain about dropped calls and the same `` searching for base '' problem.Avoid this phone unless you enjoy frustration .
 I bought this phone having read all its customer reviews on Amazon . Some people complained about its unintuitive software and other technical issues . However being a rather arrogant person I believed that I would be smarter and succeed where they had failed with the software etc. etc. and chose this phone because I liked its appearance.Unfortunately I got what I deserved . I loaded the software on my computer and it promptly crashed -LRB- TWICE -RRB- . An error report from Microsoft pinpointed the problem as `` Phonebook Manager '' , which was the software that accompanied the VTech phone . This problem alone would have been bad but what happened next was even more annoying.The phone handset failed to recharge from the base and promptly died . I replaced the battery in case that was the problem but it still failed to resuscitate.I ended up having to pack up the whole system and send it all back to Amazon . What a massive waste of time.My best advice is simple - Do not buy this phone !
 It works properly for a year , at this time I can only take calls thru the speaker and and I can not make calls
 I 've had nearly all the problems you can read about in the other 1-star reviews with my Vtech i5871 which I purchsed about 2 years ago . It 's now just an expensive paper weight . It 's too bad because it seemed like a very cool phone with plenty of features but the MAIN FEATURE IT 'S MISSING IS RELIABILTY . No more Vtech for me .
 When I first got this phone , after much research , I have to say I really liked it . The range is n't nearly as good as an older 900 Mhz DSS phone I have -LRB- and I 'm not sure why they did away with that technology as it works great and does n't interfere with wireless networking -RRB- . But as time goes on , there are little things about this phone that are really starting to bug me , like a pebble in my shoe , and I have to admit I 'm having a bit of buyers remorse.First , when you clear the caller ID log in the base unit , and even delete voice messages , they still appear to exist when viewed from the handset display , even if the handset is in the base at the time you clear . When you then go to play the message from the handset , it says `` Message not found '' - well duh , I deleted it - but the handset still shows it exists . The same holds true when you delete the call log from the handset , it 's still intact on the base unit and you then have to clear it manually at the base unit ? Frustrating to have to keep dealing with both units independently , it 's getting quite repetitive and is time consuming . Apparently the units do n't `` talk '' to each other , which is disappointing for such an expensive phone . As an example , when the phone rings and you pick it up to answer the call , after you 're done and hang up , both the base and the hand set says `` new caller '' . Yeah , I knew that too , I answered it ! This may seem like a small thing , but when you answer a call , then go out for a bit and come back and the handset says `` new call '' but it 's just the one you answered earlier , the feature becomes useless in my opinion unless you clear it each time you end a conversation at both the base and handset , very tedious . Maybe it 's just me , but when the handset says new call , I kind of expect it to be a `` new '' call , aka one that I missed and not one I just answered?I do like the handset display and the recordable ringtones , but the unit comes with too many pre-installed pictures and sounds that for some unexplainable reason -LRB- V-tech support was useless -RRB- , you ca n't delete to free up more valuable space for your own . And the memory space on this phone is very limited unfortunately . As I said , given what I paid , I should be able to delete all that if I so choose.When the phone initially rings , it plays the default ringtone regardless , and after about 3 seconds it determines who the caller is and switches to the assigned ring tone . Would n't it have been more seamless to just wait a few seconds and then play the assigned ringtone once the phone figures out who the caller is ? Things like this show that the quality of the features on this phone do not justify the price.I recently took a vacation and forgot to turn on the toll saver feature before leaving and thought it was something I 'd be able to do remotely as the old machine I had allowed this feature to be changed on call in . Yet another disappointment to find that you can turn the ans . machine feature on and off remotely but you do n't have the ability to do the same with toll saver . Quite an oversite on a phone of this price.When you 're on a call and call waiting beeps in , for some odd reason it only displays the caller info on the handset for about half a second , so unless you whip the phone away from your ear as soon as you hear the weird tone , you have no idea who is calling ?! I 've read the other reviews for this phone and am amazed this does n't bother anyone else?And finally , the range is just OK . With my old 900 Mhz , I can go to my neighbor 's 2 doors down and across a street and the reception is crystal clear . With this unit , I can barely be in my adjacent neighbor 's house and the call starts to break up . If you 're just going to use this indoors and not venture any distance , it 's fine.So overall , I 'd have to say that if the issues described above would bother you as they do me , keep looking for another phone . A daunting challenge as I looked for a long time before taking a chance on this phone , compared many units , and read countless reviews . Cordless phone mfr 's seem to have difficulty making a decent phone with good features and substantial range . Seemingly it 's a world of trade-off 's , and this V-tech phone lives in a more expensive area of that world unfortunately , especially for the shortcomings you have to live with it does n't seem nearly worth it.UPDATE
 I have this unit since October 2005 and the answering machine does n't work properly . It records only the first call and then stops working . If I want ot use it again , I have to unplug the unit and then be able to record just one call . I have exchanged this phone twice and have been in contact with V-Tech technical area but they have been unable to provide an answer to this problem I will send it back and buy something else ! The style is great though but too expensive just for looks , I had to buy a separate answering machine to be able to take messages . Bad luck I guess .
 I bought the vtech i5871 from Fry 's Electronics in Sunnyvale , California . I brought it home and set it up , but the caller ID function does not work , and I get nothing stored in the call log , either on the base unit or on the handset . I double-checked against my original phone by calling from my cell phone , and it is clear that the original phone -LRB- also a vtech , by the way -RRB- works fine with my caller ID , but the i5871 is broken . I will return it and probably get a Panasonic instead .
 I bought this set with base and 2 expandable handsets for several reasons . It was highly rated by consumer reports . It was expandable and I needed at least 3 handsets . It had an intercom.Before any other problems arose , it became evident that the set was sorely lacking in usability . I wo n't go into too much detail here , but for instance
 This phone system was purchased with TWO extra handsets to replace a 2440 Siemans Gigaset 2.4 from 1997 that started to crack and just too old of technology -LRB- 2.4 GHz , interference with the WiFi -RRB- . Cons : Design - Handset is square - holding it is not comfortable for long periods of time . I use a headset with it . It gets warm quickly and starts sweating on your ears after 15 minutes!Design Flaw - It is very tall and slick so it is not very stable at the base , especially during the vibrating mode.Battery - life shortens rapidly . After 4 months I had almost only 3/5 life from OEM batteries . I have changed them after 13 months and now I am ordering new batteries , again.Low battery Alert - gives you less than a few minutes to try to put the party on hold , intercom , transfer and most of the time dies before successful transfer.Battery Indicator - is totally INACCURATE.I have talked to the Vtech and have found the problem but not from their non-existent help . The problem is the power . This phone system is really bad about battery usage . When you are talking and suddenly the call drops because the base is not found the problem is that the battery is weak . You might see that the battery looks 3/4 or 1/2 full . Open the back and pull the battery out , wait 10 seconds and put it back in and turn on the phone . You will see that the battery level now shows almost empty . Also while working fine the low battery is sometimes just before cut off.Solution
 Cordless / wireless phone technology has been around a while so it should almost be perfected by now , right ? Well , if you have this phone ... Wrong !!! It 's by far the worst phone I 've ever owned . Looks are only skin deep and will never buy another Vtech product again . It constantly loses connection with the base -LRB- 18 inches away -RRB- and then it will never reconnect and just stays in searching mode . Also , the battery ca n't hold a charge for more than an hour or two off the stand now . Avoid at all possible costs .
 I 've owned this phone for over a year now , and it is hands down the worst phone I 've ever owned!In the first few months itself the phone kept resetting , so I sent it in to Vtech -LRB- under warranty -RRB- . They replaced it and the replacement seemed to work for a few more months.Now I am getting the same problem again , and the calls keep dropping , since the handset can not maintain connection with the base unit.Stay away from this phone ! I 'll never buy a Vtech again .
 Bought it 2 years ago . In the beginning -LRB- about 4 months -RRB- it was OK . Now the units consistenly `` lose base '' after 2 - 3 min of conversation.I had countless calls to tech support , did everything they recommended - no results.Currently I am using a regular phone , occasionally I have tried to revive the VTech , but without success .
 We have had this phone for about a year . Initially we bought just the base system -LRB- no extra handsets -RRB- but within 6 months it would frequently drop calls and report `` Searching for base '' on the handset . We thought maybe the base was too far -LRB- it was upstairs - my old Panasonic cordless worked fine at that distance -RRB- . Anyway , we added an extra handset downstairs and that worked well for - you guessed right - 6 months . Again , we are back to the frequent and now predictable call drops . For some time it would do this after being away from the base for 30 minutes or so but now after a mere 1-2 minutes of talking , the ominous `` Searching for base '' signals yet another lost call . For the amount of money I spent on this phone , I could have got 5 other , more reliable cordless phones . Needless to say this is the last time I ever buy Vtech . ** Update ** Based on recommendations in other reviews , I changed the battery to a generic battery bought on Ebay and the phone now works great . It goes through these supposedly `` rechargeable '' batteries fairly quick - expect to replace the battery every 6 months when it will stop charging .
 Searching for base , dropped calls , poor speakerphone quality . Vtech stinks , will never buy one of their products again !!
 I loved it when I saw it , but after a while I realized the poor quality of this phone . It happened to me several times ... I 'm on the phone and all of the sudden I get disconnected , because the handset is searching for the base . Very frustrating ! It 's beautiful , but useless . Spend your money in something else .
 We bought this phone because of it 's stylish look , and to be honest ... the price . We figured you get what you pay for right ? Not in this case . This is honestly the worst phone I 've ever had.Sure , it 's got a bunch of bells and whistles that we played with for about 3 days , but at the end of the day , you want your phone to have good clarity , good range and a long battery life . This phone had none of that.I will never purchase another V-Tech product again .
 I thought I 'd take a moment to echo most other reviews shown here . I purchased this phone immediately after it came to market , along with one expansion handset . The speaker failed in one of the handsets after about a year of ownership . Any call longer than 10 minutes is bound to end in an `` Out of Range '' error . The color LCDs used are among the absolute worst you 'll find on the market . Phone software is very poorly designed , a step above unusable.These phones look great , unfortunately that 's where the praise ends .
 Same as the other reviews - Searching for base and dropped call issues show up after a year and on half of trouble free use . A shame , nice looking product and it works pretty good at first .
 I received this phone as a free gift for attending a seminar . At first , I was really excited about this phone because it has a cool look to it . However , the actual operation of the phone is just plain lousy . The volume is very poor , and the placement of the ear piece is awkward . You have to hold the phone up to your ear a certain way in order to adequately hear the speaker on the other end . The ergonomics of the handset also make it uncomfortable to hold . It 's like holding a block -- there 's nothing that makes this phone ergonomically pleasant . The buttons on the keypad are difficult to push , and I 've often had to redial a number because I did not push the buttons down hard enough . The answering machine also leaves much to be desired . The menus are confusing and it 's an ordeal every time to just listen to my new messages . The other issue with the answering machine is that it takes some sort of special battery that you have to purchase separately . For instance , if the power goes out , the time of the answering machine defaults to 12 a.m. Sunday . I have a lot of power outages , so you can imagine how frustrating it is to always have to reset the time on the answering machine , since I do n't want to spend the money for this special battery . In addition , when setting the time or going through the menus on the answering system , the unit emits a really loud beep . It 's very jarring and unpleasant . Also , while the hand unit does sit on the base properly , it seems to be easily knocked over . I 'm not impressed with this phone whatsoever . Its `` coolness '' has worn off on me , so I 'm going back to my old Panasonic . Now I know why it was given away as a freebie .
 I ORDERED THIS EXPANDABLE SYSTEM WITH 3 ADDITIONAL HANDSETS . WHEN I GOT THEM 2 OF THEM DID NOT WORK AT ALL . THE SELLER QUICKLY SHIPPED OUT 2 MORE BUT THOSE DID NOT WORK EITHER . I ORDERED NEW BATTERIES AND STILL NOTHING ! VTECH DOES NOT EVEN SELL THESE ANYMORE . I WASTED MY MONEY .
 do not even think of buying this item ... it is just simply JUNK ... !!! never worked properly , and after only 4 months the whole thing just stopped working !
 This is a really nice stylish system . However , if you do not have 20/20 vision , I would advise against buying it . The handset display and all labeling on the handset and the base unit is extremely small ; I have to drag out my reading glasses whenever I need to use the phone or perform any functions at the base unit . Unfortunate , as everything else about this phone is awesome .
 Of two handsets and one base , only the base works anymore , and then only partially . The handsets are forever `` searching '' for the base . Nothing satisfies them . I finally unplugged them and put them in a closet . That left me with the base unit . Sometimes calls come in . Sometimes I pick up the receiver and the call has been dropped . The answering system does n't work . I recorded a message . It played back fine . Then because I 'd learned to be suspicious of this phone , I called in from a different number and golly gee , what a surprise , the recording function does n't work . In fact , the phone could n't get beyond the first two words of my message before failing . It did n't even get as far as the beep to even think about recording.Why this is such a whiz bang phone is beyond me . I no longer give out the number to which it is attached , it is that unreliable . vTech should be ashamed of marketing such a terrible product . Smoke signals and carrier pigeons are more effective .
 I 've had nearly all the problems you can read about in the other 1-star reviews with my Vtech i5871 which I purchsed about 2 years ago . It 's now just an expensive paper weight . It 's too bad because it seemed like a very cool phone with plenty of features but the MAIN FEATURE IT 'S MISSING IS RELIABILTY . No more Vtech for me .
 I love VTech . This phone system ... not so much . It worked well for a year . Then phones started dropping calls . Now it is almost unusable . It is not an interference . It is the phone system . It started with the remote phones -LRB- i5808 -RRB- and moved into the main system.Additionally , items like the phone book and intercom take too many keystrokes to access . Battery life was also disappointing.On the plus side
 I ca n't speak to a lot of the sexy features that others have written about simply because I ca n't even get the things to work as basic functional phones . Of the two base stations and five additional headsets I 've purchased , after a little less than two years four have stopped working altogether . We 've been on the phone over and over with vtech 's tech support , who offer up all the usual bromides - `` environmental interference '' , `` signal or bandwidth conflicts '' , `` re-register the headsets '' , and even `` take out the batteries and wait a bit before putting them back '' . Nothing works , and of course they are out of warranty , so we 're out of luck.What happens ? `` Searching for Base '' , when the base is three inches away . `` System Busy '' . `` Unable to connect '' . The mysterious `` Headset '' -LRB- ? -RRB- followed by a dial tone as faint as the technology in this phone . Screens that blink on and off for no reason . The inane death loop of `` Registering Headset-Found Base-Looking for Base '' that never resolves itself.At no time are any of the headsets more than fifty feet away from a base station , and if there were environmental problems then the phones would n't have worked in the beginning - which they did for about a year or so . If you do go ahead and get one of these , just be prepared to replace them after a year.I 'll never buy anything from vtech ever again , which is a shame , considering that I had two other model vtech phones for years with no problems . I ca n't believe these phones passed muster at the FCC 's OET lab before they were imported.Yeah , they 're cool . Yeah , they 're the phones they use at CTU on `` 24 '' . Yeah , you can see a picture of who is calling -LRB- if you upload it -RRB- . Or so I 'm told .
 I 've owned this phone base + 2 additional handsets for almost a year now . I have recently returned one of the phones and replaced it.ALL of the phones have connectivity problems . You will be talking on the phone , and suddenly it will drop the call and display `` searching for base '' . This happens all the time , and I live in a tiny 800 square foot house.Or , you will pick up the handset to use it , and you ca n't get a dial tone , and it displays `` searching for base '' , or it just wo n't do anything at all . A few minutes ago I accidentally pushed `` call log '' , and it went into the call log , and would n't come out of the call log until I took the battery out for a second.These phones are definitely the most attractive on the market . We loved them for the first few months ... which seems to be about the amount of time they function correctly.The handset I returned and replaced worked for a month or so , then started doing what all the others do.Unless you want to spend quite a bit of time being angry at your phone , I would avoid this faulty equipment ... considering how much I spent on the three items , it is n't fair that I now have to go spend more.Very poor product quality . Unfortunately .
 I 've had the phone for a year or so and it 's worked reasonably well.Now I cant use the phone at all because after about three seconds it drops the connection with the base - `` searching for base.I 'm seriously annoyed - I purchased the phone because it is a different frequency to the router.Vtech customer support was useless so I need to make a decision between my wireless router and my vTech handset . I 'm going to have to give it away to one of my friends who does n't have a wireless router . That may be tough !
 It 's sad to say it , but for almost two years I 've overlooked this phone 's many performance weaknesses because of its remarkable appearance . That 's why this phone is such a heartbreaker
 I thought Cordless Phones were pretty basic technology . I 've owned this phone for nearly 6 months , and it just keeps getting worse and worse.First it started with the screen . It progressively started disappearing and looking all garbled , until you took out the battery and put it back in again.Then , it stopped ringing half the time , leaving me 1 ring until voice mail kicked in.But by far , the most annoying feature is that it DROPS MY CALLS ! This is n't a Cell Phone ! I live in an open loft space , no walls in the way what-so-ever . If I walked more than 10 feet from the base , it would cut off and say `` Call Dropped ... Searching for base . `` Now the phone does n't work at all . Setting it on the base , it still wont find it once you pick it up again.This phone looks cool , but it 's sad that it does n't even work as a phone . I bought it mainly for buzzing in guests when they 're at the door of my building , but since I can now only use the speaker phone on the base , I ca n't even do that much.Worthless device ...
 The calculator is good but the thing is when I press one button , the one next to it is somehow pressed too , so I never see on the screen what I have to see . Maybe it is just this particular one . I ended up using a TI-83 for my financial calculations . It is more complicated , but it works much better .
 My attraction to this item was the large size , and I bought two to replace similar mousepads that were old and stained . When this product arrived , I noticed that it was thinner than the two I already owned , and therefore had less of a cushion feel . Much worse than that , though , was the terrible odor . The pads have very strong chemical smells . I soaked each one in soapy water , then air dried them , but the smell remains , albeit slightly less potent . Initially , even handling the mousepads would make my hands smell until I washed them . They 're unusable .
 I read the reviews and figured people were over reacting about the smell . They were not ! After using the product my arms smell like the pad through my shirt . It was strong enough that my cube neighbor commented on it . I attempted washing it hoping that might take the edge off , it did not . I was only able to use it for about 2.5 hours before I began to get a sinus headache.The pad is a nice size and thickness however it does not smell like any other rubber backed mouse pad I have.Buy this with EXTREME CAUTION ! - well unless you do n't have a sense of smell .
 This mousepad is a great size , just what I was looking for as far as size is concerned . However it has a very very strong chemical smell that has not gone away even after a week . It gives me frequent headaches and ultimately makes the mousepad unusable . If you 're in the market for a large mousepad , I recommend keep on looking ...
 Well , first off this is n't a CPU . It is a PC . Big difference.In my modest opinion , if the people selling computer accessories ca n't determine the basic parts of a computer from the actual computer itself , they do n't deserve a good rating .
 These work great but i broke on on day two of using it . It was the plastic clip that broke .
 I bought this phone to hold weekly conference calls with staff members who were out of town using the bluetooth feature to attach to cell phone since our meetings were always in different places , some without phone jacks . While it was a great idea , those on the call could never hear us at the table ! We always worked at a table no longer than 8 feet , so the furtherest anyone was away from the phone was 4 feet and callers could n't hear us . We could hear them great at the table , but for over $ 300 , I expect a product that works and lives up to its product description . Frankly , we could hear each other using our speakerphones on our cell phones better . I 'm going to return because it was n't worth the price and did not do what it advertised .
 After 6 months of using this everyday , I have decided to replace it . The buzzing sound is terrible , at times blocking out the conversation . It gets worse when you use the mute button . The internet reports this as a known problem with the `` new '' ones being improved . I somehow doubt it - do n't buy one . .
 Did n't try out the Bluetooth features . Unit is similar to Polycom Voicestation 300 except for the additional Bluetooth capability . Speaker makes a low hiss when the unit is off . See my review for the Voicestation 300 . Returned to Amazon .
 We purchased this device with the intent of using it in our company conference room with the company phones . All the company phones are Motorola Droids . Come to find out after the purchase that these devices have a problem pairing with Android phones . As such , it 's useless to us . I 'm sure it 's a great device if you are n't using it with Android phones , but that 's a pretty big flaw in my opinion . I feel sorry for the IT guy who gets stuck supporting one of these when a visitor 's phone wo n't pair with it .
 I purchased this VoiceStation for a home office based on reviews . I had a Blackberry phone -LRB- Storm , which I hated -RRB- and because i had Verizon was holding out for an iPhone . Well , another 8 months until Verizon Wireless carries it , so I got myself a Droid X to replace the Blackberry Storm.As for the Storm , the VoiceStation worked well . It paired and connected quickly and it was easy to dial from the VoiceStation to place calls . You did not even need to plug this into a landline - just the outlet.The only complaint I had when I was able to use this unit was that the low volume did not seem low enough at times . I was using the VoiceStation in a home office that was quiet without background noise , so I did not need for the unit to be super loud . I did not seem to be able to lower the volume as low as I 'd have liked . Other than that , it worked well . My connecting parties could hear me well and I could hear them -LRB- albeit loud in my setting - this is coming from someone who sets their cell phone volume at the loudest setting !! -RRB- . As for the Droid X - it is true , it CAN NOT connect to this expensive coneference phone . I 've searched the Internet to see if I could find a Bluetooth version I could download -LRB- even if older -RRB- , and so far unsucessful . The real kicker is I called Polycom and the `` customer service '' could not have cared less . Holy cow !! The guy said `` Yah , we know that 's a problem , it 's not like this is a new product . We can not promise that every new device that comes out after this will connect . '' So I pointed out if they KNEW this , why did they not at least disclose it in some of their latest descriptions , that sometimes Bluetooth software varies , and that it does not always connect ? He said `` I dunno , but it does n't connect to your phone , I do n't know what to tell you except to use a microphone wire to attach the phone to your Droid or to use a land line . `` HUH?I bought this thing to use specifically with a company-based cell phone . It 's the ONLY bluetooth conference phone they carry . At this price/investment , I think they should make it known to their customers . At this point i can not return , as it 's been too long since I bought the unit.Bummer , overall , I 'd rate it 4 stars if I could actually connect to the blasted thing.BOTTOM LINE
 Do yourself a favor and buy a different fax machine . I have had this machine less than 6 months and have had numerous `` paper jams '' . When I called the technical support at the store where I purchased the fax machine I was told `` Sharp has had problems with this model with paper jams - it is actually cheaper to buy a new machine than to have it repaired ''
 I 've had this model for a couple of years and it jams constantly . It has been reduced to being just my office phone sice I ca n't trust it to not eat my faxes . Buy something else - believe me !
 This fax works ... at times . Sending faxes have been ok . But I 've had a lot of paper handling issues when receiving . Like the first 2-3 inches of the fax not displaying because the paper was not feeding properly.However , the greatest knock on this product is IDENTITY THEFT . To print your fax on plain paper , the fax uses a black ink film . After you used up on film roll , you will discover a nice archive of all the faxes you have received viewable on the film roll . So , do n't have any one send any sensitive information to you on this fax.And , shredding the film roll will gum up your shredder . ;--RRB- Believe me , I 'm talking from experience on this one as well .
 I thought I had a good machine that would give me a life time of work . however after a day the paper began to jam and I had no one to call . I both my sharp from the home shopper on tv . I both some tape a few week ago and then found out the the number 3 had also went out on the machine . what a disppointment I had to go throught again . I was so hurt and I need to use my fax machine . no refund just a broken machine setting on the desk . who can help with this problem without haveing me to pay for shipping and handling and do n't for get the incurance that the post . office want you to place on these items that was already damage when it made it to me . I just did now it . What a blow to the brain this was . How do I rate this product and the person that makes these product -LRB- 0 -RRB- and the person that makes these sale I rate this product a -LRB- 0 -RRB- and everyone that made a sale or money off of this item . A refund is due to all of who thought we had a fax machine our money should be return to us in full . how would you feel if someone done you like this ? I payed $ 129.00 for a no good machine that do n't work and have never work at the level it should have .
 The seller continued to carelessly list the item as IN STOCK for ages after it was long discontinued and no remaindered stock was available . I found this out the hard way , and to unscramble the mess and get my money back was a hassle I hope I never have to go through again . Even after it was resolved the seller continued to list the item as IN STOCK for another week or two before getting off their duff to revise the status . For those who care , 3M no longer manufactures the product . Be careful of companies such as Wayfair who falsely continue to list the item as if the have remaindered stock on hand . As for the 887 tape itself , it WAS a great item when it was available from other sellers during the time it was being manufactured . Too bad 3M discontinued it . The double-face 889 version is supposedly still available . However , before purchasing from Wayfair , I would advise checking with them first to see if their IN STOCK proclamations are actually true or not . Good Luck !
 Horrible audio quality . Several times we have had to go to another telephone so the party we were calling could understand us . The quality of audio we hear is fine , but the person we call has big problems . It appears that the microphone is far too sensitive and distorts the sound . Also any little sound in the room near us is easily picked up and adds to the distraction . Do n't buy !
 I was looking for an answering machine with multiple mailboxes and there do n't seem to be many to choose from , so I bought this one as the specs sounded promising . It was small , which was good . It needed 24 hours to charge the phone before I could event attempt to program it.The user guide was missing lots of details , and customer service did n't know much about the product . Many other issues , but the most relevant one was that messages left on the machine could hardly be heard , which negates the whole purpose of an answering machine . One customer service person suggested that for the messages to be recorded louder I should crank up the volume on the answering machine and leave it at maximum . I 've owned lots of answering machines . The volume control is for listening to messages , not recording incoming messages.I returned the machine and recommended to amazon that they stop selling it .
 I ordered this product believing I would be getting a 2007 calendar , as why would someone pay full price for a 2006 calendar at the end of August ? They sent me a 2006 calendar and then gave me a run-around when trying to return it .
 thought this was what i wanted but i was wrong couldnt use it , bought myself a printer with cable lines much easier .
 Maybe it 's my fault but I thought I was getting a full size printer for the field but to my surprise it is about the size of a receipt printer .
 ordered purple cardstock to usr for wedding favors never received the product so as a result diappointed many people will never order fprom this site again .
 I bought this a couple times for my SiPix A6 Printer before find the same paper elsewhere , specifically a website that sells paper of various specialist types
 I do n't know if the paper is of use . The company that made the product is now defunct . I was never able to get my printer to work . It came with a cable that did not work . I bought an IR device that never made a connection and then after contacting the seller , I bought the cable they said to buy . It still does not work .
 I am really mad with this product . When somebody want to buy througt your web site missing a lot of information about the product . I supposed to get an item that I was looking for but unfortunatly the printer only work with Windows 98 despite the Cd software says it is work with XP also . I have had to buy connector , cables , because the laptop computer has not the type of connector that this printer has . To finish , I do not have time and money to send this product back . if somebody can help me to setup this printer to my laptop I 'd appreciate it . I wo n't recomend this product to anybody .
 I bought this phone today and thought it would we great for 70 bux , but I was wrong . The corded phone sounds great at first but then the sound cuts out like someone pressed mute on the volume and you ca n't hear a thing . The cordless phone sounds like a robot is talking into it . I thought i was getting a DEAL but i got a DUD instead . DONT BUY THIS PHONE , SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR SOMETHING GOOD !
 We have had this phone for a while and am ready to move on . The price was right but we are getting tired of the continuous `` I can barly hear you '' complaint . The range is somewhat disappointing for 5.8 GHz . In addition the phone has recently started to interfere with my dsl conection . My guess is it is somehow feeding noise back through the dsl filter . I have to unplug it to use the internet . Very annoying .
 This phone is pretty darn good for a chord phone -LRB- the cordless is pretty bad and often cuts out , but I do n't use it much so that 's ok -RRB- The thing that really annoys me is that the caller ID does n't work . It will show the # while the person is calling , but when you scroll back to see the # most of the time you only see the name . Other than those two problems it 's a descent phone .
 I bought this phone a year ago because of its features . In comparison to my previous cordless it had more - but at a cost . I do n't know if the features are a factor but the battery on the cordless is awful . My previous cordless was a GE phone and it lasted for days off the charger . The uniden does n't last even a few hours off the charger , whether I use it or not . And when the battery is low I have only a few seconds of warning while on the phone before it turns off . Not enough time to get to the landline . I leave it on the charger and that does n't even help extend use during phone calls . I do like the features and like that it has a corded main station for when the power goes out . Just wish that the battery were better . Going back to GE . It lasted forever between charges , even when in use .
 I just received this product from Amazon , charged it for the 20 hours and tried to use it , the hand held phone kept hanging up . We read the box and called customer service , Uniden singlehandedly has the ABSOLUTE worse customer service I have ever spoken with , I was told to try something if that did n't work it needed to sent in and repaired , then I was hung up on . We tried what they suggested , so we called back their customer service , waiting another 20 minutes for someone to answer , was told it would take 2-4 weeks to get a replacement when I said that would be too long I was told to return it to the store and then hung up on . I then notice on the owners manual it asks you to not return it to the store , so again I call back and am told yes return it to the store.Thankfully Amazon has a VERY easy replacement process where they actually pay the shipping , so I was easily able through Amazon to get a refund and I will now purchase ANY other brand besides Uniden , this phone might have been a fluke , but their customer service was so terrible I think it would be easier to never buy another one of their products so I will never have to call them again .
 I like the features of this phone but the range is terrible . Our old 900MHz phones went from inside the house to outdoors by about 200 ' . This phone goes about 35 ' . I ca n't even get across the house even with line of site . The base stations are located in the same place in both cases . I replaced it with another Uniden and got the same results . Today I went to the local Staples store and the sales guy told me that he has had a lot of Uniden 's returned for exactly this reason . He recommended ATT , VTECH or Panasonic . I did n't buy . I 'm looking for range comparison reviews on the web now . On the plus side the built in answering machine other features of the Uniden phones are excellent .
 I bought 2 sets but found that the base does not work for both the sets . This is really a bad news .
 Sigh ... The old 900Mhz had a longer range . I 'm thinking of taking the thing apart so that I can get to the attenna line and connect an external one to increase the range , or perhaps I should just accept the loss and buy a more expensive phone .
 Very noisy , cuts clear out anywhere around a corner or line of sight over 40 feet . What a piece of junk , I want my money back . Advertised as a working phone but does not even come close to the performance touted by Uniden or Amazon as representing . Should be pulled from sale as soon as possible . I may not use AMAZON again , I have been a good customer for a long time but this is jut not right !!
 Have heard good feedback on this phone from all over the net . Just a advise to everyone , do not buy this from Amazon . It is more prudent to pay a $ 1.5 extra and get it from Target.I have ordered this phone from Amazon about 3 weeks back and still do have it with me . I am not sure if I will ever get it . This is my last purchase from Amazon.Advise to all do not nuy from her . . at least this particular item .
 The phone seemed good when purchased , but after a short time of six months the cordless phone does not pick up volume well making the talker yell in order for the listener to hear a conversation .
 THE CORDLESS PHONE IS USELESS !! THE ANSWERING MACHINE WORKS FINE BUT THE CORDLESS PHONE IS A JOKE ... `` CAN U HEAR ME ? '' . CORDLESS PHONE HAS NOOOOOOO SPKR BUTTON AND , THE ENTIRE FAMILY HATES THIS PHONE , BECAUSE WE CAN NOT HEAR THE PERSON ON THE OTHER LINE SO WE HAVE TO TALK THROUGH THE BASE PHONE WHICH IS ALSO LESS THAN GOOD.BY THE WAY NOW I AM IN THE MARKET FOR ANOTHER CORDLESS PHONE . SHAME ON UNIDEN !!!!!
 Prosaffordable full featured -LRB- records conversations , handset feels good in hand , unit has corded phone back up for power outages.ConsCAN ' T USE HANDSET MORE THAN FEW FEET FROM BASE !!! No mention was made in the literature that the handset can not be moved more than a few feet from the base unit for reception of signal.When I called Customer Service they said that was expected behavior . I said I 'd had other 5.8 GHz phones and could traverse entire house and even yard from same base location.They said that was a 5.8 Digital not ANALOG phone ... This makes the phone virtually worthless.I tried every suggestion onm website for that symptom . No improvement . Very diappointing performance . Unacceptable .
 We bought this phone with the hopes of having one corded phone -LRB- in case of power outages -RRB- and one cordless phone . The cordless phone works intermittently . It does not matter how close or far you are from the base , sometimes the volume just cuts out . It does not hang up on the person you are talking to , just the volume acts as if it drops down to `` 1 '' and you ca n't hear what they are saying . We now can only use the corded phone.In the past I have been very happy with Uniden , I will be returning this phone perhaps for a Motorolla .
 I bought my new Uniden phone from Amazon and found upon setting it up that it did not ring or go to the answering machine . I called the customer support number in the users manuel and they told me I would have to return it to the address listed . I did that and waited almost a month for a replacement . The replacement was an old , rebuilt dirty unit with nicks and scratches . That 's Uniden 's replacement for a new phone that does n't work . Not good customer relations .
 Like other reviews have stated the cordless is absolutely horrible ! Theres a lot of static even when I 'm right next to the base , how crazy is that ? Theres random clicking noises -LRB- is someone tapping my phone line ?? no it 's just a poorly made unit -RRB- and do n't think about moving far away from the base , because you wont hear a thing.The corded unit is OK , it has a pretty cool recording feature that lets you record your conversation , but theres an annoying beep you hear every 10 seconds or so and the other person can hear it too.Well I think I 'll return this to where I bought it , I thought it would be good since I live in an apartment and do n't need much range for a cordless phone , but even standing next to the base it I get horrible static . Pfft buh bye .
 Before I purchased this product I researched Consumer Reports . This phone rating well with CR . I also read some of the reviews on Amazon 's site . Well the cordless handset had a little static and the call was not clear . Also , people kept complaining of not being able to hear me on the speaker phone on the base.Needless to say my Uniden 5198 is headed back .
 What a disappointment . This phone had very low range so tommorow it goes back . I had no problem with the base station but the cordless phone was noisey and I could n't walk very far before it craped out . It would be a great phone if you wanted to stay in the same room with the base station .
 I purchased this phone at an office supply store . It was on sale and it happened to be the last one they had in stock . My old set was Uniden and I never had a problem before . I charged the handsets for 24hrs , one never worked . I called the ` customer service ' -LRB- as others have said , I use that term lightly -RRB- they told me to do some things to try and fix problem . When nothing worked they said it was a bad handset and I should return it to the store , because they would need me to send them proof of purchase and I WOULD HAVE TO PAY shipping and handling on the replacement !?!! huh !!?? I said I would return it to the store . I went to the office supply web site to find another store that had the item in stock , the closest was almost 20 miles away . I went and they exchanged it for me . I just charged the new set and now 2 of the units are not working . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !!!!
 The answering machine works only part of the time with road runner . outside of that the phone is good . great customer support from office depot .
 This is not a great phone . The cordless phone has static and makes some weird clicking sounds . You ca n't take the cordless too far from the base . I would n't buy this phone again .
 I am disappointed in the phone . The display is almost impossible to read except in bright light . The base has no battery back-up , so if you lose power , you lose your greeting and speed-dial numbers . The unit has an `` in use '' light , but it only works if you are using the remote , not the base . It should be called `` remote in use '' . Given the cost of the unit , and it 's good rating by Consumer Reports , which why I bought it , I think you can find much better equipment out there at comparable prices .
 I bought this phone because it had the functions I needed like Answering machine , speakerphone , corded and cordless phones . But like a couple of other reviewers , I was very disappointed with amount of noise specially with the cordless phone , and mostly for the people on the receiving end . I tried two sets of this phone from different stores and I returned them both .
 This is a nice compact and easy to use base phone . However , the analog cordless phone that is part of the package is not clear , has static , and cuts off conversations after 5 minutes . I keep it in the charging base , and I do n't think it is placed too far away from the base . The base unit is in my kitchen and the cordless is on my desk in my office . I estimate about 40 ` away in a ranch home . I also purchased a hands-free microphone to wear so I can use my computer while I talk , but the same problem of static and cut-off happens . If Uniden feels the cordless is too far away from the base , then it is basically useless . Why have a cordless if you can walk to the next room to answer the phone ? I am going to contact Uniden online and if they have no solution will return the phone .
 We bought this phone about two months ago and have not been impressed . We have n't had the problems around signal strength that others have mentioned -LRB- no small feat ; we live in signal-smothered Brooklyn -RRB- . However , we have had technical and usability problems.Display
 I 've had this phone for over a year . I 've purchased Uniden in the past and thought quality would n't be an issue . However , like many reviewers here , the handset is horrible . I have a small apartment and the cordless either frequently has static or cuts out completely . On a positive note - the answering machine and base work great .
 Since day 2 the cordless handset has been defective . The customer support is horrendous and each time I call they want me to unplug the main line and charge for 12-15 hours . Stall tactics at best , frustrating always . Each call -LRB- 4 times -RRB- was a minimum of 20 minutes on hold.I finally got them to send a replacement , but it 's going to cost me another $ 10.00 to ship the replacment.Do yourself a favor and buy this some place that actually stands behind their products as trying to return this is impossible once you open it and find it defective .
 Phone has a lot of static , will not connect calls at times and when used to pay bills will not connect to the right numnbers.And I found it cheaper after I ordered it.Will use as a back up phone since it does not work all the time.Connie Jo Mitchell
 I have gone through 5 phones trying to find one with crisp quality sound . This phone is terrible . I finally found an analog Panasonic corded phone -LRB- KX-TS620 -RRB- that performs exactly as I expect .
 If you want a cheap version of a Beatle keychain and want to pay over $ 4 to have it shipped to you , then this is your place to shop ! If you want to get e-mails that say something like ... `` it really does n't matter to me in the end because I have your money so I am not going to lose any sleep over this ... `` Spend your money some place else folks ...
 bought this as a gift for my godson ... was to be framed , but delivered product has a big `` made from RECYCLED materials '' stamp in the middle of the map ... like the sentiment , but it ruined the look of the product ! I returned it .
 I got this three weeks ago , when it arrived the package looked so good which was in a hard cardboard tube but when I opened it the corner was rip , so called to get replacement , the second one come with the same problem . Too tired to keep get exchange .
 The description of this certificate holder indicates that it will fit a 9 x 12 inch certificate , but it actually wo n't hold anything larger than an 8.5 x 11 inch certificate . The company did refund my money , but did n't offer to send the product described here -LRB- which I 'm having a difficult time finding anywhere -RRB- .
 Perhaps this item has changed since the first reviews were posted , but this did not look anything like `` imitation leather '' as another buyer described . It looks like cheap , semi-shiny vinyl with an odd straight-lined texture applied - it looks WAY nicer in the item photo ! I purchased it based on the faux-leather description , but honestly I would be embarrassed to put an important diploma and certificate in this cheaply-made item - whether it were my own , or I were presenting to someone else . Worse , you should know that if there is any laser print on the certificate/diploma , it will eventually transfer onto the inside of the vinyl insert pockets -LRB- I 've learned this the hard way , believe me ! -RRB- . Also the gold corner-covers are scratched up all over . Very disappointed .
 So I ordered this bubble wrap from seller Valuemailers since it seemed like a good deal . I have 15 identical boxes to pack each 2 feet in length . I planned to use one 2 foot strip of wrap to line each side of the box so I would need 8 feet of wrap per box . My calculations led me to this item since I needed 120 feet of wrap and this game me 5 feet of wiggle room . I ordered it , it shipped very fast , and I started happily packing away . Then , I ran out of wrap 3 boxes short.I double checked my calculations and checked the wrap I had used and it turned out I only used 103 feet of wrap so far . I was assuming there might be some wasted wrap here or there , but 22 feet of missing wrap is just way too much . The wrap is perforated ever 12 inches and each strip I cut was done ever other perforation . My boxes are from Uline and precisely 24 inches in length each so I would notice any excess wrap , but there was none.I politely contacted Valuemailers and was informed that the perforations were imprecise and the cuts were not ever 12 inches so that accounted for the missing 22 feet . I actually went back to random measure strips of bubble wrap in unsealed boxes and sure enough , each `` 2 foot '' strip of bubble wrap I measured was only 23 to 23.5 inches in length . I responded to Valuemailers again telling them I measured and I was not convinced that 20 % of the wrap was lost in imprecise perforations . Valuemailers finally gave me a partial refund while still insisting their bubble wrap is factory sealed and that they sent me 125 feet.So know I am stuck having to order more bubble wrap at a higher price to make up for the 20 extra feet I need to finish my boxes.Sorry for the longwinded review , I 'm just very dissapointed with the product and a 20 foot shortcoming is just not acceptable to me . If I order 125 feet of bubble wrap I expect 125 feet or at least 120 ! Maybe if you are just packing for a move or something and just need a ton of bubble wrap for stuff this will do , but if you need 125 feet of bubble wrap I would order another product with more precision in their description/product . The wrap itself is fine , just not the 125 feet they promise .
 This was the worst bulk order . . yes I ordered 4 boxes ... I am so disappointed ! The bubble wrap is flat every other cell ... in all 4 boxes . This is not the same product I have purchased in the past , even though I clicked on my purchases to order it . Completely different . BAD !!!!! Do Not Buy . The seller offered a refund of purchase price , but not for shipping ... and wanted me to pay to ship them back . As we all know , the shipping back would have cost more than keeping the items , so I kept them , but will NEVER order this item again or from the seller . POOR RESPONSE !
 These binders arrived in a terrible shape . Some were torn at the seams , others had the plastic separating in places . Overall not the best binders I have ever used . I would not recommend these to anyone for the price .
 The phones arrived and looked like new . We have already had problems with them operationally and are most unhappy ... would not order again !!
 This item is not what is appears to be from the picture . The picture shows a wrist rest which appears to be connected to a mouse pad . This item is actually only a small wrist rest - there is no mouse pad attached . It is also a totally different shape and is smaller than even the wrist rest in the picture .
 Shape good . Speaker phone convenient.Words rubbed off like other guy said.Clock gains about 30 sec a day.Cannot stress how bad the volume is . We have to keep telling other people to speak up . Oddly , this does not happen on every call , just many . Volume on speaker phone is usually much better -LRB- although , then the dial tone is horribly loud -RRB- .
 When I first got this phone set it seemed nice , but that quickly changed . The talk button on the handsets is so sensitive that holding it too tightly to your face will hang up the call . My wife and I have each done this at least a dozen times now . Also the phones redial mode is awkward , it is suppose to know long distance based on Caller ID but it fails to dial correctly half of the time . The phone sometimes will also `` lock up '' . The hand set becomes unresponsive and needs to be placed on the base for a few seconds to reset itself . I am already planning on buying another phone from another company .
 These phones are ridiculously hard to hear . I have a daycare in my home and I need a phone I can hear over the dull roar of my house !! This one is n't it !
 We must have the worst bad luck when it comes to phones and this purchase did nothing to help that situation . There is only one ring tone , and it has an exceptionally irritating high pitched tone . Worse , there is no way to turn the ringer volume down , it 's on or off and on is very loud . There is also a problem with the way the dialing works . Sometimes , it seems the numbers to not go through . You can see that you have dialed the proper numbers on the LCD screen , but the call does not go through . Particularly annoying when entering numbers for a PIN for voicemail for example , or following prompts from automated call services.Extremely disappointed .
 These phones look great . But one had poor audio , with callers saying I sounded like I was in a cave . The other sounded OK , but had a lag between when you pushed the answer button and when you could actually talk . Also , you ca n't tell someone to pick up the extension if the call is for them . Only one phone can be on at one time . The three selectable ring tones are all poor . I returned these phones .
 I have found no customer support for these phones - When we moved and plugged them in - they will ring but you ca n't answer them - can not call out on them either . The ringer is irritating and there are only 3 choices .
 While the price is reasonable , the product is rather pathetic . The construction feels cheap and flimsy . I ordered two trays for stacking . One does n't sit entirely flat , the other had a crack through the wood in the front of the tray . The stain does n't match perfectly but that issue alone is n't a big problem . These trays also do not fit legal size folders ... not quite long enough . For the price , these are n't worth the hassle to return . I would not recommend these .
 I have always been happy with Amazon thus far ... but I ordered 2 of these and they are n't even as deep or rich in color as the image shown and the 2 that I received are completely different in color from one another , one is really light in comparison to the other . You would think that they would at least send a matching set . Highly disappointed .
 When talking on this phone you can hear your own voice so loud it is annoying . The hang up button is located in the spot where your cheek hits the phone if you rest the phone on your shoulder so I have hung up on people countless times . The phone does not hold a charge for long . I am looking to buy a new phone and will never buy this brand again . It is the WORST phone I have ever owned .
 `` Liquid Paper DryLine Mini Correction Tape '' sounds like a great idea and when it works , it works well . It instantly covers up mistakes -LRB- or anything you do n't want people to see -RRB- - there is no need to wait for it to dry . It also covers things up more quickly than regular wite-out , it covers them up better -LRB- nothing leaks through -RRB- , and you can cover up more things in a shorter period of time . Unfortunately , for me it worked well for a short period of time and then it stopped working . The witeout tape stopped dispensing and ended up getting tangled up inside the dispenser . At first I thought I had a defective dispenser but I had the same problem with every dispenser in the pack . `` Liquid Paper DryLine Mini Correction Tape '' is a nice idea but it never quite worked right for me .
 This product is OK . It does cover the ink that you are trying to hide , but if you need to make more than one line -LRB- say the mistake is thick/wide and you need to make two lines on top of each other -RRB- , the plastic with catch what you already put down and pull it up . Not high quality -- does n't compare to PaperMates Liquid Paper Dry Line product at all . Will not be ordering again .
 These were so bad I returned them . Thankfully because of Amazon 's return policy , I did n't have to pay shipping and was credited immediately .
 There is no pull tab for opening ! There 's one pictured in the photo but the actual mailers I received do n't have one . So it 's a real bother for the recipient to open . And the glue to seal it does n't quite cover enough of the flap . It 'll work but I end up adding tape to seal it closed.If I did n't need these the day they arrived to send out a large mailing , I would 've returned them for a refund.Depending on your use , these may work for you . I was relying on the photo and description of a `` tear tab for easy opening '' because I am sending these out to paying clients and I really need good packaging . Reading the reviews here , someone said there was n't a strip under the tear tab . What I received did n't have a tear tab at all , never mind a strip under it.It is white paperboard , which is easy to store and easy to address . This packaging is a `` C - '' or a `` D + '' and I needed an `` A. '' Got ta spend more to get what I want .
 I was very happy with these -LRB- bought from barbjewel -RRB- , and mailed them to dozens of customers . Today though I sealed and then tried to open one . There is no reinforcement on the tab strip , so when you grab on one of the ends to tear , a 1/4 '' piece just tears off . As a result , getting the mailer open is quite a challenge , without tearing it to pieces or using a cutter . I tried a second one and had the same issue.This does n't leave a good first impression with my customers .
 I have been buying these types of mailers on amazon for years , but this particular product is awful . Very flimsy , smaller than advertised -LRB- tray cards will not fit in the mailers -RRB- , no strip for opening , very weak adhesive . Total garbage .
 I purchased this key box in late February for use in a university office setting . We installed it on the wall in late March and placed all of our keys within the unit . As we do not often access the spare keys , the second time we tried to open the unit was in mid-May . Unfortunately , neither key would turn the lock . We contacted our maintenance personnel as well as the university locksmith who both indicated that we will have to drill out the lock in order to open the unit - thereby destroying the unit . I contacted the seller who told me that since it was past 30 days , he would not replace the unit . He told me to contact the manufacturer . My time is valuable and now I am supposed to chase down the manufacturer ? I strongly recommend against purchase of this unit from this supplier . The product did not perform to even minimum expectations . I am also very disappointed that the supplier would not stand behind his product and would not replace this defective unit . I will be purchasing another unit from a different vendor and I will not purchase any further products from this supplier .
 This appeared to be contoured in the photo , to shape to your palm/wrist . Mine is n't that way at all . It 's basically bubbled on top , which is awkward for a rest and is too high up for me to actually use the mouse . It causes pain when I do try to use it . Also , it is not purple . It should be noted in the description and an updated photo should be used . I think it would make a good rest for use with a keyboard , if you have two of them , if you 're typing at an upward angle .
 Lasts about a month . Mashes down in the middle and it can get a bit hard feeling in colder temps . When it is warm -LRB- e.g. the summer -RRB- , it does OK.I have n't experienced the leaks as others have reported , but only been using it for a month .
 I bought this as an extra support for my wrist and within 2 weeks the gel started to ooze from the seems . I ended up having to staple all around the edges of the bean to stop the ooze which has worked but definately a design flaw.I would n't buy this again .
 Does exactly what I wanted , but product 's construction is not up to the level required to survive an elbow 's weight -LRB- as I use it -RRB- . Maybe it would last longer if you keep your weight off if it and just have a light wrist resting on it -LRB- careful to not lean with weight on it -RRB- . I tried re-gluing with various good flexible glues but the rubber base -LRB- similar to wet-suit rubber -RRB- seems hard to match with a good adhesive - I suspect this is the problem with the original seal as well . I had the same problem with an second-hand keyboard wrist rest of the same design -LRB- assume it was Belkin as well -RRB- . Now I am going to try one of the `` solid clear '' designs to see how they stand up -LRB- non Belkin -RRB- .
 I used this product for less than a week before the seam split and the material inside started leaking . Amazon was great about shipping a replacement . However , that one broke down even faster and it left residue all over my desk . Amazon suggested that I try the Fellowes Gel Flex -LRB- transparent blue -RRB- . So far , it is a much sturdier product . There are no seams ; I hope that makes a difference in its durability .
 Starting going ` flat ' and seams coming apart in a very short space of time . Will not buy this brand again .
 I purchased this because I need a comfortable rest for use with my USB trackball . The Belkin WaveRest was comfortable , but after two weeks of daily use I noticed gel coming out of it . It was a waste of money . Too bad , because I was starting to like it .
 To be short it is crap . I got this and FELLOWES GEL FLEX Rest ... Fellowes is the real deal with a good amount of gel . This , when I press it , it feels like an air filled piece of garbage , seriously . I do n't know why I bought two wrist pads either , got shopping crazy . I 'll probably keep this and use it at school , but it does n't do much for my wrist pains . Just not cushiony enough.Get Fellowes , the gel pad and quality overall is significantly better . Just seems like they actually used gel and a decent amount of it.This is still usable , but if you have serious wrist pains and you use the pc a lot , skip this . Why buy something that barely helps you ?
 Absolutely NOT a fan of this product . GEL ??? What Gel ? It was uncomfortable to keep my wrist on it for using the mouse . Might as well not have had anything under my wrist . I definitely would n't recommend this to anyone who is on a computer all day long like I am . Sorry , but this one gets a thumbs down in my book .
 only .5 '' high not 1 `` fabric is not durable , wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height , no leaks , does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brand
 I bought this wrist mouse pad along with the accompanying keyboard wrist pad for my office . Shortly after , I noticed a horrible smell emanating throughout my office -LRB- almost like paint or paint thinner -RRB- . It was so bad I reported the smell to my building management ! No one could figure out what it was -LRB- including my office mate -RRB- and the smell was only in my office . I was getting headaches it was so overwhelming ! I then started to realize that the smell was staying on my hands when I left my office . This prompted me to turn my new wrist-pads over and smell them , and when I did , BINGO !!! There is a strong , paint-like smell that emanates from these wrist pads ! It was so overwhelming for me -LRB- even after a week -RRB- ! I am honestly shocked that these wrist-pads could cause my whole office to smell in this way . I can not be sure that whatever is causing this smell is toxic , but for me , it was completely unpleasant , made me dizzy , and was starting to give me headaches . I am sad because I purchased one of these keyboard wrist rests years ago for my previous office and did not have this problem -LRB- which is why I ordered new ones for my new office -RRB- . This time around I did though and had to return both promptly . The pads themselves do the trick of relieving stress on your wrists , but unfortunately , if you are sensitive to smells , I can not recommend that you purchase this product .
 I bought it because I was hopping it will elevate my wrist but the problem is is too low , and it defeats the purpose .
 I bought the Belkin F8E244-BLK WaveRest Gel Wrist Pad about two months ago to supplement another Belkin wrist pad I bought over 10 years ago . The 10-year old one still does it 's job and is still in one-piece -- the new one fell apart after about 8 weeks of normal use . The gel gets all over the desk and is very sticky . I 've got mine in a small zip-lock bag until I can find a new brand of a better quality .
 I read other reviews that complained about the gel product oozing out the seams . Fortunately that has not happened to me , but within a couple weeks the product permanently dented -LRB- severely -RRB- in the center where my wrist falls . That part of the pad is almost rock hard now . It is like using a book or other hard surface for your wrist . I would not buy this product again .
 I was receiving this item , because the first time I purchased I received the wrong item color . The SAME wrong item was sent for the second time . I am supposed to do an exchange with amazon , but this is ridiculous , and a waste of time . Now I have to mail back the second wrong item .
 This is only slightly squishy , and you have to push pretty hard to get that ; there 's no contouring going on here at all . Sounds like it 's stuffed with newspaper , not gel . I do n't think this is going to help at all .
 I do like the face that this thing has a smooth fabric on top where my wrist can slide around on it . What I really do n't like is that it smells . It smells like some sort of petroleum-based product , like oil and melted rubber . And after using it for a little bit , wrist smells like that , too . I wanted to use the wrist pad for comfort , but it 's not comfortable to use when it stinks .
 These are n't really frames - they are pieces of plastic like the report cover binders we used as kids . Four of these edges are supposed to equal a frame . They fall off easily . For any sort of permanent frame , buy something else . I did n't see any other good , cheap frames on Amazon , but Target has significantly better frames at a similar price to what I paid for this one .
 I ordered two boxes of these Sparco hanging files and they both arrived damaged . One file was cracked but functional . The real problem was that there was one file in each box that had the little plastic tab that connects them broken off . I 've seen this issue in other reviews so I think it 's pretty common . It 's both a quality issue -LRB- tabs too flimsy -RRB- and a packaging issue -LRB- not protected during shipment -RRB- . This basically means that you ca n't connect them to one another to be hung in a group . I wanted one long column of them , hung together down the wall . With the broken tabs , that 's not possible - you have to hang them individually . I glued them together , but that is hard to do and get them to hang straight , plus now they look really ugly -LRB- glue shows through the clear plastic -RRB- . When I bought these Sparco files I also bought a set by officemate . They were much better made and arrived undamaged . Lesson - Spend a couple of extra bucks and buy better quality .
 Lider Chairs from Zuo Modern or rather Zuo Disaster ! I got 2 of this chair that I purchased from July of Last year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , one of the chair broke last September -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and the other one got the same problem , broken Piston last January -LRB- 2008 -RRB- ... the company send me 2 new pistons and an instruction how to replace them ... . after hours of hitting the broken piston out of the chair base , it ruined my chairmat and my carpet as well , so I called them again for assistance , their customer support told me that these chairs were designed in such a way that you ca n't really take them apart for safety reason . So at this point I gave up , instruction to replace the piston is a JOKE ! after less than a year , I lost $ 400 and I got 2 useless chairs.I did get a free replacement chair from them , but by the rate how these chairs are breaking , I 'll need to buy one every 3 months.The sad part is I got these 2 chairs to replace two temporary chairs that I got from IKEA , thank God ! the IKEA chairs are still working amazingly well.Oh Ya , regarding the free chair ... Today is March 16 , 2008 , my third Lider Chair is broken too , same problem , the broken piston , way to go Zuo Disaster.Please try another chair or another company ! Be safe !
 Driver utility is on a mini disk ... no way way to run it on either computer ... . based on this , I would say pass !
 The sound quality is fine , but the functionality is inconsistent . It works so intermittently that it 's not worth the trouble . It may work better for you , but I did n't like it .
 I thought that even though inexpensive it was likely all right for the occasional use , after all it was `` Skype '' approved . Wrong . I ca n't hear . I ca n't be heard . And the cord is short that it would be inconvenient even it it did work all right . But it does n't work all right . Unless you are young with excellent hearing ... I 'd pass on this one .
 This phone worked fine for a couple of months . Now the keypad does n't work but I can still make calls from the PC and use the phone to talk . I would typically make a call from my Skype address book so it 's not a big deal .
 DO NOT PURCHASE SKYPE COMPATIBLE PHONES ANYMORE . THE RECENT CHANGES MADE BY SKYPE MAKE THEM IMPOSSIBLE TO OPERATE . DO N'T THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY . TAKE A LOOK AT THE RESPONSE I GOT FROM THEM BECAUSE MY 150,00 EURO PHONE IS NOW OBSOLETE
 What a dissapointment ... Software wanted to install its own operating system and caused me grief to no end.I un-installed the software and canned the phone.Dont waste your money here
 Although the description says it works on Mac , it only does so poorly . You can not locate a Mac driver for the phone for love nor money . You can use the phone if you control everything via Skype itself , but you can not dial directly from the phone as advertised . I hear the phone works well on Windows , so this review should n't discourage Windows users from purchasing it . However , its Mac compatibility is light on the ability . I would not recommend this for Mac users .
 They say it 's made specifically for a mac !!! Thanks for wasting my time.The software is PC Windows only . The manual specifically says Windows , no mention of mac.The `` drivers '' are all for windows machines.The alternate `` driver , '' downloadable from the internet , does n't do anything .
 Pleased witht the quality of the print however I only got 56 prints off the cartridge .
 If you want to pay $ 1.50 a picture this is the printer for you . We have never gotten more than 35 pics from a print pack . We have used them before the `` 6 month '' expiration date , but the print cartridge goes dry and/or jets clog in between usage . We have to clean jets 5 or 6 times if we do n't print again within a couple weeks . This has happened twice . The first time we returned to Epson and that was a pain in the rear - they sent us a check for 35 cents for 116 unused pictures . They did eventually send us the full refund . If you have 150 pictures to print all in the same day - within 30 minutes of installing - it might work .
 All of my pictures came out red . I returned the ink cartridge along with samples of the red pictures . I still need the ink , but I do n't know where to buy it . I will probably try to buy it directly from Amazon .
 This product did not arrive new . It came with refilled ink . The Epson photo cartridges have ink that is archival and fade resistant . I ca n't be sure that the ink that was refilled in this cartridge was the quality of the ink that Epson uses . I was VERY disappointed . There was no time to return as my family was just about to leave on a vacation where we were taking the printer -LRB- and cartridge -RRB- to a family memeber 's house . We had many pictures to print , and we had to use the faulty cartridge .
 This print pack is not labeled well . It does not say whether it is a T5570 , T5570-M , `` 270 '' , T5846 , or T5845-M print pack . They are not cross-compatible . If you have a PictureMate Pal , Snap , or Flash printer , you should order ONLY the T5846 for 150 glossy prints OR the T5845-M for 100 matte prints.If the box does not specifically say that it is for PictureMate Series 200 printers -LRB- Pal , Snap , and Flash -RRB- such as the T5846 or T5845-M packs - DO N'T BUY IT ! You will end up with the wrong size cartridge . T5570 , T5570-M , and `` 270 '' cartridges are not compatible with the PictureMate 200 series.For 150 glossy prints , stick to T5846 , such as : * T5846 ASIN-B000IT4O0A * T5846 ASIN-B000KJBRK8 * T5846 ASIN-B000JMFVY4 * T5846 ASIN-B000MFJOZU * T5846 ASIN-B000L9MES6 * T5846 ASIN-B000NZRJFQFor 100 matte prints , stick to T5845-M , such as : * T5845-M ASIN-B000IT4O0U * T5845-M ASIN-B000LDRJS2 * T5845-M ASIN-B000JMHV38 * T5845-M ASIN-B000OCMVLUThe low rating is n't so much a reflection on the product as it is on the product 's packaging . The manufacturer , Epson , knows that it has more than one type of Picturemate system on the market and that the cartridges are not compatible across all Picturemate models - yet the packaging does not state anywhere with which models the print pack is or is n't compatible . This oversight could be easily fixed by adding information to the packaging .
 The prints I got with this from my Picturemate charm looked great , but the ink is a joke . It only lasted for about 60 of my 150 sheets of paper . I was printing sepia toned images , so I suspect that has something to do with it . Do n't rely on the ink that comes with this product , always have at least two back up ink cartridges .
 I had problems using this product at one point . The pictures turned out very bad . From now on I will purchase this product at my local Office Depot .
 The ink pack would not print the color blue so the pictures looked like crap . I tried cleaning and aligning the ink nozzles and nothing worked .
 Excellent picture quality , but ink expires long before you get to 150 prints . Also , the second ink cartridge was defective !!!! Tough item to assess .
 I 've purchased this print pack many times before and the print cartridge ink lasts almost as long as the 100 photo sheets . I just got a message of low ink - it looks like its 75 % used up , and I 've only printed less than 20 photos . Pretty disappointing ! Maybe it 's better to purchase the cartridges and paper separately .
 My review is two fold . I like the quality of the photos from my picturemate . However I 've ordered the T5845 cartridge twice , both times I only was able to print 50 photos no where near the 100 advertised . That over $ .60 per photo .
 100 pictures , I think not!I printed maybe 15 pictures before it told me your print pack is low and needs replacing!Horrible product and would not recommend .
 I have 4 of these printers that I use for special events at the church . I bought 4 packs of ink for Halloween and one of them gave me the low ink notice after only printing about 10 of the auto nozzle clean prints.I thought it might be a fluke , so I just let it print until it ran out , which was about 20 prints later.I threw that cartridge away.This weekend , I bought 6 print packs and 1 of them did did the same thing . Reported low-ink after only printing the Auto Nozzle prints.I have n't printed any prints from the cartridge , I ejected it and put it back in the box . $ 33 is a lot to spend to only get 20-30 prints out of a cartridge .
 We received the package in a timely manner . The product is the correct size , quantity , and quality , but not as described . These are manila envelopes , NOT brown kraft .
 The telephone works well , but it is way too small . It is more suitable for a small kid . I was really disappointed in the size .
 I have a couple of issues with this product.First the spelling - I understand that BiC is trying to trademark its product , but `` Wite '' just looks bad . There 's no snap or pizzazz to it . Plus , since `` Wite '' is n't a word , what is it in reference to ? The closest I 've been able to derive is Saint Wite , -LRB- Latinized as Saint Candida -RRB- whom a church is named after . Those fluent in Latin might point out that `` Candida '' means `` White '' , however if that were relevant to the discussion , then should n't the product be called `` Candida Out '' ? Since etymology is n't at play here , am I to assume that this is Holy or Blessed in some way?Instead perhaps the product should be called `` White Paste '' or `` Correction Sludge '' or even , `` Paper J * zz '' . Each covey the a more accurate interpretation as to what the product looks like.Second is the subtext `` Correction Fluid '' . This is CLEARLY a lie . I use Wite Out to cover up mistakes , not correct them . The fluid masks the mistake , and then I either write or type over the offending material . In no way does the fluid actually correct the mistake I 've made . If that were the case , then I 'd suggest the product be called `` Magic Correction Sludge '' . Third , there are no directions on the back of this product . When I use it I 'm always vexed at just how much to use . Do I use a drop ? A blob ? A splotch ? A dollop ? A globule ? A dash ? A bead , dot , dab , smudge , bubble , gobbet , or even a dribble?Fourth , it is not compatible with computer based word processing . It just blots and drips down the monitor.I would be remiss if I did n't point out a benefit I 've discovered in using this product . Once you are finished with the fluid and the foam applicator has dried out -LRB- and I suggest washing it clean before proceeding -RRB- it makes a great nasal passage clearing vessel . You can jam it as far up as you want with no fear of bleeding or brain damage ! I 'm surprised this benefit is n't incorporated into the marketing of this product . It could be called , `` Correction Goop and Booger Remover '' .
 The phone is very easy to setup , but if you have a Skype account it does not download contacts automatically . I called Philips and they confirmed this but some reviews seem to imply that it does . I 'm going with Philips as of now !!
 I bought this phone as a gift for our cousins in South Africa . First of all the power supply was not the dual voltage so I had hunt around to find an appropriate power supply to work for 220V supply . It did work for a while and we were able to make some Skype to Skype and Skype Out calls from South Africa . However , the next problem started and it is that the phone hangs up and keeps on displaying `` Retrieving Contacts '' for ever and ever . There is not much one can do other than powering this up and down , unplugging and replugging , but there is no way that this phone can be reliably booted up . I was able to get it back to work but I had no idea what made it work . Now it is on the blink again . There is not much I can do right now since the phone is in South Africa . I think Amazon should be getting back to Philips to resolve these problems or should stop selling Philips products on their website.Philips VOIP841 PC-Free DECT 6.0 Wireless IP Phone
 I bought this phone to replace the older PC dependent VOIP321 because I kept getting dropped calls , which I suspected was due to my slower computer . Now with this PC less phone , I consistently have dropped Skype calls after a few minutes , regardless of it being a Skype to Skype , SkypeOut or SkypeIn call . I am already planning to return it .
 I shop at FRYS in Phoenix , AZ , and this product 's handsets have been discontinued for 3 months . I had a choice between this and another Netgear skype phone , I chose the netgear with the additional handsets .
 Very nice looking phone but could n't get it to work . Whenever calls would connect after ringing , the call would stay active but there was no audio . Otherwise , the phone setup and accessed my Skype acocunt fine . 3 calls and a chain of emails with Philips proved useless . They said because this is so new , they do n't have support documentation . Their best suggestions were to go a web search , call back and hope to get a technician that knew more , or return to Amazon .
 I ordered this phone from Amazon based on the good reviews . I got the phone in 2 days.I set everything up but the handset would not sign in to skype . It showed that the handset was connected to the base . Had to google for Philips CS # and got the NY office number . They then gave me a 800 number . I called and the CS I was talking to had no idea about the phone and suggested that I send the phone to them . I contacted Amazon and sent me a replacement by next day air and gave me a link to print a shipping label to send it back.I got the replacement and this time I was able to sign in from the handset but I ca n't hear the person on the other side and he ca n't hear me . The phone would ring but did not work when you pick it up . Did not bother to call Philips CS this time because I knew they were not going to be of much help . Called Amazon and they asked me to send it back . They will not send me a replacement because they do it only once . I asked them to refund the amount and order the Netgear Skype phone SPH200D . My friend has that phone and it works flawlessly . I really wish the Philips phone had worked for me because it look a 100 times better than the Netgear phone . Philips needs to get its act together .
 This ` was ' a good phone . Skype changed their settings so it no longer works with Skype and you are not able to sign in to your account . The change Skype made does not appear to be isolated to this Philips VOIP841 device . Until Skype does something about this -LRB- or Philips updates their firmware -RRB- , this phone will not work with Skype , so it will not work -LRB- since the purpose is to work with Skype -RRB- . Skype changed settings around 8/16/2011 and apparently made some of the previously Skype Certified phones like this one , obsolete .
 I bought one unit in late 2007 , the speech quality using the microphone on either VOIP or landline was dreadful but at least it was OK with a headset , until both the headset and mic stopped working . Frys replaced the unit in July last year , but now the headset is not working again . Frys will not replace it again and Philips demand you return the entire heavy package -LRB- two transformers etc -RRB- and will not refund postage . It is going straight in the bin as this is the most cost-effective solution I think .
 Hmm . Not a happy story I have to tell : Well , the design of the product is good , and the interface and concept look fine . researched this pretty well and chose this phillips because I knew I wanted a skype phone.I bought it , plugged it in , charged it , and connected to the ethernet ports on the back of our wireless router , like you 're supposed to . It worked OK for a few days , but I would find that I 'd try to call someone and it would rudely say `` Network busy '' and not connect . Huh ? which network ? my own connection is fast and flawless for every other application , and skype 's network was n't down or sketchy when I had made very constant use of it over prior months . So ... what network is busy ? I would unplug and re-plug in the phone and it would connect OK and make the call . Great , but the whole point is that the phone is supposed to be `` always on , '' like a regular land line . What if a friend had wanted to call?Then , this week , I looked over at the skype phone and said `` wonder if it 's getting more reliable . '' ... went to make a call on it . `` Network busy , '' `` can not connect , '' -- even though my internet connection is perfect etc. . However , this time resetting the phone did n't work . Showed skype as disconnected every time I 'd reset . I also tried it so that the ethernet went straight from our cable modem , in case it was my router that was the problem . No sir ... I have n't got the thing to connect correctly since ! So , sadly , requested a return of a faulty unit to amazon , just shy of the 30 day limit . AND I even asked for a replacement unit , wanting to give it a try -- but amazon said nope , it has to be a refund , because they do n't have the unit in stock . Wow -- this is n't some old product is it ? Why is amazon not carrying it now ? I believe the same situation for the Linksys model ?
 Philips need to work a lot on it . It is dissapointing , and lack of respect for consumers . The phone continuously does n't work -LRB- shows not available , even when using the land line or trying to shoot the phone off -RRB- , and Philips did n't answer my questions . I have found simmilar complaints here talking about the software of the phone . To make it work I have to reset frequently the base unit -LRB- I now know why they put a reset buton on it ! -RRB- .
 right now I have to give this phone a zero rating . I cant find the menu button or the select button to even use this phone . if someone can tell me where they are hidden I would appreciate it
 Update 10/29/2008The product is dead . The screen does not light up anymore properly and it rarely connects to Skype . Even when it is connected to Skype , incoming calls always do not ring . Really bad product . With this and the Philips DECT phone that keeps going to `` searching '' all the time , I am keeping away from Philips products.It was out of the box and working in under five minutes . I did not have to configure anything except key in my Skype userid and password . Voice quality is great and the interface is easy to use . With this phone , SkypeIn for $ 60/yr and Skype Unlimited for $ 30/yr , I can now maybe say goodbye to my $ 30 + / month VoIP service . And I am sending these phones to my parents in India too !! Good work Philips !!
 I bought this phone and have been dissapointed . Overall the phone feels very cheap , there are hanging menu displays , and the sound quality of the phone is terrible . I 've even replaced it for another of the same model and had the same problem . If I can save one person the trouble of buying this phone then I 've done my service to the world . Do n't buy this phone !
 I was looking for a VOIP system that supported Skype and would work without my computer . This Philips phone seemed to be the best option . I wish there were more choices , because even though it meets my brief list of technical requirements it 's got a lousy user interface . Here are just a few of my complaints : - If you listen to your Skype voicemail messages on your computer , your phone still shows that you have new messages . This is only a minor inconvenience , except that you can not clear ALL messages ; you have to delete them one at a time . - When another call comes in while you are talking on the phone you can push a button to `` reject '' the call . However , the phone continues to beep to let you know that you either missed the call or that they left voicemail . It 's a loud audible beep that interupts your current conversation , and there is no way to get it to stop . - During some calls I hear an echo of my voice for the entire conversation . If I hang up and call back it 's usually clear again . And at other times the other person hears a echo tone -LRB- not related to their voice or mine -RRB- that does not go away during the call . I would assume that these are VOIP issues , however I have never had these issues using my Skype account on my computer - they have only happened with this Philips phone . - There is no busy signal tone when you are placing calls from the phone . You only get this information visually on the display , so you have to look at the phone for awhile while it is attempting to make the call to see if it 's going to go through or not -LRB- minor , but annoying . -RRB- - Often there are errors when trying to place a call . Sometimes it appears that the call is already connected , with the minutes incrementing -- but the call never connected . Sometimes you can hear the other person when the call does connect , but they ca n't hear you . And sometimes , they can hear you but you can not hear them . Again , I have never had any of these problems using Skype on my computer , so it seems to have something to do with the Philips phone system or the Skype - > Philips software . - The headset jack is flakey ; mostly it does n't work , but sometimes it does . - The volume control is n't sensitive enough , so there are some calls that are just too loud and I have to hold the phone away from my ear . - The phone itself is very uncomfortable to hold , and it does NOT feel comfortable against your ear for very long.This system does , however , work exactly as advertised . It has a separate base unit that connects to your Ethernet network , and that unit receives your Skype calls whether or not your computer is turned on . The phone does connect with your Skype account so you have access to your contact database , your voicemail messages , and your current account balance . The manual that comes with the unit is sparse with information , and consequently there are still some icons that I do not understand ... . but they do n't seem important and I have n't found the need to look online for any additional information.I appreciate the Skype features , especially the fact that I can receive calls -LRB- or voicemail -RRB- while I am traveling as though I am still home . I do n't like this phone at all , and because of the phone I have often considered canceling Skype and returning to a land line . I am hopeful that someone else will make a better unit sometime soon .
 I use Skype several times a day and it seemed like an excellent idea to buy a cordless phone that would combine both Skype and landline functionality . The Philips was the obvious choice , with its piano black finish and sleek European design . After a year of using the phone , however , I find it has the following flaws :1 . The handset needs to get data from the base everytime you need to check call history , contacts , etc , which does make sense . However , it takes quite a long time and can get irritating .2 . My Skype calls seldom connect at the first try , and a `` Sorry-Call Failed '' message appears frequently . Expect to try at least twice . Also , Skype calls get dropped at a much higher rate than when using a PC .3 . Sound quality is OK , although I get a lot of ambient noise feedback that I ca n't explain . This happens on both the sets I own , so it ca n't be a defective set .4 . Battery life is very short . If you leave the unit off it 's cradle , it will run out of juice quickly , even on stand-by . In summary , this unit will be a great addition to your decor , but do n't expect flawless operation . It has some bugs .
 The phone arrived not working at all but after checking carefully I learned that one battery that came with the phone was dead . After replacing the battery the phone worked for a few hours and then the microphone stopped working . I called the manufacturer who helped me trouble shoot the problem and we determined that there was a manufacturing defect in the phone that caused the mic not to work . I then learned that despite the fact that I purchased the phone new , it did not have a manfacturers warranty , AS ADVERTISED BY THE VENDOR ON AMAZON , since it was discontinued over one year ago ! The Vendor , Mini Mino , will reimburse me for the phone but refuses to pay return shipping charges . The vendor , Mini Mino has been rude and decietful ion his dealings with me .
 The phone advertises that you can use it as a landline phone AND a skype phone . While the skype phone functioned as expected , and while you could hook it up to your landline , it does not display the caller id for landline-based calls . I have not heard of a new phone in years that does not display caller id . I emailed the company and called tech support and confirmed that the phone does not display caller id for landline calls .
 I purchased this phone about 3 months ago and have been using it to replace my land line . It works ok for basic phone calls , however , I have found some problems . The first is that DTMF -LRB- Touch Tone dialing for phone trees -RRB- only works sporadicly . There is also something funny about the mute button that causes the person you called to hear a constant clicking noise that you can not hear on the voip841 . I have also had a problem with the headset jack not working unless I wiggle the plug.Nice looking phone and the sound quality is pretty good , but it has some limitations .
 Ultimately I found the phone was unreliable , it would lock up and not dial out , and seemed to have a mind of its own , sometimes it would work and sometimes not . I ruled out Skype as a possible cause by testing other methods of accessing Skype . This phone needs another firmware update to address these issues . I returned the phone
 Does anyone keep the box for what ever how long ? No warranty inside the box but on wedsite , so I only found out I need the box after the phone is broken .
 Okay . Long story short . Two major flaws :1 . Battery life extremely short . Ca n't last without charge over 24 hours ! 2 . Unit completely died after 6 months.SO disappointed .
 I found this product quite poor . The web interface is minimal with no features to help the user debug the connectivity -LRB- e.g. not even a typical ping command -RRB- . Not very user-friendly at all
 I tried one . The base works but the handset keeps disconnecting from the base and the connection for the a land line does not work . I 'd better buy a cellphone with wifi and install skype
 This device has worked reasonably well in the various countries where I have lived since purchasing it some years ago .
 I bought two of these to communicate with family abroad . Do yourself a favor and google this phone together with `` system is starting up `` My handset will suddenly shut off and go into this mode and stay on it -LRB- ie . like a reboot that never ends -RRB- . This happens overnight , during a call , in fact anytime ! There seems to be nothing that triggers it . It just happens . The only workable solution for this is to pull the power plug from the base station for 30 seconds and plug it back in . Even then , more than half the time , it wo n't work or will go back into `` system is starting up '' within minutes . This means I can not be called and must manually plug and unplug the phone before I can POSSIBLY use it!This problem is VERY common . Like I said , try Googling it . I have the latest firmware , tried re - pairing the handset , reset the base ... all to no avail ! I even changed the batts.Its a shame because its a really pretty phone . I am going to get a GE instead now ... cheaper although they do n't look so good . A pretty phone is useless if it does not work !
 I have had this phone for two years and since the day I got it , it has given me grief . I bought this phone in an attempt to reduce my long distance phone bill . However , I can barely make long distance calls . Here are all the problems I have had with this phone . - It does n't always remember your privacy settings . - It routinely loses the ability to make Skype calls . For some reason it is n't able to connect to Skype . I know the problem was n't caused by my ISP because I could make Skype calls directly from my PC . - The redial feature is lousy . - The sound quality is horrible even with land line calls . The sound quality on my $ 20 AT&T ; land line phone is better than this phone.We were able to workaround the problems by unplugging and then plugging the base from the power source and resetting the base . However , now the phone is in a state that the workaround is n't working . The phone is n't able to communicate with the base . So I 'm not able to use this phone even to make land line calls .
 ThisPhilips VOIP841 PC-Free DECT 6.0 Wireless IP Phonephone I got for around $ 105 from amazon . And I feel its not worth the price . I hope no one shells out $ 400 odd for this device.Well , the features etc are discussed in all the reviews so I want to warn the buyer of a potential problem . I have connected the phone to a Netgear wireless router and configured it properly and I can make and receive calls just fine . Well , I am saying this to let you know my set up is fine . When the phone is left on for a while it freezes up with a message `` System is starting up '' . It does not let you turn it off . The base reset button does not work . I had to switch of the base then remove the batteries from the handset and after a small prayer / expletives -LRB- depends on how many attempts were made -RRB- start all of them again . Mostly this would work but there have been occasions it did not and I had to do this whole cycle 3 - 5 times . I have the latest firmware and the system is set to auto update.This problem repeats itself every other day and I dont think resetting the power cycle is a solution to this bug.I am not alone with this problem check skype forums , google with the error message and you will know its not a random defect . Philips has very poor software support for the phone . Its surprising such a pricey phone can not have a better firmware update.I wish i can send it back to amazon but its now more than 30 days . . its been almost 5 months I am having this problem.So you can gamble if you want . I wish I had seen a review that warned me about this .
 The phone , when it works , is good quality . However , it frequently signs itself out from skype and frequently displays a `` system starting up '' message which effectively freezes the phone . At other times calls can be made and received but neither the caller nor the person receiving the call can hear anything.These problems are documented on Philips ' website . They do suggest solutions such as downloading a new firmware , or unplugging the power cable from the base unit and then reconnecting it after 30 seconds , or resetting the handset . These do provide temporary fixes but the same problems return.The worst part is that you can not predict when the phone will sign itself out of Skype or when the base unit will need resetting or when the handset will need resetting . Therefore you will have to be checking the phone every hour or so to make sure that people will be able to phone you on it . This is not acceptable - this phone should just work , like a regular house phone does . You should be able to just plug it in , set it up and then forget about it and not have to fiddle around with firmare updates , device resets , unplugging bases etc etc. .
 I have had this phone for months now . It works , but its clicking noise makes this phone almost useless in certain cases . I have changed three different phones of this model . But they all have this problem although behavour somewhat differently . Basically , it works fine when you make a call to another Skype phone . But if you call a normal phone , ie . using SkypeOut mode , the phone will make a series of loud clicking noise that can only be heard at the other end . It is random and varies with specific phones . One of the best one so far I have used makes the noise only when I put the phone into mute . The other one makes the noise sometimes when I use the speak phone mode . The third one makes the noise even in the normal conversation setting . I have not been able to contact Philips about the issue . But since all three phone have this problem and I also have seen some eariler complains from other users , including the users of other brand -LRB- e.g. Netgear -RRB- of the same OEM model , I conclude that this is a known design problem that may not be fixed by a firmware updated . I will NOT recommend it to be used with SkypeOut .
 Been using this phone for 6 months now and i have to say i 'm a bit disappointed in its performance . All-in-all the build of the phone was very sturdy , the quality of the calls were decent and setup was a breeze but the signal was just awful for my house . I live in a 2 story brick and mortar house and the signal just was n't powerful enough when i chose to bring the phone downstairs -LRB- the base is located on the 2nd floor -RRB- . I also have to say that the batteries drained far faster compared to my old wireless phones . It also had an annoying tendency to display `` System is starting up '' once in a while and this would n't go away until you removed the batteries and restarted the unit . Firmware upgrade anyone ?
 My unit never successfully connected to the base unit . All in all a disappointment and waste of time . Ca n't offer a better review because I am unwilling to take a chance at wasting any more time . Returned to amazon , no problem . After I realized the phone was never going to work , I was just relieved to receive my refund.I realize a certain percentage of all products are DOA , and reviews such as mine are n't very helpful . I just wanted to let everyone know that my experience with this product was poor .
 The phone processor is too slow and sometimes it takes some wait to do anything . Also its land line quality is no better than average , and skype sounds better on the computer than this phone .
 I bought two Philips VOIP841 PC-Free phones a few years ago . One has worked perfectly and it is amazing the other worked for about a year and suddenly started displaying a message `` THE SYSTEM IS STARTING UP '' . This message has stayed their for almost two years and I still have found no solution . Please google Philips VOIP841 The system is starting up and you will see many blogs from people like me that ca n't seem to find a solution . I hope this review gets to somebody at Philips who can address the issue and solve the problem.With regards to buying or not buying , it is a risk game , red or black , pair or impair ... . if you are lucky and it works you will enjoy the phone .
 The phone is actually a good phone and rarely requires a reboot , which is a real challenge for a Skype phone . But the handset quickly start to show electric issues . To the point where it does not charge any more , or when it charges , kills any kind of rechargeable batteries in a day . After 8 months this phone was totally unusable . Too bad was not a cheap phone .
 I purchased this phone because I am living overseas and Skype is the only means I have of affordabley communicating with my family and friends in the U.S. . The phone appears to work fine , needs some user-friendly updates , but overall serves its purpose . The problem is Phillips customer service -- in November 2007 , seven months after I purchased and received the phone , the charger completely died . Two times I 've spoken with Phillips customer service representatives , who have mailed a new charger to my APO address ; however , mysteriously , I have never received a new charger . In the first case , I waited 6 weeks before requesting they re-send the new charger . Now , four months later , I 'm still waiting for the ostensible second charger , having received nothing from Phillips in the mail . Our APO service has been flawless to date , and vendors have had no problem mailing anything to us . Packages predominantly arrive between 2-4 weeks after placing an order , and there are no restrictions that would preclude us from being able to receive this phone charger -LRB- after all , it was through the APO address that we first received the phone -RRB- . Additionally , the government records when packages are received . They have no record of a package for us from Phillips . So what 's going on ? Is Phillips lying to us about mailing a phone charger ? Their product is completely useless to us right now , and coincidentally , we are arriving near to the one year warranty date . My opinion is that if you 're going to spend this much money on a piece of technology that needs to be reliable , because it will serve a vital purpose in your life , then the lack of customer service assistance from Phillips is enough to discourage me from buying this product again or recommending it to friends and family . I encourage you to keep looking for a phone like this , but produced by a different company . We will not purchase a Phillips phone product like this again , after experiencing this problem , and four months later , having a simple problem remain unresolved . It makes me wonder what is next to fail , AFTER our warranty has expired .
 Bought this unit for my parents in India and less than 1 week and the handset died . It doesnt display or ring . Now I have to figure if there is a service center in India !
 I was expecting more from this phone for less . It ended up an expensive purchase for a so so service ... to call someone I actually need to try several times until it gets the call through ... Even the actual box skype put a notice saying that this is not a replacement for a regular phone then I guess it 's my mistake to think that a vOIP phone costing over $ 100 could be as good as a `` real one '' . The good side if you can establish a call the sound is clear and no interruptions .
 this phone only works when you call out ; sometimes when a person has had an old cordless phone calls , there is an annoying echo ; and the phone only rings once . It is great to use after my computer is shut down ; I can still use skype ; it needs to have a better system for audio ; the volume is not loud at all and if there is echoing , forget hearing anything ; the worst is that I bought it and opened the package ; the buyer would not take it back because I thought it was defective ; I would have to send a brand new phone to the manufacturer instead of getting a refund for a not so good product . very disappointed in both product and the seller . Now I am stuck with an expensive phone that works some of the time .
 I 've been using the product for about a year , but it 's in need of constant attention . I got this phone to call the next town over , because it 's considered long distance . The in state long distance charges are crazy here , so I turned to skype out for a cheaper option.Positives
 With so many rave reviews , you 'd think it 's easy to use this phone , and you 'd get your bang for the buck . But you just do n't . This phone makes it super hard to even see your contacts from Skype . You have to enter ALL of them , one by one , all over again . Very un-userfriendly . Once you manage to have entered everyone , and you pray it 's correct , you make a call . First 3-4 calls were OK , even though echo cancelation was n't the best out there -LRB- see my review of the IPEVO FREE1 USB PHONE -RRB- . And then it started dropping calls . As in 80 % of calls.Verdict
 Returned this product to Amazon because the handset could never find the base . Tried working out the issue with Philips and on the Skype boards but in the end the handset never worked . Looks great and I wish I could have used it instead of the older version I now have
 This was our ideal solution at the time . I am Scottish , my wife is Lebanese and we both live in California . Love Skype , persuaded so many family members to get on it , but it was a pain to leave the computer on all the time in case we got a call.Loved the product for a few months . I should have known something was wrong when around 6 months after buying one phone and a base station , I looked for a second handset and saw Philips had discontinued this model and the only second handsets available were second hand , and at high prices.I should n't have really , but I bought a second hand handset on Amazon . This lasted around 3 months then just died , it wo n't power up any more , no matter what batteries we put in it.The original handset died after it was around 16 months old . We can hear the person on the other end when we get a skype in call , but they ca n't hear us.Very frustrating . I 've posted to the Skype forums , as frustratingly enough , there seems to be no new product like this on the market , and I certainly do n't want to buy another second hand as my conjecture is that there was a fundamental flaw in these phones that somehow missed Philips 's quality control . I 'll update this post if I get any joy out of the Skype forums on if there is any new product like this around.So please do n't waste your money on these .
 I purchased a new Phillips VOIP841C phone . Came with 1 phone and it 's modem.The phone worked great for about 1 year . Now , it drags down my internet speeds and will drop the caller 's voice . They can hear me , but I can not hear them , yet the connection is still present.Restart the router and the Phillips Skype Modem and phone . I 've rechecked all connections to cable modem , skype modem , router . Still have this issue.Without skype modem connected to my router , I get download speeds of 13MB to 17MB . With this modem connected , I get download speeds of 350kb . Testing with Pcpitstop , during the download test , 350kb seen , and while test is still running , unplug power to skype modem , download speeds increased to 13MB ! This did not happen when I first bought 1 year ago , and continued usage for that year . It worked great for that first year .
 I thought this would be a great pen after looking at the reviews online . It constantly stops writing and the ink dries up !! You have to shake it or open the pen up and squeeze the ink cartridge to get the ink flowing again . Even with a brand new cartridge the ink still stops all the time . Waste of money !
 I bought this tablet as a starting tablet . Worked okay , but overall it 's junk.Art is my hobby , and although I 'm not a professional art student , I did use the tablet a lot.Main problems I had with it : A lot of jitter with the pen - trying to draw a clean line resulted in the pen 's responsiveness stopping , and having to lift my hand up and press it against the tablet itself several times before it would start again . Very very annoying when trying to paint something , or lineart a picture.The battery in the pen died very quickly and very often . I even tried lithium batteries , and those died after a few uses of the tablet . Besides , how stupid of an idea is a battery operated pen ? You end up spending a lot of money on batteries/wasting a lot of time to recharge some rechargeable ones.The barrel itself was poorly constructed . I had trouble getting the batteries in the pen for a long time , because the spring would move and as such the batteries would move as well . The spring actually bent on its own one day , which made putting batteries in even MORE difficult . The plastic top half of the barrel cracked soon after the spring bent . I did n't even rough it around any , either.The tablet itself is a bit large , which is n't always a bad thing , but it scratched very easily . You have to press rather hard on the pen for it to register a stroke , which resulted in deep scratches on the tablet.I would never suggest this product to anyone - for half the price you can easily buy a refurbished Wacom tablet , and get more than your money 's worth .
 First , the icemat is unnecessary if you have a flat surface desk and a black mousepad . The mouse in game performance was similar between the icemat and a regular black mousepad . In my opinion the regular black mousepad was better . The usage of the icemat is uncomfortable because my wrist is in contact with it and I ca n't move the mouse as easily as there is lack of space.Second , I did not like how the black painted surface underneath peels off easily , when I took off the elevating stub supports that make the bottom surface not touch with the desk because it keeps wobbling when I use the pad with the elevating stubs .
 The ink does not flow very well , and even just out of the bag they write like all the ink has dried up . All they do is scratch the paper I 'm writing on . Not to mention they are uncomfortable to use because of their design , and because so much pressure is needed to actually apply the ink . Would stay away from this one .
 These pens went right in the garbage . They do not write well and I have found better deals for better pens . The ink is very dull and the pen itself is not comfortable to hold . These are n't worth buying , not even to get to the $ 25 free shipping threshold .
 The pen writes well enough , and collapses nicely -LRB- although I do n't really have a use for this particular gimmick -RRB- . However , the metal shaft is very hard to grip . As I write , my fingers rapidly slide down the shaft and I lose my grip . So it 's actually quite unpleasant to write with , in my opinion .
 I was given this pen as a gift from a coworker - 2 weeks later it leaked ink all over when I was using it . And if I pull the pen fully open there is ink all over the top of the slide area which explains why my hands were full of ink . I loved it initially but this is just poor quality - I 'm sure glad it was n't in my pocket when this happened or I 'd have jeans or a shirt with a big ol black spot .
 I received a different pen than advertised . I received a retractable Zebra pen but it is not the pen they advertise . It 's impossible to tell whether it was an innocent error or they knowingly shipped me the wrong pen hoping that I would n't go through the hassle of returning such an inexpensive item . If the latter is true , then they were right . I did not return it . CAVEAT EMPTOR .
 This printer is a cheap hunk of junk . Arrived DOA . The so-called `` technical support '' -LRB- was n't all that technical , and would rather interrupt me that support me -RRB- was useless in resolving the issues . The `` latest '' drivers are over two years old , and still broken.If you can get it to work , it might be OK , but my experience is that you 'll get frustrated with the unit and the abysmal `` technical support '' first , and return it .
 These clean edge two-side printable cards are definitely a `` cut above the rest '' . The look is about as professional as you can get with such ease . The ink adheres naturally without smudge or wet look . These are absolutely worth the little extra you pay !
 Boy , this card is thin -LRB- still thicker than a regular sheet of paper -RRB- . Nowhere on the package is the gauge -LRB- thickness -RRB- and if I knew what I know now I probably would not have purchased this.Printing and seperating the cards was very easy though .
 I thought this would be a good product after reading the reviews . However , the paper is thinner than most business cards which causes it to feel cheap and curl up on itself.I thought I could deal with that until I tried printing , where I noticed the real problem . See , the Avery template for these business cards has the group of cards centered on the page . However , the actual paper with the business card cutouts has a few extra millimeters on one side than the other . This means that every time I tried printing , the cards were a little off-center -LRB- both horizontally and vertically -RRB- . I adjusted the AI template to try to match the business card paper -LRB- the front side anyways ; the back side would need the template to be moved in the opposite direction -RRB- , but getting exact results is nearly impossible.One final huge downside with these is the fact that , although there is clearly room on the paper for the cards to be spread out a little more , they are all right next to each other . That throws out your option to print with a bleed for colored backgrounds on your cards . Even if you get your template properly aligned , which is not an easy task , and try to print colored backgrounds without a bleed , there are always slight printer variation when it takes in a piece of paper from one piece to the next , so you will probably not be printing a completely colored background , and you will probably be ruining one or two other cards in the process.The only reason this is worth the one star is because , in theory , I can still get three full bleed or ten white-background cards per sheet , however low quality they are . It will perhaps give me something to practice on before submitting my cards to a professional printing service -LRB- which would probably have cost less than buying the paper here on Amazon the first place -RRB- . In retrospect , I probably should have gotten the Avery 8373 as it appears those do have a boarder for bleeds , but I 'm not going to waste my money on that now considering that the paper quality could sill be low and off-center .
 My complaint to Avery and still is that the Clean Edge Business Cards printed on my hp 940c do not print on the cards correctly . The printing off template gets worse the further down the sheet the print is . I told them it was a printer feed issue . They told me it was a software problem and to call tech support at my expense . I went on line and emailed product , customer service , and tech support . A week later , I repeated the emails . Finally , tech support sent an email saying to reinstall factory drives ; if that does not work , install window drivers ; if that does not work , go online and check for driver updates . Then they admitted that they have complaints about the Clean Edge Cards not printing correctly due to slipping in the printer ! Avery Customer Service should have known of the problem with the Clean Edge Cards slipping as they go through some printers . Note that Avery did send me another pack of Clean Edge Cards -LRB- product satisfaction guarantee is for same product replacement -RRB- , although I am not sure what I am to do with them since they slip going through my printer .
 What they really mean is guaranteed that it might work but you have to pay extra to call the tech support # . Some guarantee . The printed cards did not align correctly despite using the correct MSWord template . They recommend their own software which can not type other languages as Word can . Why should I pay the extra money to call tech support for something `` guaranteed '' to work ? I 'm not , I 'm just going to return them and buy another brand .
 Or maybe not for my computer ??? However , if I 'm having problems , there may be others out there who would experience the same frustration.My opinion may not be fair , because the trouble I had could be related to my PC . I have never attempted to make my own business cards before , but I have been able -LRB- without any training -RRB- to make some basic projects with Publisher , such as gift certificates . I routinely do flyers that require clip art . So I did n't expect to have any problem with this Avery product.Avery DOES supply a contact number you can call to get help , but frankly I really dislike getting instructions over the phone , so I did not take advantage of this offer . I would have preferred some trouble shooting tips listed online or on a sheet of paper in the packet.First , I had trouble downloading the template . I gave up after eight tries in three different sessions . I finally settled for the totally blank card setup that I was able to get access to . I could not get the program to accept clip art most of the time . I had trouble getting one of the seven lines to center . When I finally was able to paste clip art onto the card , I could not control where it went AND all the copy I had set up disappeared ... never to be seen again . Some day ... many months from now , I may come back and try this again . Or I may give the product away and let someone else struggle with it . For now , I have a lot of wasted time and no business cards to show for it .
 I wish that I had read this before buying at my local office supplier . My cards print blurred , and I have reset the printer settings for all kinds of specialty paper , trying to find one that works . I have an HP 2200 series . Maybe it is a problem with HP printers ? Nonetheless , it is not compatible with MY laser printer , and as HP is one of the most popular out there , it should not be advertised as such .
 These cards are flimsy and bend easily . They will easily be picked out as a cheap homemade card . Spend the extra money for decent cardstock .
 The 2nd sheet of business cards through my printer , jammed in my printer . In removing the jammed sheet of cards , I broke my printer .
 Cards came bent and do not work in the printer . Plus it took 21 days to get to me . I would never recommend this . Waste of money ! Had to go buy new ones !
 Not sure if it was the program or my printer but , one side of the cards printed half way between the cards . Tried several times and never worked . Also some sheets come apart in the printer . Might work in different printer or with a different program , but did n't work for me .
 These cards do not snap apart cleanly at all . I had to keep folding them back and forth over and over again , and they still refused to separate . I had to rip them apart , and no matter how carefully I tried to do it , they were left with torn , messy edges . Absolutely horrible and unprofessional .
 None of the templates for the 8371 business cards actually print correctly . You would never notice this unless you have a very nice business card , with bleed borders or custom graphics . However , if you are trying to apply for a job that is n't run out of your mom 's garage , you need something better . After messing with these garbage files for more than an hour , I finally managed to get half a sheet of useable cards . I am NEVER NEVER * NEVER * buying avery again . EVER .
 These are economy weight cards , although they may be adequate for some uses . Because of this light weight , I do n't think they are a good buy . Avery makes other business cards that are better . The Avery on-line templates are more effort to use than they are worth and most require that you have MS Word 2007 to use them .
 I was very excited by this product so that I could create some low cost business cards at home . This product was horrible however . It was offcenter and all it did was waste my time and money . Do yourself a favor and just go order the real deal , you may even save money and still get much better prints !
 When Avery says clean edge - they mean it . The best I 've used so far . Easy to separate and no residual pieces of `` hanging chads '' . 5 Stars !
 I have an epson workforce 545 front feed printer.Right from the start , I used the correct template for the product and I ran a test print on plain paper and saw that the edges of my single side , full color cards were way off when held up behind the card stock , as directed . I spent about 2-2 1/2 hrs getting them aligned . It never did get perfect , and I had to settle for the least misaligned version , which still left a white border on the bottom and right edges of a full color card . Looked VERY unprofessional.Consequently , I decided to create a SIMPLE 2 sided card with just one word on front/center , and a web address and QR code centered on the back.Ran a test print on plain paper again , and found that the template , which was the one recommended on the package , was not 2 sided , even though the packages says the cards are 2 side printable.Finally , I decided to use just the web address and QR code on a single sided card , as a temporary solution . Ran another test print , on plain paper and it was aligned well enough for what it was.I thought I finally had a TEMPORARY card , until I could afford to pay a Professional to do the real job.HA ! No such luck there . I have burned through 3/4 of my brand new ink cartridges , and 2/3 of the card stock and have yet to get a complete page of even close to correctly aligned cards.I messed with all of my printer settings , and tried all kinds of different things , but it appears that I have spent $ 60 worth of ink and card stock and I only have 8 out of 80 business cards that are useable , and I find the card stock to be very thin , low quality paper.I have just learned that , regarding the actual printing issues , I was misled into buying the wrong printer for the job , by the Office Max Associate who `` helped '' me . Either he did n't know or did n't care.For others who may not know , heavier bond papers such as card stock require a rear-in front-out paper feed on most brands of printers , Epson included.When I asked the Office Max Associate if this specific printer , which is a front-in front-out paper feed , could handle this specific card stock he responded `` sure , no problem '' . That ends up to be totally incorrect.This product may work famously if you had a rear feed , straight through printer , but there is no indication that you should use such on the package , website , or from printer sales associate at Office Max . If there were , I would have looked elsewhere , since I have a front feed/return printer.I still feel the same way about the thin , low quality card stock.I could have ordered 1000 full color , two sided cards of very high quality card stock paper , from printrunner.com for less than $ 60 and I already know they are TOP quality ! I will be very wary of other such products , especially by Avery , and be sure to ask around before I waste a ton of time and money again . What a waste of 3 days and $ 60 !!!
 I like the clean edge cards . The only thing I do n't like doing , and I 've had to do this on other busincess card paper , was to trim the edges with a cutter . Every time . The calibration did n't work for me and I followed the instructions as written.If you do n't mind having to trim them further , than what you need , either that , or do n't use any color near the edges . Because you may get a white strip that has to be cut .
 This product obviously never saw an AT&T test lab.The features to set the alarm -LRB- both to set the time and turn it on and off -RRB- is completely obscure . Why is `` radio '' labelled A and `` buzzer '' B ? There 's enough room for the names . Why do you have to press one button then change the time then press another ? Why does it flash the time for a while then stop?More aggravating points
 Based upon other customers reviews , I bought this product because I wanted a digital radio that would reliably wake me up in the morning . The radio quality is the only redeeming feature I can see in this product . It is worthless as a clock - the face is angled so one must be above it and within 2 feet to read the pale display of the time . The illuminated display area is too bright making sleep all but impossible while the readout is practically invisible . Contrary to the advice of AT&T tech support , the alarm MUST be activited each night even when the word ALARM remains in the display area . The volume control is poor , but that seems the least of this products problems . Too much technology and too little common sense !
 I have not liked this unit since I bought it 18 months ago . The programming is not intuitive at all . Secondly , the snooze and alarm buttons are difficult to find if the unit is on the left side of the bed . Also , by the size of the display you 'd think it would be easy to read . However I can not see it from my bed -- a foot away -- let alone across the room . A black display with lighted letters/numerals would be better . Then yesterday I unplugged the phone as instructed to replace the 9V backup battery . When I plugged it back in , the light came on but there is no display . The radio wo n't work and neither will the alarm . All I have left is a phone . I bought this unit for the combination of features/price but I guess you get what you pay for !
 I purchased this item about 18 months ago and I 'm not particularly satisfied with it . It 's a great idea - a phone and clock radio all in one - a great space saver . Unfortunately , this is not the model to buy . The display screen is at a difficult angle to see unless you raise your head . The controls are not particularly intuitive to use . The worst aspect of the unit , however , is the volume control . It is very imprecise and the volume ca n't be set low enough without cutting out completely . Do n't waste your money ...
 Phone receiver volume and clarity was poor . Display screen died after 1 year .
 I received product fine . The radio part of unit would be loud & if touched unit it would go silent , till touched somewhere on it or shook . The phone worked fine . The dial could n't be seen unless right on top of it , even in bed , had to raise up to see . I had a GE that had a blk screen & the no . 's could be seen across the room . I guess I got a defective unit . When I emailed sender , he told me not to send bk/refunded my money . I gave to good will .
 This printer is a cheap hunk of junk . Arrived DOA . The so-called `` technical support '' -LRB- was n't all that technical , and would rather interrupt me that support me -RRB- was useless in resolving the issues . The `` latest '' drivers are over two years old , and still broken.If you can get it to work , it might be OK , but my experience is that you 'll get frustrated with the unit and the abysmal `` technical support '' first , and return it .
 My company purchased the W-600 printer and we 've sent it in twice so far . We 're a government agency so we have to keep it now that we 've purchased it , otherwise we would have gone with another barcode company . I do not recommend any of their products .
 My company purchased the Wasp WPL606 printer but it died after only 6 months of occasional use . The printer stopped detecting the paper and constantly failed for a paper jam and no paper , when it clearly was not jammed or out of paper . After going back and forth with the service department at Wasp , they had me return the printer for repair but they could n't find anything wrong with it so they sent it back to me . I now have it back but it still does n't work . * UPDATE *
 Observations : * The mouse pad part really is purple , not blue like it appears in the picture -LRB- on my screen , anyway -RRB- . * The wrist rest is clear . In the picture , it appears that the pattern has a white background , but it 's actually completely clear . * The edges of the mousing area are very slightly raised.Pros : * The graphics are imbedded within the wrist rest , so they wo n't wear off over time . * The wrist rest is a nice cushy gel . * The pad tracks well with my optical mouse . * The underside of the pad is somewhat tacky , so it wo n't slide around on your desk . * The colors are bright and vibrant.Cons : * The wrist rest is a plastic gel ; it is not fabric covered , as I thought it would be . The gel surface creates a bit of drag against your wrist , which quickly becomes uncomfortable . Also , since it does n't `` breathe , '' as a fabric-covered rest would do , it could get kind of sweaty -LRB- making the drag problem worse -RRB- . * The mouse pad is very flexible , so if you are working on an uneven surface , it conforms to that , and you will lose your mouse signal in that spot.This mouse pad met my wish list item of being attractive and providing wrist support , but I regret getting it . The drag against my wrist makes it impractical for extended use . I do n't recommend it .
 The gel does support my wrist , but my optical mouse had trouble with the slick purple mouse pad . It is cute though : -RRB-
 According to the other comments , there is apparently some false promotion happening with the photo ... And seriously , is there gold in it or something ? Why on earth is a mousepad $ 120 ??
 I have had SEVERAL cordless phones in the past , very few lasting any length of time . The last V-tech I had was AWESOME . Not wanting to spend a large amount of money I opted for this phone . HUGE mistake . The answering machine is awful - either cutting messages off or garbling them so as not to understand a word of it . The handsets are full of static - my callers always indicate that I am fading out so I am constantly repeating things to them . Very Annoying . I have had the phone for about 3 months and am going out tomorrow to replace it with a V-Tech product . Please be careful when purchasing this item .
 This phone has nice 2-line features but we have tried two of them in our home office and both have suffered from poor out-going sound quality.Overall the features of this phone are very good for a home office and if GE would fix the sound issue , we would be happy to have one.Pros :2 independant voice mail boxes.Can retreive VM from the handset or base.Displays external voicemail from our phone service.Base and handset speaker phone.Expandable.Cons : Sound quality is poor -LRB- clients were complaining that our voices sounded scratchy and far away -RRB- . Poor selection of ringers.Silly melody ringers not appropriate for a office .
 Junk . We bought the base and two handsets in 02/07 , and in 10/07 the base unit just suddenly stopped transmitting to the handsets . Warranty is to send back to Texas for service . Nice - no phones for weeks on end ? It was fortunate we had n't thrown out the old ones . Sound quality is poor , transmission between base and handset is poor , and the date keeps reverting back to 2005 -LRB- the default -RRB- . When it reverts back to 2005 , the messages are recorded as being on the wrong date . It 's also hard to see the display unless it 's lit . There are a lot of good features , and the answering section seems to work fine -LRB- except for the date -RRB- , so it 's a shame these are such poor quality.If and when we get them fixed , I do n't know that they will really be fixed . For the money -LRB- $ 190.00 -RRB- , there 's got to be better products available than worthless General Electric waste-of-space stuff like this.Update 10/05/09 . My opinion just went lower . Today all the handsets quit working just like before . Had to use old AT&T ; phones instead . Looking for new phones instead of trying to get these warranty serviced , and they wo n't be General Electric phones . Ever again .
 While this may be an inexpensive , 2-line , phone system with lots of functions ... it is not worth a dime . I ordered this with 3 additional handsets . I had to return one handset from the moment I opened it as it did not function at all . Thank goodness for Amazon 's friendly and easy return/exchange policy . The interference is ridiculous and you can not hear unless there is absolutely no back ground noise -LRB- not even the sound of my computer processor -RRB- and even then , it is quite difficult . The volume was adjusted and up as far as it would go and every call is still incredibly difficult to hear . It should be noted that I have no hearing difficulties what-so-ever . The LCD display on 2 of the 4 handsets was illegible after only 2 months of use . You can not use any of the handsets or any other features for that matter , if someone is listening to messages or using features on any of the other handsets - base included . Needless to say , I have just purchased a Panasonic system to replace this one after only 4 months of use .
 PROSInexpensive . Fairly good range.CONSUnusable due to extremely low incoming volume . Phonebook interface poorly designed . Non-existent tech support.The headset volume on this phone is so low the phone is unusable unless there is absolutely not background noise , and then it 's still hard to hear the caller 's voice.And when the background volume increases , the incoming volume seems to * decrease * . It 's marginally usable with a headset attached.Other con is that , while you can share phonebook entries you can only transfer one entry at a time , which is useless , taking 20 seconds and many button presses per transfer.Tech support is * literally * non-existent . I called the tech support number and got a * recorded message * that if my unit was defective , I should mail my unit to such and such address . And when I dont ' get the unit back in 2 months ? What do do then?Unfortunately , it took me a while to get around to testing the sound issue objectively -LRB- by calling the unit w / my cell phone and putting my mp3 player on the cell phone then listening on this phone and on several others.By the time I test it this way and determined , `` yes , I 'm not crazy . It 's unbelievably low volume . '' it was too late to return it . That 's when I discovered the non-existent tech support .
 These were bought for my office and I 'm sad to have to replace them after 6 months . First , other reviews are correct , the sound quality is horrible . Many times I can barely hear the person on the phone . Second , I 've had to replace the battery already once . It 's cheaper to buy a new phone than to continously purchase rechargeable batteries every month . Not happy with this product .
 It says GE . . it 's not ! they take NO responsibility ! the Warranty 's a farce ! Supposedly a company named Thomson Inc makes and ` services ' the product , and you 'll be given the complete run around . . until it 's conveniently out of warranty . . mine worked for 3 months tops ! Complete waste of $ $ $ , inc # 1 800 448 0329 offers tech support !! does n't come close ! check complaints against this company . . stay away !
 I purchased this phone set for work , thinking that inexpensive replacement phones would ease the pain of things being spilled on them or dropped . The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely . When I purchased this set , I never imagined I would be running my business telephones off of 4 AA batteries.Other complaints
 it is just a normal 5.8 Ghz Cordless phone , but the battery life is very short , I just own it no more than 6 months , and the battery not chargeable completely , and the new battery cost almost $ 20 , and having same problem . I wo n't buy it again even it is free .
 I 'm editing my review . At first I had problems but over the last year it has shows to be a great phone as I did keep it . The speakerphone I use alll the time . Lifesaver . Thats my update !! . original -- This phone was given to me as a gift . I have used a week , but will upgrade in the following weeks to something else as this phone has no backlit numbers . It 's annoying dialing in the dark . My first opinions came after letting everything out of the box . NO MANUAL ? I 'm really hoping this is a fluke . It 's a very unconventional dial pad so I really need the manual . I found GE 's Thompson Phones website and found a link for the manual . The link pulls up a spec sheet . The spec sheet link pulls up a spec sheet . All their other phones have the same link issue . I called GE . Spoke to Robert , and his extreme Indian accent . GE is mailing me a manual 7-10 bus days . Still waiting.Let me start off by saying the phone is large compared to allot of other cordless phones.So how 's the phone work ? For 7 days , and kind of clueless . The sound come through clear and you can turn the volume up fairly loud ... as I like it . The Speakerphone is Loud as well . Sounds like a speakerphone would . No fooling anyone on this one . The backlight is bright green . Caller ID , and call indicator work great . It also came with a belt clip . Well that 's it.It 's ugly , silver , and confusing . I must be getting old . . lol
 The voice quality was awful . It sounded like I was talking on a two-way radio . Those on the other end of the line reported a similar lack of quality . Honestly , I 've never experienced a phone this bad .
 Workable envelopes , however some of the clasps were misaligned , requiring the flap to be refolded .
 After just 3 months this phone 's batteries are already failing ! This is now the second cordless in a row I 've bought with short-lived batteries . The other was a Panasonic that cost around $ 20 . Even with it 's low $ 14.99 price tag , the GE Cordless 2.4 GHz 27831FE1 Phone has proven to be a bad bargain . We could get a new set of batteries with GE 's one year warranty , but this phone may not be worth keeping.Its low-contrast , badly lit LCD is so hard to read , it 's sometimes almost useless . This may be good excuse to go find a better phone.The moral to this review is that a good brand name does not assure quality and a low price does not guarantee economy .
 I purchased this telephone in October 2006 and as of today , 1/9/2007 , this telephone no longer functions . I have purchased a replacement phone of a different brand ...
 it is cheap and performs like a cheap phone . battery is dead after about a year . the volume is low . the screen started to fail . the coverage is average at best . you can do better for a few bucks more
 Phone worked ok for 1 month , although lacks speakerphone and sound was not great . Then it died , unable to charge properly .
 The Sound quality for this phone is awful . It 's too low unless you blast the volume and the static is sometimes so bad I ca n't hear anything else . The Caller Id produces an error more often than any cordless I 've ever owned . Sometimes it does n't save the last few numbers that called . Why that is I ca n't figure out . The phone is less than a year old but it has reached a point where now it makes a hum noise then dies immediately after.Save your $ 20 . Put it towards a nicer phone .
 I bought this phone and after a few months it began to lose signal , make weird noises and turn off after just 15 or 20 minutes talking after being charging the whole day.I really do n't recommend neither this phone nor anyone from this branch .
 I bought this phone less than a year ago and it now wo n't work . The battery quit holding a charge . I replaced it with a Uniden .
 Been putting up with this phone for too long and back on Amazon to find a replacement . Sound quality is acceptable and range is acceptable if you plan on never walking around yard with it . My worst complaint and reason I 'm ditching it is that it completely interferes with Linksys wireless router and nocks me off the network every time the phone rings . Very annoying and I ca n't take it anymore . Not sure what to get at this point . . maybe 5.8 Ghz ? Any ideas ?
 This phone is horrible -- the sound quality is terrible , the caller id display is extremely faint , and there is constant static that sometimes i have to hang up in the middle of a call and redial just to get rid of the noise . my cheap radioshack 900mhz phone that i 've had for 4 years is waaaay better . the only plus about this GE phone is that the battery life is great .
 This phone works fine for us , however , when it rings , and we pick up another phone in the house to answer , this phone keeps on ringing , one solid ring and does n't stop for a few seconds after another phone has been picked up to answer . Again , I ca n't send it back to be replaced because my 30 days are up . And again , I wo n't be ordering another phone from you .
 The gel rest is too hard , and the mouse pad part is smaller than a regular mousepad and too slick for ball mouse device . Works okay with optical mouse device , but like I said it 's just so-so . The design is on the bottom and is viewed through the transparent gel . Looks okay .
 Received it about a week ago . The voice quality was so poor that I could barely hear the other person . In addition , for some reason its microphone was somehow connected to its speaker so my voice got echoed in the phone . It was a bad experience and I had to return it .
 this is the most stupid phone design , along with the other , `` both '' wall and desk mountable . they tell you it is wall mountable . yes , if you do n't mind having a 25 foot jack cord along with electrical cord hanging from it . there is only one size jack cord . they usually have 2 cords , a 5 '' for the wall mount , and then a long one for use as a desk phone . not these , just a desk cord , without an area to wrap it to hid the long cord . so it has to just hang from the kitchen wall . not well thought out .
 This unit was very easy to set up , but I had a big problem with it . If the answering machine was left on -LRB- which I always do -RRB- , EVERY time I set the handset back in to the base , the system reset itself . I 'd lose my outgoing message and password . If I turned the unit off , I had no problem - but the purpose of an answering machine is to have it on ! I was very disappointed , especially because my other phone - and previous answering system - were GE , and they were great .
 This phone works great for the first month then it goes down hill from there . Now it you have to keep dialing over and over again because it shows you dialed the number correctly but it does n't process it . Then you have all the interference noise and static !!!
 I have owned several of these phones in the past . The first worked perfectly for several years . I was so happy with the performance of the first phone that I continued to purchase them . Though the price has remained reasonable , the quality has taken a nosedive . The battery life is the main problem . Though I have replaced the battery several times , the batteries themselves are very weak . In the long run , they have n't been worth the hassle of continually replacing phones and batteries . I 'll never give a second glance at one of these worthless phones again .
 This is the worse phone I have ever bought , I let it charge for a couple of days and then hooked it up to the phone line , fist it is very confusing trying to insert numbers into the memory . second when trying to make a call you have to push way to many buttons , and the noise and static as you talk is unbelievable . receiving a call on the answering service is filled with more noise that you do n't understand the message . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 the phone does n't have a place to plug in a headset . I had n't thought to check that , as I thought it was standard now on a 2.4 mhz phone . Then , the phone stopped working so I can only use it as an answering machine . The reason I ordered it online is that I am working in a remote area of Alaska ; the only way I can get it fixed is to send it in , and wait 4-6 weeks -LRB- likely longer , with shipping here -RRB- . So I ca n't return it til I leave the job . Not very useful . I am stuck using the answering machine and getting a duplex phone jack , so I can use an old-fashioned corded phone for my calls , one that I can find locally . Not very handy return policy , and does not suggest high quality parts . -LRB- I tried all the problem-solving instructions and called their customer service , but it 's all automated , \ and that did n't help . -RRB-
 I bought one of these and bought my Mom one ; they both have the same problems . When playing messages that people left , you strain to hear them , even with the volume turned up to the max . It also cuts people off if they are n't talking loud enough . Was this phone designed by someone WHO TALKS REALLY LOUD ALL THE TIME ?
 This phone is really a waste for the money , the battery does n't last for the time expected -LRB- nor half of it -RRB- , the call quality is very poor , when u just go to the next room their is so much noise , end of line try another one .
 First , I 'd like to point out that the description stated here is incorrect . THIS PHONE DOES NOT HAVE SPEAKERPHONE CAPABILITIES AT ALL.Second , the phone sounds distorted . Even when you lower the volume it sounds weird.We ended up returning the phone .
 What is this , 1972 ? I thought ALL cordless phones nowadays had a headset jack . I ca n't walk around with my HAND holding the phone to my head . Or worse yet , cramping my neck muscles to hold it between shoulder and head . What are we , barbarians?I always wear a headset because I need my hands free to pet my rabbits , type on the computer , wash the dishes -- you know , life.Sound quality was better than my old Uniden , but still not very good . There 's a simple switch to turn the ringer off -LRB- that 's what made me impulse-buy it at Walgreens store -RRB- . I ca n't tell you anything else about the phone , as I only used it for 5 minutes before discovering the `` no jack '' problem and packing back up to return to store.I 'm going for a new DECT phone . They seem like they might have decent sound quality . Message playback audio quality has been quite poor in the Uniden phones I 've had .
 I have to say , even given the price , I am disappointed in this phone . I selected it because I needed an answering machine , figuring it would be sufficient for my needs . It 's junk . the phone is almost useless , for any call over 1 mile , and the machine is worse . It shows new messages , I play them , they are 3 days old ... but never showed when they came in . the answering machine volume must be at the very top , blasting , or I ca n't even hear my messages ... I seriously considered returning it , but there are very few choices , and I am in the middle of moving out of state . I 'll probably just junk it when I move .
 I have had a few cordless phones . This one wore out the fastest . The battery when the phone is off the hook died the fastest . And it is the biggest piece of junk of the cordless phone I 've had . I have to go out and replace mine now .
 I bought this phone a year ago -LRB- Jan 08 -RRB- and it recently died on me . It kept giving me the `` low battery '' indicator , even if I only talked for 5 minutes . I would replace the battery , but just decided the chuck the whole phone since a phone battery costs $ 15.00 -LRB- half the price of the phone -RRB- . I 've own three cordless phones in the last twelve years , and this is by far the worst .
 These phones are not very good . They started to die very quickly just a few months after use . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this phone , and it 's terrible , i could n't hear with one of the handset , the main one , i wont buy a GE again .
 This phone is low priced because it is low quality ! I would never waste my money on this item again . Only one handset works at a time and most of the features are not user friendly ! The sound quality is very poor too . Do not buy this phone !
 I 'VE BEEN USING THIS PHONE FOR ME BUSINESS AND FOR SOME REASON THE PHONE LOSE CONNECTION WITH THE STATION , ONE TIME THE PHONE WAS N'T WORKING FOR 3 HOURS IN THE MORNING TILL I REALIZED THE PHONE HAS N'T BEEN RINGING THE WHOLE MORNING . WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER GE PHONE AGAIN .
 The sound is distorted and background really shines through making it dificult to have a pleasant conversation . There is a convenience factor of having two handsets , but a few dollars more would buy better quality .
 Would not buy this phone again , reception is poor and overall quality isnot very good
 HAd the phone for 2 weeks prior to returning it . Worked as advertized , but the past reviewer who commented on the loud tone of your own voice was right on . When you speak into the phone , your voice shouts into your ear . The only way to comfortably speak into the phone was to hold the mouthpiece well away from your mouth . Also lacks a speakerphone -LRB- which many in this price range have -RRB- .
 thank you for sending a broken phone with a missing cord to me . you couldnt even wipe the food stains off before you put it in the box ? im deployed to afghanistan currently , so sending this back isnt an easy option right now . im trying to get a phone to work with majic jack so me and my fellow soldiers can call our families . thanks for delaying that process even more .
 Phone battery lasted only a short time.It must have been used for a long time prior to the sale . However , I did buy it used and that was a risk I took .
 This phone is very irratating . The ringer volumne is very loud and ca n't be turned down . Also the ringer choice is 3 very irratating sounds like I 've never heard before . Very high pitched , pulsating sounds that are loud also . Also the caller I.D. is hard to read . The backlight is not very bright and this too can not be adjusted . So ... I will be returning the phone .
 Really loud tone when you hit the buttons to dial and no way to adjust it . Very annoying . Too lazy to send it back and go phoneless . I 'd look for a phone with more features such as volume control .
 We have had this phone for a couple of years and for the most part the phone worked but the caller ID screen started losing pixels after about a year and is now illegible . The funny thing is it happened on all the phones -LRB- 3 -RRB- at roughly the same time , and at roughly the same rate . Now it is just annoying . We are not rough with the phone and keep in on the charger most of the time . I would not recommend this product .
 We were happy with these phones at first , but two and a half years after purchase , all three of them have died . -LRB- I 'm not going to review the general functions of the phones as other reviewers have already covered this topic very well . -RRB- Just before the 2 year mark , the first phone died . The first sign of trouble was an increasingly short battery life . Then one day , when picked up , it just started making loud clicks -LRB- about once per second -RRB- and there was so much static that you could neither hear or be heard . From that point on it was unusable.The second phone then lost its speaker ie it did not `` ring '' when a call was received and the speaker function no longer worked . A few weeks later , exactly the same thing happened to the third phone.For us there is n't much point in having a phone that does n't ring out loud . These phones do flash when a call is incoming , but you have to be looking in that general direction to notice . We quickly got fed up with missing most of our calls.Haven ' t had much luck with previous phones such as V-Tech and Motorola -LRB- both died after 2 years or so -RRB- . I 'd love to find something that would last 5 years or more . .
 We bought this phone about a year ago because of the ability to have just one phone hooked to phone jack and still have two additional phones in other rooms . That part is great until the battery life weakens more and more until you have a phone whose battery no longer works . We cant even talk on one of the phones more than half an hour now until it beeps to say charge battery , and one of them has a battery that is completely dead . None of this would be much of a problem if you could buy a new battery right ? Well they do not make a replacement battery for this phone so you are stuck with a really abd phone or going out and buying more again . This phone also does not have very far range distane either . We cant go in our garage , which is attached to the house , without it becoming scratchy .
 I would not recommend this phone . At least one other reviewer had the same problem I am having ... poor battery life . I have had this GE phone now for about a year and a half . The batteries on all three phones barely last for 10 minutes before they die and the call then cuts out . And do n't even think about using it as a speaker phone . The battery will die even faster .
 Do n't expect anyone to be able to understand you or for you to understand them while talking on this handset . If you want to sound like Charlie Brown 's teacher , this is the means by which it can be accomplished . The answering maching part works fine - I keep it just for that purpose .
 Description says it has `` all the most popular features . '' Wrong ! Only one handset can be used at a time -- no 3-way calling ! If you are on the phone with Grandma , the kids ca n't get on another handdset and talk with her . This is not spelled out in any of the promotional material -- it is only covered on the last page of the owner 's manual .
 I bought this phone thinking the GE name would mean a superior product , but after a brief usage , I put it back in the box and returned it.THE FORGETTING CLOCKMy biggest problem for me is that I live in Orlando , the lightning capital of America . During hurricane season , our power goes out -- even for 5 seconds -- several times a week . On this phone that means the clock resets to midnight Sunday . Setting the clock is a time consuming and annoying process where you have to hold the hour button while it cycles , hour by hour , from Sunday midnight until the hour you are . If it 's Saturday at 10pm , you 'll be waiting a while . Then you do the same with the minute button . -LRB- In fact , it was so time consuming to set the clock that I was n't willing to get the time right the first time ; why would I want to do it over and over again knowing my efforts would be in vain ? -RRB- THE TALKING PHONE . How do I say `` Stop talking ! I got it ! '' ? Another frustrating thing is that the phone assumes your power never goes out , so you will plug it in only once . Once you plug it in , the phone says -- loudly -- `` Press Review to hear setup instructions . '' Problem is , with 50 + power outages a year , I can assure you I do not want to hear that a foot from my head at 3am after a power outage!I do not know if the phone also loses it 's outgoing message after a power outage.WHAT HANDSET?I was willing to overlook those problems if the phone was of good phone quality , but that was not the case either . The first phone call I took I could not get the remote handset to work . Probably my own fault , but I could be forgiven because after several readings of the instructions , I could not find the one that told me how to do that.OH , YOU WANTED TO `` TALK '' TO THE PERSON?Since I could not get the remote handset to work , I raced to the base handset . But alas , I could hardly hear the caller . So I picked up my emergency phone -- the non-cordless one -- and could hear the caller perfectly.ONE SIZE FITS ALLFinally , as if the technical issues were not enough to sink this whole phone set , the instructions were very long . There was no `` First things first '' other than plugging in for 16 hours . For example , the first thing I would want to do after charging would be to teach the base to recognize the two remote handsets , but after a long review of the instructions , I could not find that . It 's in there I 'm sure , but where ? There were lots of instructions for advanced features I 'll never use , but the basics were buried.Overall , I ca n't find one positive thing about this phone set , and have already spent far more time on it than I ever wanted to .
 STAY AWAYI bought this phone because a good % of my life is spent on conference calls . The speakerphone quality is awful -- 70-80 % of the time I can barely hear the folks on the other end of the line even with the volume turned up all the way and my ear right up against the speaker .
 This phone is horrible . Before this phone , I had a panasonic cordless for like 10 years . It worked great , but the buttons began to fail . I wanted a cheap one , so despite the bad reviews for this product , I thought , `` I will be different . '' plus , it was very cheap . Well , it 's cheap b/c it sucks . There is constant static when I 'm using it , and changing the channels on it wo n't help at all . The speakerphone feature , which was the main reason I got this one , is awful . It is hard to hear the other person even when it 's on the highest volume setting . You have to hold the phone up to your mouth , which defeats the purpose of speakerphone ! I would return this phone , but returns are always a big hassle . And also , while I was getting a new phone , I would n't have use of a phone in my house . And also , it would cost like $ 10 to ship it back , and the phone is like $ 20 , so it 's pointless . In conclusion , do n't buy this phone . It 's a piece of junk .
 So ... if you 're on speakerphone and you click speakerphone again to disable it ... it hangs up . Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb ... On top of that - it makes constant background noise . Changing channel does not help.But ... it 's the phone I 'm stuck with . Once you remember not to hang up on people and you 're in the same room as the base , it works OK .
 I always like a phone with speaker option . . so I choose this as its from GE and it has 5.8 GHz thinking that it will b really great to use speaker as well as cordless together . . but when I called my friends with the speaker phone option they started complaining that the voice is not clear or its breaking very badly . . and this is still going on . . and im very disappointed with this . . i never took my phone very far from its base so it shouldnt give any prob but im having this prob other than this phone looks great . . features r little confusing . . as it donest have on/off or red/green button to rec also same button and to dissconnect also same button ... overall an average product not upto my expectation . . sorry !!!
 If you are looking for a good phone that is n't a good choice . Poor sound quality , you ca n't leave a room with the phone because you will lost the signal . Id call never works correctly , only identifies some calls.Really a garbage .
 I ordered this binder with the expectation that it would be `` full of '' women . Unfortunately , however , the binder came with no women inside . I found some women in the kitchen and asked them if they could come out , but , honestly , they did not fit . Avery needs to construct their binders better in order to more effectively fill them with women .
 I used to exclusively use Avery 3-ring binders in my training packet making . I decided to get these for my child due to past quality . After less than 2 months they are in pieces . They go from the desk to the locker and back . Never carried from the building and not abused . EVERY KID in her class has had them fall apart . Many opted for the easy open $ 12 version and the covers fell of before hers . Some kids are hard on things ~ mine is the exception to the rule but EVERY KID in the class has had the same issue -LRB- some sooner than others obviously from the care they take -RRB- . I made a comment to the teacher about cheap China stuff but he told me to look at the label inside the back cover -LRB- product of US -RRB- ... I am extremely disappointed that they have cut corners and lowered the quality of these binders and will look elsewhere next time I need binders . These did n't even stand up like I would expect the cheaper versions to . Shame on Avery for giving US workmanship a bad name !
 I use mine for school and it 's already falling apart ! I think I need a new binder and it 's just december ! Crappy !
 bought 6 , and 3 came broken all over the seems and 1 just a little ... decided to exchange for new ones and the new ones came broken as well . I am not sure if it is the packing or the product .
 I purchased this product at a local chainstore before the beginning of school . I am a college student taking 4 classes 2 days a week so I needed something that would hold a fair amount of paper for note taking , as well as class work and handouts . After less then 4 months of usage this binder has completely fallen apart . It holds a lot but what difference does that make when the vinyl cover holding it all together has come apart . Hopefully spending the extra few dollars on the heavy duty binder by Avery will provide better results for this coming semester of college . If you are only using this to sit on a shelf in an office then this binder will serve you well otherwise look for something designed for real use .
 I 've had this binder for less than 2 months and it 's already falling apart . It 's functionality is fine , but far less durable than what I needed .
 Bought two of these for my school age daughters . Both binder arrived defective . One had a ripped cover along the seam . The other had its white plastic cover askew along an edge . Returned them both for full refund . Good thing we are Prime members as both the shipment to us and back to Amazon was free and easy .
 These binders arrived , and upon inspection I discovered that the vinyl seams were all coming apart right out of the box . Both binders are falling apart and I have n't even put them into service yet .
 It 's very sad the junk some people have the guts to sell ! For this binder to work for storing documents I had to use alot of shipping tape ... disgusting and sorry !
 Where , oh , where can my binder be ? I bought this high class 3 '' binder that holds a huge portfolio to see if I was in it , but I was n't there . Am I in the middle class 2 '' binder that only holds a medium-sized portfolio ? Or am I in the bargain-priced , below poverty level 1 '' binder that you ca n't cram both a woman and a portfolio into no matter how hard or how long you work at it ?? I think I 'm entitled to more than the Economy View binder . If you find me in one of those binders , please ... I 'm begging you ... please let me out ! I yearn to get into a big , big , big binder that can hold a huge portfolio -LRB- and pay less tax on it -RRB- !
 Not reliable cordless phone system.Pros : Basic phones work ok most of the time.Intercom works.Cons : Distance is not exceptional.CALLER ID BECOMES Unusable - -LRB- display failure has occurred an ALL handsets -RRB- 1 handset hangs -LRB- becomes unusable -RRB- periodically and you must remove battery to reset.rubber plugs over phone jack are difficult to remove .
 Ordered these in November 2011 . One of the phones worked correctly . One had minor display problems . One had a little worse display but still readable . One charger did not work . Sent an email to the seller but received no reply . At this point , none of the displays work and two of the phones have dialing problems . I would not order from this person again due to not receiving a response . -LRB- Also had to order new batteries in order to test them although the package appeared new and unopened . -RRB- Within a short time , none of the phones were working .
 After a few weeks the phones started dieing one after the other . New batteries did not help . Display became unreadable and then stopped . Took last two phones and gave to the Goodwill Store .
 The phone displays do not have a clear display . The numbers and letters appear broken up . The batteries that came with the phone were already too old to work . So the phones did not charge . And when contacting the manufacturer thru Amazon ... I did not get a response . All in all ... I baught the phones as a gift cause I own the same ones and love mine but the ones sent thru Amazon were very poor . Didnt meet the new phone standard .
 I should have listened to the multiple other reviews that said this item has a defective display-shows either only a few dots or none at all , right out of the box . Unusable . I thought that was just a few isolated cases , but all 3 of the units I bought have this issue , just like many others said.It only seems like a good deal because the merchandise is defective . Waiting for the vendor to return my money . I thought I could trust the GE brand - but please , save yourself the hassle - DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM .
 The Ease of programming these phones was terrible . Each extension phone had to have the numbers entered in each phone separately and was very tedious . All phones had problems with the display becomming unreadable ... Sorry to say I had purchased two of these systems plus an extension , All have gone to recycling now . I would not recommend this product .
 The phones work great for a while . On two of my three phones the display has degraded to the point of being unreadable . The battery life on all three phones is now down to the point where it will start beeping the low battery warning within 15-20 minutes of use . I was happy with these phones until they started to have problems , which was probably about 1 year into having them . After 2 years they are close to unusable .
 Piece of crap . The batteries of all 3 phones die after about 15 minutes . And when they 're not dying from crappy batteries , they also lose connection and display `` searching ... '' . Do yourselves a favor , buy something else
 I ordered this phone because the picture is of the exact phone I was trying to replace -LRB- lighting strike -RRB- when I received the phone it was different . It is just the ordinary base and phones . NO ANSWERING Machine as pictured . Yes , I can read , however , I find it miss leading to have a picture of a different phone than you receive !
 I ordered this phone . The phone pictured has an answering machine , this model does NOT ! The description of the model is accurate though .
 I had my hip replaced and need a new left hip too , so I needed to be able to have a few phones handy.THE BATTERIES BEEPED ON 2 OF THE PHONES FROM THE START AND DIED IN A FEW MINUTES , was down to one phone ... then the batteries died on that one too ! I am so mad because I gave away my other single phone that I had for a few years and the battery still worked and was without phones at my side.I called the compamy , of course they were foreign , hard to understand and rude ! They said batteries are n't covered under warranty!I could never get the display to be readable ... digital dashes and parts of letters and parts of numbers ... I thought the battery power was probably just too low for that feature to work . Finally I get new batteries , cost me $ 19 , I paid $ 55 for the phones and charge the batteries and guess what ? ... the display is still illegible so I ca n't do any of it 's features and the caller ID , call fowarding , commference calling and everything is useless and I pay for those features and miss them.DON ' T BUY THIS PHONE ! DO N'T ... because after you go through all this you are stuck with them because if you do send them back to the factory you will have to be without a phone all that time and then it will probably come back still a piece of crap!I AM 54 YEARS OLD AND HAVE NEVER BOUGHT SUCH AN UNRELIABLE PRODUCT THAT ADDS TO MY MISERY ... IT WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE IF YOU BUY THESE ... you wo n't have reliable phones , will have to invest more $ in batteries -LRB- and how long will these ones last -LRB- 3 -RRB- before you will have to shell out more $ ! -RRB- and possibly have to live without being able to talk on the phone for more than a few minutes at a time and have to switch to another phone for a few minutes when they all start beeping on you ... and you will miss not being able to use all the features you pay for on your phone bill because you ca n't read the screen.When these batteries die I am smashing the phones into little bits . I am broke right now , lost my job because of my bad health -LRB- hip replacement needs , but if I had the money I would send them back to the factory with spit in the box , buy anything but G.E. , -LRB- never buy another General Electric product for the rest of my life -RRB- and if the phones ever come back from the factory ... see if they work for the hell of it , but give them away because I could never stand the site of them again after the endless hours , days and months of trouble and pain -LRB- getting up to answer the phone when I am ill -RRB- they have caused me.DON ' T BUY THESE PHONES , SAVE YOURSELF THE TROUBLE , BECAUSE PHONES ARE THE ONE THING YOU CA N'T DO WITHOUT WHILE THEY ARE AT A FACTORY WAITING TO BE REPAIRED OR EVEN WHILE YOU ARE WAITING FOR NEW BATTERIES AND REMEMBER YOU MAY NOT HAVE CALLER ID OR ANYTHING ELSE EITHER BECAUSE THE SCREEN MAY ALSO BE ILLE `` GIBLE!I AM GOING TO MAKE A CLUB ON FACEBOOK CALLED `` I HATE G.E. ... hope you do n't become a fan of that club because you did n't take my advice .
 This printer is a cheap hunk of junk . Arrived DOA . The so-called `` technical support '' -LRB- was n't all that technical , and would rather interrupt me that support me -RRB- was useless in resolving the issues . The `` latest '' drivers are over two years old , and still broken.If you can get it to work , it might be OK , but my experience is that you 'll get frustrated with the unit and the abysmal `` technical support '' first , and return it .
 For some odd reason , Kodak chose to make this paper 4x6 3/8 . So there will be one side with a 3/8 '' white bar . This is really annoying . Otherwise , the pictures do turn out with very good photo quality . So buy only if you do n't mind trimming the paper when you are done .
 This paper will leave you with a white band on top . If you are buying this to print borderless pictures ! Forget it ! Get the Canon paper instead ... I was very disappointed
 Bought the Kodak paper because of Kodak 's good reputation . Well , it 's overrated . This paper was horrible . Color clarity is just ok . At least 2 hours after we printed a picture , when we touched it , the ink was smeared . Near the edge of the photo , ink actually came off . HP and FujiFilm premium gloss paper worked 100 % better . I 've also tried the Epson paper which is good . Do n't waste your money on this paper . Print a great memory with another kind .
 it works well , but not as good as I expected , and it does n't have a paper tray to receive faxed sheets . The only advantage over my older one is that its smaller .
 the range is shorter than i expected , by far . there are irritating popping and crackling sounds when talking , when taking off the cradle , when dialing.mom has a motorola , shoulda taken that advice ... i am becoming less and less a panasonic fan ...
 I had high hopes for this phone , but it is terribly disappointing . It gets spotty reception even in the house when not in the same room as the base unit , and it is all but unusable in the yard . I have moved the base to several different locations in the house and done everything they recommend , but no change .
 this phone is by far the worst i 've ever come across , it 's poorly made , all the buttons do n't light up , the caller id display is too small to see and it is n't backlit . if you happen to have a computer connected to the same line , the phone picks up music . music so loud you can barely hear a dial tone over it . i hade to spend another twenty dollars on a RF line filter.id ' e send this one back in a heartbeat if i had kept all the boxes . do yourself a favor pass this one up !
 I just picked up this phone today and it pulls in two radio stations ! Advice for buyers in Manhattan
 Its an ok phone . The caller I.D. numbers when they call are way too small . I would ` nt buy this phone again . You can hear ok on it , but the caller i. d. is just too small .
 This phone has only one good feature , its large buttons . For people with trouble seeing close up , that 's important . However , should you decide to buy this phone because of vision difficulties , you 're out of luck trying to see the small alphanumeric screen . It 's just too dang little ! Great thinking , Conair!Add to that the fact that the phone loves batteries , and that the owner 's manual gives the wrong instructions on how to enter the setup menu -LRB- push the ERASE and the DOWN buttons together -RRB- and it 's clear that this was a poorly designed and supported phone .
 The title says it all - the display is pretty much illegible under day time or night conditions - you can adjust the contrast , but this only helps a little and the best contrast setting varies depending if you use the back light or not , or what the ambient light conditions are . So you have to enter the set up and change the contrast a lot , and it is still hard to read after playing with this adjustment . Worse display ever . Also , no real built in mic , so you either use earphones or hang this `` thing '' around your neck -LRB- the supplied portable speaker -RRB- . What would be nice is an audible built in speaker so you could hold it up to your ear and hear the phrase pronounced , and then try speaking it yourself . Handwriting recognition was also terrible . I do n't know how folks can say this is a good product - I guess its a matter of perspective .
 according the online manual is it possible to change the operational language to german but it is not possible out of this we are very unhappy with this product !
 Poor sound quality . I have 4 phones and except for the phone on the main base the others work sometimes , but most of the time say the phone is too far from base even when it is only 15 feet away . By listening to Consumer Reports Magazine I bought this phone , but now which I had n't . Volume issues are also a problem .
 I like the features that this phone has to offer . It 's really cool how you can check your messages directly from the phone . It 's pretty easy and comfortable to use , as well . However , literally 8 days after I received it one of the speakers stopped working . This resulted in me not getting a dial tone or being able to use it unless I use it on speakerphone . The speakerphone feature does not even work that well . Whenever I use it , I have to practically hold it up to my face or people complain that they can not hear me . I think that a product should definitely last more than a week without problems . We checked the owner 's manual and sure enough , this is a common problem . We called up Panasonic and they said that they would fix it , but we would have to pay the shipping back . How out of line is that ? I would not recommend this phone to anyone !
 Wow , was I relieved to see that the reviewer below had experienced a problem identical to my own . It does make me wonder what the folks at Panasonic are thinking by marketing this phone . There is something terribly wrong with it . I 've kicked myself many times for having purchased this system . Like the reviewer below , all of my handsets do the same thing . They cut out without warning . The voice at the other end of the line begins to fade and the next thing you know , you 're running to another room to pick up another handset . I 've been through the whole process described below of unplugging all of the handsets and removing the batteries and putting them all together again . Not fun . Then they will work for a short time and go right back to malfunctioning . After numerous conversations with Panasonic Tech Support I finally got fed up and said , where do I send these back . And I did send them and they were replaced under warranty . Duh , the replacement phones do exactly the same thing . Do not buy this model . Something is wrong in the design . You may get a good one , you may get one like mine . Not worth it . Destroyed my faith in Panasonic .
 I have 4 of Model kx-tga101s . There is a major problem with battery usage and power indicator . 2 of the 4 units are affected . They will always show 1 bar for remaining battery power . They will always cut out after just a minute or so of usage . Using fresh batteries has no affect . Swapping batteries with the good phones has no affect . If I take out the batteries in the bad phones they show to be fully charged in other devices.Bottom line
 My phones do not hold a charge . They beep and go dead after a few seconds even after being charged for 24 hours . Sometimes they ring for one long tone . In general , I am thoroughly annoyed at dealing with well known brands that do n't follow up with a decent product.I have tried the steps given by the reviewer that spoke to a Panasonic tech . No change : -LRB-
 Got this because it was advertised as `` markedly reduced interference '' ... it is not . Still have a lot of static .
 This phone stopped working after only a few months . It ruined every set of batteries that was put into it , even very expensive ones . Now it does not work at all , even when new batteries are put into it . This was a very poor investment.Panasonic KX-TGA101S Extra Handset with Charger for KX-TG1032S , KX-TG1033S , KX-TG1034S Cordless Phones , Silver
 I have this now as the remote to the base station . It 's started to not hold a charge . I figured the rechargeable batteries were weak . Replaced them for $ 6 but the problem persists . But since the replacement cost of JUST this remote station is nearly the cost of a new 2 set I 'll spend a few dollars more and get a brand new 2 set with new base and answering machine etc. . In fact all I think I need is the base w/o the handset so this price is completely out of whack
 I ordered the KXTG 1033S base with 5 handsets , and then purchased an additional KX-TGA101s handset for a phone system with 6 phones.Initially I thought the system was adequate , with some improvements over my old phone system , but some aspects that were inferior.When the system was just out of 12 month warranty , one handset just quit during a call . Swapped batteries with another handset , nothing ; cleaned contacts , tried the recommended reset , nothing brought it back to life , completely dead . Sent email to Panasonic tech support detailing the problem , and was given a response that had an 800 number to call to find the cost for a refurbished unit to be sent . Called the 800 number , got a non-human robot of the worst variety . If your unit is over 3 months old it shunts you to some corner of the menu system that wants to CHARGE YOUR CREDIT CARD to talk to a human about your technical problem . If you call back and give false information that your equipment is less than 3 months old , you can talk to a person who will then tell you that a replacement refurbished unit is out of stock but if it should become in stock in the future , it will cost you $ 6 less than a new one plus shipping , so , in other words , they wo n't help you even if the unit is defective . If your phone dies in a year , you are completely out of luck.Design Flaws :1 -RRB- when the speaker of the phone is held up to your ear , the sound is overly directional , so that it might sound like you have a bad connection , until you carefully move the phone so the speaker is exactly over your ear canal . I 've never had this problem with any other corded or cordless phone before , so there is something in the design of this phone that represents very bad engineering .2 -RRB- If you correct your phone book on one handset , it does not update the other handsets automatically . You do n't have a master list . You have to individually bring each phone near the base station and replete the sequence of copying the phone number list to each handset . If you have 5 or 6 handsets , this takes a while and is a major pain in the rear .3 -RRB- range is not very good . I have 20 year old cordless phones I bought for $ 17 that can receive the signal across the corn field , but this one fades out and disconnects when you get 20 feet outside the house . Maybe okay for the suburbs but defective design for people in rural areas that might have to talk while going to the barn or garage .4 -RRB- battery life is short . Several times I have been on an important conference call of a half hour and it just quits , the charge depleted .5 -RRB- awkward circuitous method of listening to answering machine messages from handset . You must go through a somewhat complicated set of menu button and scrolling steps to retrieve your answering machine messages from a handset . I do n't understand why such a common task could not be worthy of a dedicated button . Very bad engineering and shows a lack of planning and understanding of what is important to consumers .6 -RRB- No way to `` name '' handsets . With old uniden phones , you can give each phone a unique name `` kitchen '' or `` dining room '' etc. but with this system , you only have the numbers 1 to 6 , and so you have to remember the number for each room 's phone to use it as an intercom . Not much thought put into the design .7 -RRB- No way to call all the other handsets simultaneously . If you are in your office and want another person to pick up the phone , but do n't know which of the other 5 locations the other person might be in , you have to go through each handset sequentially by pushing the INTERCOM button and then a numeric key for that room . So you might have to repeat this 5 times before you find the other person . The correct way to do this would be to have all handsets ring simultaneously with a single button as the default , with the option of calling a single handset if necessary . Again , annoyingly bad design.I could have put up with this phone system and its quirks , but the horrible customer service , policies for defective units , and tendency to fail without warning have put me on a search to find a better quality , better designed replacement system .
 Boy was I excited to get the new wireless speakers . Sounded great , solved the problem of using the computer to be the `` radio '' . ... for about 4 hours then a little speaker rattle . No problem ... just lower the volume ... for about 1 hour . . then nothing . Argh!I have to say in the defense of the speakers that while they worked the sound was fine for my ears.Maybe this was a fluke , or maybe the issue is systemic . I dunno , I 'm waiting for replacements to find out .
 Purchased these phones based on reviews . When installed , there is no volume on the handsets . I purchased the Panasonic hands free headset , again based on reviews and you can barely hear the caller . Speakerphone allows you to hear better if you are about 1 foot away . Try another phone .
 Other reviewers must not receive outside calls intended for the whole family . DECT phones require an awkward procedure to allow a second person to join an incoming call . And more than one additional joiner is impossible even if you have several extension phones ! I 'm used to being able to just `` pick up the extension '' , and that 's a requirement these phones ca n't meet .
 I have had this phone for a couple of months . I assumed that each handset would recharge from a base , but they only recharge on the control or main base . I have to remember to switch out phones from one base to the next daily or they run out of battery.I also find that the controls from erasing messages , etc are n't user friendly . I would never purchase this phone again .
 The item was misleading on the web site.I thought it was a complete unit , but when received found out it was an auxiliary until and I required a mother base.I sent the unit back sent bought the right unit locally .
 i like nothing about it . would never buy anything panasonic makes. , they would have to give it to me and then i would be hesitant .
 I bought this phone about 6 months ago . The phone will simply go dead unpredicably -LRB- since day one -RRB- - and recenty started breaking up while on a call.This model is not worth the price - I would n't recommend this model even if offered for free !
 I initially bought the base unit with 2 chargers and 3 handsets . I liked the phones , but was having trouble with one charger not charging despite indicating that it was . I purchased phone batteries , thinking that might be the problem , but it made no difference . One charger was `` burned out '' despite cleaning the contacts , plugging , unplugging , etc. . I bought 2 more handset/charger sets , and within 3 months one of those chargers died , along with another of my original chargers . I now have 5 phones with only 2 functioning charger bases.I just spoke to customer service who told me that only the phones are warranted , not the `` accessories '' , which the chargers and cords are . He told me to go buy them on the website , that Panasonic would not stand behind the charger/cord product.I rarely write reviews , but this infuriates me and I want to warn buyers .
 After a few weeks use , phone garbled incoming voice mail so they were unintelligible and the display on one handset went dead . These breakdowns occurred at separate times so appear to be unrelated . Seller -LRB- 6ave -RRB- would not honor Amazon 's return policy even though my funds were paid to Amazon . Amazon 's policy would have allowed an exchange but now this must be dealt with through Panasonic 's warranty.Disappointed in both the phone and the seller 6ave .
 I bought my 1st set of phones and the problem I have is that while talking on a full charge the phone will make a beep beep beep then it will disconnect while I 'm talking to someone ... all my Panasonic KX-TGA1101s did this so I took the set back and exchanged it for the same model and these do the same thing ! All phones are charged completely and registered ... Panasonic help had no clue either as to why this not only happened with 1 sealed box set but 2 sealed box sets ...
 Poorly made , inexpensive chordless phone . Not user friendly at all . Hard to read LCD and short battery life . Would not recommend buying the Panasonic Dect 6.0
 These phones do n't provide a steady signal and cut off mid call . Often . It was surprising since the phone had such good reviews .
 bought the item but very disappointedthe features on the phone is very limitedit does n't have the capability to connected to the base . that 's why you going to see the massageyou are out of rage get closer to the base , even though you are about 15 ' awayand the sound is badbut it 's cheap : -RRB-
 We purchased this phone for home use some time ago and from the get-go it has made us long for the days of Ma Bell , when handsets actually worked and worked well . A hardwired problem is that you can only speak from one handset for each call , so if someone picks up one handset and the call is for someone elsewhere in the house , you have to take the phone to the second person to enable them to speak , but of course by then you are out of range from the handset 's base , so the person taking the call has to go to the original phone base , which is extremely inconvenient . -LRB- In other words , you ca n't just pick up an extension and talk from there . -RRB- And that 's when the phone is working . Frequently it rings -- and is answerable -- only from one of the bases -- never the one you are near -- and as often as not when you try to make a call it says `` charging '' and wo n't permit you to do so , even if the handset has been sitting in the base for days . We hate it so much I ca n't imagine purchasing another Panasonic product .
 I got these phones about 3 years ago and was disappointed from the first day . I should have gotten something else right away , but did not.My biggest gripe is that if your voice gets a little loud , the ear piece seems to cut out and you think the phone has gone dead , thus in the beginning I was doing a lot of `` are you still there ? '' Now I know it 's just a bad feature of the phone.I also have , as another reviewer has mentioned , that out of nowhere , you get a beep beep beep and your call is gone . You have n't done anything different but it happens . ???? At other times it wo n't show a caller ID . It will say incoming call and that 's it.Other times when the phone is ringing , I get one continuous ring for about 45 seconds straight . Very strange.All of the other features are standard like any other phone and are fine once you figure them out and get used to them.I would not buy these phones again and am currently looking for a new system , that 's how I wound up here ! Caio !
 This phone was just awful ! When we bought it , we kept being unable to get a dial tone , and frequent calls to tech service did not help . Each person I spoke to said the others did n't know what they were doing . I finally realized , after doing everything they said , that the phone was n't making contact with the base , and when that happened it wouldnt give a dial tone when we picked it up . You had to slam it into the base as many as 7 or 8 times to get it to contact . Then it would n't charge , or hold a charge . There is a remote `` locating '' tone , but that does n't work either , because it beeps more loudly at the base station than the phone does , so you ca n't hear the phone 's sound if they are both within hearing range . This phone was a complete waste of money .
 I had this phone , all the numbers rubbed off !!
 I cheaped out and got this answering machine for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- as a temporary until I got a better phone/answering machine . Boy , I guess price really does count . The look is ok , although big for a digital machine . It was easy to hook up . The machine has scarce features , which is expected in a low-end model . It has a blinking indicator to let you know that either you have messages or that your battery is low ; it 's up to you to determine which . It does n't have a way to erase messages ... they get erased when another message records over them . Not so great if you have something on your machine that you do n't want someone you live with to listen to . Finally , the big whammy ... . sound quality . It was horrible . It made me sound like I was in a fuzzy tin can . It went straight back into the box and is going back to store . I would n't recommend it for anyone .
 It looks nice , but does n't work nice . It seems like I 'm putting a new 9 volt battery in it every few weeks . Never could save messages and after playing a message , listen good and have your pen and paper handy because they get lost .
 This is a piece of garbage . The phone wo n't hold a charge for more than one call . I 've had it for less than two months . Do n't waste your money on these jerks .
 There is a lot of static with this phone and the charge does n't hold . Sometimes the conversations sound like your talking from inside a tunnel . We 're going to switch to digital . I wish I had noticed this was an analog phone when I bought it .
 Worked OK for just over a year then died . Voice quality lousy .
 I second the disposable answering machine description . It worked perfectly for two years ; now it is dead . I had no problem with the remote call function and thought it was a great value . Annoying things
 I have to say that I have hated most answering machines that we have owned but I especially hate this one . First , the light that indicates a message blinks way too slow . So , if you look at it quickly as you come in you do n't even see the flash and do n't know there is a message . Second , the remote access feature has never worked for me . Third , we have had this machine for about 6 months and it is already dead . Somehow it decided this past week to open the phone line and keep it open . I have no idea how long my phone was `` off the hook . ''
 This product worked great , considering its price . Then , after 3 months , it stopped working at all . Considering its price , I should n't have been surprised . I would recommend buying two , in case the first breaks .
 I 've had the machine about a month . I thoroughly read the instructions and have found that the remote call in does not work -- for me . I call form work and the machine wo n't . Further , after the machine is full , it stops working . The Save/Stop feature is the SAME button . So , you may not want to save a message , but you still have to push that button . I guess , since it seizes up after 10 messages , it does n't matter if you saved it or not . You have to erase all to help it to start again .
 Stay clear of this machine ... it is not user friendly -LRB- you even need a screwdriver to change the battery -RRB- , the buttons are not easy to use and many of them need to be operated in a way that , at first glance , does n't make sense and is not consistent with other machines out there . Forget about trying to use the remote answering feature without the owner 's manual handy . I got so frustrated that I threw mine in the garbage after a couple of weeks and bought another machine .
 In this case , I got this free then downloaded the manual from ConairPhone.com . This unit is cheap in both price and quality . It lacks some basic features which other `` cheap '' models have such as
 The most serious problem is that it sometimes does n't drop the phoneline properly after the caller hangs up . So the phone line is stilllive , which , after a few seconds , leads to that annoying `` If you ` dlike to make a call , please hang up ... '' message . No problem , Imanually unplug the phone line . But the answering machine stillthinks it 's recording a message , so it 's wedged . No way to switch itoff , play back the message recorded so far , nothing to do but topower-cycle it -LRB- both the A/C adaptor and the battery -RRB- . This , ofcourse , means the loss of all messages , including the last message , which you never even got to hear . This is really bad.Other problems are relatively minor
 My mother bought this unit for my elderly aunt for her new apartment . Not only is the unit non-intuitive and feature poor -LRB- even for a 72 - year-old schoolteacher -RRB- , but it refused to work once the power was restored after Hurricane Isabel . I suspect that it could not handle even the most minor voltage surge when the power came back on . The unit was so new the box was still sitting on her kitchen table -LRB- luckily -RRB- . I 'm going to shop for an inexpensive unit from a manufacturer with a proven track record of reliable phone products -LRB- Panasonic - loved everthing I 've ever owned of theirs -RRB- .
 I purchased the white version of this phone when it was on sale for $ 15.00 at amazon.com and the reviews were good . Unfortunately the phone has static on it when in use . Changing the channel or anything else does n't help . I guess I 'll have to send it back because it is basically unusable . None of the other reviews had mentioned this problem , so maybe it is a manufacturing defect rather than a design problem .
 I bought my SW Bell FF908 about two years ago . After owning it for 10 months it failed for no apparent reason . I sent it to Conair -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- for waranty repair . They sent it back with a fresh battery but still nonfunctional . -LRB- I guess they do n't read the problem description if the battery is old -RRB- . After I returned it again they sent me a replacement phone that worked fairly well for a year.When the battery wore out recently I looked in every store in town that carries cordless phone batteries but could n't find a compatable battery so I ordered a replacement battery from Conair . I unquestionably gave them the correct model number for the phone but they sent the wrong battery . When I called to request the correct battery , their computers were down and they told me to call back another day . I called back a couple days later and finally got them to send the correct battery . Now that I have a working battery again I have discovered that the phone does n't dial correctly . Most of the time I get silence or a `` wrong number '' recording when I use the FF908 to dial . The keys must be worn out.I suggest trying another brand if you are looking for an inexpensive cordless phone that will last -LRB- but not GE/Thomson
 We purchased this machine because it looked like it had all the features we wanted at a reasonable price . You know that old saying `` you get what you pay for , '' well we did ! It lasted about 1 month at which time it started acting strange . One day it just stopped recording messeges , the next day it would and so on . This lasted about a week , then it just locked up . We are looking for a new machine now . Maybe you 'll have better luck !
 This started out to be a good buy , but it only worked properly for three months . The small size and look are great . I also found it easy to use . Unfortunately , it has started cutting off all incoming messages after nine seconds . The manual states that it is suppose to allow for a sixty seconds message . After only three months of use we are forced to buy a new answering machine .
 This phone worked well for about a month . I travel a lot and it is very unreliable on the road . Twice in the past two months it has just shut off and deleted messages . Missed all my birthday calls ! Now the machine has just stopped working . Receives calls and shuts off after 7 seconds . This was a waste of money , even if it was n't expensive . Because now I have to buy a new one and for the two prices combined , I could have had a great machine !
 There is better stuff out there . Difficult to figure out how to use . Actually , impossible . Do n't buy this one .
 does anybody have a clue of what the dimensions are for this item ? Sure would be nice to know .
 I have owned this phone/answering system for about six months.The hand units look great and work great , have good range , calls are always very clear . The talking caller id is nice and has saved me fromgetting up to run to the phone on numerous occasions . The major flaws I 've found are as follows :1 -RRB- As noted in a previous review , the answering machine can not detect when the caller has hung up , which at our house happens a LOT . In this case the answering machine will record about 15 seconds of a message from the phone company `` If you 'd like to make a call , please hang up and try again , if this is an emergency please call 911 ... , then beep , beep , beep , beep ... '' ALL heard by us through the speaker on the base unit for about 15 seconds or until I run in there and hit the stop button . Then you have to delete the message . Extremely annoying.I find it very hard to believe this made it through Panasonic product testing .2 -RRB- There is no counter displayed for the number of messages recorded.Overall a good phone , but they really need to fix the hangup issue .
 It has a major flaw . A cheaper phone will show you how many messages there are . Thought that was standard . Gave as gift-this point is a source of aggravation . Otherwise very fine . Nice small footprint.Update
 I 've owned several wireless Panasonic phones and have always liked them in the past . This latest model changes that . It has all the features I was looking for . Voices are clear , reception is good , etc. . But it fails miserably in one important area . The answering system.The ansering system can not detect when the person leaving the message has hung up . Because of this it continues recording silence for about 10 seconds at the end of every message and then records about 3 seconds of annoying dial tone before finally deciding that the other party is n't going to think of more to say and hanging up.On top of that there are a few cosmetic issues that they 've failed to keep up to their old standards . Their old phones had a rubberized grip area that was secure in your hand . This phone has a slick plastic handset that slips easily . They also had an optional belt clip that made it possible to clip it on your belt and wear a headset so you could walk around while talking . That was very useful.Bottom line , I 'm returning this phone tomorrow and buying one made by somebody else .
 This phone is horribly tedious to program . It is really confusing and time consuming to get it up and running . I would not recommend this phone .
 This phone worked well for a while . Then the menu that deletes all the Caller ID history at once disapeared and now it forces you to delete each entry at a time - ludicrous . Then 6 months later the little caller-id screen starts going out and as a result the name & numbers no longer can be read in their entirety . So now it 's guessing , is that a `` 6 '' or is that an `` 8 '' ? Poor quality - works only if you do not want the caller id functions .
 First time you made a mistake , you send the wrong pens , wanted 0.5 , but recieved 0.3 , makes it very hard to figure out how to exchange .
 I thought I ordered the pens that the picture showed . Sadly not I received a completely different item . The pens I was sent we 're the Uni-ball signo gel impact 207 in blue . These pens are definately not what I was expecing or looking for . I think its false advertisement to list and product and send a completely different item .
 The product is great . Bold -LRB- 1.0 mm -RRB- point looks great on signatures and the 3 different colors allows for variation in the color . All in all a great product -LRB- plus Sanford satisfaction guarantee is a plus in case the product does not conform to expectations -RRB- . However , the seller , TNT Deals INC is not so good and the reason why I gave 1 star to the item ; after all the seller does influence the product experience ... The item was not ready for shipping for 3 business days after all the other items were ready and my shipment ended up being delayed due to this ...
 I bought this set of pens expecting them to write for a while before they dried up . One pen out of a dozen wrote , and then only for a short time . It 's like they had been out in the sun or something and just dried up . I have never shipped anything back to Amazon , but these I returned . I quickly got a credit for the return ; I was impressed with the speed of the return and the fact I did n't have to pay return shipping . Thanks Amazon for making good on a product that could have been a good one had it not been defective .
 Just like every other product floating around today , the makers of this pen have decided the ripping off their customers is a viable `` growth '' strategy.Notice how ice cream no longer comes in pints or half gallons ? That `` See and Say '' you bought for your kid is half the size and last half as long as the one you had as a kid ? Jimmy Dean sausages used to be packs of six , now they 're four . These pens are no exception . The previous Impact RT pen better balanced , made with better materials , had a viewing window to see how far down you ink was , etc.NOW , for the exact same price we are treated to a smaller , lighter pen , that feels cheap in the hand , is shorter than the original , and I 'll bet runs out of ink faster.It 's how companies can improve their revenues without all the hard work of making a better product or selling it to more people . These pens constitute an approx 30 % hike by being smaller , cheaper and running out of ink sooner . Yet they charge the exact same price.I wo n't buy 'em again because I resent my `` reward '' for being a years long loyal customer by being screwed . Shame . Loved these pens . Now they 're terrible .
 I have never run out of ink with one of these pens -- because they stop writing after using not half of the ink . I have many more than one and that has been my experience . The `` gel '' stops flowing to the ball . Expensive dud to me .
 I 'm not very picky when it comes to pens ; I just want something that 's reliable , something that wo n't skip every few words . I picked these pens because of the statement made by the manufacture `` Exclusive ink/tip technology produces the smoothest gel ink flow available '' . I bought some , and the pens skip and scratch badly . If it was only one pen I could write it off as a fluke , but as it is , these pens are the worst I 've ever used . I ca n't even write a short grocery list without going over and over half the words , it 's rather frustrating . I have some cheap 8 year old pens that write a lot better , and I 'll be tossing these energel pens in the garbage . If you do buy them , I hope you end up with much better pens than I did .
 I do n't know what all the other stellar reviews are about . When using this pen , there is a scratchy friction where the nib hits the paper . . like it is dried out or something . Also the ink flow is not smooth and it does not write properly without a lot of pressure at the correct angles . And so the search continues ...
 Product was what I wanted but the packaging was bad . Lost one of the pens in the shipment . Box that pen package was placed in collapsed in mail and opened . Sent e-mail to amazon but did not get response . Will not order this item from them again . So one star is for the package and delivery not the product .
 I love these pens and have difficulty finding them where I live , so I end up ordering them online . I was THRILLED to my very core to see the hugely discounted price for a dozen pens , and placed and order for two units . The pens were shipped the same day the order was placed and I received them the very next day . HOWEVER , instead of receiving TWO DOZEN pens , I received TWO pens and paid nearly $ 6 in shipping . I would not have made the purchase for just two pens . The item description is VERY misleading , and the price was changed within the 24 hours that I ordered the pens and received them . Buyer beware .
 Be careful on this one . I thought I ordered 6 twelve packs for a total of 72 pens . I got six pens , not even boxed . SupplyBuy.com was the seller . $ 22 and change . Bruce
 Smooth-writing pen with a broader tip -LRB- 1.0 mm -RRB- . Intense black ink that is fairly slow to dry on glossy paper.Worse failing -- and this is unforgivable -- is that it leaves messy black blobs when ruling a line -LRB- at the end on the line -RRB- . Not recommended.Update
 I recently ordered a box of 12 Uniball pens . This was advertised as a box of 12 pens and I only received 1 pen -LRB- not a box of 12 -RRB- in a large yellow legal sized envelope . This is false advertising . The pen that I received was not in any packaging and it was also just thrown into the envelope which was not water proof . Also , individual pens that are sold come in a Uniball package , but it seems that in this case , my `` one pen '' was taken out of the box of 12 and sent to me package free . Also , I noticed that when I went to purchase the product it was listed as a box of 12 pens for $ 3.47 -LRB- obviously too good to be true ; I should have known -RRB- and now when I click on the link from my purchase history , it is showing up as $ 18 for the box of 12 which is in contrast to my receipt . This is highway robbery . After the shipping costs , my total for my 1 pen was $ 9.03 . I can walk my butt to the nearest Staples , K-Mart , Costco , and Walmart to purchase 1 pen for far less than what they are charging . This is definitely a problem . Why would anyone pay $ 6.00 shipping for 1 pen ? They have gone mad ! I am not in a position where I can afford to throw away money , but clearly `` the man '' is trying to take advantage of struggling citizens liks myself . This corporate greed has got to stop ! I ca n't believe that it is legal to advertise a product one way and receive something completely different . I submitted a complaint and will wait to see how the seller and Amazon respond to my inquiry . Subsequently , the pen works great , but due to the false advertising I am not a happy customer.No wonder the Envelope felt so light . I definitely paid waaaaay more for the envelope -LRB- $ 5.56 -RRB- - the shipping costs were more than the 1 pen . I thought it was going to be worth it because it was advertised as a box of 12 , but boy the joke was definitely on me . What a friggin disappointment .
 I am really surprised that FLEXSUPPlY is allowed to sell on Amazon . I have been buying from amazon for a long time and this is the first time that I have encounter a seller like this . Do they think that people are not smart . I purchased 2 boxes of Uniball pens for 13.00 dollars and FLEXSUPPLY send me 2 single pens . How can they think that 2 pens will be this price . They probably do this thinking that some people would not follow up . This is a crooked practice and they should be band from Amazon . Do NOt buy from this seller. , Save yourself some stress . Ps I did get a refund and the same ad is still on this site . The ad should come down . No one would buy 2 pens for 13.00 dollars .
 I 'm not very picky when it comes to pens ; I just want something that 's reliable , something that wo n't skip every few words . I picked these pens because of the statement made by the manufacture `` Exclusive ink/tip technology produces the smoothest gel ink flow available '' . I bought some , and the pens skip and scratch badly . If it was only one pen I could write it off as a fluke , but as it is , these pens are the worst I 've ever used . I ca n't even write a short grocery list without going over and over half the words , it 's rather frustrating . I have some cheap 8 year old pens that write a lot better , and I 'll be tossing these energel pens in the garbage . If you do buy them , I hope you end up with much better pens than I did .
 I do n't know what all the other stellar reviews are about . When using this pen , there is a scratchy friction where the nib hits the paper . . like it is dried out or something . Also the ink flow is not smooth and it does not write properly without a lot of pressure at the correct angles . And so the search continues ...
 Product was what I wanted but the packaging was bad . Lost one of the pens in the shipment . Box that pen package was placed in collapsed in mail and opened . Sent e-mail to amazon but did not get response . Will not order this item from them again . So one star is for the package and delivery not the product .
 I read the reviews here and I wonder if they could possibly be talking about the same pen . I take my pretty colored pen from the pack , take off the little wax covering at the end and it writes beautifully . The next day I try to use it again and nothing . No amount of scribbling on the page will get it to write again . This happens to every pen in the pack . What secret does everyone else know that I do not ? Other than giving the pen to an enemy to run with in the hope he will put an eye out , I do n't see any use for this product .
 Order 2 12-packs of these pens from the Gile company , but I only received 2 pens ! I 'm sorry , but these pens are not worth ~ $ 10 for 2 . I sent an email to Gile Customer Service and am awaiting their response . If it is favorable I will update this comment . ***** Update ***** Gile Toys has contacted me regarding this complaint and explained that this was an issue with Amazon misrepresenting their product . They made appropriate amends with me regarding this order .
 This pen is extremely uncomfortable to use . It has a fingergrip that actually interferes with holding the pen and writing with it . The fingergrip is 3/8 '' shorter than the fingergrip on the uni-ball Grip , when measured from the point of the pens . It also has this odd tip that uni-ball uses on some of its pens . And it does n't give a smooth , even line as you write . So , it cost me $ 10 to find out I hate the pen , plus I 'm stuck with five pens I 'll never use . I strongly recommend that you not buy this pen .
 The pens are not at all balanced and the ink is very light . The pen feel very cheap . I expected a much better coming from the Pilot brand and the amount it cost
 I 'm going to go out on a limb and go against the other two reviews on this pen.I find it distinctly uncomfertable to write with , the little circular bands -LRB- that u can see at the bottom of the pen -RRB- where you grip to write are rough on fingertips . If you need to do alot of writing , this is not the pen for you.However on the plus side , the ink is a bright color that takes a long time to fade .
 I ordered a 12 pack , instead they sent me 2 pens . I am very disappointed by this and will not purchase from them again.I would advise anyone who purchases from them to not expect the quantity that they ordered .
 Just got my replacement Expo 7-Piece Low Odor Dry Erase Organizer Kit today . The first one was crushed in transit , and the tray was so badly damaged that it would not hold the pens anymore . Of course , that 's Amazon 's fault for shipping it without padding , not Expo 's , and to their credit , Amazon sent a replacement immediately.That 's not why I 'm writing this review . I 'm writing because I now have an almost undamaged organizer tray . I say `` almost '' because I can now see that the plastic tray is so flimsy that just about any bumping during shipping is going to damage it . One corner is slightly crushed and the plastic is literally torn -- it 's that thin . If the plastic was any thinner , you could use it to wrap sandwiches ! I 'm not kidding , I 've received plenty of items from Amazon where the product 's packaging plastic was thicker and more durable than the plastic this tray is made of . My suggestion , buy whatever pens you like , but do n't pick this product because you think the tray will be handy . If it survives shipping , it will probably be ruined from simply pulling the pens out and putting them back a few times .
 You would think that Dry Erase markers would erase from your white board . Think again , I just spent 1/2 hour scrubbing my hardest with `` Expo 2 White Board Cleaner '' and I am very much regretting my purchase of this product .
 I bought this product November 2009 and got my package today . It was 12 expo markers , no kit , no cleaner and no eraser . I called -LSB- ... -RSB- about it because that 's who ships it and they said the wrong picture was on amazon.com . I told them that was weird because other reviewers obviously got the right thing as reflected in their reviews . He said basically they do n't sell that any more and just have n't changed the picture to reflect that . Well that 's just great . Now I 've got a freaking package in the mail that has to go back . What a pain in the butt . Horrible customer service ! Will never buy from -LSB- ... -RSB- again !!
 I loved these pens . They are so comfortable and write so nicely ; my preference is an extra fine point blue ink and these G-2 05mm extra fine points were my favorite by far . I used them for years and bought them by the box of 12 . Until about a year and half ago and something happened to the way they are made and the extra fine point pens would suffer loss of ink flow from the start of use . I tried heating the tip , shaking them downward , every trick I could think of , but to no avail . I went through 2 boxes and several individual 3 packs over a period of a year and a half -LRB- so I know it was not a short-term one-batch problem -RRB- and no luck , they just would not write . Very frustrating as I have not found any extra fine gel ink pen as comfortable . I would say their motto now is `` feels great , does n't write for beans . ''
 I conducted a Great Pen Review a few months ago , in which I purchased a 12-pack of the following 0.5 mm pens and distributed them to friends and family for evaluation : Pilot Precise V5 Stick Rolling Ball Pen , Micro Point , 0.5 mm , Black Barrel/Ink -LRB- 35334 -RRB- , 12-CountPentel EnerGel Liquid Gel Pen , Fine Needle Tip , Blue Barrel , Black Ink , Box of 12 -LRB- BLN15-A -RRB- Pilot G2 Retractable Gel Ink Roller Ball Pen , Extra Fine Point , Clear Barrel , Black Ink , 12-Count -LRB- 31002 -RRB- uni-ball 207 Retractable Micro Point Gel Pens , 12 Black Ink Pens -LRB- 61255 -RRB- Sharpie Pen Fine Point Pen , 12 Black Pens -LRB- 1742663 -RRB- The overall favorites were definitely the V5 and the EnerGel . The EnerGel was generally preferred by those who liked a higher ink flowrate , while the V5 was preferred by those who liked a lower flowrate . First impressions of the Uniball 207 were quite good , but occasionally these pens drew the ire of my reviewers when they stopped writing seemingly randomly with large volumes of ink still remaining . The Sharpie pen , while better than expected , feels like a marker -LRB- because it is -RRB- and does n't have wide appeal.The Pilot G2 was scratchy and terrible all-around ; this appears to be a problem with the 0.5 mm tip size , as I have heard great things about the G2 0.7 mm . Sometimes the ink delivery would slow to a crawl , and other times it would stop completely ; sometimes it would then return to normal later , other times it stayed broken . Dropping or exposing the pen to the ` real world ' in any way increases the probability that it is bound for an early grave.There are some truly fantastic pens out there - see especially the Precise V5 and the EnerGel - so there is no need to spend money on one with this many issues . If you really love the G2 design , perhaps try out the 0.7 mm instead - the tip is n't as fine as I require , but at least it does n't have the ink delivery problems that this pen does .
 I wrote a letter , I sat the letter down , 10 minutes , by the door . When I was getting ready to leave , I noticed that I splashed some water on the letter , when I was washing my hands . The drops of water blurred the words it landed on . Not sure how long you have to wait for ink to dry , but 10 minutes , I would think to be long enough?The pen writes ok , with a few ink skips here an there . The pen handle is sturdy for my hard-writing style.Nice Pen , but the Ink is the soul , I would think that is what the company that makes these would aim for quality for .
 I received my pens about a week ago . The pens are very comfortable to use , and since my writing is so large , fine point makes it really look nice . There is , however , a big BUT in there . If for any reason the pen falls , even on a rug , it breaks . I 've had cheap pens , which these are not , last longer . I 'm very disappointed with Pilot for making a pen so poorly .
 I bought these pens from Staples , not Amazon , but I felt compelled to let shoppers know that they are terrible . They create a fine line when writing but most of what you write does n't show up due to the poor performance of ink delivery . I will stick with the brand `` Foray '' gel ink pens . they are great .
 While searching for a pen to write with one day I stumbled upon an old Pilot G2 pen I forgot I had . I loved it . It wrote smoothly , without skipping , and put down a nice , solid dark line . When the ink got closer to the bottom I decided to purchase some ink refills.The difference is night and day . With the new ink refill the pen writes scratchily and seems to tire my hand out more while writing . Plus , the ink quality is not the same . In a side-by-side comparison with the old ink , the new one is not quite as dark and there 's a subtle smear line through each ink stroke . Rather than a completely smooth line.It seems like the quality for a lot of pens and pencils have been decreasing over recent years . I 'm sad to say that it appears Pilot G2 pens have followed in this same trend.On another note , I have found that Pentel Energel pens write similarly to the way the old G2 's did . However , I think the pens themselves are ugly . But that 's maybe a minor trade-off to some .
 I 'm a medical student so I take lots of notes and I like to use different colors to help me outline topics and draw my eyes to certain areas for quick review . The Pilot G-2 pens have GREAT colors , and they write smoothly.But I do not know how people can say they are water resistant and smear proof . I 'll carry notes in my backpack with a coffee or a bottle of water and a few drops of liquid gets on my notes or flashcards . Or I 'm just studying at my desk and some water drops get on them . What happens ? wherever the water runs is totally illegible , it 's like this is washable ink and any liquid washes it out . That 's no good for me because I need my notes to review long-term . Now I 'm looking for normal ball point pens that write as smoothly as these but wo n't run with water .
 I read the product information for this and thought they were .7 -LRB- medium point -RRB- . When they arrived , they were fine point . There are some discrepancies between my current pen and the ones I received . I think these are not real Pilot brand pens . I would not order again .
 The item I thought I was bidding on was the whole package of markers , but in reality it was just 1 expo marker ! I was very sad :-LRB- It says colors on the bottom and I thought , with a sale price $ 19 off of the original price , that it was not referring to just one marker . Who would buy just 1 marker for the original $ 20 + amount listed ? Be careful !
 I was very disappointed with this product . The image shows a set of 6 markers various colors with an original price of approx . 20.00 yet all you reciece for your money is a single black marker . and they charged me over 7.00 to ship one marker . I will never order from this company again.Very very bad deal and the ad is very decieving .
 I was glad to find a bundle of multiple Pilot G2 Retractable Extra Fine in blue . They are often hard to find in extra-fine point in stores.These are my favorite pens to use , and I always have one in my pocket . They are a good balance between scratchiness and runniness . I am able to take 3 months worth of notes per pen as a full time student , which is pretty good value.My biggest issue with this particular purchase was that I had so many pen failures . Out of a pack of 12 , I have had 4 or 5 pen tips break on me within the first few weeks of use . Why that is , I can not be sure of . It certainly is n't the way I use them because I am only taking notes , not jotting or scribbling with great force . I am forced to replace just the tip with previous tips from cartridges that have run out of ink . Of course this does not always work , and I am left with a wasted cartridge . I hope the next set is more acceptable .
 The marker color is blue , but actual color is green and it is hard to erase what is written on a white board . Also it has strange smell when you use it . Such kind of bad product should not be allowed to sell on Amazon .
 This item is a disappointment , I have never seen a legal pad that contained staples , but these pads did . As I was sending this to a young man who is incarcerated , he was unable to receive the $ 25 + order I had sent to him . I wish I had known that in advance . I send many paper orders to those incarcerated .
 I use my white board daily and these markers are just not bold enough to see more than 6 inches away from the board . The company 's customer service department was excellent in responding to my complaint . I do n't think I got a `` faulty set '' , I believe that the markers just are n't dark enough for my use .
 They havew been replaced with poor quality markers as boone was bought out . Not worth a dime
 I did not receive the markers I ordered ! I ordered the Boone markers pictured , but received Quartet markers - much lower quality ; very faint & impossible to see from across the room -LRB- actually nearly impossible to see when you 're nearby -RRB- . I 'm very disappointed as I really like my old set of Boone markers . I was trying to replace them as the orange marker is finally dying . Do n't waste your money on these !
 I used to use these on my dry erase calendar . The tips were very large and it was difficult to fit a lot of print in each square . Some of the colors were also too pale to be visible . I replaced them with these markersExpo Vis-A-Vis Wet Erase Markers , 8 Colored Markers -LRB- 16078 -RRB- and am much happier . Those have a nice fine point tip with strong , bright colors .
 Product is not as advertised - 5 colors , not 6 . The marker that has an orange cap actually writes red just like the red one in the pack . So you do n't get the 6 colors you paid for.The tips are fine , and they write fine .
 I would like to have BOONE dry-erase makers but they sent me with QUARTET dry-erase markers , that is not what I want .
 I purchased the German model of this . The display was not readable and it crashed often . Ectaco customer `` service '' was awful , and they are charging me shipping and restock fees even though the unit was defective . Buy another brand .
 I purchased Etaco products and had some simple queries.The offered to give me some advise for a fee . Can you believe it . I have tried and tried to get on to them repeatedly with no response . Save your money and do not buy any of their products . their after sales service is nil out of 10
 I love the black markers by this company , but these arrived completely dried out . Amazon sent a replacement -LRB- which was great -RRB- but the new ones were n't much better . They were completely dried out within 2 weeks . Avoid .
 The markers are already dry when I received it . I tried shaking it before using , but still it only lasted a few minutes before it 's completely dry . I went through 6 markers in less than 1 hour .
 As a previous reviewer said , you get a box of twelve , three markers each of four colors . No orange and no grape which were two of my favorite flavors .
 When I received the EXPO scented chisel tip markers there were twelve in the box but only four colours . I had thought there were to be eight colours and four black ones . Hope no one else gets caught on this .
 BE CAREFUL ! The description is misleading . The charge is NOT for a box of a dozen as it says , but for a single marker . I thought I 'd found an amazing deal , but ended up having to have my purchase money refunded when I got ten markers instead of the ten dozen this page and my purchase order indicated that I had bought .
 Do n't buy this if you are expecting a 2 + inch rule down the left side -LRB- e.g. a wide rule , a legal pad -RRB- . These have no rule whatsoever . Just a yellow pad with horizontal lines . Fail .
 The CEO of our company uses this pad faithfully in his personal portfolio . He loves it because of the density of the pages , no bleed through from his rollerball pen . However , after searching for the Ampad legal pads to re-stock , I thought I would `` look around '' for a better price . I was disappointed to find out they are much higher here , instead of Quill office products where I usually purchase them . I will go back to Quill , there price is much better .
 Was not what I thought I ordered . I wanted 3 x 5 Post Note addhaive index cards for heavy use duty use .
 I thought I was purchasing 3 X 5 Post-It Note Pads with `` lines '' ... . I guess I should have known the definition of `` Original Pad '' ... Additionally I would have thought each pad would have been wrapped individually ... . but no ... . they were all just put in a shipping envelope loose ...
 This item was shipped taken off a shelf and a USPS label was slapped on the back . No box , cover etc. . Arrived torn and bent . Cost me almost $ 5.00 to have it shipped to me in that condition and now I have to pay return postage to mail it back ! Putting it in the garbage and calling it a lesson learned . Very Disappointed !
 Arrived pretty bent up and dog-eared . Poorly packaged and probably handled roughly in delivery . Not the quality that I paid for . Go to Office Depot ; better deal by far .
 I purchased this item without examining it in a store , thinking there was nothing to see . Wrong . The back side of these `` page markers '' is white . That means - all - the colors look the same from the back , so if you use a color scheme for some research project , you wo n't find it as easy or quick to move around in a heavily-flagged book.UPDATE
 My business uses a lot of these sign stickers . When I saw the Amazon ad for 4 packages for $ 9.50 I ordered it . Turns out you get one package for $ 9.50 . My local Office Depot and Office Max sell one package for $ 4.00 . Watch the fine print and buy at a better price .
 I did n't realize how small these were ! I guess that is my fault , but had I realized the size I would n't have paid that much
 Needed something to get to $ 25 for free shipping . Description did not say how many sheets in a pad . I would have guessed 100 or more per pad . Turns out there are only 50 per pad . Interesting the the picture also blanks out the description on the bottom of the pack that gave this information . DO N'T BUY THIS FROM AMAZON AT THE $ 3.99 PRICE . You can get two or three times the number of sheets for half the price elsewhere .
 You would think a pad of Post-its would be the same , whether you got it in a pack of 6 , 12 , or 24 , right ? Wrong ! The pads in the 6-pack are only 300 sheets , significantly smaller than what I think of as a normal pad , which is probably more like 500 or 600 sheets . The price per pad for the 6-pack was much better than for the 12-pack or 24-pack , now I know why .
 I was disappointed because I was expecting to get larger flags and they are about the size of a large paperclip .
 This product is terrible . The flags do n't have enough adhesive to stay put and if you have more than one set of documents they 'll move around and get caught on other papers . You definitely ca n't reuse them like you can the Post-It brand flags . The clear film that holds the flags will slip out of the dispenser and defeats the one-handed point of the dispenser since you have to hold the film taught to press out a flag . I strongly recommend against purchasing this product .
 The description is misleading . It says `` Four pads '' but these pads are really thin and have about half the number of post its as the usual size pads . Nowhere in the description does it state how many sheets are in each so I just assumed these were the standard size pads you get everywhere . These are really equivalent to 2 pads you buy in the store .
 These notes must be from a bad batch . They wo n't stick to anything . Whatever I put them on they just fall off . I suggest looking at other `` copy cat '' brands , or be prepared to use tape with these .
 The picture on this ad clearly states that it has 1400 pages meaning 100 per pack . So how can it be that there are only 50pgs per pack ? Is it 1400 or only 700 ? That 's a HUGE difference . And if the packs are `` half-sized '' like many ppl are saying then it is a big hairy LIE !!
 This would stay `` stuck '' for the life of me ... I finally threw it away after having to restick it every two minutes ... it was becoming a driving hazard.Also , too large . Pen slid out all the time too so that was always on the floor and rolling under the seat.Do Not buy this product .
 Perhaps others do n't live in hot places like Texas but all of my clips here melted in the summer rendering them useless .
 I thought I was purchasing 3 X 5 Post-It Note Pads with `` lines '' ... . I guess I should have known the definition of `` Original Pad '' ... Additionally I would have thought each pad would have been wrapped individually ... . but no ... . they were all just put in a shipping envelope loose ...
 An order was placed for post it pop up notes for a desk top dispenser . The wrong item was shipped twice , forcing me to purchase elsewhere .
 I was expecting 1200 original notes on 3 x 3 . Instead , all are yellow and blank.How am i supposed to be inspired or learn my word of a day from blank pages .
 I thought I was purchasing 3 X 5 Post-It Note Pads with `` lines '' ... . I guess I should have known the definition of `` Original Pad '' ... Additionally I would have thought each pad would have been wrapped individually ... . but no ... . they were all just put in a shipping envelope loose ...
 I thought I was purchasing 3 X 5 Post-It Note Pads with `` lines '' ... . I guess I should have known the definition of `` Original Pad '' ... Additionally I would have thought each pad would have been wrapped individually ... . but no ... . they were all just put in a shipping envelope loose ...
 Was not what I thought I ordered . I wanted 3 x 5 Post Note addhaive index cards for heavy use duty use .
 I bought six of these binders for my middle school children . The fronts shear off the spine in a matter of about one to two weeks . I 've given one star because it opens easily , but that 's it . If you want something that lasts , look elsewhere .
 Ran out of ink after 10 Christmas cards ! The ink was ok a little light and difficult to read so wo n't buy again !
 1000 sheets of paper put in a bag twice the size of the paper . All 1000 sheets loose . Delivered all bent up and damp . Ca n't believe it .
 The picture on this ad clearly states that it has 1400 pages meaning 100 per pack . So how can it be that there are only 50pgs per pack ? Is it 1400 or only 700 ? That 's a HUGE difference . And if the packs are `` half-sized '' like many ppl are saying then it is a big hairy LIE !!
 The description is misleading . It says `` Four pads '' but these pads are really thin and have about half the number of post its as the usual size pads . Nowhere in the description does it state how many sheets are in each so I just assumed these were the standard size pads you get everywhere . These are really equivalent to 2 pads you buy in the store .
 These notes must be from a bad batch . They wo n't stick to anything . Whatever I put them on they just fall off . I suggest looking at other `` copy cat '' brands , or be prepared to use tape with these .
 As i 'm shopping for post-its , i 've noticed quite a few of these item descriptions neglect to describe either the number of pads per pack or the number of sheets per pad . I 've seen the same shopping for these items in the store , so it 's no slam on Amazon . Just makes for a frustrating shopping experience .
 We need to warn people here . The binder will hold 128 , but they do n't supply the means for you to do it . They start you off with 5 pages , you 'll have to buy the rest . Thanks .
 I bought two of these binders . The pictures make this product look beautiful . Unfortunately , the picture does not live up to the reality . The faux-gold filigree is cheaply applied and rubs off easily . The decoration on the front of the book is not even centered . The durability of the binders is questionable . And in case you miss it in the product description , only 5 sheets come with these binders and you have to purchase any additional sheets needed . Overall , these binders are certainly not worth the listed price . I do not recommend this product .
 I ordered the CD binder thinking I could give it as a christmas gift . It was the cheapest quality `` notebook '' I have ever seen . It did not hold 128 CDs . It held 20 , but I had the option to buy more inserts if I wanted . The five inserts that came with it were cheap plastic . I knew that it was supposed to be `` leather like '' , but basically it was a three ring binder with a poorly adhered contact paper cover . I do not recommend this at all .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 This item is so poorly made that by the time I received the item the corners looked as if the plastic chipped off of them . Almost as if it could n't handle the slight banging received during shippement . And it could n't have been the shipping that was horrible because the cardboard that the plastic covers were n't banged up ... its like a mouse got hubgry took a few bits of the plastic and found something better to chew on once it got the plastic . I am returning them and doubt I 'll ever even consider buying this brand again.I 've seen cheaper for far better quality .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 This item is so poorly made that by the time I received the item the corners looked as if the plastic chipped off of them . Almost as if it could n't handle the slight banging received during shippement . And it could n't have been the shipping that was horrible because the cardboard that the plastic covers were n't banged up ... its like a mouse got hubgry took a few bits of the plastic and found something better to chew on once it got the plastic . I am returning them and doubt I 'll ever even consider buying this brand again.I 've seen cheaper for far better quality .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 This item is so poorly made that by the time I received the item the corners looked as if the plastic chipped off of them . Almost as if it could n't handle the slight banging received during shippement . And it could n't have been the shipping that was horrible because the cardboard that the plastic covers were n't banged up ... its like a mouse got hubgry took a few bits of the plastic and found something better to chew on once it got the plastic . I am returning them and doubt I 'll ever even consider buying this brand again.I 've seen cheaper for far better quality .
 so i ordered one of these ridiculously expensive binders hoping that i could find a binder that was big enough and durable enough to last one whole semester . the other binders of this brand were highly rated , i knew a d ring would n't come apart like an o ring and the stupid thing is $ 16 . that said , it arrived in almost sadder condition than my current $ 2 binder is after a semester of being carted around and shoved full of paper . the cover was pulling away from the binding and the vinyl had peeled back over the tear to reveal the cardboard . the top of the binding also had gaped open , revealing cardboard AND the edge of the OTHER cover was gaping . what . the . crap.the design for the inside flaps was so good too , looks like it will hold papers without them flying everywhere * if * i could trust the vinyl to stick together . honestly , i would have kept it if i had not paid $ 16 for it .
 This item is so poorly made that by the time I received the item the corners looked as if the plastic chipped off of them . Almost as if it could n't handle the slight banging received during shippement . And it could n't have been the shipping that was horrible because the cardboard that the plastic covers were n't banged up ... its like a mouse got hubgry took a few bits of the plastic and found something better to chew on once it got the plastic . I am returning them and doubt I 'll ever even consider buying this brand again.I 've seen cheaper for far better quality .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 so i ordered one of these ridiculously expensive binders hoping that i could find a binder that was big enough and durable enough to last one whole semester . the other binders of this brand were highly rated , i knew a d ring would n't come apart like an o ring and the stupid thing is $ 16 . that said , it arrived in almost sadder condition than my current $ 2 binder is after a semester of being carted around and shoved full of paper . the cover was pulling away from the binding and the vinyl had peeled back over the tear to reveal the cardboard . the top of the binding also had gaped open , revealing cardboard AND the edge of the OTHER cover was gaping . what . the . crap.the design for the inside flaps was so good too , looks like it will hold papers without them flying everywhere * if * i could trust the vinyl to stick together . honestly , i would have kept it if i had not paid $ 16 for it .
 This item is so poorly made that by the time I received the item the corners looked as if the plastic chipped off of them . Almost as if it could n't handle the slight banging received during shippement . And it could n't have been the shipping that was horrible because the cardboard that the plastic covers were n't banged up ... its like a mouse got hubgry took a few bits of the plastic and found something better to chew on once it got the plastic . I am returning them and doubt I 'll ever even consider buying this brand again.I 've seen cheaper for far better quality .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 so i ordered one of these ridiculously expensive binders hoping that i could find a binder that was big enough and durable enough to last one whole semester . the other binders of this brand were highly rated , i knew a d ring would n't come apart like an o ring and the stupid thing is $ 16 . that said , it arrived in almost sadder condition than my current $ 2 binder is after a semester of being carted around and shoved full of paper . the cover was pulling away from the binding and the vinyl had peeled back over the tear to reveal the cardboard . the top of the binding also had gaped open , revealing cardboard AND the edge of the OTHER cover was gaping . what . the . crap.the design for the inside flaps was so good too , looks like it will hold papers without them flying everywhere * if * i could trust the vinyl to stick together . honestly , i would have kept it if i had not paid $ 16 for it .
 The planner I was sent was not the one in the picture . When I told them they sent the wrong product , they told me they 'd charge me to ship it back . Unbelievable .
 This cart is NOT worth the money . Too bad too because it is a good arrangement & size of drawers for scrapbook materials . Can not find anything comparable in arrangement of drawers.Mine arrived with a broken drawer . Then the drawer inserts did n't fit together or fit into the drawers correctly ... had to sand the ends down to make them fit properly.Then after using it for a month , the wheels started to break ... very cheap wheels . Had to go to HD and improvise to put some new wheels on it.The only thing sturdy about the cart is the metal frame .
 so i ordered one of these ridiculously expensive binders hoping that i could find a binder that was big enough and durable enough to last one whole semester . the other binders of this brand were highly rated , i knew a d ring would n't come apart like an o ring and the stupid thing is $ 16 . that said , it arrived in almost sadder condition than my current $ 2 binder is after a semester of being carted around and shoved full of paper . the cover was pulling away from the binding and the vinyl had peeled back over the tear to reveal the cardboard . the top of the binding also had gaped open , revealing cardboard AND the edge of the OTHER cover was gaping . what . the . crap.the design for the inside flaps was so good too , looks like it will hold papers without them flying everywhere * if * i could trust the vinyl to stick together . honestly , i would have kept it if i had not paid $ 16 for it .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 For the price I thought this was going to be a much higher quality binder . It is actually very average . Do not buy this . Shop around and find a better price.I actually chose to buy this particular binder because , in the picture , it has a V-shaped piece of plastic that presses against the first page . However , the binder I received did not include this piece . I am disappointed by that .
 Paid a premuim price for an average product . Rings came out of alignment on day one and papers fell out . Not impressed . I could have gotten that from a cheap discount store brand .
 Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty . Fail . The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder . In less than two weeks of heavy use -LRB- a communication log for 25 staff -RRB- the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation . Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring .
 The CD-5638 Bag does not have pockets per Amazon decription - `` Store or transport three packs of borders in each of five clear plastic 37 '' x 4 '' pockets - 15 total ! '' . Also , it does not measure `` Overall 38 '' x 25 '' . It is actually 30 '' x 24 '' . I think this is the same bag as the `` Deluxe Bulletin Board Storage Pocket Chart '' which is significantly cheaper .
 Not only was this not very inexpensive but it fell apart on me allmost as soon as I received it . I would not recomend buying this to anyone .
 This system is NOISY ... the base unit clicks & buzzes everytime a call comes in and we have found no way to turn off the talking ID ... after following the instructions to the letter , it still tells you who is calling . But the main objections is the NOISE that comes from the base unit . If it were not such a hassle , I would return the whole thing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The phones are nice but we have a problem in that we can hear conversations , or at least noise , from the base when someone is talking on one of the other handsets . It is intermittent but quite annoying when it happens . I wrote Panasonic and they said to reset the base which did n't help . You should be aware that Panasonic only replaces defective phones with refurbed ones . Good thing I bought from Amazon which will replace them with a new one . I hope this is a defect and not just how the phones work.I got brand new phones from Amazon and returned the old ones . These work the same so I guess I will have to go with another kind .
 I 've had this phone for a few months , purchased it to replace an older model Panasonic that broke down thanks to my small children . I thought that the higher freq would be better b/c I live in an old home and I have a wireless network for my PC 's . Of the four phones , one worked only 1/4 of the time from day 1 . The other three phones provide spotty reception in several areas of my older home , especially in the 2nd floor and basement . But even walking one or two rooms away from the phone 's base made conversations difficult . I never had this problem with other cordless phones ; I 'm not sure if it 's the model per se , the frequency -LRB- 1st try at this higher freq -RRB- or just a lemon . Numerous phone conversations have been peppered with static and dropped words . I 've tried everything to fix the problem -- it seems like my only solution will be to toss out this model and buy a new one all together .
 no belt clip available . There is a port for a headset , however , it is not possible to clip onwe returned this product
 Ordered from , and confirmed by Amazon , the equipment was ordered on Amazon 's UK website , from a UK address , for delivery to the same UK address . The phones were supplied by an American Amazon merchant without my authority . The merchant supplied equipment earmarked by the manufacturer as being for use in the USA.The problems arising from the unusabilty in the UK of the equipment are self evident , making regrettable the absence of Amazon customer service and it 's help to compensate for a situation of Amazon 's making.Indeed , but for the Cardholder protection afforded and promptly given by American Express a court action might have resulted .
 Did n't get chance to use unit , it was not truely wall mountable.If you mount on a wall it sticks out as if placed on a counter.I bought ATT E5814B , still not fully flush to wall but much better.MB
 This phone system has lots of issues . Its batteries dont hold a good charge , the phones did not work properly and I ended up junking it to the goodwill . There are so many better options out there for the same price that are much more updated .
 This phone sucks . . Looks like some body used this very well and looks like played like a toy . . I did n't receive all the devices . I am suppose to receive the 4 chargers but i received only three.Please do n't fall for this cheap price and its not even worth trying and do n't waste you time and moneyI am returning my device . .
 I hate this phone ! I am angry that after making over a hundred dollar investment . that less than a year later , this phone is useless . Actually , it was useless many , many months ago , but I have just gotten to the point that I am admitting that it is . I started having problems with one of the handsets about 4 months after purchase , and it seemed that it would n't hold a charge . Purchased another rechargeable battery , and now ANOTHER handset has the same problem . Started out with good clarity , but now all handsets have a lot of static . In this economy , $ 100 + is a lot of money to spend on a phone system that is n't used 24/7 , and that conks out in a year .
 The telephone does n't work correctly , it looses the signal when you are 30 feet away from base , and cuts the voice you are sending/receiving .
 I 've had three different panasonic phone sets in the last five years and they all have had some sort of reliability problem whether it was batteries that did n't hold a charge after just months of usage or now -LRB- KX-TG5633B -RRB- speakers and microphones that barely make it past the warrantee period.Good luck .
 The phone was OK in the beginning , then we started noticing problems . The base unit started making crackling sounds whenever one of the remote phones was used . Then less than a year after the purchase , the AC adaptor for one of the remote chargers stopped working . . A month later , another ac adaptor stopped working . . So 2 out of 3 ac adaptors stopped working !! The 3rd remote charger and the base charger are still working ... . so far !! Buy something else .
 Do yourself and do not waste your money . Voice echos big time in this phone . Meaning you can hear your own voice echoing back to you while speaking on the handset . It is extremely frustating . I had seen a similar complain but it was only one person making such complain , so I thought it is probably a one off situation . But it is not . Panasonic support has not been able to solve the problem . I will be returning this phone at my own expense and probably will have to pay some restocking fee ... not sure . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE . There are plenty of other choices . I am very disappointed with Panasonic ... it is so clearly echoing ... how come it passed quality control .
 Just a warning
 Was very much looking forward to this phone . Unfortunately , the phone did not work on arrival despite multiple troubleshooting attempts . Basically the phone base station was non-functional . Panasonic customer service was absolutely terrible . They could offer no solutions and the only option is to pack up this phone that is less than 12 hours old , send it to Texas at my expense and hope they send me a `` refurbished '' unit in the next two weeks . They were completely unwilling to send me a new phone . Bottom line - phone looks great , but mine did n't work at all .
 I bought phones from this company with no problem . Selling old equipment to them they wo n't pay ! They already sold my used equipment but wo n't cut me a check . Owner is always busy or unavailable . Would stay away just on that point .
 I must say I was terribly disappointed in my PenAgain . I bought the black one from Walgreens and the mechanism broke within 20 uses . With the tip retraction mechanism malfunctioning , I can barely write for 10 seconds before the dang tip pops back out.I also would n't recommend the ergonomics if you have big fat hands like me .
 On carpet & pad much less than the stated 3/4 '' it will bend , cup under chair wheels , and last less than a year , at best . I 've had 3 of them under the warranty . All performed the same .
 I have had to replace 3 of these under warranty . Rubbermaid now requires that you pay $ 20 s/h to obtain a replacement mat .
 Unless you REALLY REALLY need a cordless stapler , do n't bother with this one . Mine worked great for awhile , but then it would n't staple without being attached to the charger , and now even that does n't work . This item is only a few years old , and used maybe once a month to staple several hundred newsletters . It jammed frequently and would grab on to the paper and not let it go.A couple days ago I bought another Swingline stapler to replace it -LRB- mainly because that was the only brand electric stapler our Office Max had -RRB- . Big mistake . This one is going back to the store because it does the same paper-grabbing routine , except in this case you have to eject the cartridge to get the paper out . Cheap Chinese junk . Speedpro # 42130 .
 It came broken . It will not allow me to put more than a few staples in as the arm is stuck . If you could send me another one I will return this one .
 These looked like a good idea but they are so uncomfortable . I am left-handed . I do n't know if that 's why they do n't work for me , but they do n't work for me at all .
 PenAgain pens are very uncomfortable to use -- very awkward . Your writing does n't look anything like what you 're used to seeing . Terrible purchase ... If you 're looking for the most comfortable and easy to use pen , google UGLee pen . It is the BEST !!!!
 In theory , this pen should be great for someone with arthritic hands , but in my case , I have arthritis in my wrists and this proved to only cause more pain . My husband has arthritic fingers and he seems to use the pens more easily .
 I had a different Swingline before that was wonderful ... this one is either posessed or just plain awful . I keep coming into my office and finding staples that it has spit out all over my desk . It even does it when I am working at my desk ????
 I got this stapler four months ago and have barely used it . Each time I have , it has jammed so badly that I have to unplug it and take it apart . Now it is throwing 3 or 4 staples at a time and jamming with the papers inside it . I am now ordering a heavier duty stapler , and I advise you to do the same if you need an electric version . A waste of money .
 This is the worst piece of equipment I have ever bought . It has never successfully stapled anything . It jams and will not release . All I can say is `` Grrr . ''
 Like `` Techie Lawyer '' I too purchased several of these a few years ago -- they were wonderful !! Very reliable , long battery life , seldom jammed , etc. . My only complaint would have been the loosening of the depth guide such that I had to tape it in place to keep it from sliding back . But I just purchased a new one last week , and the thing is CRAP !!! It jammed on the very first use -- it will not open , no way to pry it open to get the jam cleared . It is totally useless . Obviously , there has been a dramatic decrease in quality and workmanship . I could not recommend purchase of this item to anyone -- unless you can find an older model , perhaps lighlty used , on eBay or similar .
 The stapler has a great depth of staplng but the design of the flimsey metal sensor stops working extremely fast.They also get stuck and wo n't release quite a bit.We have purchased 10 of these over time but I have to look for another option . If they redesigned the sensor it would be a great product .
 I 've owned several electric staplers and this , by far , has been the worst . To say this has a 20-sheet capacity is a real stretch , as anything over 10 sheets was a challenge to staple with this . I was constantly clearing jams out of this thing , and when it did staple , the staples often would n't go all the way through and I 'd be forced to bend the staple closed manually . I also had issues with the adjustable paper guide not staying in place and my sheets were often stapled much further down than I wanted.I just spent 30 minutes trying to staple seven sheets of paper and constantly clearing out jams , it is no longer working at all . It 's now found a new home in my trash can while I search for another , much more reliable model . Swingline is usually reliable , but they really dropped the ball with this one .
 Ultra light use in my home office - it has now just started making a quiet `` pop-pop-pop '' sound and refused to continue . It was not jammed - it had failed completely . I messed around a bit with making sure that the solenoid was n't stuck or that a wire was n't lose or that the safety that keeps it from firing when staples are being put it might be stuck . Nothing . $ 45 down the drain.This thing sounds like someone is hitting your desk with a hammer as hard as they can . I could put up with that , but it seems as if it 's simply shaken itself to death.Postscript : Bostich replaced the stapler without any questions - said they 're using mine for testing/debugging .
 Easy and intuitive to put staples in . Easy to eject mis-formed staples . That 's about where the good points end . Takes only one kind of staple that is long and heavy and is not right for 20-40 pages . you wo n't be able to staple it easily and quickly as the name implies and if the staple is bent , it will take forever to get the staple out with a standard staple remover . In fact I could not do it without pliers .
 This could have been a great stapler . It will easily staple stacks of paper . The problem is swingline was more interested in selling special staples than providing a great stapler . Our local office max carries stacks of staples but only 1 '' staples for this stapler . They carry all different sizes of heavy duty staples but only one size for this stapler . Buy something that will us any heavy duty staples if your in the market . Not this stapler .
 We have this stapler in our office and it is a little nightmare . You 're only supposed to use the `` light touch , heavy duty '' staples in it - however normal heavy duty staples will fit right into it . Because of this design flaw , people are constantly putting regular heavy duty staples into it , and it immediately jams it up . There is even a tiny message etched into the stapler that warns you to only use the light-touch staples - but it is not obvious enough , since people continually put the wrong staples into it.When it jams , the little `` jam clear '' plastic knob has never been able to clear the jam . There is no swing release to open up the stapler , so it is difficult to clear the jam manually - usually requires some needle nose pliers because your fingers ca n't fit in there -LRB- and I have small fingers -RRB- . Now , after several jams , the stapler wo n't work at all - period . With the special light-touch , heavy duty staples it either does n't staple at all - or sends two or three of them into a staple jam . Avoid this frustration and get a better stapler .
 Too bad ! ... I really did n't want the lip on it ... plus the mat i got is thin and flimsy . . not finished an sturdy like in the picture . $ 51 for a $ 30 item . Now I have to send it back ... darnit !
 The bad
 Fortunately , we did not purchase this at Amazon , but another store . It cracked within several weeks and later on , we returned it as a failed product . Rubbermaid is a good company but this is not a high quality product .
 Like some other reviewers , the mat I received was not the one pictured . It is much less sturdy than indicated and is rectangular with a lip -LRB- the photo has no lip -RRB- . It said it is suitable for standard carpet , but it is far too thin and flexible to provide the carpet protection and easy chair movement that I wanted . I paid $ 50 , but it is the same as the ones you can get at Office Depot for less . And it is not worth returning ; how would I ship this thing ? Bummer .
 I put these in my cart and went to check out , and the shipping was listed as $ 120 ! The item total was only $ 95 ! BEWARE !
 I ordered this item because I wanted that rounded shaped mat . What I got was the standard square shaped mat with rectangular lip . The part # on the mat is the one in the description of this product so it was not the seller 's fault . ... but it 's not worth the hassle of trying to replace . My loss but hopefully not yours ! Do n't order this one if you want the rounded mat .
 I bought this for my mom for Christmas to use in her classroom and was excited to give it to her , but it does n't work . It does n't say that I have to buy special staples so I just got the Target brand . It 's not jamming , but every time you try to staple anything the staple tray shoots out , or it staples but does n't fold the bottom part of the staple over , or it does n't push the staple into the paper at all . I 'm angry that I now have to waste time going to the post office and shipping this back after waiting for it to come back into stock for so long .
 I purchased the electric stapler based on the picture shown on the order form . I wanted a boston stapler which that 's what was showing on the page and instead , I received an X-acto stapler -LRB- the featured item could be purchased in black or white and both pictures described the same item but I ended up with a totally different stapler -RRB- ! This is not what I expected and not happy . I just hope this one works !
 I had used his jumbo pen a few times and it went okay although it came out somewhat clumpy and I had to wait for it to dry . Then , today , I pulled on the cap to get the cap off to get to the pen part and the whole top came off and all the white-out went all over -- my keyboard , my mouse , my mouse-pad , my sleeves , my hands , my desk . As you know , white-out is paint and it will not come off my keyboard and clothes . I used cleaner with bleach to try and get it off . And , off course , I lose money for the time I ca n't work cleaning the stuff and will have to get a new keyboard . Ca n't thank you enough , pentel presto .
 Unlike all the other reviews I waited a while to see how this thing holds up , I was tired of buying a Mat every 6 months , I was first excited because of the other reviews , and when i got this it looked solid , thick and sturdy , i always buy the better mats so they last longer -LRB- this mat was not it -RRB- I did notice the other reviewers did n't try the product out for any time length though , that 's why I waited on my review . so this is a very fair representation of the product and the Company `` restock-it '' , The company that sells this `` Restock it '' has a horrible 15 day return policy , My Mat cracked after 14 days , i have it on a new , soft Med Plush carpet , exactly what this mat is intended for , I 'm 175 Lbs , I heard a cracking noise , did n't know what it was , heard it again and looked down . The pressure of the chair -LRB- A office chair with a 5-star pattern , so pressure was n't that great on the mat -RRB- shattered the mat , I contacted them and they sent me a replacement , It took re-stock it over 2 months to send it , they ignored 3 of the 5 e-mails i sent , finally i personally had to call the Shipping company to find out what happened , they used some weird company the second time around to save money and the company said they were waiting to hear from me to set up a delivery date ... . have you ever heard such a thing ... ? no one ever told me this , or contacted me ... so i got the item and after a few days the same thing happened with the replacement mat in a different spot , I contacted the company and they said it was outside the 15 day policy , I explained to restock it that i first contacted them within 15 days , but that was for the first mat ... shame on me for not refunding it then and giving this company a try , so basically you have only 15 days ? this is the first company In have heard of with having such a short and non helpful policy , even retail gives you 30 to 90 days , with most of them being 90 ... I pleaded with them and The will do nothing , event eh fact that I first contacted them within 14 days did nothing for me , because I replaced it and not returned it ... that is just wrong ... Amazon 's A to Z policy does nothing also , they just quoted Restock-it 's 15 day return policy ... i have sent them 3 e-mails about this , they have ignored me , they stole my money and Amazon let them get away with it , Shame on you Amazon , and Shame on re-stock it , you have made a enemy for life , and lost a customer for life ...
 I purchased this mat in December of 2010 and it started to crack by January of 2011 . It now has heavy cracking in the center of the mat with plenty of sharp edges exposed . It is designed for carpet , so the give of carpet should n't have broken it , and I 'm not exactly a big guy at about 165 pounds -LRB- 75 kg -RRB- . I would not recommend this to anyone who thinks having to buy a few mats per year is ridiculous .
 My first chair mat , when it was manufactured and sold by RubberMaid , lasted me over 5 years . I purchased this one less than 2 months ago and it has already cracked right through the middle . The quality from Lorell is definitely not the same . For the price , I would buy a cheap version and replace them more often . The mat seemed to be a bit thinner when I replaced the old one , which would explain the quick cracking . I wish I had a recommendation for a better mat . If I find one , I will post an update .
 I wrote a review on this chair mat after I 'd had it a while . I indicated that it seemed study and likely to last . I 've now had it for two years , and it has multiple cracks . Shards of it have begun to stick up , and it will soon be in the trash . We did not mistreat it . I am now looking for another brand that might be thicker .
 I bought two of these . They look great ! However , one is cracking badly , the other one is fine . In fact the one we are on the most is the one that is fine . I have been given Rubbermaid 's phone number to see if they will replace it . These are too expensive not too last . I have only used ours about two months .
 The stapler could not be adjusted to avoid pricking fingers on the reverse side . Had to resort to use of a manual stapler
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! IT CONSTANTLY JAMMED AND HAD TO BE TAKEN APART TO FIX . NOW IT WO N'T EVEN OPEN TO GET THE JAMMED STAPLE OUT .
 I have had this unit for about 1 year ... my wife called me at work and told me the stapler was vibrating , smelt like it was burning , and then started to smoke . Thank goodness she was at home and able to unplug the unit . The unit was not being used but sitting idle and this happened . I am sure this would have caused a house fire if my wife was not home ... look for another brand !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I recived the Stapler , seemed as if it was used the case , outer shell was scuffed . Plugged it in and right away it jammed up . Sorry Bostich - you better get your act togetherAs for Amazon , they are a great company to work with , they immediatly sent me return label for process of free shipping return
 I purchased a different brand of stapler and it broke almost immediately . I thought it was my fault , so I purchased another one . It broke right away too . This stapler is a little noisy but it is very sturdy .
 Someone bought this for our office to replace an older electric stapler that was jamming occasionally.This one does not jam . That 's because it does n't staple . It 's quite easy to `` feel '' that your two sheets of paper have passed through the sensor , but the stapler is a non-starter . Nothing happens . Now , if you whack the top of it before you insert the papers to be stapled , it will work fine . Once . If you have more than one set of papers to staple , you must whack it each time . This defeats the purpose of having an electric stapler , if you ask me . Before we had electric staplers , we whacked manual staplers.This is also a very tall and ugly appliance , should that matter to you . When it staples , it makes a very loud noise like a gunshot . One of my co-workers has dubbed it RockBiter because of the noise.I 'm generally very happy with Stanley products , but this one is a loser . Not recommended .
 We bought one of these new but after a couple of months the stapler jamed ; I took it apart and found the ` anvil ' that moves over the staple when it strikes gets warped , not made strong enough to withstand the pressure put on it by the stapler . Can not find the plate/anvil to replace it . If anyone has a source for replacement on this part would appreciate contact info . `` Works good when it works ''
 I purchased this based upon the fact that it was for high pile carpet , but my chair still sinks into my carpet and when I move my chair , it goes right back to where it was before .
 I purchased this based upon the fact that it was for high pile carpet , but my chair still sinks into my carpet and when I move my chair , it goes right back to where it was before .
 I 'm on my second one of these . I do a lot of stapling at work . My first one wore out in about a year or two , and I thought well I had a lemon . So I bought another one and now it 's doing the same thing . It gets jammed and has a week staple sound . I 've got them unjammed , but it 's like the spring has broken and it wo n't work anymore.I do love the way it staples -- I have no problem with that at all . It 's just should n't it last more than a couple of years?I will look for a better quality one .
 Then takes a dump . A metal piece in it just cleanly broke off , and now it wo n't work at all . A huge bummer considering the price I paid . I would stay away from purchasing this . If I could get a replacement now I would . : -LRB-
 Maybe mine was defective since the other reviews seem to be good but I ca n't get this stapler to work .
 Mine died after 2 months of very light use . There is no way find out what might be wrong - you can only open the staple holder . A complete waste of money .
 I loved this little stapler , until it completely died without warning or symptom after 5 months of use . Of course the return window is closed . I 'd steer clear of this one .
 I staple A LOT at work -LRB- 500 + staples per day easily -RRB- so I got this to save my hands from getting arthritis.I gave it 2 stars because I love the way it staples . It is very fast and hard in its stapling action and can easily staple through 20 + sheets.This thing just breaks so easily and is completely unrepairable by the user . My first one lasted maybe 3 months and then something came loose and it would always staple with 3 + staples per shot , which would not have as much force as it used to , then staples would fall out of the bottom of it as well.So I threw that one out and ordered a new one.Less than a month into the new one , it jammed today and so I cleared the jam -LRB- happens all the time -RRB- but now it does not work more than once at a time because I have to clear a jam after every use.HORRIBLE !!!! I 'm going to call bostich and see if they 'll fix it for me , but I ca n't go without a stapler at work or my hand will pay the price ... Well , I 'm not going to repurchase this product , thats for sure . Maybe I 'll find a better one !
 I ordered this item thru AMAZON as a NEW ITEM . It arrived and was poorly packed , no plastinc cover whatsoever , when was taken off the box , it had stains like if it was used . So instead of buying a new item , we bought a used one for the price of a new one . Besides , it doesnt have any way to know were the staple will be placed so I WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS STAPLER and less this MERCHANT sending used stuff as new ...
 The stapler arrived yesterday , and we ran this stapler a couple of hundred times yesterday , stapling two sheets at once . This morning , it jammed right off the bat . There 's one staple stuck where the blade is located . I could n't plug it off , as it was really stuck , and the stapling action does n't occur anymore . I 'm very disappointed , and I do n't recommend this product to anyone . It 's being returned today .
 I was quite disappointed when I got this . I thought it would have a slot to hold also pennies . I was misled by a person giving his review in this section , because the person said it did held pennies . The description of this unit is not clear . Another item that will go into my collection of junk pieces . Not worth getting your money back , it 's does n't cost that much in the first place.For those that are reading this . It only has three slots . And it only holds Quarters , Nickles , and Dimes . Plus the sticky tape it comes with , does n't hold it when you fill it up with coins . It will disappoint you .
 Wow ... what a piece of junk . Kept falling off ... I know it 's somewhere in this car ... looking ... looking ... ah , the heck with it . Good thing it was inexpensive . But it still cost too much if you ca n't use the thing !
 Holds coins yes . Has no way to attach it to anything . Front and back is the same and the shape wont allow for cup holder spot . Where would you put it ? Still looking for a good coin holder .
 Be sure to follow the advice of other reviewers here
 4 months to the day after I ordered this product , it fell apart in my car , strewing coins all over the place . I may be able to SuperGlue it back together -LRB- I have n't yet tried -RRB- , but it really should n't have been necessary . Before it fell apart , I liked using it to keep toll and parking money handy in my car .
 Had this stapler for 4 months till it stopped working well . The internal mechanism is very flimsy for a heavy duty stapler . i 've only been using it up to 5 times a day before it started to jam up on me , tear my papers , and punching holes in documents . DO N'T BUY ! Go for Swingline , it 's 3 times cheaper , has a life time warranty and probably works better .
 Purchased this 6 months ago . I managed to get it to staple a few 50 page documents and the staples were gnarly . After that it just stopped working . Did not come with a manual and is impossible to figure out on your own . I bought Bostich because I wanted a quality name brand , Will possibly change review if I eventually get help from Bostich .
 We have a Swingline stapler in office that I think is more than 10 years old and is completely made of metal . The quality of built is perfect , never jams without absolutely any problem . I needed a heavy duty stapler for myself and when I saw a 5 star review for this trash , I bought it.To staple 6 spots I used more than twice staples , because half of them did n't go through well and while I tried to bring them out -LRB- useing screw driver and pliers -RRB- , I injured 3 of my fingers very badly . Right away I returned it back and amazon made me to pay $ 7.99 for shipping back . Next time I wo n't buy directly from amazon.About the built quality ; Only the staple compartment has been made of steel , otherwise every other places is plastic . I really wonder how long it can work before breaking . Do n't waste your money on this . It 's Chinese and just has the name of Swingline !
 I purchased this stapler for my office . Used it for several months and then the metal plate which opposed the staples as they are driven through the paper cracked in half . That 's right the metal cracked . This was with normal use , nothing major , never challenged the 210 supposed capacity . Now I have to buy a new stapler .
 Stapler base broke after 5 staples . The stapler metal contact on the base broke making it completely useless . Would n't buy another one . Cheap metal . I certainly did n't abuse it .
 I own this stapler and used it less than 50 times . The metal plate that bends the staples is made of cheap metal and the staple pushed out the bottom of it making the stapler useless . Of course the label on the bottom states that it was proudly produced in China . The plate on my basic paper stapler is more robust . I am going to try to return under warranty . The only issue is that I am sure a replacement will fail in the same way given that it is now made from pig metal compared to older model staplers.I reiterate this is JUNK . Buy quality and suffer once .
 This model -LRB- at least the one I purchased ! -RRB- is a piece of junk . I 've never had a stapler jam so frequently and be such a pain to fix once it is jammed . I love Swingline in general , but this particular model in my case was just not a wise purchase . Swingline Ergonomic High Capacity Desk Stapler -LRB- S7077701F -RRB- is a much better choice . That one has been fault free for me .
 This stapler was purchased for a busy retail store to staple receipts to order forms . It is used approximately 100 times a day . Unfortunately , it does not work half the time . Sometimes it will staple and sometimes we have to put it in 3-5 times for it to work . Sometimes it never works . It does not jam , it just wo n't staple . I would not recommend this stapler at all . What a waste of $ 140 .
 The stapler worked OK , but only worked correctly for a whole cartridge of staples , one out of six times . Right now I do n't have any cartridges that will work with it , although I do have three partial cartridges ! Not sure whether the problem is the stapler or the staples , but this is unsatisfactory .
 Amazon.com service was excellent , but the Swingline 69001 I received was a piece of junk , so I had to return it ; one might think that such was an an anomaly , but I had ordered and received the same Swingline from another company -LRB- ordering via Amazon.com -RRB- the month before and that , too , was junk , so had returned to the seller . Swingline has had a good reputation and I 've been pleased in the past - what 's happening ? It 's very discouraging .
 I thought I would be jammin ' with my highly efficient electric stapler . So far , I 've spent more time opening and reloading it than actually stapling my work that needs to get done . This was a waste of money .
 I have tried this with Swingline 3/8 , 1/2 , and 3/4 inch staples and it almost never works . Sometimes the 1/2 inch staples will work , but most of the time they fold over , and the 3/8 and 3/4 inch staples always fold over . Yes , I following the guide on the stapler for what size of staple to use based on the number of sheets .
 The stapler that our office purchased only works properly with swingline brand staples . The staple brand we use would not advance through the stapler . You had to manually stick something into the chamber and force the staples down to the end after every use . We discovered why this was when we placed the two sets of staples end to end . The swingline brand staples were actually a tiny bit wider than the other brand even though they were the `` same size . '' Also , Even when the stapler is full , it takes two presses to get the staple to go through the paper even if it just a small stack .
 I have used the Swingline 3/8 '' and 1/2 '' heavy duty staples . Unfortunately , when trying to remove the 1/2 '' staples so I could switch sizes , I ca n't get them out!UPDATE 1/7/12
 I got this stapler as a donation to my poor governmental office , the one it replaced was a `` treat '' to use.After 3 days of use the new stapler jammed ? Not a problem right ... wrong ! The staples turned sideways in the middle of the feed rail . I had to take the C-Clip off the front unjamming door to allow complete access to the feed rail for the staples.The staples jammed in so tight , I could not pull them out . I took a small barreled flat head screw driver and I thought I would knock out the staples . I put the screw driver in and began smacking the base of the screw driver with my hand . The screw driver goes in slightly with each tap . After about 3 taps I pull the driver out and look in the feed rail . To my surprise the staples barely moved ! I had compacted the staples into a little wad and it began pushing up on the top of the guide rail plate , deforming it!Well lets just say this in summary , guide rail plate became really deformed due to me trying to free the jam of staples , I reform the plate in a crude fashion with the same small screw driver and reassembled the stapler ... I guess I got what I paid for ... a cheap HD stapler.But , it can staple together 160 pages ... when it works .
 There are lots of swingline heavy duty staplers . Two that I ; ve tried are so bad I 'm replacing them . One works . I do n't think they make the kind that works anymore , but it 's black and all-metal except for two plastic end-grips and a thin plastic handle coating . I 'm now searching for a used one like it . Be very wary of buying Swingline .
 This `` heavy duty '' stapler is anything but . The tab holding in the staples is a light piece of plastic that breaks off after a year or two of use . How dumb can they be making a heavy duty metal staple dependent on a crappy little plastic tab
 Either the stapler is terrible or the bostich staples need to be redesigned to go through 1/2 inch of papper without crushing the staples .
 I bought this stapler a few months ago . After just a few days of plugging it in , it ceased to work . I was displeased , but Amazon sent me another at no expense to me . I was again happy . Now this morning , I was stapling two pages together and a piece of plastic flies out of my machine . The tip of the staple feed broke ! Now it is too late to return it . I am ordering another stapler , but you can be guarenteed it wont be a Swingline .
 This stapler looks good , but does n't work . It jammed every other time and eventually , stopped working all together . After only using it may 10 to 15 times , it stopped completely . I only had it a few days.Luckily , Amazon arranged for a return and gave me back all my money I had spent . I 'll defintely investigate these a bit more before just buying based on the looks.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS ONE !!!!
 I purchased this stapler because I had used one -LRB- same model -RRB- , for about three years , that worked great . However , this new one is horrible . It jams constantly , blank staples 15/20 times and when you get down to about the last 20 staples it wo n't staple at all anymore -- it makes the stapling motion/sound , but no staple actually comes out . I did find that if I use Swingline brand staples that it does n't jam and blank staple nearly as often , but the one I had before which was the exact same model worked fine with any kind of staple . Overall I 've not been nearly as happy with the new Swingline Electric Staples as I was with the old one .
 I have had 3 of these break in 2 years . Do n't waste your money . They are made cheaply and jam easily .
 It has a cheap sound when you stable . Light weight thus easy to move when inserting paper . Would have liked a heavier product . No outside guide to position paper for stapling .
 I really love the range on this phone . I can walk 100 yards down the street and it still gets great reception . The bad thing about it is that the speaker phone volume simply is n't loud enough . I can barely hear it with any background noise . Also , lighted buttons would have been great . I have had these for about 9 months now and one handset will not charge anymore ... . trying to find info about replacement under warranty has not been the easiest.ADDENDUM : After just over a year or so , we had to have one handset replaced as it could no longer connect to the base . Panasonic did replace it and it was relatively painless , but now , after just 21 months , we are once again finding that one of the handsets can no longer connect to the base . This phone system is no good ... . avoid it and get something of better quality or you will be looking for another phone in the near future as I am .
 I have three of these phones and have been SO DISAPPOINTED !! It is so hard to hear -- and it 's not my hearing . Everyone in my family has trouble , and the `` voice enhancing '' device only makes it worse . I had cordless V-tech phones before and had no trouble -LRB- until the batteries died and the model I had was no longer made , and getting a new battery proved too expensive , etc -RRB- so I ended up getting an entire Panasonic system , as it seemed like such a good `` deal , '' and now totally regret it . I 'm going back to V-Tech as soon as I can justify the expense of buying all new phones again .
 Product arrived with 1/3 the box ripped off . Very poorly packaged but with good reason . Why provide good packaging for a piece of junk . Plastic frame is flimsy . As soon as I tried to lift it -LRB- from the center of the frame -RRB- the drawing board became detached . Could not easily get it back together . If you do buy this only hold it from the sides . Have not tried to draw on it so I ca n't comment of the main functionally . Sending it back for a refund . Amazon should really stop selling this . Guess I 'll have to pay several hundred for a quality board .
 I bought this for my son , who uses whiteboards quite a lot . I returned the first one because it developed two big cracks in it in about 3 days . I got the new one and within two days , there was a small crack . So I returned them both . Too bad , these were the size I needed .
 This whiteboard has a terrible mounting system . Came with instructions for a different board , when I found the instructions for mine online they were poorly written . Made with cheap materials as well .
 I read all the other reviewers comments on poor shipping experiences and thought `` well those people are just suckers . '' Then I joined the group . Upon receipt it was smashed on all sides with an actual hole through the middle -LRB- as in through both sides of the box and the board itself punctured -RRB- . I was actually impressed at how destroyed it was.However , I started the installation process -LRB- drilling holes/etc . -RRB- anyway knowing that I would be returning and ordering another one -LRB- lightning ca n't strike twice , right ? -RRB- . The installation process turned out to be as much of a nightmare as the damaged board itself . There is very poor guidance on how to hang it , and you are expected to drill through the metal tray into the board to secure it . I thought this was ridiculous and that I had to have been doing something wrong so I brought some other more experienced board hangers in to see if I was crazy . I was n't . This board is in fact terrible.I went to Staples and got a similar 4 ` X3 ' Quartet board for $ 30 less that came with amazing and incredibly easy to hang instructions . Perhaps there are two silos of divisions at Quartet who are rivaling each other for 4 ` x3 ' market share . This board , unfortunately , is going to be a loser for them .
 Our 3 x 4 ' dry erase board arrived with a crack in the middle . The shipping box was perfectly fine , so it looks like it had this ding in the white smooth surface before they packaged it up and sent it to us . Thanks a lot!With all the complaints on Amazon about dry erase boards arriving damaged , why do n't the providers spend a few extra cents and wrap it in bubble wrap or something?I first tried to get in touch with the seller , Advantage Gifts , but that does n't seem possible . So , I 'm going through the usual Amazon channels which would be terrific if they worked . Of course , they did not . I was never given the chance to print the return labels . Now I have UPS coming tomorrow and no shipping label . : -LRB- Help Amazon !!!
 The frame was broken on arrival . Poor construction . Otherwise a typical melamine board .
 We are a dental business that has owned this paper folder since August of 2006 . We have never been able to feed more than 10 sheets at a time -LRB- unlike the advertised 50 -RRB- and most of the ones we do send through get wrinkled or do not get folded properly . Also , the tray to catch the papers just tosses them on the floor and they end up in bunches not separated . When I called tech support for the product I was told it was n't designed to catch the papers and keep them in the tray -LRB- what do they think we want to do with them ??? -RRB- . Even on the phone with tech support I it did not work properly and I was told it is just finicky .
 I bought this back in 2005 and have used it maybe 3 times . It wrinkles the paper , jams , throws them all over the floor -LRB- the paper tray is virtually useless -RRB- . I spend so much time collecting papers off of the floor and smoothing and re-folding the pieces that I might as well have folded them by hand in the first place .
 Our church purchased this machine a few years ago to fold bulletins we print weekly for our worship services . We are using it to this day , but since we use thicker paper , we can only feed about 10 pages at a time . If you do n't keep a hand on the pages , the small centered roller usually pulls the paper in at an angle and makes a bad fold . Sometimes it pulls multiple pages in and jams . About a year and a half ago the rubber roller started to spin freely , which made the machine unable to pull paper in from the tray . My fix was to epoxy the roller to the metal bar . This machine is a piece of junk and we are currently looking to replace it .
 We are a dental business that has owned this paper folder since August of 2006 . We have never been able to feed more than 10 sheets at a time -LRB- unlike the advertised 50 -RRB- and most of the ones we do send through get wrinkled or do not get folded properly . Also , the tray to catch the papers just tosses them on the floor and they end up in bunches not separated . When I called tech support for the product I was told it was n't designed to catch the papers and keep them in the tray -LRB- what do they think we want to do with them ??? -RRB- . Even on the phone with tech support I it did not work properly and I was told it is just finicky .
 Our church purchased this machine a few years ago to fold bulletins we print weekly for our worship services . We are using it to this day , but since we use thicker paper , we can only feed about 10 pages at a time . If you do n't keep a hand on the pages , the small centered roller usually pulls the paper in at an angle and makes a bad fold . Sometimes it pulls multiple pages in and jams . About a year and a half ago the rubber roller started to spin freely , which made the machine unable to pull paper in from the tray . My fix was to epoxy the roller to the metal bar . This machine is a piece of junk and we are currently looking to replace it .
 Our church purchased this machine a few years ago to fold bulletins we print weekly for our worship services . We are using it to this day , but since we use thicker paper , we can only feed about 10 pages at a time . If you do n't keep a hand on the pages , the small centered roller usually pulls the paper in at an angle and makes a bad fold . Sometimes it pulls multiple pages in and jams . About a year and a half ago the rubber roller started to spin freely , which made the machine unable to pull paper in from the tray . My fix was to epoxy the roller to the metal bar . This machine is a piece of junk and we are currently looking to replace it .
 bought this for a mailing of apx 1000 pieces ... it seems to fold the first 7-8 sheets of a stack correctly , but then starts to jam up and folds the other sheets incorrectly , somewhat crooked . i ca n't rely on loading 8 sheets at a time , so i 'm going to be returning this .
 For the price , it is a good machine . The metal rungs that catch the folded papers somtimes spills them out if there are too many and the folded papers sometimes slip inside each other . You ca n't set it and walk away -- you do need to be there to avoid problems .
 I purchased two of these whiteboards . They shipped without issue or any damage . The board surface itself is a nice , solid , magnetic surface . Package contained a tray to hold markers and a marker starter pack.The accessories and mounting hardware had some issues . The first ledge/tray used to hold the markers was warped when the metal was manufactured so it does not sit flush against the board to be mounted . Additionally , there are no pilot holes drilled into the bottom of the board 's frame to mount the marker tray or the tray itself so I had to make my own with a drill - vertically through both the aluminum tray and board itself . Also , the wall mount hardware consists of two clips for the top of the board , two `` L '' brackets for the bottom . Not the easiest thing to mount but not impossible . Finally , some of the screws that shipped with the first board were defective as well and could not be used so had to find my own . The boards were a decent price so I will make them work but poor manufacturing and quality assurance for sure .
 This is not a solid oak frame as specified . Does n't look like the picture . The frame is cheaply painted to somewhat resemble an oak grain , but it looks pretty cheap . Not worth the money and I will be returning it.An update
 I 'm not sure but when I snapped this in my typewriter , I was thinking it was going to work . Boy did was I in for a rude awakening . It does n't erase all the mistake . I tried it like three times to erase my error but no such happening .
 This product does n't shred properly . Pieces of paper remain connected at the end , and the blades do n't seem to be cutting properly . It also has trouble sensing thin pieces of paper like receipts . I can not do work with a product that works like this . In addition , the strips are very wide . I believe it 's worth doing the research to end up with a shredder that works better than this .
 I realize that this shredder comes with a bottom of the barrel price , but even for $ 19 , one would expect that it would at least perform the functions claimed on the box - it does n't . It is a piece of junk . It does n't sense paper when inserted , it keeps spinning indefinitely after shredding because the paper does n't fall completely from the shredder , and it simply does a horrible job shredding and leaves nearly intact sheets at the bottom of the bin.This is certainly one of the cheapest shredders out there , I am not sure you could beat the cost , but spend a few more bucks and get one that actually works . Fellowes really should be ashamed of themselves for this model . I spent about $ 20 more on the Royal VF700 and love it .
 You get what you pay for . I thought I could use the cheapest shredder since I would n't be using it heavily , just to shred a few pages a day , and not everyday . Well , after a couple months , it got jammed and then all of sudden it died . I wish I spent a few more bucks for a better shredder which would have been cheaper in the long run .
 Does it shred ? Yes . Is it worth $ 26 ? NO . Perhaps $ 9.99 , but definitely not $ 26 . If you put more than a couple of pieces of paper in it , it wo n't shred it properly and you 'll have to put it through again . I read the reviews prior to ordering and wish I would have followed other peoples ' advice : - -LRB-
 Buy carefully , This model only has one other review , but other Fellowes shredders have terrible reviews . I bought a Royal and have been very happy .
 I needed a shredder quick , had lots of paper building up ... I bought this shredder because of its price , and got what I paid for ... it was noisey , and ended up lasting a day . I had bought other Fellowes shredder and they worked out well ... this one was cheap for a reason ... only good if you barely use a shredder
 Do n't waste your money on this shredder . It is very noise and does n't shred in 1/4 '' strips as the description states . Most of the time , it does n't even shred part of the paper so you have this piece of paper with little `` teeth '' that were n't separated when it went through the shredder .
 We purchased our second Fellowes paper shredder , a model P600C-2 after our previous paper shredder motor gave out.The P600C-2 was ideal in size for a home office . We usually do not shred more than receipts and mail with our personal information and an occasional credit card.This unit came with a 2 year warranty so of course , we got a little over two years worth of use before the mechanics inside destroyed themselves.I just purchased my third -LRB- and last -RRB- Fellowes product , a SB-99Ci . I hope the new unit does not disappoint the way this one has.Three strikes against this company and I will call them out and just use my BBQ grill .
 I 've generally been happy with this shredder . Unfortunately , this shredder , like my last Fellowes shredder , broke under normal use -LRB- 7 or less sheets per grind -RRB- . The problem appears to be the plastic gears that drive the shredder bars.Unless Fellowes changes the composition of their plastic gears to a more durable metal , or metal-strength plastic , I would look for another shredder .
 This item not only wo n't slice air , it held up for a month and then died - A permanet death !
 do n't believe what you might here on the `` street '' . This shredder will not `` slice-n-dice '' nor will it `` cut like fire '' . It wont even `` tear paper into tiny strips really fast '' like you might have heard . I would rather use a plastic butter knife to shred my 10,000 page `` documents '' on the use of Iraqy oil money to pay for my vietnam veteran neighbor 's swimming pool . This shredder will not even accept small animals into its shredding slot . practically worthless .
 I HAVE DONE A LOT OF ODERING FROW ON LINE , AND THIS IS THE FIRST TIME IN A WHILE THAT I HAVE BEEN THIS DISPLEASED ABOUT THE PRODUCT THAT I NEVER RECIEVED , OR NOT BEING ABLE TO GET IN CONTACT WITH THE ` I , M NEW SELLER.BUT BELIEVE YOU ME , I WILL NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM -LRB- BRYCEBOBBY -RRB- EVER AGAIN AND DO NOT ADVISE ANYONE ELSE TO DO SO EITHER.SINCERELY YOURS A VERY DISSATISFIED CUSTOMER .
 It is jammed . I do not use it that often and I do not put much in it . However I can not figure out how to unjam it . It is dead right now . It is less than one nmonth old .
 This is the most horrible shredder I 've ever used . It seems to work fine for a while , if you 're only shredding a few sheets of paper every day , but after a while , when you 're shredding mail on a daily basis , it gets stuck on one or two pieces of paper . At this point , it takes me a half hour just to shred 10 pieces of paper ! It would probably be more efficient to just use a pair of scissors . I doubt very much that this problem is limited to us , either . The design of the shredder seems to be at fault - it does n't shred each piece of paper enough , so you 're stuck with lots of little pieces of paper in the metal teeth , and then each additional piece shreds less and less , until the shredder just stops in the middle of a piece of paper and you have to stick things in there to clean out all the weird little bits of paper.I suggest buying a cheap shredder elsewhere for half the price that will work twice as well . It 's what I did , and I 'm much happier spending 5 minutes a day shredding documents than an excruciating half hour .
 You can shred one page at a time - any more and it 'll jam . Even with one sheet , it gets clogged from time to time . I 've spent so much time picking bits of paper out of the teeth -LRB- and then vacuuming -RRB- , that it 's not worth my time . After one year of use , I 'm going to get a more powerful one .
 I used to have another Fellowes shredder that worked well , so I thought this model would be just as good . This jammed ALOT ... in addition , this is suppoed to shut off automatically if no paper is being fed in . Instead this would drone on and on despite no paper feed . This would still happen even if the bin was empty.Lesson
 This shredder has always been slow and I have to oil it constantly . I have had it a little over a year and it is constantly jamming to the point where 2 people have to sit down with something sharp and try to dislodge the pieces . This is after feeding in 1 sheet at a time and only using it a few times a month . I do n't recommend this shredder to anyone .
 The reason I used the title Slow Jammer is because this shredder not only does it shred slowly , but it also jams often . It really gets on my nerves every time I have to unjam this thing . I do not recommend it at all . I think that people are better off buying a strip shredder it 's faster and cheaper at that .
 Fellowes sent me this shredder as an in-warranty replacement for an earlier Fellowes shredder I had that failed . The P400C failed as well after a few months . I finally got around to opening up the unit , thinking a clog was causing the problem , and I might be able to fix it . Turns out no clog , but rather one of the teeth on one of the nylon cogs had broken off.Fellowes customer service promptly informed me that -LRB- a -RRB- they do not sell replacement parts of any sort for their line of `` personal '' shredders , and -LRB- b -RRB- since I was not out of warranty , the only think they could do for me is sell me a new P400C at a `` discount '' for about $ 30-some odd dollars -LRB- which is more than the unit sells for in most stores ! -RRB- . So , even though the motor , blades , and all but one of the gears are fine , I now have a piece of rubbish that will spend eternity in my local landfill.The customer service dweebs -LRB- I phoned twice -RRB- were inflexible and uncaring automotons.I will never purchase another Fellowes product of any type . The company 's larger shredders may be of higher quality and apparently do have replacement parts available , but so what . I see no point in giving my business to a company with this kind of customer-service attitude and this sort of `` disposable '' mindset with respect to what I consider a `` durable goods '' item .
 I had this shredder for several years . It was cheap , but I wasted a lot of time feeding it 2-3 sheets at a time and emptying it after every couple of dozen sheets . I was never so happy when this shredder 's internal plastic gears finally broke -LRB- now I can buy a REAL shredder -RRB- . The bin was tiny , so it would fill up quickly and start to pull the clippings back into the blades and jam up , and then I had to flip it over and push down the shreddings and pull clumps of paper bits out of the blades . It made a mess on the carpet when lifting the top off to empty the bin , and paper dust flew into to air when putting the top back on . The only useful part of this shredder is the little grey waste-basket that I 'm left with after putting the cutting head in the garbage -LRB- where it belongs -RRB- .
 tried to take apart after warranty expired and was too difficult . decided it was n't worth my time and trashed it . buying a new one , different model / manufacturer .
 It quit on me after about three weeks and I ca n't find anyone to complain to . The voice on tape is nice but she ca n't hear my problem .
 I purchased this item . The delivery time was past 5 days from what I was told , then when I went to track it , it says in transit for numerous days . When I did eventually receive it , one item was missing . Will never order from this company again
 This `` heavy duty '' packaging tape does not stick to anything ! I used to love the `` Premium Performance '' Packaging Tape but it 's not available anywhere now ... so I am forced to buy this worthless product . I apply it and it literally peels right off .
 I do not like to give to bad reviews . But , this really is a piece of junk . Most cookie tins are better constructed then this product . All the edges of the sheet metal are unfinished and sharp . The aluminum is very thin gauge and will bend with the slightest stress . This product will not live through more then a few months of normal job site bumps and bruises .
 I followed the recommendations of a few other owners and thought this would suit my needs . I wanted to label my coms rack with wire wrap labels so that everything could be traced easily.Here are my gripes :1 . Can not use 1 '' wide or larger tape . If I wanted to put in Data1 it will print a 2 '' length of label with about a 1/2 inch of wasted tape on either side . You can not make label length less than 1.5 '' . Labeling one 48 port switch with the minimum size labels -LRB- D1 for data 1 -RRB- left me looking for a new roll of labels when accounting for how many were screwed up by the faulty label cutter . This makes for unneeded waste and was a huge time sink .2 . Can not Serialize a letter and number to increment sequentially . Only able to serialize letters or numbers .3 . The cutter is not automatic -LRB- I knew this before -RRB- . But it also does not cut right meaning it will require numerous reprints depending on how badly mangled the label is .4 . Eats up the batteries faster than I expected . I used a better model with built in rechargeable batteries and it lasted much longer.For something that is supposed to save time and look professional I would go for a higher-end labeler that can do 1 '' wide or wider labels.If you are just labeling a few cables -LRB- 10-15 -RRB- and need labels that will stick this will work for you . If you work in LVCC , Networking or IT look elsewhere .
 This is crap . Looks nice and professional but it is crap . The SPECs says it holds up to 40lbs . My monitor does n't weigh more than 25lbs and it is making the stand sag . If it holds up to 40lbs you are getting on the floor to see the monitor display . SPEC dimensions are rounded up . To me SPECs should be exact . It is not 15 '' wide . Major Over Priced . Inaccurate description . I hardly ever post a review . This is just wrong .
 This stand is beautiful , but wobbles like crazy . The top bows down under the weight of the monitor and wobbles left and right with my typing . Too bad . Will return .
 This is a nice looking stand , however , the metal used for the legs is far too springy . This results in your monitor doing a gentle up-and-down dance if you bump your desk , or walk past your desk , or glance sideways at your desk . It 's a shame since it seems like this would be an excellent stand if only the metal was more rigid . Allsop is saving money by using less metal than they should , and therefore I can only recommend this monitor stand to people who have concrete desks sitting on concrete floors .
 With no support braces at the front of this stand it collapses under the weight of a monitor . Probably ok for a laptop .
 While this stand looks good - it 's a clear case of form over function . Unfortuntely - the stand will wobble as you type if your work surface has any give to it ... which can become distracting as you are trying to work . We ended up returning this stand .
 This does n't look anything like the picture shown.It is actually closer to this http://www.amazon.com/Allsop-Metal-Art-monitor-stand/dp/B0036RA5EA/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1349465438&sr;=8-2&keywords;=allsop+monitor+standI am not going to return it because I do n't want the hassle , I sort of expected this since Amazon seems to be going down in quality lately .
 Do n't expect to use this with a CRT its not strong enough . The monitor bounces back and forth . One large monitor I had here brought the one part down to the desk . Lighter CRTs are OK but not very stable .
 This stand looks okay but it is very unstable . When I put my monitor on it it took 20 seconds to stop wobbling . Very unsturdy .
 I ordered this monitor stand to hold my dell 21 '' computer monitor ... so that it would be at eye level and save my neck . Once I set it up , I immediately noticed that the weight of the monitor -LRB- it 's just a standard flatscreen computer monitor -RRB- causes the whole stand to wobble at the slightest touch or vibration . When I 'm typing and my desk shakes , or even from the vibration of music ... the stand will wobble so that the computer monitor sways forward and back . I find this to be quite a nauseating experience . I feel like I 'm getting seasick on a boat . I think I 'll return this in favor of something more solid ... or a couple of phone books . I would note that this may be a good solution for a laptop computer stand , but it 's not working for me as a monitor stand .
 The stand is not very sturdy . The slightest bump will cause the entire stand -LRB- and the monitor on top of it -RRB- to bounce . Very annoying and nausea-inducing if your desk is in a high traffic area .
