 Since the monitor stand bounces up and down , I had to place a can on one side to stop the bouncing . And after having this product for three years , the black rubber cover became very sticky . I 've replaced it with a monitor stand from 3M .
 When I placed my 24 '' flat panel monitor -LRB- which is not particularly heavy -RRB- on this stand the front tilted down more than 1/2 an inch and it bounces every time i touch my desk . Do n't trust your expensive monitor to this completely unstable platform .
 The Redmond monitor stand has a nice appearance and is the perfect height for my needs ; The problem is that it 's very springy . If I bump my desk , hang up the phone or put my coffee down , my monitor starts to bounce up and down like a bobble-head . I would not recommend this stand unless you are looking to get motion-sick .
 Not very practical . In the picture they show lot of cords but hardly one cord fits
 This phone started having problems from the first day we bought it . -LRB- We should have held on to our receipt and returned it right away in retrospect -RRB- . When going hands-free it would sometimes hang-up and the quality of the answering machine -LRB- understanding the person 's message -RRB- was poor and never seemed loud enough.Recently -LRB- and we purchased it about 1-2 years ago -RRB- the # 4 on the key pad started sticking badly and a few days ago it started not hanging-up when it was supposed to and our phone was consequently off the hook and we did n't know it.It was a pleasure throwing it away last night and now I am on the hunt for a truly great cordless phone !
 Just received two pens which I ordered two days ago , excellent shipping . But it is definitely not a $ 250 pen , not worth for $ 50 , should be in $ 20 range . Poor workmanship .
 The workmanship on this lanyard is awful . The camo is only on one side of the lanyard . It looks terrible . Even the camo side of the lanyard looks stupid because half of the camo is on the outside of the lanyard and the other half is on the inside -LRB- hard to explain but if you ever get this you 'll unfortunately find out for yourself -RRB- . Spend your money on something you wo n't throw out .
 I bought mine at Target on sale for $ 79.99 . Had the same problem as the other reviewer . After about 2 days of use , the lid stopped closing . Basically , the latch piece is only held on to the lid by glue which easily wears out . The same problem occurs with the spring load bracket . The glue holding the bracket wears out and the spring loaded lid stops opening as wide.The garbage can size proportions are odd also , it very narrow and tall . You have to use the extra tall garbage bags which we did n't have -LRB- and did n't want to buy -RRB- .
 The Rival Shredder/Garbage can is a great idea . Sadly , the garbage lid is a spring loaded flip up design that failed after opening and closing the lid 5-6 times . I purchased mine at Circuit City for 79.99 , and returned it 20 minutes . later I did have a bit of fun watching the store clerk try to successfully close the garbage lid , only to have it flip back up in his face.Shredder portion was okay , but I could n't get 7 folded pages to go through . The opening is also 5 '' wide , so paper must be folded the long way .
 Four technicians at Avery , two at MC ... no one was able to get DesignPro to work on my MAC . Avery wo n't support Safari , Firefox wo n't support Adobe on Avery . 4.5 hours and I ca n't print one label.No , Avery , just NO .
 These labels were supposed to be easy peel . However when used to label bottles , they stick as tightly as any other label and are NOT easy peel .
 It did not work.but i will keep it for a paper weight.Or i could use it for target practice.Thank You !
 The unit was defective out of the box . One battery terminal was mounted wrong so that there was no circuit when the batteries were installed . I sent it back for refund and Amazon notified me of the refund . Amazon was great , it was a manufacturing error .
 This product has bad visibility I could not get the back on after I put the batteries on and it has no light up display I ordered it for an 87 year old she is not pleased
 A lesson -LRB- thankfully not an expensive one -RRB- in getting what you pay for . This caller i.d. is compact and runs on batteries , which are the two good things I can say for it . However , the date and time display are almost always wildly incorrect , even after you receive an inbound call -LRB- generally , the inbound call will carry with it the date and time stamp from the telephone company -RRB- . Even after the minimum 2 to 3 rings required for the inbound number to appear , it sometimes appears and sometimes you just get the message `` ERROR . '' -LRB- Thanks a heap . -RRB-
 I 'm not happy with this caller i.d. . It was ` stuck ' in Spanish language when I received it and could not change it to English -LRB- I believe it had been previously returned -RRB- . I did not return it as I was heading out of the country for three weeks and wanted a list of callers upon my return . It is not an accurate record compared to my original caller i.d. instrument .
 We were thrilled to find this unit through Amazon since our original caller ID had lived its life ! This one arrived on time and we were so happy to get it started ! I would say that it lasted about one month before it started showing an error sign instead of the name of the person calling . We are not happy anymore .
 The display is so dim you can hardly read it . It is not worth the money . I would not buy this product again .
 This unit work for a single line phone , but will not pass the second line . This is a design flaw .
 I recently purchased this item when my other phone with caller ID display died . For me , it shows only ERROR when a call comes in , which the manual says is due to interference on the line , but the caller ID displayed fine on my phone . I call the support line twice , left messages , got no call back . When I finally got through , the technician was helpful . I have another phone with caller ID in another part of the house , as well as DSL internet on the same line . It turns out that I have to unplug the internet to get the unit to work at my house , which is a no-go for us , so I 'm returning the unit and will buy an inexpensive phone with caller ID instead .
 I wanted a nice , simple caller id box for my elderly mother . This seemed to fit the bill . However it stopped working in less than a month . Instead of the incoming number the screen shows 88888888888888 and ca n't be cleared .
 This unit may function correctly but it does n't matter much if you ca n't read it . The display characters are big enough but the contrast poor . You can adjust it between `` not very good '' and `` not at all '' . If the lighting in the room is not just right and you are not facing it straight on , forget it . If you wonder why this $ 30 item is being sold for $ 10 , wonder no more .
 I bought this using my iPhone app and did n't see the reviews . Lesson learned . This item is a complete piece of junk.First the screen would n't display any info , then when I finally got the screen working it completely failed within 2 days.Don ' t waste your money on this worthless item .
 I placed fresh batteries in the battery compartment -LRB- yes , with the terminals oriented properly -RRB- and connected the unit to my phone line and phone . I placed a call from my mobile phone to test it out and it worked fine . A few minutes later I noticed that it was no longer on -LRB- the screen was blank -RRB- . I opened the battery compartment to see if the batteries had gotten loose -LRB- I noticed that the springs were very loose and junky looking when I installed the batteries -RRB- and noticed that the batteries were RED HOT!Needless to say I returned it to Amazon immediately . I 'm glad that I did n't walk away after setting it up , the thing might have melted or caught fire before the batteries were depleted.Bottom line
 UPS delivered to home - that was the only positive experience . Installed 3 AAAs . Piece crap does n't work . What do you expect for a product made in China . They can make these things so cheaply there 's no need for product inspection/testing . so what if they a few hundred defective products , they still turn a profit .
 Junk !!! Do not buy this product . Worked 1 day and died . I 've tried several things and it just does not work . Junk !!! I got what I paid for . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 The caller ID box I received was defective . I 'm not sure if the defective ones keep getting returned and resold but the product I received did not work with the batteries I had . So I thought the batteries might be bad although they worked in other products . The new batteries I bought were installed correctly as the direction marked but the screen was still blank . I even tried calling my number to see if that would turn the screen on but nothing happened . So I am returning the product to Amazon and hope they do n't try to sell it to anyone else .
 Like someone else said , the contrast on this is so `` light '' that you can barely read it . It is unacceptable and worthless . I returned it as `` defective . '' Look for another !
 Unfortunately , the element I received does not work . It will not stay in place , so it ca n't be used . And also unfortunately , it would cost as much to send it back as it did to purchase it . So I 'm just SOL.In the long run , I 'll buy a new one instead of a used one . I wanted to see if it was the element I have that is n't working properly or the typewriter itself , so I bought the used one . I still do n't know .
 Good machine , for the money . Noisey , stiff keyboard , not what I wanted for the office .
 I needed a water resistant 900MHz phone to use around the pool.When I saw the Uniden water-resistant WX1377 I orderd it . When I hooked it up it had a loud HUMMMMM in it . I returned it to Amazon with an exchange . The new phone did the same thing . I called the Uniden factoy and learned this phone has a factory grounding deffect . The Uniden folks told me I should return it to the place of purchase and get my money back . I did . I am still looking for a 900MHz phone to use around the pool .
 We had such high hopes for this product and sadly had to return it . Only 20 feet away from the base unit , the clarity was very , very poor . We 've owned many regular cordless phones of varying quality and price-points , yet the least expensive of these were better than this ... they just were n't waterproof . It 's a great concept if they could just make them work well . Sure wish we could find a good waterproof phone !!!
 We had such high hopes for this product and sadly had to return it . Only 20 feet away from the base unit , the clarity was very , very poor . We 've owned many regular cordless phones of varying quality and price-points , yet the least expensive of these were better than this ... they just were n't waterproof . It 's a great concept if they could just make them work well . Sure wish we could find a good waterproof phone !!!
 I actually bought this phone a year ago and returned it . The range was poor and it had a buzz in the background . I saw it in the store again and was hoping it was a newer model . Not sure if it is , but it has the same problems . I will return it again . Too bad , I need a phone for the hot tub.UPDATE . I called Uniden about the buzz . They are aware of the problem . 2 options . They will replace with a non waterproof phone or they will try to repair the phone , but said the buzz may come back . They do n't have a waterproof replacement . Back to the store it goes .
 Just got one of these in the hope that it will survive my three kids , they go through phones pretty quick . This seems to be a very rugged phone , so should last a while . Unfortunately the sound quality is poor and the range is just barely able to cover our small house .
 Surprisingly poor quality for a Uniden phone . Volume is very low -- hard to hear caller . Do n't waste your money .
 Listed as a refurb . Cost < $ 30 . Dead battery . Had to buy another battery for $ 10 . Caller ID does n't work . Phone itself rings and works .
 I ordered the Uniden WXI 377 submersible cordless phone -LRB- refurbished -RRB- to use with my Magic Jack mostly for travel . It is a great looking phone in addition to being water resistant , rugged and reasonably priced . I read the manual , activated the handset and charged the unit for 24 hours , attached the phone line and nothing . Absolutely nothing . I did get a red light indicating that the battery was charging and could feel that the battery compartment was a little warm , but no dial tone , no illuminated screen and nothing but disappointment . I will return this one and get a replacement with high hopes that the new one will at least operate . I did not expect much for under $ 20 , but I did expect it to at least work .
 Please do not waste your time with this one . I purchased this phone to use by the pool and was disappointed to find I could not get any reception more than 30ft from the base . What is the point of having a `` waterproof '' phone if it can not be used outside ? Also , when I was able to receive/make calls , the reception quality was very poor . This phone , although a great idea , is now sitting in the closet collecting dust . I wonder if it 's dust proof too ?
 I ordered wxi377 but they sent the wxi477 without notifying me . At the time , I could have bought the 477 phone for $ 40 cheaper than the 377 phone . They did however refund me $ 20 . Use caution when ordering from this co. . .
 this phone sucks if i leave three feet from the base all i hear is static i reaaly wish i would not have ripped the box up
 hard to use . . exchanged it for a different phone with a real name brand . . i dont know if its because the one i bought was used but it did n't work to well for me .
 I gave this 2 stars mainly because the delivery was on time . It was evident that the phone was used as the box had been opened and re-taped . . -LRB- I understood that before I purchased it -RRB- ... yet when I set it all up according to the manual. , the line was loaded with heavy static and an echoed return voice when I spoke to my party . Sorry , but it is all packed up to be returned .
 I bought one in October and am now searching for another phone . There are problems when someone calls , it disconnects after two rings and there 's a lot of static .
 Well , I had high hopes that this would be a simple , easy to use , reliable , good quality phone ... WRONG ! It was dead and hopelessly so . I called Panasonic 's service number and they offered a few obvious suggestions and I followed all of the troubleshooting tips in the instruction flyer that came with the oh-so-dead phone . No luck ! I 'm trying again and have a replacement -LRB- same model -RRB- on order .
 I bought this product for my father who is going blind from macular degeneration . I thought the big buttons would be easy to use . They were , however the phone lacks the ability to be programed for numbers that he uses regularly .
 Well , like all other 900mhz DSS phones I 've heard , this one has poor sound quality -LRB- I had reason to hope since I own one of Panasonic 's excellent 900mhz analog phones -RRB- . The sidetone is n't as bad as what I 've heard in other 900 DSS phones , but it 's still there and the sound is n't close to analog . I called my wife as a test , and she said it sound like I was talking in a box . Alas , for those of you wanting a phone with digital security that sounds good , I have no answer . The Panasonic 2.4 gig phones sound good , but are apparently not fully secure as they transmit partially in analog ... sigh .
 With today 's technology , this company appears to be behind the times . This is clearly not what I expected , LED screen was not displaying some of the numbers when dialing and the volume , even to the highest possible limit , was not adequate . I have a Panasonic cordless with an ansering machine that I was trying to replace . I will be keeping the old one because even with the abuse it 's suffered over the last three years , it 's still in better shape than this one .
 I purchased this cordless phone on 11/27/2005 online . When it arrived I read the insturction manual , then let the battery charge for the 10 hours it recommended . When it was fully charged I tried to use the phone , handset would not communicate with the base unit.Returned for exchange , new phone worked well on out going calls , but incomming call 's could not communicate with handset.The sound quality was less than great , awnsering system was of very poor sound quality , all in all just a poor quality system . Returned and exchanged for a Panasonic KX-TG2431W
 My Fellowes PS-70 strip shredder purchased 12/1994 finally shattered its metal drive gear on bank statements after 14 years of service . After some investigations in to a new shredder , I narrowed my decision down to the Royal VF1700MX and Fellowes SB-87Cs . Both these units are heavy duty , but I could only find one review for the VF1700MX even though it has been on the market for a year . I purchased both and compared them in a side by side test . Here is what I found.Royal VF1700MX
 Our office purchased this shredder in Feb 2007 . In May 2009 it 's dead . So we got 2 years of use out of it . We have 13 employees which produce around a ream a week of shredding . The power does slow down considerably when shredding more than a sheet at a time , and it does seem like it will just quit sometimes . Ours now makes a loud noise when you turn it on -LRB- maybe due to the other reviewer 's findings of keeping it unplugged . We never have unplugged it -RRB- . It 's an ok shredder , but not really a `` heavy duty . '' Would not buy again .
 We had this machine for 2 years and it finally died . We shred less than 1/2 ream of paper a week , so I would consider the useage as light/medium duty . The shredder is a beast , it weighs about 30 pounds and takes up a fair amount of space . However , anything more than 4 sheets bogs the motor so badly that you start praying it will make it through without stopping . In addition , the shredded bits end up gathering on the sides of the motor , which no doubt contribute to the load . I think this shredder is poorly designed and am very happy with the Fellowes PS 12 I bought to replace it . It 's twice as powerful with half the weight and half the space , plus at a lower price !
 I have had this shredder for about a year . I do very light shredding.It currently is inoperable . It runs for a second , then says OVERLOAD , even when putting one sheet in.I turned it over , pulled out any little pieces ... and noticed that near the front of the griders , that area seems impacted with paper or possibly plastic . I have tried to clear that area out.We have shredded a few out of date credit cards , but in the center ... not in the front . not sure why this would get all impacted and render the machine useless.This machine has consumed many hours of my trying to fix this ... and the ROYAL website is useless.I will be looking for a new shredder ... and it will not be a ROYAL .
 Hidden withing the instructions , they tell you to keep this unplugged unless it is in use . How inconvenient is that ? I used this about 3 times before it was totally unusable . Guess the fact it was plugged in , it got fried by a power surge . Completely useless . It is headed for the curbside trash .
 It was cheap but the eraser started falling off the day I got it . I had to tape it back on but what the hell ? It 's a giant freakin ' pencil ! I keep it at my desk at work so I can ask people if they want to use my big pencil . :-RRB- It 's worth the few bucks .
 I was not happy with the pencil at all . Poor quality just cheep all the way around . Pay the extra money to have better quality .
 First of all I did n't even get my package . My address is right because I have ordered things and got them before from Amazon . Second of all IT 'S NOT FREE SHIPPING . Your ending up paying $ 5.00 for shipping . I was going to get the pencil as a joke but that never happened and now I 'm working on a refund . Take my advice do n't waste your time buying this product it will never show up .
 I did n't notice the `` Colors may vary '' text , so mine was red , not yellow . The shape is actually octagonal , not hex like a real pencil . While the lead had a plastic protective cap , of the two pencils I ordered , both were broken . Both the eraser and area under the protective cap shows significant wear from handling . Since this was for a fabrication project , I hedged my bets and also got a pencil from Pencil Craft online . Theirs is properly made , well packaged and quite nice , and not much more expensive .
 We purchased these knowing they were thin . However , we did not expect them to be `` seconds . '' The white reinforcement strip was peeled up on some . Dozens of tags where the holes were punched were still attached . Some of the punched holes were puckered . Some were mis-struck or whatever the process is , so that there were folded-back areas that left holes in the sheet protectors along the binding edge . Sorry about the poor descriptions , but I 'm not an engineer.These work okay with full 8x10 or 8-1/2 x11 items , but they are dreadful if you have smaller things -LRB- like , say , an index card . Unfortunately , about 60 % of what we have to put in sheet protectors is 5x7 or smaller , so the sheet protectors just did n't have the `` backbone '' they would 've gotten from a full-size item.They also do not handle heavy pieces , such as documents that have multiple pages or thick pamphlets.One thing we discovered is we had to `` roll '' the full-size pages into a U shape in order to get them in the sheet protectors because the corners would hang up in the crimped edges . It was easier to roll the paper , slide it in , then flatten it out once it was all the way in the sheet protector.If you 've got hundreds of pages of full-size material and need to conserve space in your binders , these will work . For other applications , look for a different product.We found boxes of 200 heavy-weight Samsill brand sheet protectors at Sam 's Club for $ 9.98 . While we prefer to shop at Amazon , we 've got ta go elsewhere when the price difference is this substantial .
 I purchased this item with the hopes that it would do what the product advertised , protect sheets of paper . However , the protectors are poorly made , very thin and bend and ruffle easily inside of my binder . When pulling out the sheet of paper , the protectors easily lose form and `` crumple '' similar to tissue . I am definitely not pleased with the quality of this item .
 This product , although it does look good on the screen , is of poorer quality than one would expect for the price . Mine was poorly packaged , and the middle sorter piece was broken in the shipping process . I attempted to reassemble , but the wood/screws had stripped and would no longer hold .
 My product arrived with the leather ripped and two black blotches on it.After I immediately reported the item for its defects , I have still had no word or offer of reimbursement or replacement.What a waste of time and money .
 This document holder is flimsy and overpriced . The only way to keep it from tipping under its own weight it to stick it to the desk with the adhesive strips provided , but I want to be able to move it around so this is n't an option . Definitely going back .
 I was surprise about the cheap material that was used to make the product . Especially for 50 bucks ! The directions were poor about how to put the item together . I am seating at my desk looking at it . I wonder if I should have paid a 100 dollars for the bigger one.Thank you dlw .
 There are a couple pros to this easel . 1 - The easel is stable . 2 - It is one of the few easels I have found that is truley double sided , meaning I can hang two pieces of canvas on them and my children can use it in tandem . Most of the easels I have found that claim to be dual sided are really just one drawing side and one dry erase/chalk side . Past that , I ca n't really find anything nice to say.First off - this is NOT worth the money I spent on it . For what I spent I highly expected something of much better quality . Instead , I got some slabs of wood and bolts . The storage bins are cardboard and you have to fold them together yourself . They will not last past the first use and I 'll have to go through the trouble of making my own . To top it off , for the size , the actual work space is small . They could have made it bigger and given the kids more room to create.I would suggest this only as a last resort .
 i had callvantage for about 10 months and it was always spotty . set up was a cinch , and the website they provide is excellent . however , from the moment i plugged the telephone adapter in , i had problems . i ca n't recall the model number of the TA , off-hand . but it was one of their earlier linksys models . the installation instructions stressed that the TA needed to sit between my cable modem and wireless router.my first issue became apparent immediately after installation . my phone worked just fine and i made a number of calls . my wireless router , unfortunately , was totally neutralized . i could connect to it directly . dhcp still worked . i could log in and play with my administrator settings -LRB- to no avail -RRB- . i just could n't access the internet . as best i could tell , the Telephone Adapter was totally and completely blocking traffic that was coming from the wireless router.this problem was eventually resolved by their tech support . i believe what they did was open up the TA to all traffic coming from my router 's IP . i did n't question the safety of this solution ... i was just happy to have my internet working . it was at this time that i was made aware of an interesting feature of this -LRB- and perhaps other -RRB- telephone adapters . the TA tests and maintains a minimum amount of bandwidth with the outside world . if the TA detects too much non-VOIP traffic passing through it from the internet to devices inside its network -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- , it resets itself and/or blocks the traffic.that bears repeating . if the TA determines its not getting enough bandwidth , it claims it all for itself ... this has nothing to do with whether or not you 're using the phone at the time -- an incoming call could come at any moment . but when the TA does this , and i never figured out how to adjust that cutoff threshold , you 've got no internet.at times , it took 10 or 15 minutes before i could connect to the outside world again . for someone who works in IT from his home , this is unacceptable . worse , for those 10 or 15 minutes , all the cost advantages of using this service evaporate . i 'm paying $ 40/month for broadband internet access that i ca n't use . in my mind , callvantage just got $ 40/month more expensive ... because that 's all i can use my cable modem for.other issues abounded , but they all seemed to trace back to the fact that my TA was bunk and seriously hogging my connection . i had a desktop computer connected directly to the TA and it exhibited every symptom of this problem you could imagine . slow downloads . pages not loading . strange browser errors about not being able to access a domain -LRB- blocking traffic to/from my DNS servers ? -RRB- and web pages that would only load if i typed `` http : / / '' before the `` google.com '' . i called callvantage customer service at least a dozen times , but not with great regularity . regardless of what the other reviewers have said about customer service , with the myriad problems i had with callvantage , not once did their customer service line keep me on hold for less than 10 minutes . these customer service representatives are trained to guide you through exactly two procedures
 I am a current CallVantage customer and have received a letter from CallVantage informing me that all CallVantage service will be discontinued after October 20 , 2009 .
 AT&T has announced that they will be closing down this service in the next few months ...
 My initial experience was very good , until I added a wireless internet video camera to my HOME LAN . Evidently , remote access to your HOME LAN is impossible with the D-Link DVG-1120M connected between your Cable/DSL modem and your router.Despite the information obtained from the AT&T ; Call Vantage Support Web site -LRB- see `` Full Installation Guide '' identifying an option for connecting the D-Link DVG-1120M off of a router connected to your cable modem -RRB- , you will get no support . My request to activate the AT&T ; CallVantage D-Link DVG-1120M T/A in this configuration was refused , since it is `` not supported '' by AT&T ; CallVantage.If you have no additional plans to take advantage of the many applications available for broadband internet access , then this should work fine . Otherwise , go with Linksys .
 I ordered At & t VOIP on July 15th . I received the TA -LRB- telephone adapter -RRB- from FedEx within 3 business days . I plugged in the adapter and within a few minutes everything was complete . Except the connection . I called tech support for assistance they were helpful . They told me `` Yes , sir . '' I show that your land line phone was ported to CallVantage , what can i help you with ? '' After a few minutes , they told me that my internet provider `` Adelphia '' was not currently compatible with their network system . So I had to send back the TA and go back to land line at & t service . Heres the nightmare . Only July 15th they started the port back . On August 31 , yes you are reading correctly , August 31 i got my land line phone back and a few minutes after a call from At & t saying
 I called At & T Calvantage order the service on 9/30 and receive the adapter on Oct. 7th , hooked the TA up on Oct. 8th and was able to dial outboud call immediately , the voice quality is pretty good , but it obviously take up lots of the speed . I was informed the service will be fully transfered on Oct. 11 . As of yesterday , Oct. 12 , I still have dial tone in my old regular phone line and the inbound calls were ring to my old phone instead of the calvage phone -LRB- I have two phone hooked up cause At & t asked me to keep the phone hooked to the wall jack before the transfer complete -RRB- , I contacted AT&T acquire about my order , I was told AT&T is having problem to complete my order and if my old phone stop to have dial tone , the inbound call will go to my voice mail . Well , as long as I know who 's call ing and people can reach my voice mail , I am ok . This morning , Oct. 13 , I picked my phone and there 's no dial tone , I use my cell phone to call my number ... `` The number you have called is not valid or no longer in service . '' What ?! What the heck is going on , I tried again , same situation , I have my friends called me , same message ... . time to call At & T , and boy am I mad about the AT&T 's rep 's response . I informed her my situation , she investigate my account for a few minutes and then put me on hold for a short while , after she come back , she said At & T is having problem with my account and have no estimate time when will the problem be resolved , I asked a few quesiton and was keep interrupted by her said that that 's the situation and nothing else she can tell me , sounds very impatient and not helpful , I guess probably because she already knows that they have major problem with my account and do not have an idea how to solve it , I ask for a supervisor , no supervisor , someone will call me back within 48 hours , I asked for complain dept , sure , mail it to a po box address in Missourri , I was VERY frustrated and asked so as customer of AT&T , does that mean there 's nothing I can do but accept the situation , the answer was `` YES '' , she also implied I am not the only one having problem , there A LOT OF people facing the same problem like me , and I am welcome to look into alternative ... . great , so this is AT&T 's customer service . Anyway , I called Verizon immediately , and sign up for their Voice Wing service , you may ask why do I look into pocket8 or Vontage , I really need to keep my current number and voice quality is very important to me . I will report back here let you know how things work out , but I was be very causious if you are considering AT&T 's VoIP service , if you are lucky , you will have good voice quality and their price is not that bad , but if not , be prepared you might face situation like mine or another reviewer ...
 Purchased these binders for an office setting waiting room . I wanted something to protect our written information in a waiting area and to keep people from walking off with useful magazines in our small office ... These binders have very thin clear plastic covers that are already tearing from repeated use after a few monthes . I would not recommend this binder for heavy use but maybe for just preserving a copy of a magazine that is not used often
 I ordered these expecting legal pads with sticky on the paper . What i got was big post its with lines on them . They just look like regular colorful post-its , not like the pads photographed . There is nothing wrong with them , but I just want people to know what they are getting ...
 I have n't used this product long enough to comment on its other characteristics , but I have to mention it has a peculiar unpleasant odor . There 's a typical chemical solvent smell , but alongside it is a sour milk smell that makes the product very unpleasant to use . I get the same bad smell from the Weiman Granite Wipes that we bought for our countertops . I 'll stick with Sharpie .
 I use fine or ultra fine permanent markers every day . I like how the fine point Marks A Lot pens write . They tip does seem to lose its shape a bit as they age , so the written line gets a bit wider . At first , I thought they might be my Sharpie replacements . That is not to be . I just went though a box of 12 in 2-3 months . Some only wrote for a few days . The same size box of Sharpies would last 2-3 times as long . Another thing that annoyed me was that I had to scribble on scrap paper to get them to write at full strength if I 'd stopped writing for a few minutes . I wasted time , ink , and paper doodling so they would write correctly .
 I receieved one of these biscuit shaped glue bottles 9 years ago , with my biscuit joiner , and used it religiously -- at first . Over the years , and several thousand biscuits later , I find laying down a thin stream of glue followed by brushing the glue to a uniform thickness on the board and biscuit surface produces a much stronger joint . Investing the 19.95 + in bulk throw-a-way applicator brushes is a better use of the money .
 I purchased one of these a few months ago after using my buddies Lamello glue system . I thought it would work the same . I wasted ... . I chucked it and bought the lamello . It was $ 20 more expensive but there 's a big deffernce . Do n't forget the disposable brushes .
 Real junk ! less than one hour of use , the silly plastic chain that holds the cap broke . the sponge in the base creates a mess at the nozzel that requires cleaning prior to use . the holes in the nozzel are at the end rather than on the side , thus requiring greater effort to cote the bisquit slot . No gasket or seal in the cap thus , you guessed it ; the unit leaks . All of you looking at this bottle , do n't buy it .
 Although most other products list quantity by the number of sheets , these folks cleverly give number of cards.It 's really 20 sheets of 10 . If you are like me and buy printer products in large quatities , do n't get confused with their `` count ''
 Boss mid back executive chair instructions are to first remove all screws and hardware on the underside of the seat . There are no packets of screws the screws were install prior to shipping to be removed and reused by the customer . Manually I could not budge even the first screw and hurt my wrist trying . Also note the back of the chair is material not leather and it looks tacky to me . In the picture it is a sharp looking chair . In real life it is not . There was no info online stating that these screws were machine tightened/installed . It looked like it would have been a comfortable chair had I been able to assemble it .
 The holes are not all the same size and it is hard -LRB- if not impossible -RRB- to get pens to fit and stay in .
 The markers do n't draw well and markers do n't stay well in holder . I often have to redraw a line or two . Brought just about every type of dry erase staff maker . Do n't waste your money , get a `` vice grip '' staff maker .
 The surface of this pad is like velvet . In my opinion , that 's not a good surface for a mousepad . There 's just too much friction.I also have an odd aversion to velvet - whenever I stroke anything velvet , it feels like nails on a chalkboard for me . I wish I 'd known that this thing was velvety .
 Bad quality of the product . In the first time , the roller ball was defective and the refills was dry , dont wrote ! After I returned the product , the roller ball was good , but the refills again was completely dry , it dos n't work . Really disspointed , also I have to pay twice for international shipping .
 I ordered this item being a left handed and looking for this exact product . It appears to be well made but my complaint is I find the title deceiving . This order is NOT for multiple spirals but rather just ONE . The picture and title showed it to be multiple rather than a single one.Good product just very disappointed at paying close to $ 8 for one spiral . Most likely will not order again .
 This device is a toy , and a poor one at that . The visibility is low , the instruction `` manual '' is ineffective , the stylus effectiveness primitive-to-nil and the sequencing of contents clumsy . ` Nuff sed .
 This is a piece of junk . Cheap , flimsy plastic . The back piece with the magnets was attached with double-sided tape . The two pieces separated the first time someone tried to remove a marker . It gets zero starts . Do n't buy it .
 The picture in the description , is not what I received.The picture clearly shows a box of 100 SWINGLINE paper clips , which are at least 2 inches in length.The items ' description clearly states that the buyer will receive 1 box , of 200 paper clips.I received a box of 200 SMALL paper clips , which are only 1 inch in length.I informed Amazon customer service about the problem.They told me that I could not return paper clips , because they might be dangerous.Amazon.com quickly sent me a replacement.Amazon.com sent me a box of 200 , 1 inch paper clips.At this point , Amazon had me return the second box of 1 inch paper clips and issued me a full refund.I never received what I ordered.I GOT TO KEEP 1 BOX OF 200 1 INCH PAPER CLIPS , THAT I DID NOT NEED , ABSOLUTELY FOR FREE !
 My comments on this products are as follows .1 . Words on the screen are too small to read .2 . Voice is too low and not clear .3 . Letter keys are too small to push not even comparable to your Spanish-English dictionary BES-1890 . Over all , this dictionary has an attractive appearance but it 's impractical to use . I do n't think it 's a good product .
 This translator is a total waste of money as it will only translate one word at a time , a $ 6.50 dictionary does a better job and my computer will translate complete items/phrases . This needs updating and improving . Very overpriced for what it does .
 I bought this unit before there were any reviews written . I figured I would take a gamble since this is the BES-1890 -LRB- i.e. has a higher model number than the rest -RRB- . There are some good features of this model and there are some bad features . I will skip these for now though and report on one feature that is an absolute showstopper : There is a bug in the hardware that repeats the first line of anything written in italics . This is really really annoying and is very common . I have no idea how this made it past Q&A. ; For example , I have the unit in front of me now . I type in `` arte '' into the Spanish dictionary . Here is what I get : arte nmf -LRB- usually m in singular , f in usually m in singular , f in plural -RRB- 1
 De este producto no puedo opinar ya que lleg&oacute; en mal estado , es decir no funcionaba . No reclam&eacute; a la tienda ya que en verdad no s&eacute; donde lo da & ntilde ; aron .
 I just got it . It is quite poor.First , the speaking part
 I liked this unit so after 1 year when the first on I bought quit working I bought another one . well a year later !!!!!!!! guess what !!!!!
 The translator arrived in package with the plastic covering opened . And when we inserted batteries we say that the screen was damaged and the translator was useless.Contacted the seller and was told to return for a refund.Have returned the translator to rainbow wholesales and they are now telling me that the translator was not the original one they had sent , and had been used for several years -LRB- according to them -RRB- . Absolutely not true ! This was after I had received an e mail telling me that they were having problems with pay pal sending the refund . I advised them that I paid via visa and just to refund to the visa account . I was then told that they were having problems refunding to my visa account.Terrible customer service and obviously not ethical to say the least .
 This `` dictionary '' has a screen that is almost completely illegible . Too much info . is displayed in too small an area and in a -LRB- non-backlit -RRB- format . Keys are alos not well marked . It is also `` factory packaged '' in a hard plastic sheel that one has to break into in order to try out the device . Some sellers will not accept returns if the package is opened . Sort of a `` Catch 22 . '' I had hoped that this -LRB- and other -RRB- Franklins would be better designed and user-tested . Pretty sad .
 This product did not say the word that was translated . It would only say the original word . It does not translate phrases only a single . Sent it back
 The snap fastener for the badge was always coming unsnapped and did n't really have the holding power necessary to keep the badge attached . My badge was always falling off and getting lost . I eventually had to stop using the product .
 3 out of 4 of these things work -LRB- 4th would n't retract -RRB- . They feel cheesy , but they 're inexpensive .
 What idiot designed a file box that will not accommodate file top labels . Nice looking box until you try to use it for the reason you bought it .
 For $ 34 , these are very flimsy . They will not hold if packed full with books or papers . There are stronger storage boxes on the market in this price range .
 I really do n't like this product very much . It 's rather flimsy & certainly not worth the money . As mentioned by a previous reviewer , the lid is n't secure because it just rests on top of the files . I think that was an intentioal design but not a good one . If the quality was better , I could overlook it . If you 're going to spend this kind of money , do n't choose this product .
 I was looking for a file cabinet , but realized they cost more than I wanted to spend right now -LRB- $ 100 to $ 200 -RRB- . So as an alternative I thought I would buy a file box that would look stylish and be in my price range as a temporary solution . The Cargo Naturals Dual file box is nothing more than a pretty cardboard box and it arrived with a dent in the side -LRB- showing how flimsy it is -RRB- . I expected it to at least be coated with wax or something , but it 's literally made of cardboard . For the quality of this product I would expect to pay about $ 10-15 not the $ 34 I paid . It does hold hanging file folders nicely and does look attractive , however I feel I paid 3 times more than what it 's worth .
 For those who do n't want of need a regular file cabinet but need to store files that occasionally are accessed it works well . I have it on open shelves . The one drawback is the ` ill fitting ' and poorly designed lid . It should have been deeper to allow for the file labels ? Otherwise , it works . The lid non-function rates a two star item .
 I purchased this to show my love for the NY Yankees . The `` NY '' symbol is only a sticker placed in the middle of the badge holder . My `` NY '' has nearly completely rubbed off after less than one year . As a badge holder , this works fine . If you are buying it to show pride in your team then I would not purchase this one . Very disappointed but atleast it was not expensive .
 I wear a badge at work and being a Red Sox fan thought this would be a great item to have . Well I just wore it for a half day and the metal clip actually broke in half so I ca n't say I 'm too impressed with this product . Usually the line will break after prolonged use but never the clip .
 This product was faulty . It would not record . The manufacturer could not be contacted by email or phone to get service . They may be out of business . The distributor did let me send it back for credit . I should have paid attention to an earlier similar unsatisfactory review .
 I just bought this item . The product itself is a piece of junk.The Rec and Play buttons wo n't stay down to do their job . Or , they stay down for 5 seconds then pop back up so it is completely unusable . I plugged it into a phone jack and now because it did n't work right , I have to call the phone company and get them to check my line for new line noise that really disturbs conversations . I 'm going to just throw it in the trash and NEVER buy this manufacturer 's products again . The vendor did their job very well but the product itself not only ca n't be used but disturbs your phone line and also I had to replace an electrical outlet . Do Not Waste your Money and do not even get this if it was free ; it is not worth damaging your phone and electric circuit . Sorry I had to give it one star . . would have preferred to give it a zero .
 I bought two of these thinking that since they were simple cassette recorders they should work OK . They both shut off when in the record mode without coming to the end of the tape because the `` end of tape '' auto shut off operates . I have had them for over a year and during the year the manufacturer gave me several tips on how to get them to operate properly but none of them helped . I used to be a electronic designer and an electronic repair technician for consumer electronic equipment and I feel that for both of these units they must have design defects . The manufacturer refuses to repair them since the short warranty period is over . I feel they should have in my case since I have two units in hand both have the exact same problems from day one and they are not related to any `` wear and tear '' on the product . I normally do not write any reviews but since I am so insulted by the manufacturer I have written this one .
 We had the worst experience with FURNITUREBUZZ . If U happen to not like the furniture or changed your mind shortly after U orded it , be ready to pay 3 TIMES MORE !!!! We did !!! They charged for shipping to us -LRB- which is understandable $ 39.44 -RRB- and then also for the return $ 28.30 . TOTAL $ 120.74 including the cost of the furniture piece !!! Do n't waste your money . Even if something that U orded was inexpencive ... We 've never heard or experienced that a customer has to pay for a return . We REFUSED the package - DID ' T OPEN it ! Nobody charges for that !!! We 're very , very upset . This is a robbery ! FurnitureBuzz is the worst experience we 've ever had!ALWAYS CHECK THE RETURN POLICY before U order !!!!!
 This pointer was great at first . Out of the box it was very bright and the beam could easily be seen from a perpendicular viewpoint . Afterwards , however , it dimmed dramatically . I tried changing the batteries , and that fixed it for a few seconds until it dimmed again . The optical components that I could get to -LRB- beam shaper and collimating lens -RRB- were very loose , which leads me to believe that the dye crystal that turns the laser green probably loosened as well . Spend the extra money to get a better laser than this one .
 I use pointers a lot for my job . This one is by far the worst . During one of my presenations , the pointer lost focus and became an indiscernible blob . In addition , the laser sometimes takes a few moments to gather strength - it starts dim and gets brighter . Again , this is a non-starter when you are trying to make a positive impression . Bottom line is stay away from this product .
 This product does not work well on hard floors . It is constantly sliding out from under my feet . The heater has never worked , unfortunately I bought it in the spring and did not try to use the heater until months later .
 I was totally disappointed with this - the two control buttons , which are of poor quality , only worked correctly once . It did n't power up out of the box after I first plugged it in when trying it out so I tried another outlet - still nothing . I gave the control panel box a little shake to see if maybe something loose was inside , but nothing . I plug it back in and now it works . Okay , so maybe the magic shake fixed it . I leave it on for a couple minutes and can tell it is warming up a little.I unplug it , and move it under my desk to get it situtated in its new home . Guess what - no power - does n't work . Pull it out and try other outlets along with the magic shake , still nothing.By the way - this was obviously in another customers hands before me . It appears there are supposed to be 4 feet for the bottom that plug into the base , but they were missing . Perhaps I am mistaken there.However , whomever repackaged this did n't bother wrapping up the cords and securing them in the twist ties - they just stuffed all that back into the box . Looks like I got someone else 's return . Is n't that special . It is being sent back.No , I will not be getting a replacement .
 I used this for about a month . It was too hot to put my feet on so I had to put two towels over it . Then it overheated and melted the plastic .
 The heat sensor did not work so I sent it back . I received a call from the manufacturer about a week ago that a new one was sent out , I am still waiting for it .
 Another item that does not work but cheaply made in China.When are are we going to get quality from China ?
 The phone thought it was constantly off the hook and just kept timing , the switch that hangs the phone up on the hand set stopped working.Cheap phone .
 This seems to be a great phone , however the handset falls off the base when you try to mount it vertically on a wall jack . There is no `` lip '' to keep the handset on the base ... it is not possible to mount this on the wall !!!
 The entire line of Lingo translators are difficult to use , full of errors , and the company 's support is non-existent . There are very few products that I would classify as a complete waste of money and this is one of them . Please save you money and potential frustration in learning a language or traveling abroad .
 Anyone can make a sticker . Trend was known for their Scratch N Sniff stickers when I was young . These stickers are basically nice stickers that sort of smell like something other than paper or glue . This is not the purpose of them . They are supposed to smell distinctly like their intended food . Stay away if you are seeking a quality fragrance .
 I am a teacher of young students who adore earning smelly stickers . My supply was low and I decided to give these a try . Although they carry the same name brand of the ones I use at school , they are of inferior quality and have no smell AT ALL ! I am extremely disappointed in both the high price and quality and will not purchase them again .
 This paper shredder quit working . I took it back to Target and they did nothing . WORTHLESS !
 After returning this item 3 TIMES due to defective product , my 4th shredder only lasted a month . This product just stops working . When it does work , it shreds papers very slowly and wo n't take more than 3 pages at a time , contrary to the product description that states it will take 5 . This product is below standards and should be taken off the shelf .
 Ive had this shredder for about a year and it worked ok for about 2 months after which it barely could shred 1 sheet of paper . Now I have to put the paper through 2-3 times just to shred it . -LRB- Single pass just ` bites ' the paper now -RRB- . This shredder looks great but isnt reliable at all . Also , the pencil sharpener never worked well even when new !
 I drove 60 miles to the nearest Target . Brought the paper shredder amongst other things . I like Michael Graves designs.Got home plugged it in not working tried other plugs not working.I wish I had read these reviews first . No wonder it was on sale.Now I have to return it .
 I 've had this unit for just over a month . Minimal useage . I was happy with it until it died . Must be a fuse or something inside as there is no power indicator . I know the plug works , the unit is dead however . Now I have to figure out how to get the thing repaired and decide if it 's worth it .
 I really liked the design of this product . That 's about it . It 's really slow , just like the others have said . I received it as a Christmas present -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . The motor burned out a few days ago -LRB- late February -RRB- . It 's not like I over-used it , it was used according to specifications and instructions . The product just is n't up-to-scratch . Save your money , or someone else 's .
 Stylish , woorks well , etc. but all moot when it dies completely -LRB- the indicator lights do not even light up -RRB- . Took a chance and lost ! I would not buy another .
 I was very drawn to this shredder for it 's contemporary look , but very displeased with it 's performance . I bought one and took it home , only to have it quit after one day ! I returned it for another , as I thought it faulty . After opening the box , I found the second shredder had been re-packaged and it too , was not working . I returned a third time , inspected the box in the store , and brought it home , but it did n't even light up when plugged in ! This should be recalled !
 Now , I did n't anticipate this to be a heavy-duty paper shredder , but I expected it to perform . It 's fine if you are shredding credit card offers and other items , but when I went to destroy some old files , the motor died . At most , I shredded 100 pieces of paper before this happened . I expect a little more for a shredder this pricey .
 Was initially happy with this good-looking addition to my office corner at home , but it choked on a credit card -LRB- very important to be able to shred ! and the claims said one card will shred fine -RRB- and it 's now dead . I 'm disabled and ca n't use scissors , so this was supposed to be a very useful tool . Is it worth trying to get it fixed ? I sure did n't get enough use out of it to justify the investment , and if I have to go through hoops to get it fixed , it 's not worth my time . Wish I 'd read these other reviews first . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! Buy function , not form -LRB- ca n't seem to get both in the same package -RRB- .
 I used my shredder twice . In the middle of shredding the secnd time , it stopped working . I ca n't even get the power light to go on . I guess I got what I paid for .
 Just not up to snuff . Very slow shredder and seldom does the paper feed all the way through unless you hit the clear button each time . As always , ALL FORM , NO FUNCTION .
 Item was delivered without instructions AND shredder was jammed already but & quot ; previous owner & quot ; . I paid our good money for what I thought was a new item , but probably received someone else 's returned item . TARGET.COM has nerve shipping an item in this condition , and will not see my money again.First and last order from Target.com !
 Had less than a year of use . Ca n't find the receipt so I 'm just going to chuck it .
 I drove 50 miles to the nearest target . Brought the paper shredder with other items.I like Micheal Graves designs . Got home plugged the shredder in not working , tried other plugs nothing . Wish I had read these reviews first . Now I have to return it . No wonder it was on sale .
 Wanted cross-cut shredder and it does that . Slowly , very slowly . You would think it was cutting through a log . Does not pull the paper all the way through . Have to use reverse or clear every time . Do n't expect that the motor will last as it strains far too much for so little paper.Haven ' t tried the pencil sharpener , would rather not know , I will hire a squirrel to knaw my pencils for me . ALL FORM , NO FUNCTION !
 Love Michael Graves line at Target ' . Bought the shredded , usual househoold light load ... it fried about 3 months after use . So what do I do ???? Run back to Target ' and buy the same exact model ... because its cool . This time got an entire 2 months worth of light household use . You can be sure I will not make the same mistake a third time.Do yourself a favor ... buy something else .
 This shredder has a safety function which does not allow the power to be turned on unless it is completely inserted into the bin . If it is even slightly angled or out of place , it will not turn on . This is a feature that is helpful , but the user must be made aware of . The manufacturer of this product does not bother to tell us . As a result , many buyers -LRB- including me -RRB- concluded their unit was malfunctioning when it stopped powering on . A bit of jiggling will allow the unit to sit properly and thus allow it to power on . This a major oversight by the designer . Other than that , it works well .
 I purchased one of these at the local Target store . I got it home , plugged it in and it did n't work . I ended up exchanging it twice and eventually just got them to start testing them in the store . I went through 5 total and not even one would come on when plugged in . I gave up on it . It 's pretty , but does n't seem to work very well .
 I was never able to get any level of acceptable reception on this phone and ended up replacing it with a used Toshiba phone that puts this one to shame . The only positive I can think of about this phone is that at least I did n't waste much money on it .
 I bought this phone a little over a year ago . Recently , I attempted to use the software provided to enable `` Surfing the Internet '' , `` Wireless Data Gateway '' , `` Upload Phone Directory from Microsoft Outlook vis USB Connection '' . Since I could n't figure out how to use these features I called Olympia Customer Service and was told that the software was not compatible , do n't use it , and none of the above listed features work . So this phone is merely another two-line cordless expandable phone like so many others with a lot of hype for features that do not work . Do n't buy this !!! And do n't buy any other Olympia product because their advertising on this item is false and deceptive . they are just trying to dump this item since it is rife with malfunctions . The `` High Power Bluetooth USB Adpater '' & the software included I was told by Olympia is useless .
 This phone looks great on paper - but after one week of use , it 's shown to be worth returning .1 . Base speaker phone hears me great , but volume is so low I can hardly hear the other person .2 . Base is cheaply made and slides around on your desk . It has no LCD screen of it 's own .3 . Setup is truely annoying . Instructions are unclear and in an oddly prioritized . I am in the IT industry . I ca n't imagine how it must be for someone without experience .4 . Extra handsets are weak , expensive and kept
 Bought through Amazon from Hello Direct . Product does n't work period . It is a very cheap flimsey phone . On top of that you are not getting what you are paying for . They removed software and USB cables from the box as apparently the product never worked properly . Hello Direct did n't mention this up front . And I had to pay freight to return it . Hello Direct gets zero business from me in the future . If you are selling a stripped product that does n't function properly you need to tell people that up front . Bluetooth Ha - HA
 I purchased this phone 2 years ago and tried several times to figure out the echoing when I was on a call ! Ourtgoing or incoming-either one ! I researched - wanting the best and feel it is the worst of all I have had ! The software was useless ! All of the things it said it was supposed to do-it did n't do ! I packed it away for 1 year and I just got it out again after I had gained computer knowledge , nothing changed ! It was not me-it was the phone !
 Bought an office suite and had it professionally assembled . It fell apart when we moved the office . Not to mention that it cost a lot to have it assembled unless you want to spend days doing it yourself.Not recomended ... Cheap pressboard with laminate . Buy real furniture instead .
 I think that the price is to much for this computer desk . I think $ 100.00 would be a good price , but I do not think that $ 200 or $ 300 is reasonable.I would get a bigger desk for the same amount of money that you will spend on this desk .
 The phone itself is fine . It 's a basic corded phone that is wall or desk mountable -LRB- though to mount on the wall , you need to pull out a little tab and reinsert it upside down so that the receiver catches on it and stays on the wall -RRB- . Unfortunately , I ordered this phone in red after seeing the photo on Amazon , and it is totally inaccurate ! The picture appears to be a bright , vibrant red , but in reality , the color is more like a drab maroon . It does n't go with my decor at all . The shipping ended up costing me more than the phone itself , so I 'm not going to return it , but will instead pony up a few more dollars and buy a black replacement . Hopefully that wo n't end up being gray or something ...
 I ordered the phone and was very happy with the color and the size and everything about it ! But , it only worked for one day ?? Then I tried to contact EVERYBODY to get a replacement and no one returned my call ? I paid more for shipping then for the phone so I wo n't be returning it .
 this pen was not what I expected , fine point . I would rate it closer to medium . It is okay for an everyday pen , but not if you have to write all day on a job like I do . Which was the reason I was looking for a fine point pen that was inexpensive . I usually use gel and it is not the same quality , no where close . I do not plan to buy any more .
 The pen writes very smooth . It requires almost no down pressure to write . It is also pretty comfortable . There is one problem that I dislike . The clip to hold it at the edge of your pocket breaks extremely easily . I broke one clipping it into the pocket of my jeans . In one case the pen almost broke in half . I do not recommend this if you plan on using the clip .
 This is my first review of anything . I have been buying more on Amazon because I have a Prime membership and it is so easy to order . I may have gotten a little carried away buying a package of 12 pens I would not spend the money on trying to return.These pens are useless to me since my first pen is blotting after hardly any use . I prefer a fine point , am not fussy about blue or black , but a pen that blots is useless to me . I do not want to sign a letter or card only to have my pen blot . I do a fair amount of note taking and underlining in books and I do not want my pen to leave blots of ink.There did not seem to be an option to give no stars , but since I do not plan to use any of the box of 12 pens I just bought , I can not imagine why I would give them any stars at all.Do not buy these pens . I read the good reviews about them before I ordered , but my pen is leaving huge blots of ink .
 Not really a fan of these pen . I thought it was the gel model ... it turns out that just a basic pen
 I did not look at the length , and they would not work in a normal corkboard . They are two long .
 A lot of features for price . An excellent entry-level projector . Its WXGA resolution eliminates screendoor effect and so makes it a great projector for watching DVD , TV as well as games . Watching HDTV on it is a treat to eyes . It 's not the ideal - but somewhat livable - projector for movies because of horrendous black levels and low shadow details . Specified lamp life of 3000 hours is bull . Expect to change lamp after every 750 hours or less . It gets too dim after that . It 's not at all rare to have to send the projectors to Sony for repairs -LRB- which takes 4-6 weeks at a time -RRB- . If you can live with these irritants , it 's a great projector for cheap .
 The nails can work loose and cause scratches on wood floors.These might be OK for outdoor decks , but the self adhesive stick-on felt pads work better for indoor wood floors
 THESE ENVELOPES ARE GREY NOT WHITE AS SEEN IN THE LISTING . THEY ARE THIN AS CAN BE AS WELL AS THE BUBBLE PADDINGINSIDE . GLAD I ONLY ORDERED 100 . THEY WOULD NOT BE SAFE FOR SHIPPING CDS . MAYBE IF YOU COULD ADD EXTRA BUBBLE WRAP . MAYBE USEFULL TO SHIP ONLY BOOKS I WOULD NOT BUY THESE AGAIN ALTHOUGH THEY SHIPPED FAST
 I find I have to double these up when I send a book in the mail , which of course dips into the savings I thought I was getting by buying them in bulk . They 're pretty thin and not substantial enough to trust on their own .
 These mailers are not white as they appear in the photo . They are a dull gray . Also , the bubble material inside is very thin . I ca n't use these for my products and will be sending them back .
 These envelopes are n't what I expected . . they are very flimsy and cheap looking . I was grateful to use them all so I did n't have to keep sending them out .
 This particular label was recommended on an online cosmetic supply store for lip balm tubes . While they are about the right size , these are a royal pain to line up for printing with Avery 's online program , and do not stick to lip-balm tubes well AT ALL .
 Well , these lables might work well on some surfaces , but not on everything . I purchased these so-called `` permanent '' stickers to apply to powder coated metal items . The labels peel off -- all of them .
 I do n't know why they use the words `` permanent '' and `` durable '' on these . I thought they were going to be polyester -LRB- you know - something that 's actually durable and permanent -RRB- - but they 're just normal paper labels .
 I got this from another site with free shipping . Thought I would try it . It is a piece of junk . It was easy to assemble but usage is not very good . There is nothing to grab onto to stable the chair before you sit . It can slide out underneath you and leave you hanging hopefully not on the floor . It is not very stable it is tipsy . I am short and it does n't go down far enough . As for the rollers they are useless . They do n't slide around even on bare floors .
 Could not find item number -LRB- bought through Taylor -RRB- . Stool was awkward and did not function well on floor pictured . Good idea but needs work .
 This is a deceiving product . It looks great in the photo , but when you receive it , what a nightmare . I purchased it for my son who was recovering from leg surgery to help him be more independent . The first thing he said was this was definately not made with a man 's anatomy in mind ! . He could not tolerate sitting on the seat . It was too hard . the legs would not roll on our kitchen floor and it seemed unstable . This was a total waste of money . Buyer beware ! .
 I was very disatified with the stool . a part was missing bought a part so my husband could get it put together and it would not roll around at all . I called and was to get a credit for the stool and have never received a credit . would not recomend it to any one very cheep made for the money
 With an injured foot and orders to not put weight on my foot I needed help to be able to prepare meals . This stool looked promising but it 's dangerous . I have fallen over 2 times . The wheels do not roll well , the seat is terribly uncomfortable and it 's just too cheap . I am returning it .
 If you want a comfortable stool to sit on while working at the counter or stove , this stool is great . However , if you want to be able to sit and scoot around the kitchen , this is NOT the stool for you ! The casters do not roll well , and the stool is easy to tip over , whether you are sitting on it or just scooting it by itself . It is high enough that a fall from it could cause serious injury . I would definitely NOT recommend this item for a handicapped person who is hoping to be able to get around the room more easily . It would have been a good product , if they had used good casters . Sometimes saving a dollar or two is not wise.Roll About Stool
 The stool does allow me to work at the stove and kitchen counter more easily than standing but the seat is veryhard and uncomfortable and it is very difficult to roll . The coasters do not seem to want to move in any directionbut forward . I will be keeping the stool but really can not give it a very high recommendation .
 My husband would not even let me get on it after he put it together . Very poor quality , wigglely and unsteady and the wheels did n't roll on our ceramic tile floor ... just slid .
 I had one of these for a couple of days , and I swear it tried to kill me . It was difficult to sit down on -LRB- it tended to roll away -RRB- . Once seated , I leaned forward ever so slightly and the darned thing toppled and nearly threw me . A horse is safer than this flimsy , three-legged thing . It 's more rickety than I am .
 Needing a roll about stool to rest my legs and back when preparing salads and other fare for my 80 yr . old wife and me , I regretfully chose this item . It 's one of the worst decisions I 've ever made . It 's poorly constructed with wobbly legs ; the only swiveling occurs at the sometimes slow swiveling three casters . The saddle would wear out an elephant 's posterior . It 's easy enough to turn it over when going backwards but do n't even think of going forwards across your kitchen unless you love hitting the floor . I returned mine to the assistive device company from whom I purchased it -LRB- not PPR -RRB- . The authority of my assessment is forty years as a physical therapist . My advice
 After assembling this stool , the right wheel would not spin 360 degrees . The leg was slightly bent allowing it to spin about 90 degrees before it started scooting instead of rolling on the floor . My neighbor was able to bend the leg straight where the wheel spun much better.The most `` MAJOR '' problem with this stool is the possibility of it tipping over . It is extremely unstable while trying to turn left or right . You have to be able to grab the seat at the front between your legs and help the stool spin . If you do n't you are sure to tilt and the wheels simply roll out from under you . You will come crashing down as I did twice before returning this stool to the seller.I will be buying a stool with 5 legs for stability .
 I was loaned one of these after I had ankle surgery . It is very unstable under the best of circumstances . The wheels are of cheap , low-quality plastic , and they tend to stick , instead of rolling smoothly . When that happens , your natural inclination is to push through the resistance , but then the stool tips over . Sometimes , if you just shift your weight , the stool will tip when you are sitting on it in one place . Someone could get hurt on this . The concept has potential , but the execution is very poor . If I could give it zero stars , I would . I do n't even think Amazon should sell this . It might make a great product with more legs for stability and high-quality , ball-bearing wheels .
 I bought this stool 6 months ago . The casters did not roll well at all . Then the seat broke off . It is a piece of garbage . Do not buy it .
 I even do n't wan na say something . If anybody buy this , that means he also buy a big trash can with it .
 I am not secure on the stool . Even at its lowest level it 's too high for me ; have to get on toes to sit . It is very unstable , and has tilted over causing me to fall . I have a gash on my leg trying to prevent falling . Can only maneuver stool to roll backwards ; will not go side to side , nor forward ; certainly does n't `` roll about '' . -LRB- Roll About Stool -RRB- Threw out carton or would return it !
 the seat is incredibly hard and uncomfortabledoes NOT roll well at allwould NOT recommendIt 's a clever idea , perhaps the manufacturer should have put better quality wheels and seat and charged more money for it .
 ROLL ABOUT STOOLBefore I ordered this stool , I read two positive and one negative reviews . I should have paid more attention to the negative review . It stated the wheels did n't roll well . Absolutely true ! They barely roll at all !
 One star is too high a rating for this stool . I took it out of the box , carefully assembled it and within fifteen minutes of use one of the wheels broke off . It did not roll about very easily like some stools I have seen . The seat is slightly tilted upward making for an uncomfortable time with the narrow part of the seat pressing on one 's `` delicate '' parts . I would not recommend this product to anyone . It is flimsy and dangerous . I could have been badly hurt when the wheel broke off . I would return it but the effort to take it apart , put it in a box , drive forty miles to a UPS store is more than I can deal with . It went into the trash heap . One more disappointing piece of junk from China !
 I really could have used something like this , as I have several health issues , and LOVE cooking . I thought this product was truly the answer for the `` resting '' periods I had to take during prepping and making dinners.I was wrong . My husband assembled it with ease , and we adjusted it to my height . But as soon as I tried to roll on our hardwood floors , it immediately marred them.The wheels just are n't correct , or constructed well.I 've returned to product , and am awaiting credit . -LRB- P.S. . It needed to be returned via U.S. Postal Service -LRB- over $ 13.00 -RRB- , rather than by UPS Ground . -RRB-
 I would not recommend this stool for any persons of size -LRB- I am 5 ' 3 '' and 280lbs -RRB- as it just does n't roll well under any circumstances ; especially when I adjust the stool to height for washing dishes I ca n't roll on it at all , so the wheels are actually pretty useless . The seat is hard and uncomfortable . I found getting the nuts to tighten without tools was quite a task -LRB- I actually did resort to a pliers on the seat-nuts ; the leg nuts would have required two tools , -RRB- and there were no wrenches in the kit . If you 've seen similar seats for a lot more and you 're asking why this one is so inexpensive , remember that you get what you pay for .
 I know I should read the fine print , but Elmer 's needs to change their picture to show clearly the order is going to be only one color . Yeah , I got what I paid for and we will use it . But why put a picture of all three colors ?
 Watch the picture . The picture shows the different colored boards , so I thought I was getting the multi-colored boards . No , they were all black . Good boards , but I would like it better as multi-colored boards , not all one color .
 Pretty disappointing . This notebook is n't used or anything but it looks scruffy and dirty , like it 's been hanging around and handled for quite a while . Does n't look very good to give as a gift .
 This looked like the perfect item for my desk . Unfortunately , what I got was not at all what was sent . Perhaps they have it figured out . I 'd be very hesitant to try to get it again . I actually tried twice and got the wrong thing both times .
 I bought this system to replace an earlier Panasonic DECT 6.0 system that was starting to get glitchy . I have been happy with Panasonic , but this new phone system lacks a feature I had come to rely on
 We purchased these handsets after reading the reviews proclaiming their extensive range . Wow -- what a disappointment . The range of our handsets does not match the performance of a corded rotary-dial unit circa 1990 .
 I bought this product one year 3 months ago . I have a 2000 square foot house , so this product should be able to reach . I put the central base in the middle of the house and still had problems getting the 2nd handset to connect on one end -- so , sometimes I would have to walk toward the center of the house to get it connect before making my call . Other than that , the phones worked well . More recently , the phone has started disconnecting me while on a call in the house . I 've previously had great phones with Panasonic and will be replacing these .
 Works OK and has lots of nice features . However , the range is very limited from base to remotes
 It is rare that a product gets an `` OMG '' from me . But after just one day with this new phone system , I absolutely love the set . Here are the 2 things that put this phone system squarely at the top of the heap for me
 One handset defective , so now I must send to service center in Texas . Never had this issue with Panasonic phones before , and I do n't like it ! Base/recorder and other handset seem to be working fine .
 I bought this product because someone raved that the charge lasted a long time . I bought the system only 2 weeks ago and the phones get discharged after a couple of phone calls -LRB- not eve a couple of hours -RRB- . So I keep moving the hand set so that I have the properly charged one always available . When you buy this stuff online it is so difficult to deal with returns and it only adds to the cost by having to pay to ship it back .
 I purchased this phone to cary with me in my garden . Unfortunately , it has a range of only 75 feet . Panasonic had told me that it would have a better range than my previous KX-TG5212 phone , which had stopped working . WRONG !
 I had no choice but to return the Panasonic KX-TG10335 Dect 6.0 telephone set because it 's virtually impossible to operate outside of the U.S. - I live overseas and have done this for many years
 In the past few weeks we order two items from Amazon . After two weeks we were informed that neither product was available . It was particularly discouraging that your intracompany communication is lacking in that we were ask to rate a product -LRB- s -RRB- that you should have known were not received .
 This phone is poor quality ! I finally returned it to the seller for a refund . Electronics Expo is a great company , took care of my concern quickly and efficiently .
 I am disappointed in the product . It makes my phone line shut down . Since the 30 period was 1 day away I called panasonic directly . I sent it back to them to see what was wrong . If I opened the box and used the product and it was caausing this problem could I have sent it back to you for a refund ? I was afraid to try . Please let me know Sue kidney
 Even tho it says wall mountable , it 's very awkward and theheight is more than my present phone .
 This phone works when it wants to . The auxiliary handsets only ring about half the time when the main hand set rings , and they show the caller ID only about half of that half . Frequently when trying to use an auxiliary handset in other parts of our not-large house , we 'll get the `` move closer to base '' message . When talking on the auxiliary handsets , the audio quality is frequently very poor with static and an under water-type sound . Several calls were dropped . I would never buy this phone again and in fact am planning to return it .
 Have had this phone for less than one year , and two of the four phones will not recharge , even after putting in new batteries . We threw them away as , of course , they would cut out in the middle of a phone conversation .
 When two people are talking on handsets simultaneously the phones emit a painful high-pitched screeching noise that renders them useless . I really wanted to like these phones but this is a major flaw that can not go unnoticed and is the reason I 'm returning these . Panasonic is n't necessarily a bad brand but avoid this specific model . You get what you pay for .
 I live in a NYC apartment that is fairly long but not a palace by any means . Still , I often can not get reception at one end of the apartment , even though the base is located in a room in the middle . The entire distance can not be more than 50 feet . For a product that is supposed to feature the latest in cordless technology , that is ridiculous .
 When I first got these , I went through the charging procedure , and one of the phone exhausted it 's battery WAY faster than it should have , so I called Panasonic , and they wanted me to go through some cumbersome multi day rigamarole , so I gave up in frustration , figuring , ok , so I only get 2 days on standby , not the 7 as advertized , anyway , withing a couple of months that one stopped working . Now one of the others is on the fritz , sometimes it works fine and others there is no display . Audio quality is ok , range is pretty limited - maybe 50 or 60 feet max . I wish I could find a quality cordless phone system for a reasonable price - whatever , this one is not it . keep shopping .
 No matter how high I turn up the volume , its hard to hear . I 'd been using the phone company 's voice mail . Was n't anywhere as convenient as pressing a button . But the sound quality is poor -- hard to make out what is being said . and the replay feature is n't as simple as it could be.I 've tried any number of different cordless phones . None seem especially good at what should be something easy . This is as good as I 've found -- but that 's not high praise
 The range of this product is not as it says on the web page because when I 'm 5 feet away from the base start giving me statics .
 I 've tried filters , new wires , new base locations and nothing fixes the buzzing static sounds that make the phones nearly impossible to use.There 's a reason there are 75 bad reviews as of this writing with most of them talking about the terrible noise and static problems.Don ' t waste your money on this model .
 The volume on this phone fades in and out , even on the highest setting . After 3 months one of the handsets is non-functional because no one can hear me even if I shout . I am very disappointed in this phone and will probably just pitch it .
 I wish I got one of the five star phones ! The phone that sits in our kitchen is about 25 paces from the base in our bedroom . At this range , the phone in the kitchen displays a message saying ` move closer to the base ' . After replacing the previous phones just to get better range , these phones were a big disappointment .
 I live in an old large 3 story stone house , and for YEARS suffered with bad cordless phones and reception issues . Year after year I upgraded and upgraded , then I read wonderful reviews on this phone and purchased first , one that was `` refurbished '' on line.While talking on a call , if I lean to the left or right , first whoever I 'm speaking with ca n't hear me . I hear them saying `` HELLO ??? HELLO ??? '' Then I get a TONE and the call disconnects . I thought at first this was a problem due to it not being brand new , and purchased another set , brand new this time , from Staples a year later . I had the exact same problem again.Sometimes this happens when I 'm completely still and not leaning in any direction.I finally purchased a Uniden 6.0 phone and no longer have that problem of calls spontaneously cutting off.I still have limitations on the range ... I 've experimented with placing the base on the first floor , second floor , third floor and there is always a blind spot somewhere where the phone does not work . One would think that a person purchasing a phone with 4 or more extensions would be interested in maximum range.My experience with Panasonic was with two identical , supposedly highly rated phones , and I would not recommend it to anyone . Calls cutting off for no reason with no warning are particularly annoying .
 For the most part I 've liked this phone for the 6 weeks we 've had it . Initially calls were very clear and it has a good range away from the house . But after a few weeks I would occasionally have a call with a very noticeable echo or reverb sound , and unfortunately now it 's happening on most calls . It 's really distracting and just not tolerable for us , so the phone is going back . Should also mention that one day the caller ID on my handset just was n't working ; it would say `` incoming call '' but never display the caller ID , though the other handsets were . Next day it worked fine . Still waiting to hear from the seller , but if they do n't honor it then I assume -LRB- hope ! -RRB- Amazon will .
 I am so frustrated with the static on this phone . I bought it thinking I would not have this problem and all I get is static . It drives me nuts ... I ca n't figure it out ... I wish I could because I do n't know what my options are as far as another phone ...
 I never got a chance to try this phone in a functional mode . It was faulty out of the box ; I understand that can happen to any product . I had a case # with Panasonic , called at least 4 times in 10 days before I requested a replacement . They said I had to pay shipping and insurance and they would either fix it or replace it with a refurbished unit . I insisted on a prepaid pickup label and a new phone and they told me to forget it . Thank goodness for Amazon , I was astounded by the attitude of Panasonic . A definite factor when I buy a 50 '' plasma in a couple months .
 I hate this phone ! I 've had it since April and , hard-head that I am , thought it would get better , it did not!Pros - easy to transfer phonebook to other handsets.Cons-no way to turn off the ringer at the base . Each handset must be programmed to not ring but you still get the greeting blaring everywhere . I want an simple way to silence all my phones and still receive messages.It loves to `` lose '' the base connection in the middle of a phone call . Lovely when you 've been on hold with , say an airline or credit card company for a half hour . Just queue back up!Bottom line , I hate this phone so much it is going in the trash ! I 'll recycle the batteries but would not pay someone to take this phone system much less donate to a charity.I 've just placed an order for another brand that I 've had good results with in the past . I researched more and hope they deliver .
 The Panasonic 6.0 works well and has big buttons but -- big buttons do n't help in the dark ! I returned this and bought anAT & T ; 6.0 -- also with big buttons and that light up ... I suspect that all 6.0 cordless phones are good . I am only prejudiced against Vtech due to experiences with previous models.Maybe I am incorrect . Maybe the Panasonic 6.0 keypad does light up . But mine did n't seem to and so I returned it before it got used . Can you find ` lighted keypad ' listed here ? Well I ca n't . Therefore we went with the AT&T ; 6.0 and turned the volume up to maximum . Wow what a difference from all previous cordless phones.Incidentally , the AT&T ; 6.0 boasts in writing , on the box , to have the best range of any cordless phone due to a unique antenna design . I believe that the Panasonic 6.0 range is just as good , judging by the reviews . However only the AT&T ; 6.0 puts such a claim in writing .
 The phones are great . Nice look and feel and good reception . Unfortunately the ansering machine has frozen andthen garbled messages twice in three weeks so I am sending the system back .
 I spent an incredible amount of time reading reviews before I bought this phone and should have actually paid attention to the bad ones . I was very happy with the phones when I first purchased them -- great clarity , range was comparable to what I had before , good battery life , good price , etc. . Now having owned them for a couple of months I find that they are dropping calls for no apparent reason . I had seen reviews in which people reported problems that only began after a few months and thought they had to have been a fluke but now it has happened to me too .
 I 've long relied on Panasonic phones , but the last two sets -LRB- within a year ! -RRB- have been a complete bust . This one just drops out calls all the time ! I will have to switch to a new system -- these just are n't reliable anymore . I do n't know what 's happened to their quality control .
 After reading other reviews on this phone I decided to buy . I wish I had n't . You can be standing next to the base -LRB- less than two Feet -RRB- and the phone wo n't work and displays a message that I 'm to for away . Sometimes you 'll be in the middle of a conversation and phone disconnects . I have had much success with previous Panasonic phones but they can have these back !!!!!
 I spent three hours with MagicJack trying to get the caller id for this phone to work . I later called Panasonic and they advised that this feature does not work with MagicJack . I replace the phone with a Motorola phone and the caller id worked fine . Panasonic also advised that this is a problem with many of their phones . Do n't buy if you are using MagicJack .
 Flashing voice mail signal and screen msg will not work , although they did on my last Panasonic phone . Panasonic says this phone requires FSK signal from phone company . Verizon says they can only send stutter tone signal , not FSK -LRB- Frequency Shift Key -RRB- . In spite of this , Panasonic claims that `` all of our phones are compatible with all phone company networks '' . Sorry to do so , but sent it back . Panasonic did n't respond when asked for other model #s which WILL work with stutter tone .
 I bought this item so I could set the Base station in my house and set the other handsets in my garage , upstairs and downstairs . The base unit is 30 feet away and I constantly drop calls due to out of range . and 2 of the phones go dead after using the phones for several minutes.I thought I was buying a reputable product ... But I was wrong !!!
 I purchased this phone set in December 08 . By June it was n't working properly . I called the Panasonic customer service and they were rude and useless . Thank God for Amazon . They stand behind the products they sell . I was able to send the phone back and received a brand new one at no cost , not even shipping . The problem with the phone is that it does n't have a long range . You ca n't even move 30 feet away from the base . I had older technology phones that worked better . Will look for a different brand for my next purchase . But I definitely will buy it through Amazon .
 I bought these phones in hopes that there would be NO static when talking on the phone . Well I was wrong , they are just a little bit better then the cheap Uniden phones I gave away . The price on these was right but I 'm not at all impressed . Hate the buzzinnnnnnnnnnn sound .
 This phone is supposed to have the clearest signal there is , and , for me , it works only when you 're standing next to the base . Troubleshooting says to move the base somewhere that is away from electronic devices -- TVs , computers , cell phones , etc. . I ask you where , in an American household , can you find a space that is n't next to some electronic device ? I 've talked to other people who own this phone , and they say it 's fine . But it is n't for me . I had to remove the two extra handsets , since no one who called could hear me talking over either of them .
 received these phones about 3 weeks ago and already have had problems with them . they do not hold a charge as stated they barely hold a charge as long as a regular cordless phone and by no means for 17 hours of talk time , maybe 2 . the reception on one of the phones is marred by a constant buzz in the background making it barely able to use . when i go to the panasonic website to troubleshoot there is nowhere to troubleshoot as stated in the handbook . so you are left calling panasonic . so good luck with yours .
 This product , after a few months , garbled words . It did not last very long , it was great for a few months and then malfunctioned
 Count one more person who finds Panasonic `` customer service '' to be a lie.All I want is the fricking MANUAL that they failed to include . After you go through multiple phone trees and computer answering machines with questions -- that do n't apply -- you get hauled over the coals because you do n't want to `` hear frequently asked questions . '' No , I just want the manual.Nope -- MAJOR PROBLEM.Looks like the best technique is to return the unit and make the seller replace it , and thus , cost Panasonic 2 units.What an incredibly stupid company these people have become , and how totally unworthy of anyone 's business .
 I bought this to replace a cordless phone that I 'd had for years . I 'm sorry to say that I should have stuck with the old phone . If you are used to the between you chin and shoulder to free up you hands ... forget it . This earpiece must be DIRECTLY on your ear or you lose all sound . It is not a great feeling . I would not recommend this phone to anyone !
 If you are looking for a cordless phone that is easy to navigate and setup , is n't `` too '' small so it 's easy to cradle and dial one-handed , has good sound on both the receiver and answering machine , this is the phone for you.If you are looking for a cordless phone that has any kind of range , look elsewhere . I thought I remember reading some reviews where they said the range got better the more you used it and recharged this phone ... . I ca n't get it to pick up when I 'm outside unless I 'm on the same side of the building the base is on . And my old Radio Shack cheapo has this one beat hands down in that dept.I have tried different makes , digital vs analog , different frequencies and have come to the conclusion that they just do n't have the same range that they used to . I like that it comes with beltclips , though ... . all cordless phones should IMO .
 The voice on the income call breaking up all the time . I sent the phone back for exchange . They sent me an older one , and the voice still breaking up .
 I had to end up returning this phone because it would n't work in all of the areas in my house -LRB- 2800 Sq ft -RRB- . The sound quality was poor as well .
 Most corded phones have more range than the Panasonic DECT 6.0 . If I plan to wander more than about 20 feet from the base , I reach for one of my other cordless phones . Obviously , I 'm very disappointed .
 I went looking for a phone that was comfortable to hold and one that had big enough buttons to be comfortable for my husband to use . I saw this set at a local store and was happy to find it cheaper on Amazon . The problem is that the sound quality of the phone is lacking . Even being within 15 ft of the base we get significant static-enough to interfere with a conversation-and even with the volume turned up all of the way they are not always loud enough -LRB- and my hearing is fine -RRB- . I will be looking for a replacement phone system .
 Ugh . I did n't know this phone was going to have a voice telling me things . I can not figure out how to turn that off ... it 's not in the manual . If I do n't figure it out in the next day or two , this thing 's going back . The one I really wanted does n't ship for a month , so I settled for this because it had decent reviews . No one mentioned the speaking voice . Not for me !!! Update a few days later : The handsets feel flimsy and cheap , plus the reception is n't good . The sound is fuzzy , sort of like a soft static . This phone is definitely not for me ... Update 9.7.09 The reason I have to buy a new phone is because my trusty Uniden no longer displays the call-waiting i.d. info since moving into my new home . The phone company can not figure out why , so they 've decided it 's my phone . Hence , the phone drama begins . After buying this phone , then returning it for the above reasons , I 've since tried 2 other Panasonics and one At & t ; , none of which display the call-waiting i.d. I get the beep telling me another call is waiting , but no info . This phone is the only one that displays the info . Weird . So , I purchased it again thinking I 'll put up with the fuzzy sound and call Panasonic to find out how to turn the talking voice off . However , I most likely wo n't keep it because the handset volume is too low , even at it 's highest level and the same goes for the speaker phone . I have to huddle over my handset or hold it closer to my ear which defeats the purpose of a speaker phone !!! Honestly , sometimes I wonder if I 'm getting the same phone those with glowing reviews are getting . The work I do causes me to be on the phone a lot , and a speaker phone is essential as I often need to have my hands free or be able to move about . I 'd never hear my clients with this one . Crazy.Oh , and as others have pointed out , no backlit key pad . Very crumby at night . Do n't know what Panasonic was thinking . That 's a no brainer feature as far as I 'm concerned . I seem to remember a day where I could just go to the store , find a phone I liked and everything worked just fine . You could trust in a company name , that their products would be consistently good . Wish they would realize how important that was .
 Will return phones for the following reasons
 I had a problem with one handset , right out of the box . One charged fine ... the other would never charge . I tried switching batteries , though they were packaged together , and worked in the other handset . No help . Still kept saying `` charge battery '' . Then I switched bases ... . still would not charge ! I called Panasonic , and customer support said I 'd have to send it back , and they would either fix it , or send me a refurbished one . WHY should I pay $ 67 and have a non-working phone , new out of the box , replaced with a refurbished one !??? If I wanted to use a used phone , I would have been out there looking for `` used phones '' , and paying a lot less . Shame on you , Panasonic , for your lack of standing by the quality of your products . I should have been offered a new phone replacement immediately . Some one here said , and they 're right ... why should I get to use someone else 's phone they sent back , or someone end up getting the one I sent back ?! We bought , and paid for , NEW ! I noticed the price on the phones just dropped dramatically ... wonder why ?
 ca n't even understand the message playback . I 've had this phone for 2 months . Great .
 I know that some people have reported no interference at all , but we had a terrible time with it . It did n't even matter if we were talking to someone else , just between the handsets , 20 feet apart , was ridiculously bad . Static , popping sounds , and dropped audio . It got better as we both moved closer to the base station , but we seriously had to be less than 10 feet away for it to sound good.The phones seem great otherwise and lots of other people have had a good experience . I hope yours is better.We live in a big condo complex and our neighbors probably all have cordless phones , wifi routers , and a dozen other wireless devices . So I 'm sure this is a challenging environment . Still , Dect 6.0 technology was supposed to be great , but in our case it was n't . Besides , our $ 30 American Telecom cordless phones we were replacing had no problems at all with interference.A tiny bit of interference is maybe forgivable , but there 's no reason it should sound terrible when that happens . A good digital device should n't ever make popping and clicking sounds that hurt your ears .
 I was delighted with this system at first , until the answering machine on the base unit starting blinking and quit working.Now my phone rings just 4 times in my home , and the answering machine does not pick up . To the caller it sounds like it just rings forever . I ca n't put a new answering machine in because the old one does something after 4 rings.I ca n't send the base unit in for repairs because none of the other phones will work while it is gone.I am currently spending time trying to find out what to do.We really like the phones other than this problem . The intercom system is great , sound is good , and speaker phones work well . The menu is a bit cumbersome but it works .
 I am so disappointed with this phone . I did a lot of research before buying this at the beginning of January and this one kept coming out on top . It has gotten overwhelming positive reviews so I decided to buy it . From day one the static has been awful , to the point where I 've had to end calls because I could n't hear the other person . I 've moved the base away from all electronic devices and the static still continues . Since I 'm still within the 30 day period this is going back and I 'll go back to the drawing board on researching another phone .
 Clarity is very good ; however , I could go much further with my 5.8 than I can with this . With this I am limited to about 50 feet from the base and that 's not far at all .
 In general , a good phone with very good range . Routinely , 75 to 80 feet from the base station on my boat to the handset in the house -LRB- and thru a brick wall -RRB- . And I like the way that you can program all handsets from one handset.But why are n't the `` talk/off '' buttons green and red like a cell phone ? I have to look to answer the phone with the right button and likewise to hang up . Hanging up should not require a detailed review of buttons.And the caller ID has time on the top line vice the caller 's name . It should be more like my V-tech with caller 's name first and in oversized letters . Plus , I am still confused about how to access caller ID and review it . It 's easy but not intuitive . And erasing caller ID 's takes 3 or 4 button pushes per ID . When I review incoming calls , I look for my V-tech - I guess that says it all . I would not buy this phone again - the caller ID function is annoying ... I 've had this phone a year now and I hate it . I 'm going to toss it in the trash and buy a V-Tech . I would n't feel comfortable even giving it away . Every time I pick up a handset , it says `` 123 -LRB- or whatever -RRB- missed calls '' . Only because I used another handset to take the calls . Makes you feel that you are missing something . Needless , useless information . I have to use my glasses to read the screen everytime due to the poor display . And the caller ID is still a disaster . Try to return a call and it dials the area code which means the call does n't go through . Trying to edit the number to remove the area code is difficult . I just give up . Why do n't home phones work like cell phones ? This phone is counter-intuitive and annoying!I 'd have to give it NO STARS after owning it ...
 This was the worst phone I 've ever owned . One of the handsets broke right after the 30 day return window was over . The other handsets do n't work well either . They keep cutting out during calls and there is a clicking noise when I 'm speaking on the handset . Yes , I 'm very close to the base when speaking on the handset , and yes , it 's not near any other electrical equipment . It 's simply a TERRIBLE PHONE . So , after 3 months , I 'm tossing in the trash and buying a different brand .
 I am very happy with the ordering and shipping process but very disappointed with the range and voice quality . It is sad to see Panasonic has a product like this . I live in a 1600 sq ft townhouse , the conversation keeps breaking . I install the base station in my bedroom -LRB- 2nd floor -RRB- and make call from family room -LRB- first floor -RRB- . The other end of the call keeps asking me to repeat myself . Even if I move to closer to the base , the improvement is marginal . I tried for a few days and gave up . I went to Costco to buy the 4 phone pack model -LRB- KX-TG6424T -RRB- and install phones at the same locations , it is a different experience completely . The phone has a better make quality and feel better . Voice quality and range are excellent . But I have to say Amazon return experience is like a breeze .
 While highly rated , this phone does not live up to expextations . The extension downstairs in our house often is `` lost '' and cand ' t find it 's base . We have moved it several times to no avail.Also , there is not an adequate notification system when we have voice mail from our local phone serivce ... no flashing lights , etc. . The script notiifying us that we have a message is small and dark . Not as good as the old Panasonic that this one replaced .
 I must agree with several other 's who have rated this 1 or 2 stars . Thanks to Amazon for accepting this return after the normal 30 day window.PROS
 I 've had this phone less than 6 months and prior to this another Panasonic which worked just fine.While these phones are nice all of them fail if you talk more than 30 to 45 minutes , not that I do that very often . and I try to keep them charged all of the time . They then need to be recharged before you can use them again . Panasonic has acknowledged that it is a battery problem and wants me to mail them in so they can repair , which is nice . But what do you do for telephones while they are gone for a month or more.I really expected them to work correctly and not need repairs this soon
 I am on my second set and everything breaks on it . The battery still says need to charge for 7 hours after i charged it the whole night
 I 've always had Panasonic phones and in general they 've been sturdy and made well . This tri-portable phone set is very light weight but has all the basic functions as described . However , other than the main station the remaining two chargers are so light and flimsy as to easily fall off a night table . That 's not such a big deal but I wish the bases were weighted down in some way . In any event my only serious concern is the severe distance restriction these phones seem to have . One phone is in my home office right next to the front door yet I can not take the portable handset more than ten feet out the front door ! -LRB- My old portable phone worked to the end of the driveway . -RRB- In fact , there have been a few times when I have had no signal at all between the base and the handset right at my desk -- a distance of 2.5 ft. ! Therefore , I would not recommend this phone as apparently any distance can be a problem .
 I 've read the reviews and I thought that it has to be a good phone , so I gave a try , I did not like them because firt of all I hear like an eco , and weak signal , but there are other people said that it work very good for them.Send it back , Amazon is a great company , the refund was so fast.and fair .
 This is the poorest range phone I have ever purchased.I do not have a large house and the base has to be located in the center of the house to get reception inside the house . If the base is just 13 feet from the end of the house , it will not work in the bedroom just 24 feet away . It will not work outside at all . My older phone would get reception up to 150 + feet out in the yard.I emailed customer service and got no customer service and no recommendations .
 This seemed like a nice phone , but we lost a handset that was off hook . The locator function DOES NOT WORK for phones that are off hook . I tried the `` deregister handset '' function in desperation , but it did n't work either.Ultimately we found the handset by searching -LRB- the phone system did n't help a bit -RRB- . Not being able to locate a missing handset , when its been off hook for hours , is unacceptable and I would never buy this product again !
 This phone has given me trouble from the first use . The voice cuts in and out on EVERY phone call . It sounds as if the person is speaking through a tunnel . I do not recommend this product .
 Others have provided good feedback on this system , but I do n't think anyone mentioned what I consider its fatal flaw - THE BASE DOES N'T BEEP WHEN YOU HAVE MESSAGES ! I do n't think I have ever bought a phone machine that did n't have an audible indicator . On this system , the only way to know you have messages is if you look at a headset , or the base , and notice it 's blinking . I do n't know about you , but when I get home , I generally have a million things to do , and glancing at my phones usually is n't one of them . I bought these after returning another system -LRB- Vtech -RRB- that was great except that the handsets did n't have headset jacks . WHAT ARE THESE MANUFACTURERS THINKING ? If you have no problem remembering to check for messages , this system might suit you just fine . But if you depend on that little beep , keep on looking .
 When the sound is not `` dropping off '' and you hear nothing , the sound quality is great . We are working with Panasonic - their customer service people are helpful , retuning the package for a `` refurbished set '' - does annoy me that while it is only a month old , we get `` refurbished . '' Negative of the handsets , is that each one is independent - previous multiple handset phone we had if you cleared on handset -LRB- missed calls , etc -RRB- , all were cleared .
 I did a lot of research prior to buying this item , looking for a phone that would give me extended range . Many reviewers commented on the excellent range of this item , so I purchased it . My second handset now sits on a kitchen counter less than 40 feet from the base unit , just off a direct line of sight . Almost every time I pick it up , I have to walk towards the base unit in order for the handset to make contact with the base . I am extremely unhappy with this purchase - maybe I just got a lemon and the other reviewers are right , but my phone does not work as advertised.Update
 Shorts out & drops calls in the middle of conversations . Wo n't hold a charge . Amazingly bad phone .
 Very poor visual screen and caller ID . Sound on message recorder is also very poor .
 the phone is great , logical user interface , sounds clear -- all of this is very good.the bad is the answering machine does not ` hear ' or recognize cell phone DTMF -LRB- the number button sounds -RRB- . This means that you can not access your messages remotely from your cell phone . You can access them from a land line , but guess what ? When I travel , I would call into the house via my cell phone !! so I am back to using teh sevice provider voicemail with the monthly fee.not happy , buy another product , not this one .
 The Panasonic DECT phones are a disaster . Each time the phone rings it kills XBOX 360 Wireless connections and interrupts wired DSL connections even . It causes interruptions with VPN software causing multiple application crashes . In addition after 2 months the speaker phone comes on and can not be turned off . To make it worse it comes thru as a shorted buzzing connection . This is the phone from hell . Panasonic will not respond to my inquiries . One star is rating it way too high .
 TARGET PRACTICE !!! Let me start by saying I 'm handicapped and NEED A PHONE THAT WORKS ! I would hate to try to use this phone to dial 911 . Next , everything `` Super Mum '' said in spades!After doing my research and reading tons of reviews I purchased this Panasonic . I was very impressed with the number of purchases and great reviews I saw here at Amazon alone . To Amazon 's credit the phone arrived quickly and packaged perfectly . I 've never had any problems with Amazon . Their service is great!Positives
 My recommendation
 The overall quality of the reception on the handsets was very poor . Mainly , due to not being able to get that far from the base unit before voice reception broke-up and became staticy . The quality of the answering machine was poor . I made the announcement , time and time again , and the recording always sounded muffled and difficult to understand . I 'm not sure why they call it a 6.0 DECT when it operates in the 1.9 GHz frequency range . I suspect this is what the cause of the inferior reception and the limited distance from the base you experience , when you notice the quality drop-off . I have a GE 6.0 DECT cordless phone system that is in the same cost area , that I would highly recommend over this unit . Save your time and frustration . JMO
 My husband bought this phone for me after our 15-yr old phone finally died . I was excited to have caller i.d. for once . However , this phone is disappointing . When I 'm on another line and get a second call , no number displays to let me know who 's interrupting the call . The volume does n't go very loud . And throughout the course of a conversation , there will be a clearness in the quality of the call and then a muffled , still period which , at first , had me asking , `` Are you still there ? '' I 'm used to that happening now , but leaves me very disappointed.The pros
 This is a nice telephone except ... . when someone leaves a recorded message the only way you know it is by a small flashing light there is no audible recorder beep . We had this phone for nine months but were just missing to many calls . So I went on line to the manufactures web sites and started downloading their operating manuals on telephones that I was interested in . I recommend the Uniden DECT2085-3 Dect 6.0 . which I find is a much much better phone .
 You can not use the 0-9 keypad to access more than the first 9 numbers you enter . You have to manually go through all the numbers to get to the number you want . This is really stupid !!!!! and annoying , now I 've got to repackage this piece of junk and start over looking for a decent phone . Also , even at the highest setting the volume is a little low ...
 The sets give a very annoying hum feedback that exists no matter where the handset -LRB- s -RRB- is used . This is disappointing since the other reviews do not mention this . I 'll have to buy some other system in the near future .
 Panasonic KX-TG1033S Dect 6.0 Expandable Digital Cordless Phone System with 3 HandsetsThe phone replaces a Panasonic 5.8 GHz phone that worked perfectly in the same location . Handset # 1 keeps contact with the base station no matter where I walk on my property . Handset # 2 cuts out in the kitchen . Handset # 3 cuts out outside the back door . Too bad I have to return it . It has nice features but I do n't have confidence that another sample would have three working handsets , so I 'll have to look for another brand . Panasonic quality control has really failed here .
 These phones are terrible ! I thought I was getting a top of the line system and I am so disappointed . Phones do not hold a charge like they should , two of the three developed shorts in the phone . You will be talking to someone then all of a sudden the phone just clicks off . When they were still under warranty I sent in the phones to get replacements . Which I had to pay to do ! The replacements were not any better . I will never buy another Panasonic cordless phone . Terrible phone , terrible customer service , worthless warranty !
 Most all reviews stated Dect 6.0 technology was the way to go . That may be true for most people , but all I received was static . I hooked it up all over the house plus in the garage and the reception was the same . Turned off all electrical appliances , lights , etc. and nothing changed . For some unknown reason none of the phones would work without static from even a couple of feet away from the base unit . My old 2.4 ghz phone worked much better.I emailed Panasonic , but did n't receive an answer . I ended up returning the unit to Amazon because it was impossible to use .
 We 've been having problems with the phone -LRB- s -RRB- cutting out . We can hear the other parties but they ca n't hear us . It 's not due to being too far away from the bases either . We 'll be within 10 feet of the base the whole time . There will be good connection for 5 - 10 minutes and then it will cut out . It comes back after about 10 - 15 seconds ; just when you 're ready to hang it up as a dropped called . We do have great clarity hearing others when it 's working though . Everything worked for about two months before the trouble started . I have received complaints that I can hardly be heard when using the matched Pansonic headsets too.With all the Christmas calls today it just became too much to sit by and not do anything about it . It 's too late to return it to Amazon -LRB- 3 months -RRB- . I guess my next step is to see what Panasonic will do about it .
 I am one of those buyers that reads and trusts reviews . This phone was rated very highly and had hundreds of fantastic reviews , so when it was time to upgrade from my ancient VTech 2.4 GHz cordless phones , I expected a huge upgrade with this Panasonic . Less than 48 hours after purchasing it , I 'm packing it up and returning it.There are two primary reasons that are causing me to return this phone . The first and most important one is the sound quality . I 've had several conversations with different people - both local and long distance - and while I 'm talking , the sound on the handset cuts out . It sounds as though the other party hung up on you . So I find myself asking , `` You still there ? '' several times during the conversation , to which the other party speaks up . I did n't mention it to my wife , and then today she spent some time on the phone and complained about it as well , so both of us noticed it immediately.The second reason that I 'm returning this phone is the LED on the handset . When it 's sitting in the charging cradle , the orange LED at the top of the handset is lit up like a torch . This is n't a problem in the office , living room , or kitchen , but in the bedroom it is incredibly annoying . I 've awakened several times the past couple of nights and was surprised -LRB- especially once my eyes adjusted to the dark -RRB- at how bright this thing was lighting up the top of our bedroom ceiling -LRB- and the ceiling is 9 ' high -RRB- . I ca n't speak of the battery life although that was the primary reason I upgraded . The feature set on the phone is nice . I really like the call screening function where you can hear people leaving a voicemail on all of the handsets in the house . I also like the fact that you can check voicemail from any handset , and the LED on the handset will flash when a new voicemail is waiting.The menu system , like many others have said , takes a little getting used to , but I would say it 's bad . Better than the VTech that I currently have , that 's for sure ! The main phone base has a small footprint which is great for saving desk space.I hated to have to return this phone ; I had high expectations , but conversation quality plus the bright LED on the handset being illuminated 24/7 was just too much for a phone set that I hoped to keep for a long time .
 Works great for the first few months and then you lose reception 10 feet from the base . Not worth the money . I have used Panasonic for years but these phones are lousy . My daughter bought the same ones and has had the same trouble . I will try another Panasonic phone system because I have had good phones from them but not these ones .
 We purchased this phone and within the first week the call waiting feature broke . You would be on a phone call and when the call waiting beeped in the phone would automatically switch you over mid call . So you would be talking to the 2nd caller without warning and the 1st caller was left in silence wondering what happened . Panasonic customer service was really no help . They told me to unplug and remove the batteries to reset the phones . Did n't work , so I return the phones and purchased a different set of DECT expandable phones . Hopefully we wo n't have this issue again .
 This phone was intended as a replacement and upgrade for an ATT E5965C -LRB- which lost the ability to hold a charge in all of the handsets after three years , even with new batteries -RRB- . I consider this Panasonic to be a downgrade , not an upgrade , and I am very disappointed . Compared to the ATT , which had a color display , this display is extremely hard to see . It does not have customized ringtones or graphics . The handset does not flash when the phone rings -LRB- so if you have more than one line you ca n't tell which one is ringing -RRB- . I do n't notice any improvement in sound quality with the new DECT technology . You ca n't tell if someone else is using the line by looking at a handset ; the ATT displayed `` extension in use . ''
 We got these phones because several of our phones were giving us static . These at first did that , too , though they 've improved , but we also have one of these beeping suddenly and hanging us up and all of them go in and out of a `` dead air '' feel -- whatever that miked sound is that you usually have when talking on the phone disappears at times . Even though the person at the other end is n't affected , it makes you feel like you 've lost your connection -- literally and metaphorically .
 This is a terrible stand . It is very unstable . You 'd have to crazy to trust it with an expensive LCD projector because a slight bump could cause it to topple over . A breeze will cause it to sway . DaLite make a similar stand that is much better . The problem with the Quartet is that the legs are not sturdy and they connect to the base with thumb screws . The DaLite version has more substantial legs and they screw into the base securely . This is just a very poorly designed and manufactured stand .
 I bought this phone largely based on the very positive reviews on amazon . First I bought an open box item on an auction site , as the seller said they 'd tested all the basic functions . The battery was too old to hold a charge and even after replacing that the unit would not communicate with the base unit , even after `` reregistering '' it . Was out $ 47 , as they had no returns of open box items . So I came back to amazon and bought a `` new '' one from a 3rd party vendor . Although the box seemed sealed , it did not contain a battery and the `` quick setup '' guide was n't in the box either . Not sure it was all that new.Bottomline , I 'm not sure you can find a functioning unit and I will not be buying another . Too bad because it seemed like a good phone and I do n't need multiple handsets .
 I just boxed this up for return.There is no way to attach a phone number to a numerical button.Here is the way I normally dial : Hit -LCB- mem -RCB- 1 for my dialing card 's 800 number.Hit -LCB- mem -RCB- 2 for my pin numberHit -LCB- mem -RCB- 3-9 to enter the long distance numbers I 've attached to the number keys from 3 to 9 . Problem is there is no -LCB- mem -RCB- function on this phone . You can chain your 800 phone card number in and then program a pause then enter your pin but then you need to manually enter every number there after.Panasonic 's menu system might be good or bad but no one bothered to design it around the way the average person dials .
 It 's very hard to hear the caller on both handsets . Nothing seems to help it . I 've had good luck with Pansonic cordless phones prior to this one .
 very disappointed with this product ... couldnt hold a charge , bad range , not clear audio.a mistake on my part to purchase
 I bought this phone after reading the glowing reviews , selecting it rather than the 2.4 ghz 2631 model , although I did n't really understand the difference . Despite what many people seem to think -LRB- `` bigger is better '' -RRB- , the only significant difference with a 5.8 ghz unit is it will not interfere with other wireless devices in the home/office . The sound quality of this telephone is not so good as the reviews indicate . The highest volume is still quite low -LRB- the same criticism as I read about the 2.4 ghz model -RRB- . Quality of out-going message is very bad - sounds terrible to the people who call you.After one day , I have decided to return this thing and will not bother with Panasonic phones again.I am going to buy another Uniden TRU-8885 . I have this at home for two years now and it is marvelous ! Clear , loud , expandable and less expensive , too . Why did n't I buy this in the first place ? Target had the Panasonic on sale , that 's why .
 This phone broke completely in just over 1 year , just over the warranty limit . This is hardly the first time that a Panasonic phone was defective , but this time I 've learned my lesson - no more Panasonic anything .
 Phone is excellent . No doubts about it . It has all the bells and whistles.But the battery life is too bad . In just 5 months , the battery is dead and no longer recharges . A spare battery cost me $ 12 at Radioshack . I thought that the factory battery was already old and expected the new battery to last longer . But even the new battery is already showing sigs of age in just 1 month.I found out from my other friends that they are having problems wiht their Panasonic phones too -LRB- other models -RRB- . So please do n't buy this phone unless you do n't mind spending a fortune on batteries .
 The phone worked great for the first hour of the conference and then started to fade to the point where we could not hear the person on the other end . I sent it back in accordance with the manual for warranty work and was told that the unit was out of waranty . This was less than 2 months from the purchase date and the unit is supposed to have a 1 year warranty . I will never buy another GE phone .
 Do not buy this conference phone . I bought this phone in November of 2006 and it came defective . I returned it to the RCA/Thompson via their request and they cave me a case number and told me if they could n't fix the product , they would refund my money . In February 2007 they told me they could n't fix it and I would see a refund check in about 6-8 weeks . It is now August 2007 and I have not seen a refund check and every time to find out when they will send my check they tell me to call back in a few days because the finance dept has n't updated my case # yet . Do n't buy any RCA/Thompson product because you 'll never get your money back from them .
 THE BASE MAKES RANDOM INTERFERENCE / CLICKING NOISES EVEN WHEN NOT IN USE !!! I ca n't believe all the positive reviews of this piece of junk . Previously I had owned a Panasonic 900Mhz cordless phone for over 10 years . It had lasted me though over 6 different moves around the city and to 3 other states , always working flawlessly and rarely having any interference problems whatsoever , even with the advent of cell phone mania , MP3 players with FM tuners , bluetooth devices , and of course wireless internet signals all swarming around my apartment . I finally had to replace the 10 year old phone because of a problem with the handset volume becoming inaudible . But other than that , still no problems with interference whatsoever . So I buy this new piece of technology with its `` improved 5.8 Ghz range '' -LRB- bypassing the 2.4 Ghz generation altogether -RRB- , and what happens ? The base of the phone makes random `` clicking '' noises when you 're not even using the phone !! Then , when you do use it , sometimes from only 3-4 feet away , you press `` Talk '' and nothing happens ... the phone ca n't communicate with the base . I wanted to make sure it was n't just defective , so I called my parents for whom this past Christmas I bought the same model -LRB- silver version , instead of black -RRB- . They 've been having the same exact problems . They live in rural PA and barely use their cell phones at all . Then I called tech support . Their solution ? `` Unplug the phone , wait 30 seconds , and plug it back in . '' So i did it , and it fixed the problem . For about a day . Then it starts up again . Their next fix ? `` Move the phone away from other electronics to a different place in your house . '' I 'm sorry , I actually like to place the objects in my bedroom where they 're convenient for me to reach from bed , which incidentally happens to be the same place it 's convenient for me to reach my alarm clock , my cell phone , and my lamp . So now I have to get up and run across the room every time the phone rings , or alternatively `` reboot '' my phone every day !??? What a joke ! I thought the whole reason to `` upgrade '' to 5.8 Ghz or 1.9 Ghz was to have LESS interference problems . Funny how I did n't have any interference problem at 900Mhz but I do now . The fact that unplugging it fixes it temporarily proves that it is a SOFTWARE problem , not a hardware problem , that could be fixed . I asked if there was a way to change frequencies manually , like my old 900Mhz phone . Nope , `` it 's automatic , you ca n't change it . '' So just out of curiosity , I went to Staples and bought one of those $ 10 Trimline corded phone like i used to talk on back in 1989 when i was in junior high . I called my friend and did n't tell him what phone I was on . He said I sounded better than any phone he had ever heard in his life . All this upgraded technology is a joke . I returned this piece of garbage to Amazon for a refund . I 'm tempted to go buy a corded phone and just keep it by my bed . Who needs all these wireless technology headaches and brain cancer when we could all hear each other better and have less problems talking on a good old fashioned Trimline phone like we did when we were 14 years old ? This product should never have made it through QA testing . It should be recalled .
 after 30 days we bought this product every time you make a phone call the base makes sounds as if some part in moving there . its horrible
 Calendar was damaged when arrived . Box was beat up and the calendar inside the box was crinkled and torn . I was happy with the item itself , just wish it would have arrived in better shape .
 First you should know that the KX-TG6073S is pretty much the same as the KX-TG6074B and KX-TG6072B . The only difference is that the other ones come with a different number of handsets , and are black instead of silver . Also , the only difference between the KX-TG607xx series and KX-TG605xx series is that the KX-TG607xx series has a keypad/speakerphone on the base , while the KX-TG605xx series does not . And the only difference between the KX-TG605xx series and KX-TG602xx series is that the KX-TG605xx series comes with an answering machine , while the KX-TG602xx does not.When we bought the KX-TG6073S , I did a test where I used one of the handsets to leave a voicemail on my cellphone . While leaving the voicemail , I talked into the handset and walked all around the house , upstairs and down into the basement . I then listened to my voicemail from the handset , to make sure the sound quality was good . Then I repeated the test using the handset 's speakerphone function . The sound quality passed my test , so we ended up keeping the phone . -LRB- I had bought a different cordless phone a few years ago and did the same test , and the sound quality was pretty bad , so I returned it . -RRB- But now that we 've had the KX-TG6073S for a few months , we have noticed several annoying things that make us wish we had bought a different phone .1 -RRB- I have seen another review where someone said that the answering machine will save a blank message if someone calls and hangs up . I actually tested that out when we first got the phone and did not get it to happen . However , it appears to be happening now because we have received several blank messages . Our old answering machine did not save blank messages .2 -RRB- The base unit will notify you with a blinking light if there are any messages . But once you listen to the messages , the light will stop blinking . This is a problem if more than one person lives in the house , and you check the messages and find out that there is a message for someone else . On our old answering machine , we could press a SAVE button and it would cause the light to continue blinking . You can not do that on the KX-TG6073S . A workaround is to record a memo , which will cause the light to blink again , but anyone else who checks the messages has to know to hit the rewind button to hear old messages .3 -RRB- Another person in the house told me that the KX-TG6073S did not function at one point . Apparently all the lights on the base unit had turned on , and the handset displayed a message saying that it was too far from the base , even though they were standing right next to the base . They said that they had to unplug the base and plug it back in before it started working again .4 -RRB- Our handsets are now displaying a message about how we have a voicemail , even though we have deleted all the messages on the machine . We also do not have any voicemail service from our phone company . We have tried unplugging the phone and plugging it back in , but it still displays the message .5 -RRB- This is the most annoying problem . If someone is talking on one of the handsets , then you will hear clicking noises and static-like noises coming from the base unit . It 's like the conversation is trying to come through the speakerphone on the base unit even though the speakerphone is off .
 THE BASE MAKES RANDOM INTERFERENCE / CLICKING NOISES EVEN WHEN NOT IN USE !!! I ca n't believe all the positive reviews of this piece of junk . Previously I had owned a Panasonic 900Mhz cordless phone for over 10 years . It had lasted me though over 6 different moves around the city and to 3 other states , always working flawlessly and rarely having any interference problems whatsoever , even with the advent of cell phone mania , MP3 players with FM tuners , bluetooth devices , and of course wireless internet signals all swarming around my apartment . I finally had to replace the 10 year old phone because of a problem with the handset volume becoming inaudible . But other than that , still no problems with interference whatsoever . So I buy this new piece of technology with its `` improved 5.8 Ghz range '' -LRB- bypassing the 2.4 Ghz generation altogether -RRB- , and what happens ? The base of the phone makes random `` clicking '' noises when you 're not even using the phone !! Then , when you do use it , sometimes from only 3-4 feet away , you press `` Talk '' and nothing happens ... the phone ca n't communicate with the base . I wanted to make sure it was n't just defective , so I called my parents for whom this past Christmas I bought the same model -LRB- in a different color -RRB- . They 've been having the same exact problems . They live in rural PA and barely use their cell phones at all . Then I called tech support . Their solution ? `` Unplug the phone , wait 30 seconds , and plug it back in . '' So i did it , and it fixed the problem . For about a day . Then it starts up again . Their next fix ? `` Move the phone away from other electronics to a different place in your house . '' I 'm sorry , I actually like to place the objects in my bedroom where they 're convenient for me to reach from bed , which incidentally happens to be the same place it 's convenient for me to reach my alarm clock , my cell phone , and my lamp . So now I have to get up and run across the room every time the phone rings , or alternatively `` reboot '' my phone every day !??? So I went ahead and moved every other electronic devices off the nightstand just to see , and in a few days , same problem still returned . I thought the whole reason to `` upgrade '' to 5.8 Ghz or 1.9 Ghz was to have LESS interference problems . Funny how I did n't have any interference problem at 900Mhz but I do now . The fact that unplugging it fixes it temporarily proves that it is a SOFTWARE problem , not a hardware problem , that could be fixed . I asked if there was a way to change frequencies manually , like my old 900Mhz phone . Nope , `` it 's automatic , you ca n't change it . '' So just out of curiosity , I went to Staples and bought one of those $ 10 Trimline corded phone like i used to talk on back in 1989 when i was in junior high . I called my friend and did n't tell him what phone I was on . He said I sounded better than any phone he had ever heard in his life . All this upgraded technology is a joke . I returned this piece of garbage to Amazon for a refund . I 'm tempted to go buy a corded phone and just keep it by my bed . Who needs all these wireless technology headaches and brain cancer when we could all hear each other better and have less problems talking on a good old fashioned Trimline phone like we did when we were 14 years old ? This product should never have made it through QA testing . It should be recalled .
 This was a good system with all the features we wanted in a phone until the display on one of the handsets went blank . This happened just a little more than a year after purchase -LRB- hence , after the limited warranty ran out as well -RRB- . E-mail to Panasonic support resulted in regurgitation of what can be found on the Web site and offered no resolution . For the price of the system , I would expect the phones to last much longer than a year ; a replacement for one handset from Panasonic will cost another $ 44 plus `` tax and recycling fees . ''
 I 've been looking for this style of phone for a while , looks great , works great but it 's so tiny as to be a pain in the rump to use . It 's both more narrow width wise and length wise than my Samsung SPH-A900 . When the Samsung is fully opened this is still a smaller phone . I want a small sleek mobile phone , but this phone is impractical for using for long periods at home . If it we 're 1/3 larger it 'd be excellent , maybe a great phone for women . Also it does not have any plugs for headsets . I am returning mine to Amazon .
 Poor sound quality , few features , not too easy to program . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased four of these phones to go along with the base station and have a few mild complaints : - Full names do not display on caller ID - Updating one phone with a number DOES NOT update all phones with that numberPros : easy set upclear soundBut ... beyond that , 2 weeks outside of the warranty period , all of the letters and numbers started to disappear from the display . 1 year and 2 weeks later , these phones are pretty much worthless . I highly advice against their purchase .
 PROS
 Once again , a consumer electronics hardware maker proves that they ca n't develop a good software interface for their device . In terms of physical design , this is one of the best cordless phones out there . The sound quality is also quite good , and the DECT technology works on a band that keeps it free of WiFi interference . However , I had to return this phone right away because the interface is so awful . First of all , Philips really shortchanged this device by putting in a cheap LCD display that can only display 8 letters on caller ID , and then they are letters formed in barely legible block-style on the numerical display . I mean , how much more would if have cost them to put in a modern LCD display with enough pixels to show real letters ? But the clincher is the poor design of this phone 's Caller ID interface . Call it Caller Confusion . If you have Caller ID with Name service from your phone company , with this phone you can only see the name -- and only the first 8 letters of it ! While the phone call is coming in , there is no way to scroll the display to show the phone number . You can only see that AFTER the phone has stopped ringing . What use is that ? If the incoming phone call actually has a name from the phone company , this is barely OK , but for the many calls that have no name , this phone will show `` CELL PHO '' or `` UNKNOWN '' or `` 800 SERV '' . There is no way to get it to show the actual number while the phone is still ringing . If you 're trying to screen calls , it 's essentially useless . Whoever designed this interface just does n't get what Caller ID is for in the first place . I would have loved to like this phone , because I think the phones from Panasonic , VTech , Motorola and others are horribly ugly , and my previous Panasonic had the worst audio quality imagnable . But this phone does n't cut it as well . Why is the cordless phone market so devoid of good products ?
 Saw this phone for $ 25 in Fry 's , man , this is a DETC phone that does not interference with WiFi . All DECT phones are $ 60 or more ; So I got one home.When I use this phone to call my friends , the first words from them are all the same
 Sure it 's got all the bells and whistles BUT ... They forgot the most important thing . Sound !!! I do n't understand how my 12 year old cordless actually sounds better that this new Uniden . It sounds like I am in a tunnel and I can hear my words echo while I am talking . If you want good sound , keep shopping . The bells and whistles are fun but not fun enough to overcome the frustration of bad workmanship when this phone was designed and built . Like I said , my 12 year old cordless sounds much better . Maybe I 'll go to a yard sale to look for my next cordless .
 Good sound quality , reception , standby & talk time . One handset went out of order within a month . Cleaning the caller id was a pain because even the calls received had to be cleaned on both handsets separately . Uniden customer service was disappointing . I will not recommend it to anyone because it is not reliable and simply not worth the money .
 Over the past 17 years I have purchased more Uniden phones than I care to remember . I bought them early on because I was young and just starting out and did n't have much money -LRB- eg - THEY were cheap -RRB- . I bought them later on because Uniden phones always offered more features than anything comparably priced -LRB- eg - I was cheap -RRB- . But thru the 17 years the one constant w / Uniden phones was that they were all seriously lacking in quality ! The early phones just plain sounded bad ... the later phones would just break within months.I purchased the TRU-4485-2 phone system over a year ago -LRB- paying a bit more than they are currently being offered for -RRB- because of all the great features
 I set this phone up yesterday and I am shipping it back today . The first thing I did when I recieved the phone was turnit on to check for static and it was terrible . That is what have based my review on . I have not explored all the options that the phone has as the static was all I need to hear and it was back in the box . So back to the search in hopes of finding a good cordless .
 I 'm always on the phone , it 's part of what I do best . * wink * My favorite little subby got Me this phone , although he didnt like it . I HAD TO HAVE IT.Pros
 Uniden cordless phone quit working after 4 months -LRB- bought NEW -RRB- . Customer service gave us no satisfaction after calling and talking to 2 people , and thru their web site . They only told me to mail it back , at my own expense , and they would try to fix it . It would take `` at least 30 days '' . It would not hold a charge no matter what we tried , and we tried everything . I told CS I wanted another new phone because I only have antique dial phone to use for the month . They were neither helpful or courteous . BUY SOMEWHERE ELSE , their Customer Service is no service .
 Uniden cordless telephone quit working after 4 months . It would not hold a charge , and believe me we tried everything . I called customer service and talked to 2 different people . I even tried emailing them . The only help they would give me was to send it in , at my expense , wait at least 30 days , and they would try to fix it , and send me the same phone back . They did nothing to help , even after explaining that I did not want to be without a phone for 30 days . GO SOMEWHERE ELSE . This phone stinks .
 Had to send the base unit back TWICE due to it not charging the handset . Was able to send it back after many , many phone calls and explanations to the rep. Have had this phone for less than one year and already hate it for it 's unreliability and lack of functions.WORST customer service I 've ever encountered . Well , except for Dell , but that 's another review.I recommend the Panasonic MultiTalk . It costs a little more but worth it .
 Good battery life , nice caller ID features , but I 've had such difficulty with the reception I could n't possibly reccommend this phone . As some the other reviews have mentioned , I get constant static almost everywhere in my home . Maybe you 'll have better luck in your home , but beware .
 The features are great , reception good but the power supply went out after 9 months .
 The only reason this phone is getting a single star is because of its features -LRB- i.e. caller id -RRB- . However , in terms of reception , this phone is inferior to any other phone I have ever used . It 's clarity is even sometimes worse than my cell phone . I have nearly constant static even when I 'm standing virtually on top of the base . Stay far , far away from this phone .
 This is the first time I 've ever written a review but feel it is so important because this is one of the worst products we 've ever bought . We bought the phones for xmas . Everything on the phones work very well -LRB- range , caller ID , phone book , phone page , etc -RRB- except that it sounds like you 're on a cell phone when you use this phone . One problem is that if you and the caller ever start talking at the same time , it 's impossible to hear what the person said so you have to keep saying , `` what was that ? '' . I 've called home and my husband sounds like he 's talking on a cell phone - it 's not static at all but just unclear . We 've heard that from friends and relatives too . Maybe ours is defective but now we 're stuck with it and will have to swallow the cost and start looking for a new one ... live and learn I guess .
 I purchased this phone to replace a single handset 900 Mhz Uniden phone that I loved . Since I am a gadget junkie I decided to go with the 2.4 Ghz , and to my surprise it was much worse . I read someone else 's review that compared it to a cell phone , but my cell phone is more clear . I would recommend no one purchase this phone . It is a great concern that you can not even count on consistency from the manufacturers of cordless phones . Every time I buy a new phone , I always end up buying a different brand in order to find the quality I am looking for .
 I have noticed that neither phone will not charge in its base unit . When you rest the phone on the cradle , it will not charge unless you provide additional support to keep the phone on the charging contacts . At present we use a popcicle stick to position the phone so it will charge . This is a trick we learned from a previous Uniden phone purchase . That phone took 2 years for the problem to develop , this phone set took 3 months . We have always liked the Uniden phones for their clarity and sound quality , but a phone that wo n't recharge is of little use , no matter how great the sound quality . This will be the last Uniden phone that we purchase . At least with this phone the keypad did n't stop working too , unless that will happen in the next few weeks !
 Spend your money on a better phone . I bought the Uniden EXA-2245 2.4 GHz Analog Cordless Phone with Digital Answering a few months ago . I have never had a problem with Uniden before , but this is the WORST phone I have ever had . There is so much interference . I ca n't have a phone conversation without hearing 3-4 other conversations at the same time . The most irritating part is that the interfering conversations are crystal clear , while my conversation is static-y and oftentimes lost completely due to the interference . Even sitting right next to the base does not help . THIS IS THE WORST PHONE ! My old 900mhz phone was better than this . I have to buy yet another phone now to replace this piece of junk . The answering machine part is OK though .
 Can not hear the person you are talking to . Terrible !
 After we used and liked the phone for two weeks the handset developed severe static . When we contacted Philips ' customer support they agreed it was a defective handset and gave us an address to which we could return the handset for repair or replacement . Our poatal service record of receipt indicates they received it on October 21 , 2006 . For more than two months we made numerous phone calls , spoke to many different persons , and were promised callbacks that never came . Finally a `` supervisor '' assured us that a handset was `` in the mail . '' That was more than three weeks ago . We plan to keep trying to get some satisfaction , but meanwhile we have lost any shred of confidence we ever had in this manufacturer .
 It worked fine for 3 months and then the receiver stopped being able to connect to the base . After 3 calls to the so-called ` customer service ' they gave me the address to send it back -LRB- at my own expense of course -RRB- and said the response time would be 4-6 weeks . In the meantime I guess I 'll have to buy something that works.I 've had a Philips phone before , when I lived in Europe . It was also quite cute and packed up after only a few months . Now that 's it I 'm afraid .
 Nothing is good about this - poor battery life , poor interface , i could never conf two handsets even after reading the manual 10 times , no phonebook sharing , 2 handsets went bad within 3 months and flash is not working anymore !! I hate it - am ready to throw it in garbage as soon i get my new set .
 I have this a gift to a friend in Atlanta . She just called me to tell me that it has stopped working over the 4-th of July weekend . It would have been nice if it had lasted a few months instead . I will have to find out how to get it repaired or replaced this week .
 The sound quality of this product is no where near what it was rated . The line is always full of static .
 I brought one Dect2251g/37 with an extension handset . After charging the base handset for the initial 2 minutes , the AC power adapter blasted . It 's good that I had installed one of those power trippers to save my life :-RRB- . But overall , I wo n't recommend this product due to this kind of faulty piece i got .
 Price reflects quality . Poor sound quality , NO features , not that easy to use . Do n't waste your money
 I bought the TRU-448-2 when my Siemens 2.4 GHz started to go . I thought that I had read positive review here and although I had shied away from Uniden before , I would try it.First Lesson - Trust your instincts!This is by far the most horrible cordless phone system I have ever come across.Clarity - I think that juice cans with string would be clearer than this sorry excuse for a system . If you enjoy static , pops and clicks then this is the phone system for you . It is so bad , that most people calling think that it 's my cell phone number they called.The features are pretty awful too . There 's not even an intercom system between handsets.If you have a wireless computer network at home , forget about trying to talk on the phone and use the net at the same time . My Siemens system for some reason never interfered with the wireless computer network , but leave it to the trusty TRU-448-2 to trample anything that comes in it 's path and all this with the very same pathetic sound quality I 've come to expect.So , after really , really trying , I am throwing in the towel . Time to flush the TRU-448-2 bye bye .
 One of the handsets lost its ability to transmit , just after the warranty expired.But wait , there 's more : These two handsets do NOT share phonebook information -- if you plan to store telephone numbers for easy dialing , you 'll have to enter them twice . There 's no way to beam phonebooks from one to the other , like some Siemens phones do.We tried one third-party headset , and it did not work well . We bought the Uniden HS910 Headset -LRB- an additional $ 20 -RRB- and it is only barely adequate ; both its speaker and microphone produce substandard sound.All in all we 've been underwhelmed with this unit , and we 're looking to replace it even though we 've only owned it for 14 months .
 Second phone never worked . Quality of speakerphone was abysmal . We gave up on it and bought a different phone . Save the money
 I ignored some of the bad words I 'd heard on this phone and made the purchase . Everything was great for about two months ... then , both of the handsets began cutting out , so that you could n't hear the person on the other end . Seems like a short , because you could smack the side of the phone and it would work again for a minute or so.Disappointing to say the least . Another drawback is that the speaker phone sound quality is horrible -LRB- no one can hear you unless your mouth is literally on the mic -RRB- , and you ca n't dial out from the base.I 'm on my way out the door to return this thing ... -LRB- luckily bought an extended warranty -RRB- . First of all , when buying any of the 2.4 ghz phones -LRB- they 're chock full of problems -RRB- , buy somewhere ... where you can purchase the extended warranty . Second of all , stay away for this Uniden.Good luck !
 Pros : - Easy to set up and use.-Good quality construction-Charges quickly-Second handset is a `` nice to have `` Cons : - Voice quality is terrible if you are out of line of sight of the antenna in another room . Sounds more like a cell phone than a land line .
 While I have enjoyed a -LSB- money amount -RSB- Uniden cordless for two years , I can not believe they let this particular model out of development and into production . The sound quality , ESPECIALLY to those on the other line , is simply unforgivable . Static , distant and just terrible . I like the functions , price and even the look , but without good sound quality , what good is everything else?Last word
 I seem to be the only one with this problem but I had to return my phone due to poor sound quality . Handset # 1 echoed badly on my end and the people I talked to told me that I sounded far away or muffled . Handset # 2 was better but there was still some echoing on my end . I liked all the features of the phone and was very disappointed that the sound was a problem .
 like many of the other buyers , i ignored warnings and purchased this phone anyway because it had so many features . bad idea . the sound quality is terrible . people constantly told me that they could n't hear me , i heard a hissing in the background and i had difficulty hearing people as well . i bought this phone about 4 months ago and initially it was fine . i especially like the second handset but at this point , i 'm still looking for a good quality cordless phone . i do n't ask for much . just want good sound quality . if anyone has any suggestions ... . i would not recommend this phone . oftentimes , i had to call people back on my cell phone because this phone was so unclear .
 Good phone , but even with the highest quality headsets , and with a Mic Sensitivity maxed out , people had difficulty hearing me . Do not buy this if you intend to use a headset .
 This phone looks good , but does not work well at all . Even the primary unit has terrible static interference when carried further than 10 feet from the base unit . The secondary unit -LRB- which , in our house is only about 20 feet from the primary -RRB- crackles , breaks up , and screeches on every incoming or outgoing calls . Do not waste your money on this item .
 Not the phone for me . Some phones are designed to last only through the end of the month . Bang and Olufsen phones are far superior .
 Complicated to usePoor sound qualityUnable program correct day timespare handset goes dead after 2 minutesjust not user friendly
 DO NOT spend your hard earned money on this average phone . What you get from this phone and answering system , you could get investing in a $ 20.00 system ! The phone reception is terrible ... do n't expect to have the TV on and be able to hear when talking on the phone . And the answering system ... HORRIBLE . We have set the ringer to pick up after 4 rings and it ALWAYS picks up after 2 rings . Messages left on the system are ALWAYS cut off ; rather the message is 5 seconds are 20 seconds.NOT WORTH THE MONEY !
 I purchased this Uniden phone after the buttons on my Panasonic 900mhz all became stuck and the phone was unuseable . I 've had several Panasonics over the years and I decided not to get another because of how they wear out so fast , although the clarity and other features on them is great . So I decided to look into Uniden because I had always heard good things , and I decided to go with the 2.4 and loved the idea of 2 handsets . Well I just returned this phone today after giving it a months try . The first thing I noticed was the clarity , friends would say my voice was n't clear they could tell the difference from my Panasonic . The hissing and static was constant on every call , even the other party could hear it , and half the time I sounded like I was talking into a tin can . I would change several channels and it would get better , but when I had the microwave or the washing machine on , I would get interference and clicking , but I decided to give it a chance . The thing that finally made me decide to return it was the Caller ID . It would take almost 3 rings before the words `` Incoming Call '' on the window would go away and the caller 's name and number would show up , then half the time the caller 's info would say `` Incomplete Data '' and not give me the callers name and number , but my Sprint stand alone Caller ID unit would show me the info !! What 's the sense in having a Caller ID phone and paying for the service if it 's not going to show the caller 's info ? Also the phone does n't let you know with a light or anything if a call came in while you were out unless the person left a message on the machine . You had to scroll thru the Caller ID to see if anybody called . Also the end -LRB- off -RRB- button is so small it 's hard to press off , it 's smaller than an eraser head on a pencil !! Another feature it was missing was it did n't let you know that the battery was dying until it started beeping , no warning . I also did n't like that you could n't use both handsets at the same time . The info in the description on this sight said it came with a headset and beltclips . It had beltclips , but there was n't a headset included , you have to buy that yourself . After all this I have decided to try another Panasonic .
 I purchased this phone because of all the features . They all work very well , except two . First , there is a terrible ` echo effect ' . It sounds to me like I 'm in a tunnel . The person on the other end says the same thing . I found the further you get away from the base unit the less this happens . So , if you can handle having the base , which has the answering machine , in your bedroom , while all the phones are in other rooms , it might be okay.The other problem is the wall mounting . Yes , the base is wallmountable , however , the phone does not stay on the base . I have had other systems that it works , but not with this one.So , this one gets a 2 star . Most important to me is sound quality and it fails .
 this seems like a nice phone , with an amazing feature set . that 's what it says right here on the box . but nobody seems upset about how incredibly difficult this phone is to use . there 's no single glaring flaw , just a big pile of inconveniences that add up to a beastly little phone . i really , really wanted to like this phone , but i 've returned it after a few days.complaints , in no particular order : the base , handset1 , and handset2 share no information with each other except the incoming caller-id . effect
 Reception is fine and the double handsets is the major reason I purchased this set for my parents . However , the speed dial and call end buttons are difficult to use and the backlit display is hard to read for those without exceptional eye-sight . Annoyances : - Most cordless phones have one button for both TALK and END . However , this Uniden model has * two * and the END button is about 1/6th the size of the TALK button . - Display hard to read for those with less than stellar vision . - Speed dial is not as simple as hitting a dial button then the number . It 's some convoluted set of directions before you can get it to dial . - While the phone is ringing on the base set , if you pick it up , it will not automatically answer . You must also hit the talk button . - Interference with my wireless PC network -LRB- all 2.4 GHz do though -RRB- Positives : - Decent reception - Dual handsets - NiMH battery
 To me reception is all important . That is why I am taking this one back today . I really liked all the features , but I get an echo when I talk . The person on the other end says it sounds like I 'm in a tunnel . I found that the further I got away from the base unit , the less ` tunnel effect ' there was . If you can have the base unit -LRB- with answering machine -RRB- several rooms away or you talk outside alot , it 's great .
 As shown in Amazon 's illustration , the 10 reams of paper are in a Hammermill cardboard box . I 've received shipments of similar boxes that came through in good shape . However , as Amazon shipped the product , the 10 reams of paper were put in a box somewhat larger than necessary to hold them , and the remaining space was partially filled with airbags.When I received the package , all the airbags had collapsed , and all of the reams were broken open . Some of the paper was wrinkled enough to make printer feeding problematical.The solution is to ship the product in Hammermill 's outer box , and package that in one of Amazon 's cardboard boxes .
 This phone has terrible sound , a constant backround hissing . I recommend the analog Uniden EXI 376 instead , which has much clearer sound and costs half as much . I own both -LRB- although not for long , the TRU-446 is going back -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this model .
 From the time that we bought this phone , we have had problems . Our phone does not always hang up the connection when ending the call . The phone connection will stay open leading us to unplug the phone line and reconnecting . This occurs whenever we use the phone - making a call or checking our messages . Also , when we moved , our message light indicator quit working . It just started working again this week and now the light will not stop blinking even after we have cleared our messages . Nothing but problems ! We should have returned it early on .
 Wife hates it . . we have had trouble with signal breaking up and static on transmission . Contacted Uniden repair and they said to move to new location . . easy said but not convenient to us.Micro Wave seems to drive it nuts . I guess it would work fine if used in the front yard .
 I just bought a different brand name and it was not worth it . You can hear yourself talking back into the phone and it has static . I will not pay that kind of money for a digital phone . I just read in the sunday paper that digital phones are not worth it and have alot of problems ! I returned that phone and will stick with the phone I have !
 Well , after my extraordinarily frustrating experience with Uniden , I do n't think I 'll never buy another of their products . The phone had potential . The handsets are lightweight , the caller id functions are easy to use -LRB- although not that easy to see -RRB- , the extra handset is a beautiful feature . All this aside though , I 've had the phone less than two weeks , and it 's got a few issues . I had hoped to talk to Uniden and see if I could get the problem resolved , but that just ended up being another issue . Here goes : Issue 1
 I 'm always amazed to see reviews of cordless phones where people lavish praise for all the gizomos , gadgets and features except for one pesky little detail -- sound quality . I suppose a lot of people are satisfied as long as a telephone is fun to play with and has all the cool stuff . For me it 's different . While I appreciate features I am here , first and foremost , to make a phone call and for maximum clarity . To that end , The Uniden TRU-448 is a MISERABLE failure . I have bought one , returned it to the store and even picked up a SECOND unit because I 'd read all these wonderful reviews.I was told by the people I called that it sounded muffled and low-volume . I tried changing the location any number of times , playing with the antenna and anything else I could think of to little or no result . I 'm beginning to wonder if it 's an overall problem with 2.4 gigahertz as I 've tired out and returned about 7 phones the past year . I wish I could recommend a better phone or someone could recommend to me . But , for the mean time , I 'm sticking with my ancient 900mhz .
 You 'd logically assume that 2.4 GHz phones would offer better sound than 900 MHz ones which is why they cost more , right?WRONG !!!! I have another Uniden phone , at 900 MHz , and its sound quality is about 10 times better . This 2.4 GHz technology is all about marketing B.S. -- I end up having to almost shout on this phone in order for other people to hear me properly , and I do n't hear them as well either.It 's too bad , because the answering machine seems to work quite well , easy to use functions . The phone is attractively designed , with the handset being of a very pleasing shape and appearance . The cellphone-like digital display is convenient too , but unfortunately the `` Rocket Dial '' memory-dialing system is a real pain to figure out and use consistently.My advice is , get a better phone for less money
 After these were rated a best buy in Consumer Reports I bought three of them -LRB- bases and handsets -RRB- for my house . After a few months two of them developed a problem with charging . When you drop the handset into the cradle , it does not make good contact with the charging elements . If you jiggle it a bit , the red `` charging '' light comes on , and it charges . This has been annoying for the past six months , as sometimes you pick up the phone to answer a call , and the handset is dead as it was not charging in the cradle . Cleaning the contacts on the phone and the base has made no difference . The problem has gradually progressed , and now even with jiggling , on one set no contact can be made , and the handset will not charge . At -LSB- the price -RSB- / each , it would be more trouble to return them than they are worth - I am going to throw them away , and replace them -LRB- with a different brand -RRB- . It is curious that no one else has reported this problem , but it happened to two of three of these phones I purchased .
 I am very disappointed in the quality of this model . I purchased two , and I 'm returning both . Coverage is poor , and CID does not work in all outlets in my house . Very strange . Uniden customer service pretty much confirmed that this model is n't very good . I 'm much more satisfied with my Panasonic . I 'm going to order a couple more of them to replace the Unidens .
 Shortly after puchasing the phone it died . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The Amazon price was right 12/2003 $ 19 but reception is noisy when I move around in my small house . My old 800 MHz phone has much , much better range . I would n't buy this phone again at any price . It would be REALLY foolish to pay the current $ 2901/2004 .
 I bought this phone in the fall and by the summer it had died . Until then it was a good phone , very good range . Great for people who buy phones like calenders . -LRB- One every year -RRB-
 it started buzzing continuously and loudly . It 's worthless now . Cheap enough though . I guess you could just buy one every year and consider it disposable .
 I was so cautious when we bought this phone . I remember bad Unidens growing up , but thought a Consumer Report Best Buy would n't lead us wrong . I even bought a phone for my mother . WELL -- it does n't always charge in the wall-mounted base and at times we had to stick a pencil behind it to make the charge light go on . It makes strange inteference buzzing noises , and 9 months into the phone the ringer became so quiet we could n't hear it if we were in the same room . I called the company who convinced me it was a battery issue , spent money on a new battery , followed their recommendations once again , and ca n't talk on the phone for more than 30 minutes before the low battery light beeps at me . I give up !
 Just after a couple a months my phone has started to die , I have replace the battery and still it does not work like it should . I would n't recommend this product to anyone.Update
 I have had my phone for just over a month and it is already falling apart . I wish I had not purchased it .
 I 've tried two of these phones , and neither worked for me . EVERY time I used the phone there would be a loud , obnoxious buzzing sound emitted that was audible to both parties on the call . According to the Uniden manual , this is NOT a defect , but is caused by `` Interference from some other electronic or major appliance in the house '' . Well , since I have had many other phones which were not suceptible to this interference , I returned the phone.Two out of two failures , for me , means I probably wo n't try another Uniden phone in the near future .
 Junk , junk , junk . What else can I say . Good phone if you never make or receive calls . It is Ivory , though . The phone starts to have feedback ... you know , it SCREAMS in your ear when you are using it.My cellular is better by far . I have a sony and it is good .
 Phone was fine while it worked . Liked the caller ID and name / number storage , though it was a bit cumbersome . But after 9 months it started with a loud buzzing . Getting it replaced under warranty - though that one will probably die also
 This Phone is very deceiving!It looks nice has a lighted display very well put together!Well all would be great if the caller ID would work!all that comes up is `` incomplete data '' everytime I get a phone call , when I hang up the phone it sometimes then decides to tell me who called!This phone is worthless !!! Dont be fooled !!!
 you 'd be better off using two cans and string than this POS !
 This cheaply made , poorly constructed metal box with key lock is way overpriced . What a disappointment . To top it off , poor packaging for shipment resulted in the two halves of the box being jammed together such that I had to use a screwdriver to pry them open .
 The phone itself is n't bad , but I rated it a 1 star for the poor quality of voice/sound on the answering machine . I tried several digital answering machines and finally ended up with the Panasonic kx-tg2247s phone/answering machine . It works great and has good sound quality .
 I can honestly say I regret buying this phone . With all the technology out there , I do n't know how I ever found myself buying a 900 mhz ANALOG phone . To make a long story short , the reception is full of static and prone to be heard by neighbors . A neighbor picked up on my conversation -LRB- I know it was him because I heard his pets in the background -RRB- . Also , the caller ID takes several rings to register the number . Spend a little more and go with a stronger transmission -LRB- 2.4 mhz and digital as opposed to analog -RRB- .
 We were disappointed with the sound quality of the recorded messages -LRB- both incoming and outgoing -RRB- . The phone itself was OK , but we returned it for the lack of recording quality -LRB- our old Casio had much better sound quality , unfortunately it died and Casio seems to be out of the phone/answerer business these days -RRB- .
 In this day and age you should not need to worry about crossing lines or signels with your neighbors ... But on this phone we get background noise about 20 % of the time . We use it for the answering machine now ...
 I bought one one month ago . Now I 'm suffering discontinous voice and interrupted calls . I do n't know if this is a common problem or not . When I call uniden , they just let me to contact repair department .
 I purchased a new Uniden EXAI-378 . While it 's really bad product . Before I use it , I read the manual carefully and want to use the all of functions built in this phone . Firstly , the voice quality of incoming and outgoing recorded message is really bad . Secondly , I think my calling can be heard by neighbors bacause I can hear the ringing of other cordless phone while I am calling . Thirdly , I found one of function can not be used , which is Memory Number Dialing From Talking Mode . I called customer service and got some instructions to try to fix it . Unfortunately , the instruction did n't work . I believe this is a defective product . So I called them again . Then I had very unhappy and terrible experience with a bad manner lady . She even hung up before we really finished the talking . She know nothing about the produt . What a bad customer service ! I will never ever purchase any Uniden product !!
 This phone runs out of battery life after 30 minutes of talk time and then starts chirping incessantly while you are still talking , as if you do n't already realize from the first few chimes that it 's about to die . So in the midst of suddenly trying to explain to your caller that you must end the conversation , this stupid beeping keeps interrupting you.The receiver does n't rest in the cradle correctly for some reason , and so it does not always charge . Even when I have been careful to look and see the little light go on to indicate it is indeed charging , I still seem to have bad luck with talk time running out too quickly.The battery comes unplugged -LRB- from within the receiver -RRB- very easily , so sometimes when I go to press `` talk '' in order to dial , nothing happens . It took me a while to realize that the battery inside had become disengaged every so slightly , so for a while , it just seemed like the thing had totally died.Also , the answering machine does n't allow enough time for callers to leave a message , and I 've had messages cut off.Wish I had realized all this before my 30 days were up to return this piece of garbage . Just breathing on it wrong makes it malfunction . I hate this phone . It should be shot .
 This phone just works OK for me . The price is good , but the quality is limited . I can hear my neighbors when I am using this phone 50 % time . I have though it was because I was living in a dorm and I was so close to other students . But , unfortunately , it seems like a common problem for this phone .
 I never write these reviews but felt compelled after buying this piece of garbage . It worked ok for the first few months but then I gradually started hearing more and more crackling and interference . The straw that broke the camel 's back was when my fiancee called and I could n't hear her . When I tried to change the channel it bascially just died . I promptly spiked the phone on the floor into a million pieces . The battery never seemed to really hook up right to the unit , the caller ID came up when it wanted to , and the reception was uneven.Save your money !!! Buy something else .
 It would be nice to have more information . It looks like it has a answering machine on it also . But does not say if it does or does not ? Price is great .
 Phone still works ... except the LCD , ca n't use it when the microwaves on ... always searching for a new channel so sometimes it just drops you off ... last time I buy this make of phone !
 I bought this phone thinking it would be a good phone . Unfortunately , I was very mistaken . The reception is terrible . And , not to mention I only dropped the phone on the floor once and the LCD screen pixels are almost totally gone . I can only read a few of the pixels that are left . The problem is that I can not make out an actual word out of the whole screen . This is a horrible phone . Stay away from this phone . Sorry Phonemate .
 Phone was dead on arrival . What good are design and features if execution produces a totally non-working product ? I 'd give it zero stars if I could .
 I have this phone , battery is dead , and I searched everywhere , and could not find one with same model , this phone is out of date , not useful once the battery is gone !
 DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE . Its a complete piece of junk . seriously . we 've had it for less than a year , and the display has stopped working almost entirely -LRB- only the bottom part of the letters display -RRB- , it has alot of static , battery doesnt last long , and functions not easy to use .
 This phone is also sold under the brand of BELL SOUTH . Both models are identical . Avoid them . The display -LRB- the caller id was the reason I bought the phone -RRB- goes out after a while , rendering the phone a waste of money .
 I was sent the wrong mousepad the 1st time . They then sent me another one to make up for it . That was the wrong one too . They have the correct skew on the website but it is attached to the wrong product in the wharehouse and refused to pull the correct one and mail it to me . I was not happy !
 This handset is NOT compatible with the DCT 640 series , as Amazon 's title claims . Very frustrating .
 i 've had this set for one year and i just bought a 5.8 ghz Uniden 3 handset system to replace them . the phones would be on the charger for two weeks and after five minutes of use , the phone would beep low battery and die suddenly . it 's really fun when you 're on hold with tech support.the wire mesh screen over the ear receiver scratches your ear . it 's not comfortable at all.Buy a Uniden set for $ 100 and you 'll be much happier . This phone sucks .
 Our family was not happy with this phone.It echoed which was very annoying.The worst part was that it interfered with our DSL line . The nice thing about DSL is that family members can be on the computer and on the phone at the same time , but everytime someone picked up this VTech v2660 phone it shut down the DSL.I sent back the phone to Amazon last Saturday and am happy that it was so easy to return without having to pay shipping costs .
 I bought three of these phones for my office . The phones are easy to use but not dependable equipment . The speaker function has never worked well on ANY of the phone - full of static/interference and cuts in and out . The most heavily used phone , mine , died after a year and half or so of use . You ca n't get anyone to fix phones any more for any reasonable amount of money , so I 'll have to probably get rid of it and buy another phone . It wo n't be a panasonic . I 'm disgusted and DO NOT recommend the Panasonic KX-TS4100 or the one with the answering machine .
 For the money I think you could get a better phone . We have four in our office and no one is happy with them . Our line one works fine but two and three never do . The phone company blames the phones and the Panasonic blames the phone company . Big surprise huh ?
 I purchased 6 of these for my small office . They perform the function in a very basic way . I am disappointed they are not caller id capable . The sound quality is mediocre and inconsistent.Jan . 15th , 2013 . UPDATE ! I 've now had these phone in my office for a year and I have to say I like them even less than before . The speakers stopped working entirely on several of the phones . One phone died and had to be thrown out . The old adage of you get what you pay for really applies this time .
 purchased 4 of them for my new medical office ; unfortunately by the time I used them in my office , none worked properly ! Be careful!Unfortunately , not many choices for 4-line phone in the market now
 Bought four and all of them make a static sound whenever we use the speaker . Contacted Panasonic just could not figure out and they did not want to do anything as it was technically out of warranty in just a few months . Just got stuck now and will not recommend this product at all .
 This review was originally for the TS4200B which we actually purchased , but since we suspect the same problem exists throughout the 4100 , 4200 and 4300 series , the 4200B review for the 2 units we actually purchased , appears as follows : Panasonic has a design flaw in this unit , which is unfortunate , as it is the best looking 4-line corded phone on the market and is otherwise an excellent phone . The problem is that once the hook is released -LRB- or you switch from from one line to another -RRB- when you then immediately get a dial tone , it takes approximately an additional 1.5 seconds for an audible tone to be heard from any number keys you press . You an easily press anywhere from 4 to 6 keys during this lag period , during which time you hear nothing . Then it catches up and starts dialing , although still at a slower rate than which you originally pressed the keys . Our our four lines , on the first three we kept our original , trusty FIOS lines , and on the 4th line we put a VOIP line . Same problem all lines . We had another jack where we had plugged in a new Panasonic 2-line phone -LRB- KG-TX6700 -RRB- and the phone worked normally to key presses . We plugged the 4200B into the same jack , but the same delay as before occurred . We bought a second 4200B - same problem . We believe the problem probably exists on the 4100 and 4300 phones as well.We went out a then bought our less preferred AT&T ; 4-line phone -LRB- Model 974 -RRB- and it worked like a charm . The Panasonic problem exists on at least two types of phone networks - Verizon 's FIOS -LRB- fiber optic -RRB- phone lines , as well as on Verizon 's VOIP service trademarked as Verizon Voicewing . I am not sure if the problem exists on the old copper line networks , but if you try this phone , be sure to test it.The other thing to test is how you use this phone . If you typically pick up the phone and do n't dial until the phone is at your ear -LRB- i.e. as opposed to dialing immediately with the speaker phone -RRB- , then you might not see this as a problem , as it takes about 1.5 seconds to get the phone off the hook and up to your ear , and by that time , the dial tones will respond immediately . However , even then , if you switch back and forth quickly between lines to get a quick dial tone - then you will have the problem.Otherwise , great phone , but re the above - buyer beware .
 Panasonic seems to have put a lot of energy into features and not much into quality . We have three KX-TS4100s and one KX-TS4300 that we bought for the voice mail.While they 're a huge improvement over the IP system we struggled with for over a year -LRB- never again ! -RRB- , the Panasonics are not nearly as good as anything I was using twenty and thirty years ago.The handset sound quality is terrible
 A product has to be really , really bad for me to write a negative review . I think the only bad review I 've ever written was for a baby swing that wound up being recalled by the CPSC . Point is , this keyboard tray is BAD . Really bad . It is a piece of plywood suspended between two flimsy rolling arms that attach to the underside of the desk with gigantic galvanized metal brackets . I spent hours attaching it only to remove it at the end of the day because it was so bulky and wiggly and ugly and dangerous . The manufacturer 's description honestly sounds like it 's for a different product ... I checked my model number several times before writing this review ! The drawer does not `` lock '' into place ... you can pull it right out -LRB- I mean ALL the way out -RRB- and there 's not a single ball bearing in sight ! I could have easily built this with junk I have in my basement . Only mine would have been better . Hopefully I 've made my point and saved you some time , money and aggravation .
 The titile of the phone when I purchased it said GE 5.8 GHz Dual Handset cordless phone , which made me believe it has 2 handsets , however , when I received it , it jsut had one handset . Later on I was told by Amazon customer service that this phone comes with one handset but is expandable upto 2 handsets . Nevertheless , Amazon customer service has been great , my return was processed very fast and my money was refunded in full ! Amazon is a great place to buy stuff online .
 This is the worst piece of junk phone you can order . Get a can and a string it will work better .
 This is the worst telephone I have ever owned . It 's so difficult to hear the person you are talking with . I find myself having to ask the other person to repeat themselves many times during each conversation I have while using this phone . You hear background noise louder than it actually is -LRB- say your television is on , but at a reasonable volume level , it will sound louder than it is through this phone , making it nearly impossible for you to hear the person you 're speaking to -RRB- . I actually dread phonecalls now . I am looking for a different phone today . Talking on the phone should not be frustrating ! Do not buy this phone set .
 I completely agree with the other person 's comments regarding this phone . It 's horrible . It is hard to hear on and it picks up all kind of interference . I live in an area where the houses are acres away from each other , so what it is picking up , I do n't know . It gets lots of static too . I am hoping to return it today for a refund . Save yourself the time and money . Do n't buy this phone .
 I ordered the teacher kit and received six plastic calculator cases , each able to hold 10 calculators . There was no kit . The description states the kit includes calculators , a case and teaching tools for the calculators in english and spanish . I returned the kit and received a refund without any problems . The company was very responsive and helpful in the return process , however they did not address the issue that I never received the item as described or if they even carry that item .
 I ordered the Teacher Kit and got an email from the company indicating that they `` just sold the last one . '' They suggested that I wait until they got some more in or ask for a refund . I asked for the refund and it was handled well . However , their product remained on Amazon and continued to state `` In Stock . '' I do n't understand that !
 Received this pen today . It is not a ballpoint pen ; it is a gel ink pen . The pen only wrote for a little bit and then was done . It needs a new refill , which is no big deal I guess since I would 've swapped out the gel for a ballpoint refill anyway ... but it still would 've been nice to get some use out of the refill that came with the pen . The cushy grip had a weird sticky film all over it that did come off - thankfully ! Since the ink did n't work for very long I have n't had much of a chance to use the pen for any length of time , but it was enough to feel that the pen is a little heavy on the clip end . Not very well balanced in the hand . I 'd just return the pen if I felt like making a trip to the Post Office and spending more money on postage . I have some extra Parker refills that will work in this pen , so I might as well keep it . I was hoping to love it right out of the box , but maybe it 'll grow on me in time .
 I have had Lamy 2000s for years and I have never had a problem with buying refills . I am now on my second refill purchased from Amazon , both have dried out after a couple of weeks . The first one I thought was just one of those things , so I ordered another -- same thing happened.I suggest that you find another vendor for Lamy refills as Amazon apparently has defective stock .
 Other reviews fairly reflected my feelings about the system . My complaint is the range from the base set to the handset . I live in a fairly large townhome . My baseset is at the front of the first floor and one of the handsets is at the rear of the second floor . The distance is only 80 ' plus 12 ' up . The handset can not communicate at that range . This is a normal house with regard to heating ducts , electrical wiring , etc.AT & T ; cusomter service was great when I first brought this to their attention and even sent me a new base unit . I also tried different handsets , all to no avail .
 Tried this brand . Not sure what brand I got , as it was packaged in a plain white box . No label or instructions . The binding did not hold . I wasted over half the box . Gave up and purchased same size Fellowes brand from another supplier . Worked great . In comparing the two products , the glue strip on this product is thiner than the Fellowes Brand .
 The picture make you think you will get a couple of notebooks in all sorts of colors , but you actually only get one and they choose the color for you . This price is as double as walmart price , and the paper quality is poor . Do n't buy it , go to walmart or target .
 These are sold for 25 cents at staples and target and in bulk quantities at Sam 's club way cheaper than this price . I thought it was a set of 6 as shown in the photo ... dooped !
 The back cover is totally flop-tastic . You ca n't write on this notebook without putting it on a hard surface . Unless you 're always going to be at a desk , do n't buy it .
 I ordered i think 4 70-sheet notebook spirals , and 2 100-sheet sprials from this company that sent me the wrong items from SAM 'S club ?? But I didnt return the 2 1oo-sheet spirals along with the 4 120-sheet spirls ? because 1 . I didnt feel like waiting for them any longer when I needed them for school 2 . So that i would n't spend any more money on more page spirals at walmart or office depot so it 's okay that my order got wrong . I had already ordered 70 sheet spirals of Mead from another company just in case it happened ... They are nice notebooks though . Paper quality is a bit thicker than your average thin . . smearable paper if you write with pencil alot -LRB- which I do n't unless its a math or number involved class -RRB- I like them .
 This ink has the ancient `` iron gall '' formula with its nifty aroma . Iron gall ink is waterproof but not safe enough for writing checks . Iron gall ink looks good from a `` wet-writing '' pen , but the lower-priced Lamy `` Safari '' and `` Al-Star '' pens are not `` wet '' enough . Also , you should never let iron gall ink dry out in a pen -LRB- permanent clogging ! -RRB- , and you should flush an iron-gall-using pen in both directions with plain water -LRB- pulling water in and forcing water out -RRB- every month or so .
 This pack was supposed to be blue and black ink , but it was only blue . The pen came with blue ink too , so until I find someplace to get black ink , this pen is useless to me . Too much hassle to return such a cheap item , I wish they would have gotten it right the first time .
 Poorly described and did n't fit my Lamy pen . Would not buy againThere was no clear way described to return so I just threw away
 I purchased the Smead expanding file two years ago . I was initially impressed with file folders , which not only contained letters of the alphabet ; but also categories such as automobile receipts , insurance and tax receipts etc. . However , within a year of the folder 's intended use ... namely holding bills and receipts , the organizer had totally disintegrated rendering the product useless . Under no circumstances would I recommend and/or purchase the Smead product again . .
 the rings open up too easily an then after not long , they do n't even close correctly .
 Our kids are required to use binders for school . We have already been through 2 sets of these binders it is worth it to spend a little more for a better binder these fall apart quickly and are not good for everyday use .
 Not very good , needed to keep because ordered last minute . Every time I open the binder it 's a pain to close . Also bends the paper . Could not stand it , bought different one , waste of money and time .
 So , I bought this for couponing . I thought it would be sturdy enough but cheap enough that I could use it . It sucked from day two . The first thing that happened was that the rings that clasp together inside to hold your papers , or whatever , would n't hold . They kept staying just a little bit open , enough to dump everything out if I was n't careful.After a few days of that , the black plastic began to peel off . Now , I was n't handling this thing roughly or anything , I just had coupons in it , and not thousands of them or anything . Then , after about 2 weeks , the thing just literally fell apart.I could n't believe it , honestly . Horrible product .
 The container was missing one of three staple cartridges.I guess that 's a new way to make a buck - Give a small discount and short the order by a third.I am too busy to bother to dispute or return the product . But I am not to busy to stop ordering from Amazon.com for supplies for my business .
 This ink is awful !! At first it wouldnt flow then when it did it was thick and gel-like . The colors were separated in the cartridge and it came out as a watered down pinky-orange . I contacted the seller I bought it from-they told me it was my pen and I should clean it out.FYI It was a brand new pen and it now works perfectly with noodlers rattler red.DO NOT BUY THIS INK .
 Excellent conectivity and performance , but very bad battery life . I buyed a new expensive battery from panasonic , in the hope that I solve the problem . But battery life is still only 14 hours in stand by . I do n't recommend this product , waste of money .
 Besides the size and the fact that it matches a binder I already have , one main reason I ordered this binder from Amazon was that , in the picture above and at the right , it has the black , angled end pieces to enable easier closing . When I received my binder this morning , there were no such black -LRB- or any other color -RRB- end pieces . I have been a satisfied and regular customer of Amazon 's for quite a long while , and this is the first time that I can remember that I did n't get exactly what I THOUGHT I had ordered .
 I bought this binder for long-term storage of some papers , which the product accomplishes fine . However , I would n't use it if you plan on accessing the materials in it very often . The rings in the binder are completely round . Therefore , pages near the end of the binder get `` curled '' near the edge attached to the binder . Other products have rings that are flat near the ends , which remedies the aforementioned problem and makes flipping through pages much smoother.Pros-CheapCons-Curls paper near the ends-Doesn ' t feel sturdy enough for daily use
 Product was received past its expiration date . Product would not harden . I had to go to my local auto shop to purchase new material that WAS NOT past the expiration date . At this time I also realized that I had paid approximately 3 times the regular retail price for a product that did not work . Plus shipping . A waste of money .
 I have decided to vote with my money regarding customer UNfriendly manufacturing policies . I feel strongly about companies that put stickers on their products that are useless and unsightly to us as users and can not be removed without making a worse mess . there is some kind of large sku and inventory sticker right on the spine of these black binders that left a mess of adhesive and white partial paper . A penny more spent would pay for removable labels .
 I ordered this product expecting to receive Cisco product #CP - PWR-CUBE-3 . The photos and description both indicated that this was a Cisco-branded product . What I received was a plain white box labelled `` Cisco CP-PWR-CUBE-3 Compatible Power Supply New , '' and containing a generic Chinese knockoff . Considering that I paid the same price as I would to purchase the genuine product from an authorized Cisco vendor , I feel particularly misled .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT -- This is advertised as a Cisco power supply yet what i received was some knock-off no name brand product that looks cheap and is made in China . I should have taken the advice from the other reviews !! Product is being returned .
 I purchased two of these and one of them makes a whistling sound when plugged in . The supplies I received were NOT Cisco OEM . They were very cheap , light , Chinese knockoff 's .
 This item is most definitely a cheap Chinese ripoff of a Cisco product . It creates the most distracting high-pitched whine I 've ever heard as soon as it is plugged in . This is a complete rip off for the price .
 The description and the box say this is for 7900 series phones but it does n't fit our 7936 . Additionally it 's not a Cisco product it 's a Delta Electronics product . Misleading advertising .
 The green ink of this pen is not typical pen-green ink but fluorescent green . It does n't show up well on paper - think highlighter green . It 's a shame because the ink flows smoothly , just a stupid color . I had bought this one and the extra fine point of the same color . Both write nice , but this one writes a little smoother . It 's really too bad about the ink .
 I gave this item 1 star-but that is because 0 stars is not an option.I hate this phone.I regret buying it.If you are considering this phone-I ca n't give you 1 good reason to buy it.It has never held its charge very long-and it does not have the ability to keep an extra battery on chrg.Spends more time in the cradle than other cordless phones I have owned .
 I needed a phone with a headset jack , system voicemail indicator , and caller ID so I bought this one . What a waste of money . I should have paid attention to the bad reviews , especially about how the darned thing does n't dial a number properly if you press the keys too fast . The redial is absolutely useless because the phone does not produce a dial tone quickly enough for the first number in the sequence to register . I later bought a Panasonic KX-TG8232 that I absolutely love , and this AT&T phone went promptly into the trash .
 I purchased 3 of these phones . Of the 3 , 2 do not work.One worked for 6-months and then displayed `` Not registered '' and was rendered useless.The other upon installing had all keys activating the speaker phone functionality . It would not make calls nor could it be tunred off . I had to unplug it.AT & T ; would not make good on the unworkable phones .
 Mine had problems early and stopped working altogether within a month . It also got quite hot , even tho it was in a wide open location . Whaddya want for $ 25 ? A little more , says I.
 I bought this phone because it was highly rated by Consumer Reports , but so far I 've been disappointed . I 've been using it for a couple of weeks . I 'm frustrated by the extraneous static/noise on the line from time to time . I am also having a problem where I dial a phone number to call someone , and nothing happens ... and I have to dial again . Thinking about returning it .
 I bought this to replace a GE phone . The phone and base are a lot bigger and bulkier than my old phone . The worst part is the batteries are bigger and heavier , but the life is only four hours and takes 16 hours to charge .
 This phone does not work it fades in and out.It is not worth sending back I threw it in the garbage .
 The phone refuses to connect upon first hitting the talk button in response to a phone call . Then it makes a very grating noise before clearing up . And , for some reason , the caller ID will not display . Finally , everyone tells me not to use the speaker feature because my words are indecipherable . Other than that , the phone is fine ...
 To use the speed dial , you must first hold down the button to get the number to be displayed . Then press phone or spkrphone to send . I 'd say about 80 % of the time when I used the phone button I got `` number could not be completed as dialed '' . If I used the spkrphone button instead it always worked , convincing me that it was the phone button and not something else . I also had complaints that people could n't hear me , but only when I was using the headset -LRB- which is most of the time -RRB- . I use this same headset with other phones , so I 'm fairly sure it was n't the headset.I returned it for a replacement phone and it had the same problem . I have to say that amazon has made the whole return process very easy . Since the second phone exhibits the same problem , I 'll get refunded . I commend their customer service .
 The voice quality on this phone is terrible . Whenever I call home from another location , I can hardly hear the person using this phone . It sounds like a bad long-distance call in the days of my childhood.The best feature , though , on this phone is the speaker phone . The volume is great for hearing the caller .
 This is by far the worst phone we have ever owned . When we dial a phone number normally or press redial , it is apparently too quick for the phone to handle and the call does n't go through . If you dial too slowly , you also get an operator message . It takes 3 or 4 times to dial most calls . Most recently when trying to dial out , I would dial a number , and the phone would connect me with a totally random number . Additionally , this phone has the clunkiest call-waiting signal we 've ever heard . It is impossible for your conversation not to be totally disrupted with this overly long yucky sound . This phone has other bad features too
 I stopped trying to call out after messing up for a week . It would never dial correctly . I have had AT&T before and they were fine . Do NOT buy THIS one .
 I bought this phone to replace a GE phone . It 's a lot bulkier and heavier with a much lower battery life . The sound quality is ok if I 'm in the same room with the base , but has a constant `` record skipping '' sound when I leave the room with it . I bought this phone because it was just a few dollars more than a new battery for my old phone . I wish I 'd just bought the new battery instead .
 The phone was very annoying . Everytime I tried to call on the phone , it would not connect . I would have to either change the channel or just not call . I was only able to connect to the number I was calling once in the 30 + times I attempted to call . I returned the phone and went and purchase a different manufactured phone . Consumers Report was very wrong in their rating of this phone . The phone was terrible !!
 Please be aware that chain dialing is not supported in this phone.If you use a calling card for long distance calls , you will have to input the numbers MANUALLY . There is no way to access them from the phones memory while making the call . I had to return the phone ...
 In the past , I 've been happy with AT&T phones , but this phone is really poor quality . I have to dial a phone number three or four times before it actually connects -LRB- this does not happen on any other phones in my house -RRB- , and there is quite a bit of static heard during calls . I bought a hands-free plug-in ear piece to go with this , and the connection is horrible - it cuts out all the time ! In general , I am very disappointed with this product . Spend a little extra money and get a better phone !
 I have had nothing but problems out of this new phone I bought from you . Every time I try and call someone on it , it will make a loud click and after the number is dialed , a voice comes on saying I either have to dial a `` 1 '' before the number or I ca n't dial this number in this manner . And I am calling local . There is something definitely wrong with this phone . And since my 30 days are up , I ca n't send it back or exchange it . I do n't think I will ever order another phone from you people .
 I liked the look of this caddy and how it would hold the CPU firmly min place -LRB- I thought -RRB- . Turns out that it IS sturdy , but because of a design flaw , it simply ca n't receive more than a couple stars from me . The rollers are held in place with wing nuts . Those wing nuts are right next to the place where the CPU sits and when the unit is tight in place they rub against the CPU and cause scraping problems . It also causes the CPU not to sit properly in the caddy . One other thing , the caddy is not long enough to allow enough of the CPU to sit in place . Oh well . I 'm not returning it since I still think it basically works , but I ca n't recommend it .
 I bought three of these nifty looking items and they should have worked well except that some of the wing nuts in each package would not screw on past the second rotation . Made it impossible to attached the wheels securely . I had to go to the hardware store only to discover that the threading in the items was not permitting the wind nuts to screw on fully . I bough several washers and hex nuts and managed to get the job done . Pity . The product is otherwise well make and looks fine and hold the computers well . Not suitable for newer , narrow slim profile desk tops as the minimum width is too wide to hold them surely .
 I 'm a big strong guy , 20 + years of configuring my own computer setups , and I had a hard time getting this thing to work . I 'm not even sure it will work now.I had a hard time tightening the caddy against the computer case so that it wo n't slide back and forth as I move it around on the wheels . I do n't need to move it around very often , so I 'd just as soon keep it.I 'm not an engineer -LRB- and I 'm questioning whether the person who designed this is either -RRB- , but I think the design could be better . It 's a three piece design , with the two `` wings '' that hold the sides of the CPU attached to a bottom plate.The major problem is that I found it hard to tighten the wings sufficiently to keep the CPU from sliding . That 's even after I turned the CPU upside-down for the install -LRB- and not everyone can or wants to do that -RRB- . I did n't even try doing the adjustment/tightening from the top -LRB- with the CPU in it -RRB- ... the wing nuts are on the bottom and once the CPU is in the caddy putting pressure on it , sliding/adjusting the wings was out of the question -LRB- not to mention getting to the wing nuts -RRB- . I put the CPU on it 's side and tried again but the weight of whichever wing is on the bottom worked against me as I tried to position everything evenly.After I turned the CPU upside down , everything was easier to access and work with . But , I still had a hard time getting the wings tight enough against the CPU that they would n't slide . When I pushed them too tightly against the CPU they began to pull away from the bottom plate . Making matters worse , the wing nuts are hard to tighten because they are metal against metal so there 's no leeway ... they just stop -LRB- some rubber washers would help -RRB- . When I finally got the caddy oriented as well as I could , and tightened , I was not sure it was tight enough to hold but I decided it was as good as it was going to get . Now that I have turned it right side up , and it 's working fine , it occurs to me that the engineer who designed it might expect gravity to help keep it in place ... in other words the weight of the CPU causes the wings to tighten a little . If that is the case , however , there should be some indication of that in the typically sparse instructions.The two star rating is because it 's unnecessarily complicated . I 've had CPU caddies before and never had this much trouble . My recommendation to Amazoners is that they try one of the others ... ***** UPDATE
 Reasons this does n't work :1 . The holder is too small in length . You have to center the CPU in it and it does n't stay centered because when you try to move the unit the CPU slides . If you have a small CPU it may be okay . . but I bet it will still slide . There is nothing ` holding ' the CPU in . Do n't be fooled by thinking it will ` clamp ' onto the CPU . It does n't and if it is done too tight ... when it slides it will scratch the CPU .2 . The CPU when moved slides out the back . Not a good thing to have your system slide out and tilt . . this may cause damage .3 . Of the 8 wingnuts that came with it only 2 actually fit completely on . The others were manufactured with defects . I guess no one tests that part of the product before shipping . I needed to purchase my own .4 . I am now looking for another one and feel I wasted -LSB- ... -RSB- on this item .
 I have a decently hefty CPU rig and I purchased this stand to get it off the floor . The stand 's concept looks pretty legitimate , but in practice with my CPU it was flimsy and was difficult to fully squeeze to fit the width of the case . I was only able to get the stand to perfectly hold my CPU with the help of another person , however , taking it back out again requires two people as well .
 The morons who designed this product decided to paint over the threads on the bolts that hold the assembly together . This makes screwing on the wingnuts by hand impossible . So I had to use a monkey wrench . And since the bolts were held loosely into place by the very same paint ... the force from twisting on the wingnuts caused the bolts to freak free from the assembly . So now I have the assembly put together but I can not tighten it to encase the computer . My hands hurt from squeezing the wrench so hard to put on the wingnuts.I think I got a returned product myself because I noticed that someone else used a wrench on my wingnuts - they were all dinged up.DO NOT BUY . THIS IS A TERRIBLE PRODUCT . I FEEL CHEATED . I WANT MY MONEY BACK . AND THE 20 MINUTES OF MY LIFE I SPENT TRYING TO ASSEMBLE THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE . IT BELONGS IN A LANDFILL . I HATE IT THAT MUCH .
 The product looks great and functions well . However , putting it together and adjusting it to fit my computer was at best awkward . One of the screws/stems was -LRB- were -RRB- defective and I had to use pliers to tighten it . Given those issues , disassembling it and adjusting it to another one of my computers at homes would be a challenge . Product could be much improved .
 This stand is quite a bit smaller than I 'd imagined , and the metal is quite thin . I was expecting something more industrial strength , given its appearance . When assembling the stand , one of the screws would not go in all the way . I forced the nut and ended up punching a hole through the metal . One of the clamps was now loose and hanging , and the stand was no longer mobile . I might as well stack the CPU on a couple of phone books . It went straight in the garbage - not worth the effort to return to Amazon .
 This product is garbage . . do not buy . . tower slides off like grease on wet surface . . terrible engineering ... the designer never used & tested his tower before manufacturing DO NOT BUY !!! GARBAGE
 Threaded posts came painted , so that wingnuts could be tightened by hand . Using pliers , was able to deal with three of the wingnuts , but an attempt to secure the fourth caused the post to break off . Did this company ever try to assemble one of these as delivered to customers ? Very annoying . Better hardware and manufacturing might make the product acceptable , but what I received is NOT ACCEPTABLE . Makes me appreciate Amazon 's return policy.Allsop Metal Art CPU Caddy -LRB- 27761 -RRB-
 The price of the paper looks great . However , the shipping costs were extremly high . The S&H were almost expensive as the rolls of paper .
 Visit www.primarygraphics.com where I found prices that include s/h to be much better .
 How do you screw up a mouse pad ? There ca n't be too many possibilities but Allsop seems to have figured it out with this one . I have never written a negative review of any product but I feel compelled to spread the word about this one.I have a Microsoft wireless optical mouse and a wooden desktop . My mouse works fine on the desk surface but I wanted an attractive mouse pad that would protect the wood finish and allow the mouse to move more smoothly . Enter the Allsop Metal Art MousePad -- aesthetically pleasing simple elegance that , according to the package , is `` ideal for optical and rollerball mice '' and features a `` specially engineered mousing surface . '' The perfect solution!Then I took it out of the package and put my mouse on it . It looks great on my desk and my mouse glides efforlessly across the pad . Only one problem
 Because it claims to be exactly what it is n't . Supposedly a superior tracking surface , for doing artwork , gaming , etc. . It would be a really great mousepad -- if it worked . Dragging a basic Logitech mouse over the surface , it would occasionally jump like mad , having become confused . This is probably due to the hard , semi-shiny surface -LRB- why it is like that I have no clue , as shiny surfaces are always bad for opticals -RRB- . I then placed the much cheaper , same brand , mousepad which I got for a friend , on top of the metal one , and voila -- smooth and no jumping at all , the kind of thing you would expect to see in the advanced pad . Trust me , you and I would NOT want to do artwork with the metal mousepad . Yea , I 'll return it either today or tomorrow ... and get something more standard that actually tracks properly . * sigh * To sum up
 Besides the size and the fact that it matches a binder I already have , one main reason I ordered this binder from Amazon was that , in the picture above and at the right , it has the black , angled end pieces to enable easier closing . When I received my binder this morning , there were no such black -LRB- or any other color -RRB- end pieces . I have been a satisfied and regular customer of Amazon 's for quite a long while , and this is the first time that I can remember that I did n't get exactly what I THOUGHT I had ordered .
 I bought this binder for long-term storage of some papers , which the product accomplishes fine . However , I would n't use it if you plan on accessing the materials in it very often . The rings in the binder are completely round . Therefore , pages near the end of the binder get `` curled '' near the edge attached to the binder . Other products have rings that are flat near the ends , which remedies the aforementioned problem and makes flipping through pages much smoother.Pros-CheapCons-Curls paper near the ends-Doesn ' t feel sturdy enough for daily use
 I like the organization of the calendar -LRB- and Amazon , show more interior pictures , please -RRB- . I liked the colors ... but the beast seemed to be about 3 lbs in weight ... way to heavy to add to laptop , blackberry , etc.They should use lighter paper , take out the phone book section -LRB- who uses that in the 21st century anyway . -RRB- I sent it back ... . too much stress on overworked shoulders already
 Although the description listed for this item by Amazon clearly states these are LINED Post-its , the item I received was the PRINTS ! -LRB- Printed Notes -RRB- per the manufacturer 's packaging/wrap . For some reason , Amazon placed their own UPC label on the back of the manufacturer 's packaging -LRB- over their UPC -RRB- that incorrectly lists the description as LINED . Until this is corrected , I imagine you will not receive the product you are trying to order . Lack of lines aside , the colors were also nothing like what was pictured . Still , I could have lived with that if they had lines ...
 I was hoping that I could stick these on my moving boxes to organize our belongings but alas , these are not sticky enough to stay on the outside of the box so I 'm having to tape them on with packing tape . If you were just using these on paper , they would be fine .
 I love the idea of this product , and I loved working with it . I created a great layout that looked fabulous on screen . But unless you have an Epson printer , it is very difficult to print out a great copy . My hp deskjet could not handle the supplied photo paper , so a friend printed on his Lexmark for me . It worked better , but still had a few problems . More paper should be included in the package in case of printing problems because after several printing problems , we ran out of paper and I could not find the same photo paper in any store ; I ended up buying a second package just to get more of the same paper.Next time , I will make a book using the ofoto site -- much more professional looking -LRB- 2-sided -RRB- and just as cheap .
 I have been using this with my G5 for about a month now . Up 'til now I have loved it for CS : S . But now the speed side is getting worn and there is a lot of friction with it and the mouse skates . I held it up to a light and I can see that the top layer is wearing away . I would n't recommend this for a gamer that plays a lot , it will wear out after a month or two .
 Owned for about a month now , not sure if I 'd buy another one . It 's basically an aluminum plate with two different mousing surfaces on each side , as well as 4 rubber non-skid pads -LRB- one in each corner per side -RRB- . The Exact Mat side , which I prefer , is a semi-glossy black polymer surface . It feels a little bumpy at first but my Habu mouse glides smoothly and precisely on it.The Speed Mat side is almost like a flat-black matte spray-painted surface . It sounds and feels a bit more scratchy than the other side , and also shows finger oil any time a greasy hand touches it.Can ' t say that I really notice a difference of speed/precision using either side , both seem to control as well and the same . Probably more of a personal preference and you probably wo n't find yourself flipping this over much.My biggest complaint is its shape and size . It 's overly big , and its odd shape does n't seem to serve any purpose other than to annoy . To butt it up against my keyboard and allow my wrist to sit comfortably on it , it 's turned -LRB- logo -RRB- upside down . It looks silly in any position with the corners stretched out , but having upside down it looks like it has horns on the top.I give it 2 stars simply because the Exact control side is a great mouse surface for any mouse with Teflon pads on the bottom . On the flip side , the shape/size makes it a pain to fit on your desk , and you 'll probably only use one side of the mouse pad once you 've found your favorite .
 Before buying it , know that this mousepad does n't work with Laser mice . And that it will severely cripple the range of a Wireless mouse.Otherwise , the shape is cool and it feels solid .
 This product used to be called `` Brights '' and was manufactured in the US with higher quality paper . I really liked the product until I purchased their current version called `` Five Star ''
 Recently , I bought a 3-count of large packaging tape rolls , and found that they were n't nearly as sticky as necessary to hold cardboard boxes together -- the tape would have to be re-pressed down onto the box , and even then , I did n't have confidence that it would stay in place . For further illustration of this poor quality , picture this ... you can peel the tape of the roll , re-stick it to itself , and again peel it away with no problem -LRB- usually this would result in a tangle of tape , that would have to be thrown away . -RRB- I 'm hugely disappointed in these , as I paid the higher price , and choose the ` Scotch ' brand over the generic variety , purely for the trusted brand quality . I 've since gone back , and had to purchase a different brand of packaging tape , so that I could have confidence my packages would actually stay shut . Please do n't label this quality of tape as ` Packaging Tape ' when clearly , it 's about as strong as simple desk-top tape , and not at all durable enough for packages . A true disappointment to see , and a waste of money .
 I do n't know who all these people are posting 5-star reviews of tape -LRB- who would be motivated enough by their packaging experience to do that ? -RRB- , but I suspect they are sock-puppets for Scotch . Now , it 's possible that I got defective tape , but I bought several rolls and had to throw them all out . The tape would not stick to cardboard , period . After trying to tape a box for shipping , I could pull all of the tape off without damaging the cardboard in the least . It is basically just plastic strip that is * very * mildly tacky . I could run it between my fingers with very little friction at all . Certainly this is not suitable for packaging anything . I guess maybe you could use it for masking , as it would pull away from the wall very easily without damaging , but would also allow paint to leak under the tape , as it does not adhere to any surface .
 This NOT tape . I had a four roll package in the office supply cabinet and when I went to use it this morning ... I ended up with streamers instead ... I unrolled it all to see if it was just a bad section , and no ... it is just all bad ! My sticky-note pad will stick much better than this so called `` tape '' . Scotch ... really ? I am highly disappointed !
 The review is kind of a mix . This deal comes with 6 rolls of tapes but 3 out of 6 not sticking at all . Ca n't even stick to a piece of copy paper .
 Wow , I 'm shocked I 've had to come and write a review of such an obviously simple product . I mean , it 's tape . But like other reviewers after a few months there was literally no stickiness left , not to cardboard , my hand , or anything . Very strange . Worse yet I bought 6 rolls , only used 1 , and the rest are in the trash . Who knew this stuff had a shelf life .
 Bought 8 packages when it was on sale for my stocking room . I just opened the box after 3 months , but the tape is non-sticky at all . Tested two rolls , same bad quality . I need to pay the shipping myself for this heavy big package , even do n't know it is refundable since the order is already expire .
 I bought a multi pack -LRB- I ca n't remember if it was a 2 or 3 pack -RRB- of Scotch packaging tape , and when I first bought it , it worked great . In fact I used 2/3 of a roll with no problems whatsoever . When the holidays came along , I stopped selling online for a couple of months . I put the tape in a drawer , inside the house , no excessive humidity or extreme temperatures , and it sat for a month or two . When I went to use it again , it would not stick to anything ! It was like the adhesive had turned into slightly less tacky than a post-it note . Obviously , this does not work for packing . I threw away the 1/3 of the roll I had left and went to another brand new roll from the pack , and it was the same story . . No tackiness on the tape . I pulled several feet out , but it appears the entire roll is shot . I scrounged around my drawers and found an almost empty roll of Duck brand packing tape that was several years older than the scotch tape . It was stored in the same room , and it stuck just as strongly as the day I bought it years ago ! So , I know that the problem is in the Scotch tape.I figure if anything the humidity has been pretty dry in the last month or so . I am guessing maybe the adhesive on the tape dried out and is no longer tacky . Also , on a side note , the roll is proudly stamped `` Made in U.S.A. '' I would expect that this would be an embarrassment to 3M , which I have always considered to be an industry leader in adhesives and adhesive tapes . I am guessing at least one defective batch of this tape got released , and it is not always obvious that the tape is defective upon purchase -LRB- mine worked fine for several months -RRB- . I have also seen numerous other reports from other users with the same complaint . I know every company will occasionally make mistakes , but I think if I do n't hear an explanation from 3M acknowledging the problem and how it has been corrected , then I will be sticking with other brands of tape from now on .
 The item sent was not the item I ordered , so it has not been used .
 This product can put a dent in your wood . I prefer the hinge pin that goes in to the hole of the hinge .
 Not sure how rubber bands can be ` ergonomically correct ' , but I have n't had any CTS from using them.However , BIG PROBLEM !!!! After applying a rubber band to an item , say a computer cable or power cable or speaker cable , after a month or so the rubber band falls completely apart ! Like it disintegrates and just goes to pieces.This is bad . My cables are coming undone and havok is being wreaked.These rubber bands have some kind of planned obsolescence or something that makes them self-destruct after only a month or so of use.I protest , and I protest mightily.The end .
 For nearly triple the price of a translucent green , cheap store stapler I bought in 1998 , I expected this stapler to offer me minimal effort to punch through at least 15 pages , and also securely fasten at the end . I was deeply disappointed.Firstly , the picture is not an accurate representation of the color of this stapler , it 's more fuchsia/purple than it is deep purple.Next , using regular office staples , the stapler got a jam -- gathering 2-3 staples at a time -- every 10 or so staple punches I did , so I had to open it each time and remove the jam.The final factor was that the effort to punch staples was almost double that of a regular stapler ! You also can not stand it up on its edge , which is a natural way to pick up staplers nowadays . It also does not have the ability to staple with the bottom lip down , so that you can punch onto a bulletin board , for example.Buy a different brand is my recommendation .
 I did not purchase through Amazon but since I buy most of my products here I thought I 'd try to save someone from making the same mistake I made.Like most staplers , this one jammed often and then just stopped working . Unfortunatley , it was within the first 10 staples . I returned the product and the replacement is doing the same thing.I believe the spring design that holds the staples into place is flawed and therefore creates the problem . When you load the staples in and push the assembly closed , it locks into place but unlocks when you fold the stapler back over to use it . There is a big plastic casing that prevents you from keeping this locked for `` stapler mode '' so the product is rendered useless , unless you need a $ 20 paperweight and then it would probably work great.This company probably makes other great products but this one needs a little work .
 YOU WOULD THINK FOR THE PRICE IT WOULD LAST . I USED IT ALMOST EVERYDAY FOR THE LAST 1-1/2 YEARS AND IT JUST STOPPED WORKING . I AM TRYING TO GET MY MONEY BACK , BUT I WILL NOT BUY THIS ONE AGAIN !!!!!
 Been taught that if you cant say something good , say nothing . OK , one word , JUNK .
 The PaperPro Prodigy Stapler -LRB- 118 -RRB- 's patented staple driving mechanism , that will drive a standard staple through up to 25 sheets of paper with one finger , was amazing to use , but quit working after 3/4 of a strip of staples . This was not a simple staple jam -- the internal mechanism broke!I never thought a person could get so excited about a stapler . The reviews sold it , and using it at home , stapling slicky sales papers for a bird , sealed my opinion.I was impressed with how easy it stapled . But now I 'm faced with the hassle of returning it . Bummer .
 I was pleased with this stapler for two days , when it suddenly no longer worked . I looked through the manual looking for troubleshooting ideas . Gave up and returned it .
 I have owned one other stapler of this type , meaning it is supposed to be effortless to engage the stapling action , and it should work with bulk stacks of paper . In this case , I believe the description claims up to 25 sheets of paper . My test was 16 sheets.The other one I have , from a different brand , works more like an electric stapler in that it folds the staple prongs flat at the end of the action . This stapler has the common metal plate with two curved grooves that curl the staple inward at the end of the stapling action . The problem with this is that when you use the stapler for its intended purpose of fastening large stacks , the staple can only curl part way . Right away , on my first large stack , I got scratched by the exposed staple point that could n't fully curl in , and determined that it would likely scratch my desk and other things as well.That was enough reason to return the product , which I did , but it also took more effort than it should 've to engage the stapling action . In my opinion , spend the extra ten dollars on another brand or design that functions better .
 i got this pen $ $ just 3 months ago and the black part of the pen is already peeling off , now it looks horrible !!
 Very disappointed in this marker . I got a pack of 12 of them to label plastic bags and toys and keep in several areas of our home and office . It did a poor job , skipping or not writing at all . What did write on plastic toys , rubbed right off 1 hour later . I guess I 'll go back to Sharpie .
 all i got was 2 markers , not what I ordered , it says you get 12 , but I did n't . Do n't Buy
 I ordered the erasers to fit my .9 mm Cross mechanical pencil . They did not fit . That pencil requires a .6 mm eraser which does n't seem to be available except at great expense . I thought the .5 mm might do the job , but they do n't . I may try cutting my own from large hand held erasers if I can find a tool to cut them with .
 I started to order these erasers which , I am sure , are highest quality . The order was combined with my order of a Cross 0.5 MM pencil . The checkout added a $ 4.99 shipping charge . Cancelled .
 I have a 9mm Cross pencil and these are too narrow to fit . I have found some Bic 9mm pencils -LRB- plastic semi-disposable kind -RRB- and their eraser refills fit my Cross 9mm .
 The erasers are too small in diameter to fit a standard cross pen . Also , if they did fit , the erasers are very short and would wear out quickly . An inferior product .
 Too small . See my image . It 's unusable because it would fall out or at best move around in the tube too much to be useful while tring to erase something .
 These erasers were for my 30 year old Cross pencil since I ca n't find them locally . They did n't fit my pencil althought they are listed as the correct size because they are not thick enough to stay in the pencil . I took another reviewer 's advice and purchased Clic eraser refills to cut to length for my pencil .
 This works and do n't work . There are times when you will find yourself getting frustrated trying to get the jammed list open .
 I give this 2 stars instead of 1 because the inside design is great , but on the other hand , it does NOT lock shut . I find it stupid that when this item first arrived , the key was locked in the box . It locked and unlocked a few times , now it just closes and you can lift open at any time . I wanted it to lock , but I am keeping it just because I need a good money organizer .
 This product is not as sturdy as the description leads you to believe and can be bent easily if pressed down . The lock seems to be `` heavy '' construction , but if you can bend the box easily it 's a little pointless .
 This is the first item I ever returned to Amazon . The box is n't very sturdy , the locking mechanism is poor quality -LRB- there 's a little metal clasp that rotates upward to keep your box `` secure '' -RRB- . The key we had kept jamming , and it was hard to keep the lid shut . If you need a box just to keep your cash in , but you do n't need it to be secure , this box is right for you.If you 're looking for something sturdy to take to conventions or some other public sales event , look elsewhere .
 I purchased two units cash till and they were both received in poor working condition.The locks appeared to be faulty and or rusty and both of them had to be put away and never used .
 This is a very basic and flimsy cash box . The only good thing I have to say about it is that the spring mechanisms that hold the bills in the top cover have not broken yet -LRB- I 've had this box about a week now -RRB- . The locking mechanism broke after the third or fourth time I locked/unlocked it with the key . Therefore , the lid does not stay closed and I have to wrap a bungie cord around it so I can carry it by the handle . I will probably return this item if I ca n't get the lock to work .
 Not worth the money . very cheap construction . locking mechanism a joke . Keys are soo thin they can twist and bend in your pocket . Can pry box open easily . No protection . Worthless .
 I was n't very satisfied with this product . It 's very flimsy , and arrived bent straight out of the box and would n't close or lock properly . I worked with it a bit and finally got it to where it would close and the clasp-lock would at least function . I think the problem is that the sheetmetal is just too thin , maybe two or three times thicker than an aluminum soda can . Any time I drop something on it , it dents very easily , even though the object striking it was not heavy -LRB- like my hairbrush , for example -RRB- . It serves the purpose I needed it for , but for the price I wish it were more strongly constructed . I anticipate having to replace it in another 3-4 months , and I will definitely go with something sturdier . Caveat emptor .
 This is not very durable , the lock is easily broken . I would not recommend this product . You get what you pay for and this was a waste of money .
 I have had this lock box for two years now . One of the first things I did when I got it was to try to attempt to break into it without using the keys . I was able to , easily ! That is not good at all when you use one of these to store important items and documents . It has held up over time but it is only really good if you want to keep stuff out of sight/away from children . I would not re-purchase this item . I would spend a little more money to get something that is n't as easy to break in to .
 This is a very aesthetically pleasing lockbox but if you 're actually trying to keep your money and valuables safe from being stolen then it is not worth the money . It is very easy to break into all you need is a butter knife and the lock pops right off . So save your money and invest in something that will actually keep your items Safe !
 The folders are what I wanted except they sent white which is not what is described or what I wanted
 AFTER ABOUT AN HOUR ON THE PHONE WITH HANNA INSTRUMENTS , I WAS FINALLY ABLE TO DETERMINE THAT THIS MODEL IS NOT SENSITIVE ENOUGH TO BE ABLE TO USE FOR DETERMINING THE SALINITY OF A KOI POND . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS IF YOU NEED IT FOR THAT PURPOSE !
 Product arrived on time but did n't work . Had a good price but on exchange Amazon 's vendors changed and the price went up a lot . Almost like a bait and switch . Would have been a great addition to the house if it worked or was replaced .
 I was very excited when I found this item as I work with over sized papers so the 18 '' size was very attractive . Low and behold however , you can not trim to anything larger than 9 '' as there is no swing out arm that extends beyond the 9 '' platform . The paper holder also does not lift and the finger guard is 2 '' so there is no way to cut anything smaller than 2.5 `` It is interesting to note that the 12 '' PERSONAL model has a swing out arm that extends the measuring and thus cutting size to 18 '' -- but none of the PROFESSIONAL models do . I tried to give Carl feedbak on this but the email address they provide is invalid.The Fiskars is a much better deal for the money !
 The performance of this printer is below par . All the claims that this is a very good printer are really **** . Installing this printer was a big chore as it DID NOT come with any printer drivers or software CDs . I had to spend time searching and downloading printer drivers to PC . Even after downloading the software it took a lot of pain and time to get everything to work.I have had problems with this printer from day one . The copies made are too light - I have to crank the contrast all the way up to get a good readable copy , the ADF scanner glass is a bit clouded , the paper tray was very badly scratched and the face plate of the printer is of a diffrenet model which is infact not even pasted properly on the printer . It was already coming off when the printer reached me . The printer uses too much power so-much-so that when it starts to print the lights of the whole house dim!It is supposed to be a network-printer . I have attached my PC with this MFC through a network hub -LRB- the USB cable to connect to the PC did not come with the machine ! -RRB- . It took 3 hours to get the MFC to talk to the PC even after I tried to connect the PC directly to MFC without any hub.Although it works for now , but if it is not in use for a few hours it aparently goes in somekind of a ` sleep ' mode and in such a condition if I try to print to it , it just sits there without doing anything . I have to physically turn the MFC off and turn it back on to get it to work.The scanning quality of the machine is very very poor and it does not produce good resolution scans.Lately it has also started making a strange noise while printing . Whenever I print , it makes a noise like that of a horse golloping accross . I have even tried using different kind of paper without any encouraging results.The ` world renound ' service of brother is so good that even after repeated attempts they refuse to acknowledge any problems with the printer . They even refused to provide me with a software CD for the printer ! After numerous calls , I was asked to contact Amazon.com for returns and/or exchanges on the product.Now I understand why someone returned this machine and why Brother 's coustomer Service is world renound.This MFC is not at all worth throwing your hard earned money at .
 I do take very good care of my personal possesions , so for the handle to break on this after two days of going back and forth to my office I was very dissatisfied . It is cheaply made . Not worth buying .
 I received my binder in two days . It was packed very well and was just what I expected . I think the quality is good . I used to use the Daytimer brand many years ago , it was the standard for the company I worked for.If you are looking for a well made full size binder with room for everything this is a good choice . It is n't slim but you can minimize the bulk by rotating 3 months of your planner at a time . I use the two day planner sets . You can also add full letter size documents if you use a standard hole puncher . It also has a nice expanding pouch for letter size documents inside the front cover.Well worth the price from what I 've seen in the stores . I have a smaller franklin planner and this compares nicely.Update
 This attache organizer is so big you might as well get an actual shoulder bag to put everything in . It 's unnecessarily padded which adds to the bulk .
 Pros :1 . It 's cheap and looks good.Cons :1 . The handles started tearing out after only 2 weeks of use .2 . The dividers are made of such poor paper quality that half tore free the first time they were touched .3 . The rings inside do n't line up properly and each time the portfolio is opened the paper pages tear free .4 . The picture makes it look like there are two zippers -LRB- preffered -RRB- but there is only one -LRB- bad idea -RRB- .5 . The included calendar has no numbers , dates or holidays shown . It 's a `` fill in the blanks yourself '' kind of calendar .6 . The filler paper that comes with the portfolio is unuseable . It has the toughness of toilet paper and you will have to buy a replacement.I got this Day Timer for Christmas and started using it in early May . It 's now June 1st and I am looking for a replacement . Almost all of Day Timers stuff has gone from great to terrible . Too bad .
 It wrote just a few words before to stop working . That 's all . This is the 2nd time this happens , the prevous time I though it was a particular case , you know , things happen ... but twice ?
 Paper is a good grade for the price , but it has three holes on the right side for notebooks . I use this paper for copying articles from the computer , but I would not recommend paper with holes for business letter writing .
 Before I purchased this , I read all the reviews and compared the different machines . That method usually works for me , but not this time.The quarters continually jammed in the exit slot which required the machine to be turned off and completely emptied . When you power off the unit , any coins still in the sleeves are no longer considered as dispensed . That means the machine treats the coin sleeves as empty . It will keep dropping that coin until it has dispensed the amount needed to fill an empty coin sleeve . If you do not empty the partial sleeves it will keep dropping change like a slot machine.It also kept dropping pennies into the nickel sleeve . After emptying each nickel roll , I found at least two pennies in each . It over filled the pennies.As with anything mechanical , I expected an occasional jam . However , this was constant . Plus , the need to check each roll after it was filled doubled the work . I do not recommend this unit at all .
 Less than 1 years old and it is useless . Motor no longer turns . I thought Royal Sovereign was a good name . Made in China .
 I ordered this for my nephew in another state . In the description , it reads as 5 reams per carton . He was shipped ONE ream . I called , had Amazon reship -LRB- after confirming with the rep that it should be a full carton -RRB- and they agreed to ship 2 day.They did n't go 2 day ship ; it went out through CEVA , and on the second shipment , he received ... ONE ream . I wo n't order another Weyehaeuser product from here . This cost my sister money for gas -LRB- driving to return the packages -RRB- and I had to Western Union the money to my nephew , costing me money.Amazon simply said `` sorry , ca n't help ya '' . They did n't even offer a discount on my next order , or a percentage off the rest of the order . I am so disappointed in the product and the way it was handled .
 Be very careful when ordering this product . The title of the item includes -LRB- 10 Reams-Carton -RRB- , however this is only 1 ream of paper . Customer service was not helpful in returning . Cavaet Emptor !
 I was disappointed when the order was delivered and the two cases that I had ordered were actually a total of 10 reams of paper in two boxes . I went back to review the online listing and could not find in the Product Description where it indicated the number of reams per box .
 I received this item only to discover the company had sent me a package of paper that was the wrong size , color , and brand . I called in to report this , and was told that the listing on amazon is a mistake and they do not actually have this item in stock , nor will they ever have this item in stock . This caused me to be late on a project costing me several hundred dollars . The customer service experience was miserable , with no sympathy , and when I asked to be transferred to a manager I was sent to a voice mail . No manager ever called me back . I was finally able to get a call back and get an adequate refund , but it no where near covers the financial loss I had from this company 's mistake . DO NOT EVER ORDER FROM THEM >
 This paper is rather cheap paper . It is only a 20lb paper so it is very thin -LRB- good paper is 24lbs -RRB- . The lower the weight , the thinner the paper and the more likely it is to jam up in your machine.Also , this paper is only 30 % recycled content . Anything below 50 % is a waste because it takes more energy to process and recycle the paper as it saves . Then mix that with new paper from freshly killed trees and you are just as bad as regular paper.If you are looking for good eco-friendly paper there is a paper made from sugar cane stalks . It is called CaneFields paper and it is really high quality . They do n't sell it on Amazon anymore but you can write Canfields USA and find a local store.If you have to have wood pulp paper Mohawk makes a GREAT paper that they sell here on AmazonMohawk 100 % Recycled Color Copy/Laser Paper , 96 Brightness , 28 lb , Letter Size -LRB- 8.5 x 11 -RRB- , 500 Sheets -LRB- 54-301 -RRB-
 I am going to keep the product because it 's too much of a hassle to return it , but I got the wrong item . I did not get Hammermill Great White Recycled , I got Hammermill Great White Copy which is 30 % PCW . The box came opened on one side , and on that side , all the reams were opened . The paper was not damaged , but it 's ugly and not what I would have wanted . I guess I wo n't order from this vendor in the future.I love Hammermill paper because it does n't jam my printer , but I guess in the future I will have to walk into a physical store to make sure it is not damaged .
 I thought I was buying 100 % recycled paper but this was only 30 % recylced . The description should be more detailed and accurate .
 Yu only get 1 pack ... . even though you see the box ... . you only get one pack ... . this description is so non specific ... aaarrgghhh ... . would have sent it back ... but my mother needed it . .
 I got this ream of paper , but the package is broken , a corner of the ream was squeezed and distorted , nearly all papers ' corners are distorted . How ever the quality of the paper is good , smooth and heavy . But I hate the delivery .
 Product was in poor condition when received !! Paper packets were OPENED on one end . Some of the papers edges were dirty from the packaging being opended and handled . No i dont mean the outer packaging . I mean the paper packet itself ! Both were open , wrinkled , dirty . The paper is useable but I had to over look the dirty marks on the edge .
 I received the box and opened it to find all of the packaging of each ripped and opened . Very disappointing and unprofessional .
 DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH INDUSTRY CITY FINE PAPERS , a/k/a LIMITED PAPERS : FRAUD , FALSE ADVERTISING AND THEFT ... I have a copy of the exact ad , and the photo of the ten reams , along with the page and prices . -LRB- they have since removed their name and price from this ad -RRB- I HAVE reported this to Amazon , and still waiting for a reply ... Bottom Line
 Paper said it was photo white but is actually a more dull white . It is just a hair heavier than regular paper but is not close to being card stock . I was very disappointed with the shine of the paper .
 I purchased this item 5 days ago and they did n't ship it YET !! So slow . It 's not good customer service at all .
 I thought that there were few electronic dictionaries on the market for an american learning russian , but figured this product would suffice . Unfortunetly , almost all of the word I did n't know and needed to look up were not in the dictionary , it makes beeping noises that you ca n't turn off , it offers no russian verb conjugation -LRB- or recognition of conjugated verbs -RRB- , and only talks in english . i would advice students learning russian to buy something else .
 RECEIVED IT.Great amount of paper for the price.I think I have n't had to buy more in quite literally ages .
 I ordered paper for our company , using all HP Printers ; from a Laserjet P2015d to a OfficeJet Pro 8500 and a few in between . I print 150 pages first thing every morning and the first thing I noticed was my Laserjet started acting strange . I kept getting an error light coming up and would have to restart the printer , it would print 2 pages , and the same error . 150 pages now takes about 20 minutes to print ! Very annoying ! Well after looking up the error online I found it was the error that was saying the printer was having a hard time getting paper ! WHY ? HP Paper + HP Printer should be no problem I would think . Anyway so I almost bought another printer , called up the admin to ask about getting one and was told they were having problems too , with the paper I had recently given them . Turns out I had given a ream of paper to them because I had one extra ream laying around ! He said their printers -LRB- same as mine -RRB- kept getting errors and would pick up 2 sheets at times also . He suggested I try different paper in the printer before getting a new printer!Not sure exactly why the paper does this but I am never buying this paper again except maybe to use in the bathroom !
 Typically , when print paper is ordered , it comes in reams . That was to be expected . However , this paper came loose in the box as if it had been dumped into the box . Many of the pages were ruined and unusable , some with finger prints on them . Many were filthy dirty . I would have liked to have known that it was going to come like this because I certainly would n't have ordered it . I sent you people an email probably weeks ago . This is the first I 've heard from you . I do n't intend to ever order any print paper from you again . Thank you .
 When we bought this paper we were under the impression that it was equivalent to a 10 ream box of paper just without the packaging around each ream . For that it was a great price . However when we recieved the box we found out it 's only equivalent to 5 reams of paper . Wish that the listing was more clear , especially the picture , because its very expensive for the amount of lower quality paper .
 I ordered two cases of paper , and was charged for two cases of paper . However , I only received one case . When I looked at the package tracking , it indicated that one case was damaged and was not shipped . Why was I not informed of this directly ? And WHY was I charged for two cases when I only received one ? Please respond immediately .
 Turns out that shipping 26 lbs of paper in a thin cardboard box is somewhat problamatic . Ours arrived with the top busted off and the box taped back together by the shipping company . I assume this happened because the box was being handled individually and tossed from station to station by the shipping personnel and equipment . 26lbs of paper has a lot of momentum and that is a pretty thin cardboard box . So the top split open and spilled the contents . That box was meant to be shipped on a pallet not individually . The top 10-15 % of paper was all dishuffled and wrinkled . We kept the box as I did n't want to hassle with returning it but I think I 'll go back to picking up a case at the local Office -LSB- Depot/Max -RSB- . The cost is about the same and I will get the paper intact .
 I 've ordered hundreds of items from Amazon over the years and have come to depend on their packaging to protect my items -- I 've been very satisfied until I ordered this HP Office paper Quickpack . They just slapped a label and an invoice on the book and shipped it . The cardboard is thin -LRB- THIS IS NOT A SHIPPING BOX !! -RRB- and inside this thin layer of cardboard is just one big stack of 2500 individual sheets -- not a collection of wrapped 500 sheet reams.I see from other reviews that I am not the only one to have had this problem . Personally I submitted a packaging review along with photos -- I hope that others will do the same.I do not know how they decide on type of packaging , but I think that unless a box is clearly a shipping box - which this one clearly is not designed to be , it should be protected inside a proper shipping box . AMAZON -- you `` dropped the ball '' on this one.HP Office Quickpack Paper , 92 Brightness , 8.5 x 11 Inches , 2500 Sheets -LRB- 11210-3 -RRB-
 The easy to open box without internal wrappers seems like a great idea except Amazon ships the box without an outer-box , so the box that you are stuck with is covered in grime and dirt when it arrives . If Amazon would ship the box within another box to protect it from damage and dirt , this product would be a great idea . Now I am stuck with a 2500 sheet box of paper that is dented , torn , dusty , and partially covered in an unknown sticky black residue .
 Look closely before buying . This is not a full case . It is a half case . A full case elsewhere will cost about $ 36 . Two of these would cost $ 48 .
 This paper is shipped in a flimsy cardboard box , and it 's not separated into wrapped reams . Because the paper was n't packed properly , literally hundreds of sheets are creased , folded , torn , or otherwise damaged . About 10 % of the sheets are wasted , and using the paper in my printer has led to numerous paper jams . Do not buy this product .
 The paper quality is very poor - extremely thin , not your typical paper.Also the price is actually quite expensive.The Xerox 4200 is $ 31.07 for 5000 pages -LRB- versus $ 20 dollars for 2500 -RRB- In summation , low quality AND expensive price .
 When you look at the picture it looks like you 're getting a case of paper . When it arrives it 's a small box - about 1/2 as big as you think it would be . Inside is all loose paper - not wrapped in reams . The paper is perfectly fine , but I feel a bit ripped-off thinking I was getting a really good price on a case of office paper when I really got a bad deal on 1/2 a case of office paper .
 The paper is packed and shipped in one box . The is n't enough padding to protect the paper from getting damaged when being shipped . Almost half of the sheets were folded and bent and unusable . I 'm very disappointed and will not order this again .
 Who knew you had to read reviews for paper ? I was quite surprised when I opened the box to find that the paper was stacked higher than the box bottom leaving all of the top sheets to become crushed . The bottom sheets also must be removed carefully so as not to wrinkle the sides as you use up the paper because the bottom is too big also . They really should title this `` first draft '' paper or something like that . No one wants to receive crumpled up letters . Even worse , this was only a $ 1 or $ 2 cheaper than 5 reams at my paper store . Shame on you HP .
 The packaging is so bad that the box arrived torn apart and a good pile of paper was all wrinkled . I did not even want to bother to return this item but will never order it again
 I didnt think I had to read the reviews for PAPER !!!! Flimsy packaging is still a problem , Did n't have to open package , it was open on R/S , with a wrinkled corner on L/S , which caused the loss of a few hundred sheets , but I needed to use the paper as I was out , and had a project underway . This was a problem 18 months ago , and should have been corrected ! I am agood amazon customer , and would think they would have their vendors responding to packaging problems . It is too much trouble to return , as I need paper NOW !! This is NOT a delivery company problem , this is a vendor packaging problem that needs to be corrected , but , has n't been for 18 months .
 Arrived completely broken . The box was ripped in half and half the sheets had black marks all over them . The paper is very low quality and definitely not worth what is being charged . I have ordered well over 100 items from Amazon and this is very disappointing . DO NOT GET THIS PAPER !
 The paper might be okay , but its hard to tell when it looks like the paper was dropped on the floor , then shoved into a flimsy cardboard box . The price is reasonable , but Office Depot does n't pre-wrinkle their paper , so I think I 'll go back to buying locally .
 We ordered this paper for our office and it arrived in two shipments ; one was fine and the other was thrown in a larger carton with no packing at all . The paper was a mangled mess and unusable . We had to throw it out and just can not understand how anyone could ship paper like this .
 It looks like Amazon literally threw some sheets of paper in a box and sent it over . They are not neatly stacked together and most sheets have bent corners . Only good for scrap paper at this point . I am sending it back and will buy a box at the local store .
 It is nice to find inexpensive A4 size paper . The quality is mediocre . I buy A4 size to submit printed documents and manuscripts internationally . The low quality of this paper may not give a good impression.This is normal cheap bulk office paper in A4 size .
 I ordered some paper 81/2 x 11 and got 18/1 / 2 by 11 and two 11 x 14 . I can not believe it is that difficult to match paper size . Very disappointed and dont have the time to return this . If I am given two reams of 8.5 x 11 I will be fine but will no longer order paper from this outlet .
 I ordered this blindly thinking the top rated/selling paper would be your standard 8.5 x11 size ... WRONG . The paper is longer than 11 &#34; meaning I get to trim each thing I print . I truly have n't seen a paper this size before and will not be purchasing this again .
 I received the packet and it is of the poorest quality . I ordered it for printing my offical documents and keeping for long term . This is a waste of money . i did not use even a single paper our of the ream . Paper is too thin . Also the picture of item displayed on amazon does not match with the item shipped . I would never recommend it to anyone for any kind of use .
 It 's a first time in my life I received a pack of used paper . It arrived faster than expected and is an okay a4 paper . I wish it was new though . I paid about ten backs for a pack of paper that arrived torn completely open and some paper was jammed . It was completely clear it is not a shipping or packing problem .
 Just the basic quality . Would not recommend it on your laser printer . Got stuck all the time and it was a nightmare . Stick to buying good quality paper for all your requirements .
 I had hoped to find a pencil built more like the triangle grippers . This pencil is bulky and the `` edges '' are too rounded to really force the proper grip and provide the ergo comfort for my 6-year-old 's hand to keep it relaxed enough for a worksheet 's worth of writing . They came unsharpened , so I had to sharpen one to test it on her . I 'll see if Amazon will accept it as a return because I do n't want to be stuck with 36 of these . My advice is to start with a smaller quantity before you leap .
 This is not what I got in the mail . I will be sending them back . I was expecting and wanting tri-write triangle pencils and I got regular round pencils . : -LRB-
 The A. T. Cross company has pulled a switcheroo . Without telling anyone , they have dropped the .5 mm lead pencil and are substituting the .7 mm pencil under the same model number . That 's why I returned my pencil for credit . Amazon should remove the item from sale .
 although the seller willer will refund the sale price , purchase of cross pens from a seller can be a wild ride . jg
 I just received my acadamie tracing pad , and despite it being well packaged , the sheets are crumbled and deeply , deeply wrinkled . I realize that tracing paper sometimes has a bit of wrinkle , but this is virtually unusable . I do n't know if the issue is the manufacturer or the reseller , but if zero stars was an option that 's what I 'd give . Total waste of time and money -LRB- thankfully it was n't a lot of money . -RRB-
 Large to me means demonstration size , over 10 inches . This particular product is NOT large ; it its standard size .
 This phone sucks , do n't buy it.I have static ALL THE TIME and sometimes an echo . No mute button , no Flash button , screen is curved to be `` cool '' but its just annoying and hard to read sometimes . They should have just made the actual phone a better quality instead of adding stupid features geared toward teens like interchangable face plates and multible ring tones etc. . This is phone is ok if you want a toy , not if you need a decent cordless telephone .
 While the price is hard to beat , this phone becomes dysfunctional should you try to store numbers longer than 10 digits . Yes , ATT will tell you that storing large numbers is possible . Here 's what they dont tell you : ` the Directory `` hangs '' on every , single entry in your phonebook that includes a calling card number , 10-10 dial around number , etc. . This means that if you had 10 numbers stored in this phone , it could take as much as 10 minutes to reach the final number , because the program `` hangs '' for at least 45 secs on each number as you try to toggle through the list.This made the phone basically useless for us , as we do alot of international calling , with a dial-around prefix .
 after minimum use touchpad failed ... i use back of a pencil to dial thus putting 5 pounds of pressure to dial keys 3 , 6 , 9
 Handset and touch tone dialing work well . Speakerphone does not function consistently , Caller ID name removal is tedious and repetitive . ATT Customer Service website and 800 number do not provide support nor answers to questions . Phone manual is very limited and does not provide thorough troubleshooting answers .
 I am here after much less than a year buying a new phone because this one shorts out and affects the ability of any phone in the house to get a dial tone ! Today it shorted out IN THE MIDDLE OF A PHONE CALL and so it is going in the trash . BEWARE !!
 This phone works as claimed , but has rough edges that left me unimpressed . The speakerphone -LRB- even with Mute on -RRB- has minor dropouts , seemingly at loud points , as if the amplifier circuit is underpowered . The handset also has dropouts , at random points -LRB- even during silence -RRB- - these are minor and wo n't interfere with conversation , but are annoying . The signal on the headset is also very noisy ; for comparison an older Sony 900 MHz DSS phone has much less noise and equal clarity . This phone works fairly well with the Plantronics M175 headset , though mic sensitivity could be better . Speakerphone sensitivity also could be better .
 Although unrated by Consumer Reports , the other Uniden products were highly appraised . So I was very discouraged and disappointed by its performance.My sense is that the `` cordless '' aspect of the phone -LRB- 900 MHz DSS -RRB- works quite well.It is everything else about the phone that stinks ! 1 -RRB- The acoustics on the phone are awful . The speaker sounds awful , and the microphone is incredibly tinny . I would expect better performance from a $ ... phone . Also , the location of the mic -LRB- microphone -RRB- is quite poor . When friends & relatives call , they all comment on how poor we sound -LRB- using the Uniden 3965 -RRB- .2 -RRB- There is a huge time delay when picking up the phone before the phone becomes active . We will be saying `` Hello Hello '' , while the caller ca n't hear us . Once or twice , the caller has inadvertently hung up .3 -RRB- Lots of other small anoyances . For example , it has the num pad on the base unit -LRB- nice for using using voice-mail -RRB- . However , if one selects this key pad , then all audio goes through the base unit and not the head set . Pretty poorly designed!I would have returned this to Amazon if I had not exceeded the 30 day limit -LRB- I had procastinated setting it up -RRB- . My loss !
 The good part was the excellent performance and the bad part is the handsetceased to function . Presently , I am looking for a replacement .
 I have owned Lamy fountain pens for a number of years and use a refillable cartridge with Lamy ink . I have purchased bottles of Lamy ink in other colors and they work brilliantly . This is in a Lamy bottle but I question it 's authenticity - the ink is watery and a very pale pink on the page . Very disappointing .
 I expect fountain pen ink to be opaque and to stand out well on the page . This ink does not satisfy these expectations . The ink is thin and watery ; in fact in the bottle the ink appears transparent . It does not stand out well on the paper and has more of an orange hue than I would expect for a red ink . I 'm going to stick with Noodlers for my fountain pen inks .
 This ink is not what you would expect from a red ink . Although the Lamy green ink is an acceptable shade of green -LRB- though I still think it is a little too light -RRB- this shade of red is almost pink/orange . Half the time i 'm convincing myself that this is red at all . I mixed it with some Lamy green ink and it turned to a nice Burgundy color . 7Part red to 1 part green is the formula .
 I got this phone directly from Uniden and it died after 5 months use . Like the previous post , nothing in the troubleshooting section worked , and it was out of warranty -LRB- 90 days -RRB- , so in the garbage can it went . Also , the casing on this phone is pretty cheap ... it looked to be in worse condition than my 7 year old Sanyo phone .
 It was a fine phone , while it lasted . After about 6 months , it worked only sporadically , then died altogether . I followed all the suggestions in the troubleshooting section of the manual , but nothing worked . I wo n't be buying another Uniden .
 I called to order a replacement base antenna which only costs .97 but they have a minium order policy of 5.00 so in total it would cost about 12.00 to order this and I was told they ca n't tell me where else I can go buy it . The phone is great but their customer service is terrible !!!
 the sound quality of this phone is shameful . my mobile phone produces a better connection .
 I bought one new . Terrible interference when using a headset . Returned / replaced . Terrible interence persisted . Terrible phone - stick to the 900 mhz .
 I bought this phone and another Uniden phone just over a year ago to replace two old cordless AT&T phones I have had for almost 10 years . They both worked fairly well for a few months , not as good reception as the old phones , but no complaints . Now however , most of the buttons on this one do n't work anymore . I have to call from saved numbers or put the phone down and use an object to press very hard on the numbers . Also , a huge complaint ... the batteries die VERY quickly . Pieces of junk . My friend who had bought a Uniden right before me recommended it to me ... hers is not working well anymore either . I just bought 2 new AT&T phones ... hopefully they are as good as my old ones !
 I have owned many cordless phones in my life and this one is the worssssst ! It is not user friendly at all . I also found myself hearing a double conversation of what I was saying even after changing the channel several time which by the way was a feat in itself ! I strongly discourage anyone from purchasing this model of Uniden phone . I have since replaced it with another phone by Uniden !
 I 've had aDymo LetraTag Label Makerfor several years . While it felt a bit flimsy it has held up , but had one major fault ... the labels , and is n't that the idea behind a label maker ? The labels frequently came unstuck from glass bottles . If you tried to make a flag , they frequently do n't stick to the object or to themselves.After reading the reviews for this labeler I thought this would be ideal . Industrial grade and better labels , all for less than ten bucks more than the LetraTag . What 's not to like ? Well ... At first I was impressed . - It feels sturdy and well built , industrial grade . The buttons , while a bit small , have a nice solid feel . - It has a wide selection of tapes available . Amazon has a good selection but Label City dot com has an even better selection for a bit better price than most places . Do n't get me wrong , the labels are still expensive , but they are for any label maker . - The variety of label options
 The 1000 uses eight AAA batteries , which lasted 8 labels , then LOW BATTERY message pops up & would n't go away until new batteries were swapped in . 10 labels later , LOW BATTERY again . No option for AC-power either.Label quality is pretty low as well , I wrapped clear tape over labels because it looked faded and figured ink might rub off . Glad I saved the packaging to return this .
 Not a good package
 We have had this crappy phone for one year . and its like we had it for 6 years . it wo n't dial the correct number , it makes loud funny noises , you have to press the key pad very hard to dial , and it does n't last as long off charge like they say ...
 Reception is acceptable . Caller ID window is very small and the text font in it is incredibly small . After four months the speaker starting going in and out during every call . Sometimes the speaker would go out for a couple minutes at a time . Now I 'm back buying another phone , not GE this time .
 This phone was horrible , the earpiece does n't even fit . There is so much static on this phone even when you change channels . Spend a little more money and get a quality cordless phone .
 I wish they were more clear in the description of this and that they actually had the product pictured ! I ordered these thinking they were the hanging file folders in the picture. : -LRB-
 I bought this photo album because I needed something to put non-standard size photos in . This album is great for that , there are no dividers in the sheets to separate photos , so any photo smaller than 8 '' x 8 '' will fit in the album . The plastic pockets that hold the photos are made of good quality plastic , and the sleeves have black paper inserts that you can use to mount your photos on . If you want to take this approach , you will need to buy photo corners . As one other reviewer commented , it does not look like the photo . I am perplexed by the other reviewers who thought it was beautiful . The red is brighter than the classy , toned down version you see in the photo . The leather is very hard and has veins added to it to make it look weathered -LRB- it really looks like fake leather -RRB- , the design stamped into the cover is just lost in this veining . The cover does not wrap around the spine of the book , but rather the front and back covers are separate pieces and the back is left open . Definitely not worth the price .
 The fan is surprisingly loud -- much louder than the notebook 's fans.The power switch is located awkwardly , in the center of the back of the stand , where it is behind the screen and very hard to reach.While it looks sturdy enough not to break anytime soon , the plastic flexes so much that when you type on a keyboard on the same desk as the computer -LRB- not on the notebook keyboard -RRB- , the computer screen wobbles annoyingly.I got a Zalman ZM-NC2000 to replace the Targus and it is solid , much quieter , and very effective at cooling the computer . The only advantage the Targus has is its adjustable height.Notebook Cooler , Silver , ZM-NC2000
 I am surprised nobody has mentioned that you can not use a laptop in this stand ! The bar in front of the stand keeps you from being able to use the touchpad or keyboard . On top of that , you can not close the laptop lid without having to pull the laptop out of the stand.The only way to use this stand is to have a separate keyboard and mouse attached and even a separate monitor so that you do n't have to pull the laptop out of the stand to open and close it . This is a horrible design , especially since the bar in front does not serve any purpose.I removed the chill pad from the stand to use it as the stand itself is unusable . To be able to use the USB ports on the chill pad , it has to have the external power plugged in . When you do that , the fans will not shut off when the laptop is powered down . The chill pad does have a power button , but it is located in the back and thus under the laptop , making it inconvenient to reach , especially with a 17 '' laptop.After about a month of use , one of the 2 fans started making a loud whining , sometimes grating sound . If I picked up the laptop and tapped the chill pad it would go away . After 2 months of use the fan started sticking and making a clicking sound . Now I have to literally pick up the chill pad and drop it back on the desk a few times until the fan stops sticking . And I have to do this while holding a heavy 17 '' laptop in one hand .
 The item that you advertised is not what I received , it is not cotton twine , but instead it is cotton string , like kite string.I 'm very disappointed.The picture shown for the item is in fact cotton twine , on a spool , what I received was a ball of kite string .
 I only gave this product 2 stars , not for the product it ` self but the discription was misleading.I was looking for 100 % pure cotton cord but like most it has a synthetic center core that made it useless for my needs.The product it ` self is fine if you are looking for a strong light cord but the synthetic core but it 's not what I needed
 This clearly says that it 's a variety pack of solid colors , but what I received were borders with leaves , pumpkins , and other designs which I will never use .
 This was not an Amazon-shipped product.The reason for the 1 star is that I never received the product.The vendor to which I was referred by Amazon did not pack the correct item and , accordingly , the item received was not the item ordered.When the vendor was contacted after receiving the item , the product was no longer available and the vendor did not volunteer to back order the product.To the vendor 's credit , however , the item was able to be returned at no cost to me and my account was credited back for the purchase .
 While one must be patient with any purchase they make with today 's furniture , especially office furniture , this chair appeared very nice when first bought and used . Then one of the five legs literally sheered off at the base . I am not a particularly heavy person , but this is ridiculous at best . What if someone was hurt due to poor workmanship or poor design?Oh , and if you buy from Chair Barn , there is option four for Amazon.com customers , which no one answers . Cross your fingers on getting a call back . Better chance to submit a claim in court than to get a live person .
 Discovered that the plastic back has a weird flaw -- the linear slots are just wide enough to allow pant back pocket buttons through and just narrow enough to grab and pop off the buttons when you stand up . In fact , the back is highly efficient at this annoying maneuver . I contacted the seller the Backstor/VitalityWeb and they basically said it 's my problem . $ 300 for a new upholstered back . So much for high end service with your high end chair .
 The seat of this chair cuts off the circulation to the back of your legs - the hamstrings . The way the frame is designed , it presents a solid edge , just under the seat mesh , that you can feel across the front area of the seat , a few inches in from the edge.Another problem is that the front tilt feature is missing from this chair , although it is supposed to be a `` loaded '' model , and the instructions provided do mention this feature.I am so disappointed with this chair . I had encountered it in a Hilton Garden Inn room while travelling and did n't notice any discomfort at that time . My bad for not examining it more closely .
 This product is very cheaply made , not at all worth the money . It 's a wall mounted calendar board , and it did n't even come with screws ! And , the black marker it comes with barely shows up on the white board . Very disappointed ~ wish I had made the trip to Target instead of buying this produt online .
 I could not agree with L. Deeds more . I wish I had seen Deed 's review before purchasing this product at my university bookstore.The cheap aluminum frame is attached to the fiberboard back by punching a hole into the frame to create a rough metal surface that `` digs '' into the back to hold it.To hang the calendar , you bend two very thin pliable metal strips -LRB- with holes in them -RRB- from the back to the front . You then put your nails through the holes and into the wall.In the process of bending these strips back , they came right out of the frame . The calendar fell , scratching my wall , and when it hit the floor the thin aluminum framing popped off and broke.This calendar is not worth the money ; very poor design -- avoid it !
 I bought a Board Dudes 23 x 35 and it , too , is unmountable with the hardware provided . Or with any hardware , really , because I am rather adept at hanging things on walls -LRB- such as pictures and TVs -RRB- but I should n't have to reengineer something like this . Ridiculous . There is no secure way to hang the thing . Too bad , otherwise it would be a fine board . But they really skimped on the aluminum frame by not including some basic mounting mechanism .
 OK , so I really wanted a magnetic calendar for my fridge ... . this is NOT the one to buy . It does n't stick to your fridge , I ended up buying double sided tape ... that did n't work ... I was entirely so upset I ended up throwing the whole thing right out into the garbage :--LRB- I 'm am so disappointed with Amazon for even selling this item , ... . good luck for those who purchase it ... just saying
 Mounting hardware does not work , keeps falling off and the Velcro does not support the weight of the product . Also the edge of the frame was warped .
 The advertised `` Jet Print Photo Professional Photo Paper -LRB- 15 Count -RRB- '' is not what BuyWTG shipped . For each order of photo papers , BuyWTG shipped me 3 `` Free Sample Packs '' that each contain 5 Sheets . Although a 3-sample-pack substitute still adds up to a total of 15 sheets , these Free Sample Packs were not packaged in a hard protective box for retail sales -LRB- presumably to save money because they were FREE -RRB- and as a results some of the sample packs had crushed , wrinkled , or otherwise damaged corners.Although BuyWTG shipped me replacement packs for the ones that had visible corner damage , once the packs were opened I noticed that many of them have occasional bends and indentation marks . The flimsy soft cellophane covered packaing in which these free samples were packed is simply not adequate for covering damage that could result during shipping and handling , or from placement of weight on them .
 This purchase was one of my all time biggest mistakes as far as home electronics go ! Do n't buy it , the sound quality is terrible . I paid $ 49 a few months back and you could not give me one for free now . I have my friends call my cell phone just so I can actually hear them . The positive reviews must be from Motorola stockholders .
 This phone has awful problems with static . I ca n't figure it out because from time to time I will get static wherever I am in my house and even changing the channel does not help . Another VERY AGGRAVATING problem is that I CAN NOT have my microwave running without horrific static blasting in my ear -- this is absurd . However , I give it a rating of 2 because I really like the caller id , the glowing buttons feature , and the soft buttons.The rings are also a little strange -- only one rings loud enough and the other is too off the wall .
 I found this phone to have too much static . I changed the channel several hundred times to see if that helped but it always had the same amount of static . Also , you have to get it to sit just right on the base in order for it to charge , you have to move it around a little to make the light come on so you know its charging , which is n't a big deal , but a little annoying . Im very dissappointed with my purchase of this phone . I have been searching for an inexpensive 2.4 ghz cordless phone that looks nice and fits in with my decor along with working well . I thought this phone would be great for it is very nice looking and the phone does feel very sturdy and not light and flimsy like some of those out there , but unfortunately this phone has too much static for me to give it a good review .
 I purchased this phone in December as a present to myself , and I was dismally disappointed with it . Thinking that the 2.4 GHz would have a great reception , I was surprised to find that this phone is little more than a static-noise device . So much so , that I use it for nothing more than a decoration on my desk . Changing the channel does absolutely no good , not even a slight difference can be noticed in reception after doing this . It has some other minor flaws as well , but it 's useless to point them out , as what good is this crappy phone if you ca n't even hear on it ?! Best thing about this phone is the appearance of it , nothing more .
 Other than it 's good looks , this phone is pretty much all around bad . My model is 7 months old & amp ; the battery will not hold a charge for more than 15 minutes -LRB- seriously ! -RRB- . In addition , every time I use the microwave it causes static , and the battery cover always falls off . The memory dial only holds 10 numbers . Motorola is obviously letting their product quality slide .
 This phone was good for the first few month , but has gone downhill ever since . The speaker is not very loud and the ringer is very hard to hear even in a quiet room . I bought one of these for myself and one for my mother , and both phones now have a lot of static when making calls even standing next to the base station . Range is good , if you can deal with the static -LRB- changing channels does n't help -RRB- . The base station is supposed to indicate when there is a message waiting with our phone provider , but it often gives false positives and misses other calls . We bought a panasonic now and everything is much better , even the message waiting indicator .
 I just bought this phone 3 days ago and I have had a problem witht he static coming from the handset while the phone is one the base . It is loud and annoying . I initally liked the way the phone looked and after using it I thought it was a really good buy until the static started . It will be returned today .
 I liked this phone until I got it home . When the handset is sitting on the base , the handset will intermittantly emit static every few seconds - CONSTANTLY . But only when its sitting on the base . I even took it to work and tried plugging it in at my desk and it did the same thing -LRB- I live in an older house and thought it might be the 50 + year old electrical - nope ! -RRB- I 've had it for 5 days and its going back tonight .
 We bought this phone after a long search for a new phone . We have a Sony which worked wonderful and we have had it for over 5 years . We needed another phone in the house so we purchased this one . It worked in the room where the base was and that was pretty much it . The minute you went out into another room , the phone would get a lot of static . It was pretty annoying and we tried switching channels to move to a better channel and nothing seemed to work . We were n't happy with the product at all which is surprising considering it 's a motorola . Be careful when you consider buying this phone .
 I have owned many cordless phones . When I purchased this phone , I figured Motorola was a safe brand to choose . Who knows phones like Motorola right ? WRONG ! Broke within a week of normal use . BEWARE !
 I bought this phone for my apartment and really had no trouble with it for a few months . Then I moved into a house and suddenly there is so much static in the phone I ca n't stand it . You can not hear anybody with the static and it continues to beep like you are pressing the buttons while you are talking even when it is fully charged . I am so disappointed in this phone . I am off this weekend to get a different phone that works . I do n't recommend waisting your money on this phone .
 I just bought this phone 4 days ago . Reception is very bad , and have a ` click ' sound -LRB- same as other people have said -RRB- . The earpiece reflects what you say on the speaker . Horrible sensation , like talking in a box.The phone is very cool and looks great in my nightable , but is only good as a decorative piece !
 I 've had this phone for about 6 months . It started out great , but the longer I 've had it , the worse the sound got . It started making a clicking/staticky noise that does n't go away even when you switch channels . The v-mail message indicator light does n't work , and when you try to check the caller ID , you have to push the button 10 or 15 times before it finally decides to show you the names and numbers . On the plus side , it 's comfortable to use , you can turn the ringer off , and the keypad lights up making it easy to use in the dark . It 's a fairly inexpensive phone , so I would have to say I 've gotten my money out of it , but I would not purchase it again .
 Terrible phone
 I loved this phone at first . It 's nicely human-factored , and the sound quality was very good.However , it 's now about 6 weeks old and the `` 3 '' button no longer works . I use the phone only for work , so it 's been gently used and no one has been dropping it in the sink . This is not impressive longevity . Fortunately , the store where I bought it has a 90-day return policy . I do n't think the replacement will be a Motorola .
 For a 2.4 GHz phone , the range was horrible . I got much better reception with my old 900 MHz . Also , it would be nice if the channels automatically changed when needed , since the reception was so bad -LRB- you had to change often -RRB- . The caller ID was also weird in that if you picked up the phone and missed the call , that number would n't be in the caller ID . Overall , we were surprisingly very unhappy with the phone , and just returned it .
 I purchased this model about 1.5 years ago and expected it to perform for 5-10 years . It stopped working after a year and a half with the buttons not responding at all . I bought a new battery in hopes that would fix the problem , but the phone still does not work . I even tried the page button on the base stand and the pager works , but had to unplug the battery to stop the phone from beeping . I expected better reliability from a Motorola product . I have been using a Sony remote phone for the past six years -LRB- we have two phones -RRB- and it is still working well . I guess you just have to buy a product nowdays and take your chances .
 I got about four months of life out of this phone . There was consistently static and then the phone started to die mid conversation . I bought a new battery , which did n't fix the problem . Now I get about 10 seconds tops before the phone cuts out -LRB- but does n't die , so I know it 's not the battery -RRB- .
 I liked this phone for the first few days . I actually convinced a friend to buy the same phone.What I discovered on BOTH my phone and my friend 's phone is that voices get clipped , ie , cut off prematurely and you have a `` cell phone going out of range like quality '' to the conversation even though you are only a few feet from the base unit . I suspect this is a design issue , where to save battery power , the phone cuts off transmission when it thinks no voice is present even though you are still speaking . I use cordless phones all the time for routine conversations and this one is just annoying . That 's a shame because its a nice size , battery life is great , and so is the price .
 I have had this phone for a year and a half . It is in a room where it is rarely used . The static is terrible and changing channels does n't help . I have used it in more than one home with no change in quality . Now I am beginning to have other problems -- works in one location and not another . Buy at your own risk .
 Hey , I 'm Ed.Got your package . Buddy , you sold me a box of junk . It was almost , but not quite a phone . The base did n't have an antenna , the phone did n't have a back and even fully charged , it would n't stay on more than two seconds . I 'm thinking you really do n't want to do this `` selling stuff to other folks '' thing but something or someone is making you . Maybe you should follow your heart because I 'm looking at your feedback rating as I type this out and frankly , my dear , you suck at it.I 'm in Jackson , MS and I 'll bet they can find a home for all these less-than-stellar phone parts at the city dump . Keep the money . I 'm going to lambast you in the review section.Motorola MA351 2.4 GHz Analog Cordless Phone with Caller ID -LRB- Silver -RRB-
 We 've had our phone for about six months . We just wanted a phone with no bells and whistles and were very happy with this one until it just stopped working one day . Keys froze up and nothing we tried , including replacing the battery , fixed it . Our experience sounds comparable to some of the other reviews here . It 's inexpensive enough that I do n't want to mess with the warranty and judging by others comments , it 's doubtful we 'd get any satisfaction . We just purchased an ATT model to replace it . I wo n't be buying any other Motorola phones !
 There is a lot I like about this phone , however none of what I like outweighs the fact that the sound quality is so bad I had to take it back within the first week of buying it . The appearance , weight , features and price were all excellent . BUT when I spoke to someone on the phone , my voice -LRB- and surrounding noise -RRB- came through my earpiece like a loudspeaker ! It 's as if the mouthpiece is a microphone playing through the earpiece amplifier . Very annoying and impossible to have a conversation with anyone unless they are a real yapper and do n't let you say a word anyway ! I do n't recommend buying this one at all .
 The display on our phone quit after only one year . After two years we had so much static on the phone we could no longer hear the other person . Changing the channel no longer worked . The last cordless phone I bought lasted me fifteen years . This on died after only two . Even when the phone did work the volume was way too low even though you can control the volume it did a poor job .
 My parents had this phone so i registered for it as a wedding present . It did n't work out of the box and as with most wedding presents , i did n't have a receipt and they would n't take it back . We tried to go through Motorola to fix it , but that was a nightmare . Just be careful !
 Synopsis
 This one of the worst phones I ever brought !!!! The phone is less than 2 months old and it gives echoes , feedback , ringing and you can not talk while the microwave is in use.I gave it 1 star because I could not give it anything less.It does offer some good features , like the format button . Which is a time saver . But overall , DO NOT BUY !!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!Thank you .
 I have the phone/answering machine model . More than half of the time the caller ID does n't save the missed calls -LRB- so you can at least see who called you while you were out -RRB- , but my biggest complaint is that you have to listen to all of the saved messages again to get to the new messages . What a waste of time .
 There was much static and people complained they could not hear me . the plus side to this phone was the abilty to turn the ringer off on the handset . I returned this phone after three days . I am still searching for a decent portable phone .
 I agree with the other review - I thought this was a matte finish photo paper and it 's just a high standard ink jet paper - not too much different from the average paper - this is n't what a photographer would use for thumbnails . It 's a good paper , but not really worth the price ...
 I have an Epson Stylus Photo 1400 printer . It 's a high quality photo printer that delivers excellent result . I found this Jet Print Photo paper among my husband 's paper stack and since it 's a thinner paper , I thought I 'd use this paper to print christmas photos to be mailed outside the country to reduce mailing cost . I usually useEpson Ultra Premium Photo Paper GLOSSY -LRB- 8.5 x11 Inches , 50 Sheets -RRB- -LRB- S042175 -RRB- that feels almost twice as thick . I adjusted my printer settings to the correct settings to print on both papers . Same image , a world difference result ! The image that was printed on my Epson paper has great colors , bright and true to my monitor , almost instant drying time to touch . The one printed with Jet Print Photo paper was not even close . It made my photo looks grainy while the original image was n't grainy at all . It made white looks grey and other colors look dull . Overall terrible result and a waste of expensive ink . After 5 minutes it has n't dried to touch yet.Looks like on Jet paper the ink just stays on top instead of absorbed , kinda like what laser printer does . So certain areas that got more ink looks somewhat raised and has different glossy-ness though this could be due to the fact that the ink still has n't dried yet after 10 minutes . The paper is glossy but after it 's covered in ink , it 's no longer glossy . So if your photo has a white area , it may look partly glossy , partly dull . The one printed on Epson paper looks as if it was professionally printed by a photo studio . the glossy-ness of the paper has not changed a bit on printed areas.I strongly recommend to AVOID this Jet Print Photo paper at all cost ! It 's a waste of money and time/energy . I 'd use only recommended papers by your printer brand . Do not use off-brand papers for best result .
 Look at the stats - on paper this baby is a screamer
 If you buy this calculater make sure you have a precision jack-hammer as well !!! Very complicated , extremley hard to press the keys andthe keys are so small if you pushed down on the 5 button with your pointer-finger you would press about 9 buttons . Terrible calculater ! DO NOT BUY NO MATTER WHAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought my 49G about 6 months ago . I was really excited to try out the new `` improvements '' . What a disappointment . I have been using a 48SX for over 10 years . When I first started using the new G I thought I could get used to the keypad -LRB- very difficult to press the keys -RRB- and the new layout -LRB- the enter key is in a different spot -RRB- . The answer to both is a resounding NO . The keys cause mistakes , the enter key is the same size as the keys around it , so if your used to keying in without looking at the keyboard , look out . A plea to HP , PLEASE MAKE A NEW VERSION OF THE 48 's THAT ISNT A TI KNOCKOFF !!! The 49 may be faster , but it is not better .
 The HP49G is supposed to be a later and higher model than the HP48GX . This is very misleading to 1st time HP buyers . Totally unlike the indispensable HP48GX -LRB- awsome graphing calculator -RRB- , the HP49G is a piece of junk.Statistically , the HP49G has 10 times more memory than the 48GX , and its operating system is upgradable . However , my advice is to not go by statistics alone.Again , unlike the cute and indispensable HP48GX , the HP49G has the following problems
 This one has soft rubber keys that you have to sit on to get them to register . If the key does register , sometimes it 'll hang up and you can say `` Man , this calculator really stinks compared to my 48G '' before the number you entered even appears on the screen . The software is powerful -LRB- imaginary matrix algebra , anyone ? -RRB- , but the machine is a POS . The documentation is useless , and is divided into two books for even more torture ! If dreams came true , the next HP calculator would have : - Body & keys like the 48G - A USB port - The functions of the 49G , but with a faster processor - ONE thick , well-written manual like the 48G - RPN ONLY !!! But dream on , because these are the days where high quality products are replaced with flimsy crap .
 I wasted my hard earned money on this calculator . I was so thoroughly disappointed in the calculator that I gave up using it . It was a total and thorough frustration . For example , if you try to graph anything with this calculator , it takes a hundred years -LRB- a little exaggeration but expresses the idea -RRB- to finish . Even adding simple integers , the calculator would chug along very slowly -LRB- e.g. 3 +13 -RRB- . Putting the calculator into non-teaching mode -LRB- I forgot the actual name for the feature -RRB- helped a little though.What attracted me to it was the reviews here and elsewhere . There are some nice features to the calculator . The buttons are nice , the feel of the calculator is nice and the functions are fine as well.However , it is in my opinion a mistake to put this kind of functionality in a calculator without also putting in the hardware to perform the requested operations in a reasonably timely manner . This calculator is not worth more than $ 20 .
 This entry from HP is no match for the 48 Series . The enclosed manuals are vaguely written . Case in point is converting units , or transposing one unit to another . Instead of small indicators at the bottom of the screen , like the 48 series , the HP 49 has pop-up displays which require much more time . It does look nice . but so do paperweights . If you need an advanced scientific calculator , look into the HP 48 series , or TI 86/89 .
 I 'm a huge fan of hp calculators as a matter fact I 've even started a collection of calculators . The real strenght of hp graphic calculator WAS the quality of the keyboard with the huge enter key , the RPN entry mode , the design and the huge power of computing and programming even tough the stack management is a little bit painfull at first . The HP48 is the real deal , the Rolls Royce AND the Farrari of all the calculators !!!!!!!!!!! The hp 49g has lost those qualities trying to be a poor TI wannabe . The screen is awfull you ca n't see properly , the keys are soft and VERY umprecise plus if you want to use the RPN entry mode you have to press too many keys at once !!! So my advice is stick with the hp48 series or buy a real TI instead !!!!!!!!
 I 've been a big fan of HP calculators after buying a 48SX about ten years ago . I 've been using that one ever since . However , when I got a new job doing some statistical analysis about two years ago , I decided to treat myself by buying the latest version , the HP 49G . I was sadly disappointed . Even though the processor was much faster than my previous calculator , the GUI made using it much slower . Also , this was the first calculator I ever had which would actually CRASH . That 's right , it CRASHES . There 's a tiny reset button on the back you can press with a pushpin when this happens . This is completely unacceptable for a calculator.After about a week of using it , I sold it on an on-line auction site and bought the HP 48G in its place . I have both it and my 10-year old 48SX now , keeping one at work and the other at home . HP makes great calculators , EXCEPT for this model . Do yourself a favor and buy the 48G instead .
 Replacement for my old Sharp 1350 ... which I wish I had n't drowned in coffee!The HP is slow at times with the simplest of calcs . I can sit back and wait for up to 5 odd seconds for the result of a simple addition to complete itself . Inputting numbers also can have a time lag . Many times I have re-input data only to find that the numbers suddenly appear ... twice !! Bottom line ... Not at all confident with using this calculator and getting the right result.Rubber buttons ... why ???? . Already rubber is getting furry on top and printed numbers wearing off . We are talking months here . . not years!I really wish I 'd taken this thing back the day after I 'd bought it.ps I used to love my old HP67 from back in 1978 , a dream to use , nice quality buttons , positive clicks .
 It 's just sad that this is what HP has come to . The 49G suffers from `` too much power '' ; HP has tried to put such extensive functionality in the calc that it gets in the way of usable design . The visibility and poor key feel issues have been covered in other reviews . My gripe has to do with efficiency of operation which is , in essence , minimizing keystrokes . A simple example
 Screen is difficult to read -- it 's recessed too much . I 've never had an HP calculator which miskeys as often as the HP49G . Sometimes performs the simplest calculations very slowly . About the only feature I really like is the unit conversion .
 This calculator is awful for so many reasons , but mostly because HP seems to have failed most spectacularly right before the finish line . The documentation for this device is n't just insufficient , it 's so riddled with errors that it 's useless . Only the very very simplest programming examples work , and those with any slight amount of sophistication -LRB- e.g. a for-next loop -RRB- are so buggy that they 're unfixable -LRB- unless you already know the syntax of the programming language , which would obviate the need to look at them in the first place -RRB- . I got this as a gift for my wife -LRB- a physics professor -RRB- a year ago -- she had been using HPs for a long time and was excited at the prospect of using a graphics calculator . She gave up after a month , so I -LRB- a scientific programmer for 15 + years -RRB- gave it a shot over our winter vacation , and while it 's clear that there is a lot of power built into the device , the time required to learn it makes the task is almost insurmountable because you essentially have to learn by trial and error.Perhaps most infuriating is the small disclaimer at the front of the tiny user 's guide in which HP , a company which makes its living off wasted paper , claims it 's providing such a skimpy document to conserve paper.Conserve your green paper , and get something else .
 My big problem with this calculator is its mechanical design . While it sure looks cool , the keys are much harder to press in rapid succession -LRB- as HP48 users are accustomed to . -RRB- As well , in a seeming attempt to alianate HP48 customers , the command keys are completely rearanged making it difficult to adjust to the new platform.Within a week , I had given up on it and subsuquently tried to pawn it off / give it away to any of my coworkers . Even that proved to be difficult.If you currently own an HP48 , I recomend NOT `` upgrading . '' If you are hot to use a symbol manipulator , or any of the new features , why in hell would you spend time fighting a handheld calculator when you can get a better probability of a usefull result -LRB- however small -RRB- from Maple Mathcad Mathmatica etc. ? The idea of doing any significant numerical work on a calculator , rather than a PC is as well patently absurd.It seems to me this calculator is an assinine example of a design driven by marketing .
 This calculator is a disaster . I have been a user of HP calculators for 20 years , and they have been great -- until this one . It 's principle problems are -LRB- 1 -RRB- a keyboard which requires tremendous effort to punch the keys and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the printing on the calculator is tiny and almost unreadable , -LRB- 3 -RRB- the tiny enter key . I think the person who designed the interface on this calculator never used an HP calculator before . These things alone make it a nightmare to use . This calculator was given to me by my dad , who did n't like it either . I bought a 48GX instead ; the 48GX is not as fast , and has fewer bells & whistles but is traditional HP -- big enter key , buttons that have a positive click , easy to read printing on the calculator . I use HP calculators exclusively because of the RPN entry ; once you become accustomed to it you realize how clunky and error-causing the algebriac system entry system is . But HP has other RPN machines -- buy one of those .
 I bought calculator in 2000 and I was very disapointed . I already had a TI 89 , and I was expecting a great improvement from the poor HP48GX.Here 's all I dislike about it : Sometimes HP49 might take a few seconds to add numbers ! Let alone simple calculus tasks , it takes forever to input an integral and forever to get the result . Believe it or not , sometimes you can get approximate results in the 49 models ; instead of 7/9 you get 0.77777777 -LRB- very annoying -RRB- or 0.9999998 instead of 1 -LRB- for very simple equations -RRB- . It 's difficult to find your way through the menus , you waste lots of time.The speed -LRB- of menus and computation -RRB- of TI89 is much faster than 49 . You can have solutions almost instantaneously and when you wait for approximatations , they 're usually very accurate.The resolution of the TIs is much better than that of the pixeled HPs.All in all , HP is not appropiate -LRB- powerful enough -RRB- for math , simbolic manipulation and CAS.Here 's what I like about it : - Infrared . TIs do n't have it . - Assembly . It is only optional , and limited in TIs - Extensive Equation Library , although totally slow.Please consider the TI89 or Voyage 200 , even if they look like toys , engineers can make great use of them -LRB- if they forget about RPN -RRB- . The new HP49G + has serious problems with the keyboard , and although it has a 75MHz chip , it does n't feel faster than the lastest TI89 -LRB- with 12MHz -RRB- , yet faster than HP49 . Same crappy screen/resolution .
 I have been a big fan of HP calculators for nearly 25 years , and own a dozen or so HPs . The HP-49 is my least favorite of them , mainly because of the disappointing User 's Guide . I 've always been impressed with the documentation that comes with their calculators , but this one was far below their usual standards . I could hardly believe my eyes when I read , `` In line with Hewlett-Packard 's environment policy -- which , in part , aims to minimise the use of paper products -- instructions on how to use the advanced functions of the HP49G are not included in this manual , but are published , instead , on the World Wide Web . '' That 's a pretty lame excuse for not printing a better manual . This may or may not be a great calculator -- I really ca n't tell without some better documentation . I 'm hoping some third-party author writes some thorough documentation for it . In the meantime , I would recommend the HP-48 instead of the 49 .
 i 'm electrical PHD student . i bought this calculator becuase i need a powerful one for the test -LRB- normally i use MATLAB on my computer to do the calculation -RRB- . my boyfrid recommended me TI89 before i bought this one . But i went for this anyway because i like HP brand . i made a really bad decision . now the calculator is dead after setting in my drawer for a few month unused . the HP support told me that they can replace the product for $ 126 plus tax and shipping .
 My calculator Journey :7 th-10th Grades
 Several of the previous reviewers have expressed dissatisfaction with the level of HP documentation . Can anyone suggest a potential source of user-friendly , easy to understand info -LRB- with lots of actual calculation examples - including required keystrokes -RRB- for a novice graphing calculator user ? I have reviewed a number of 3rd-party guides for the HP 48g calculator , but they have been written -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- for more sophisticated users . Any ideas ?
 Worst calculator I have ever used . The buttons are spongy and it has not lasted long . I need to replace it because the divide key no longer works and to that I have to say thank God .
 I have been a loyal HP fan since the 1970 's and have owned numerous great HP machines -LRB- both RPN and algebraic and also combined units -RRB- . This machine however is a total waste of time because its keyboard is totally disfunctional . The rubber keys -LRB- NOT plastic -RRB- are way too hard to press in my opinion and generate only much anger and disgust . I do n't need such heartache just to do calculations on a nicely portable , hand held device -LRB- which this machine definitely is ! -RRB- no matter how sophisticated it may be and with this machine 's extensive software they can be extremely sophisticated . Do n't waste your time with this machine however.I tried to make do -LRB- given what else was available at the time -RRB- and used it for over a year before giving up on it entirely and I am very sorry that I did . For the money spent right now at $ 111.00 on Amazon , the HP50g is a far far better value and it actually works the way a calculator is supposed to work . The actual software differences between the two machines are only minor . The HP49g is really a beautiful machine , but given its severe key problems , in this case that beauty is only skin deep -LRB- as they say -RRB- !
 HP seems to be trying to put its retailers out of business , eliminate any customer support , and prevent access to the calculator `` guides '' which are n't manuals -LRB- or any use -RRB- any more . And the 49G 's OS is full of bugs . That 's too bad . I really wanted to purchase an HP calculator - I 've had one since engineering school some 15 years ago - but now I 'm going with TI . Awesome manuals , good customer support , no bugs , and a user-friendly interface . And there 's plenty of stuff out there for download - engineering included . I 'm now in the middle of getting a masters in Statistics . TI has a downloadable stats package , with pdf manual . This stats package can do much more than what the 49G has to offer -LRB- for example , generating random numbers from common distributions -RRB- . What can you download from the HP site ?? Just the connectivity software so you can download their latest OS , which you need to do since there are so many bugs .
 I 've used HP 's since the 41C , I will not use any other brand , but the 49G is not nearly as nice a machine as the other HP 's . I let mine gather dust in my drawer and use an HP32S instead.With other HP 's it may take a few days to get a feel for the keyboard , but once you get some practice the interface is very clean , well thought out , and a pleasure to use.The 49G feels clumsy and cheap , the keys are mushy , the keyboard layout sloppy , the display cluttered . It can do the job , but it is not fun to use.If you must have the advanced features you can probably overlook the clumsy feel , but if like me you use a desktop PC for most of the advanced jobs anyway then buy an HP32SII or other RPN calculator and it will do a better job for 1/3 the price .
 When I got my 48SX 10 + years ago I loved it . Since I 've been preparing for the EIT exam I decided to get the 49G because of the new features and more ram.I 've had trouble doing basic things with the 49G . The manual claims to cover the basics for 90 % of the people and for the rest you should refer to the Advanced Users Guide . Converting Units is n't Advanced . The manual gives a blurb in the apendix about converting but I ca n't get it to work . Even if I could it is annoying to have to go through all the menus every time you want to convert something . On the 48SX once you are in the Lenght menu , for example , it keeps all the length units there in front of you.One thing I did n't notice at first is that I find myself leaning uncomfortable directly over the 49G when I use it . With the 48sx you can clearly see the screen when you are sitting up straight with the calc on the table in front of you . With the 49G unless the lighting conditions are just right there is lots of glare and you have to move your head to find a clear view.Also the LCD seems to be several milimeters below the plastic window so that to see the function menu at the bottom of the screen you have to lean forward . Otherwise 4 or 5 rows of pixels on the bottom are n't visible . I feel like I 'm looking into a well.One of the other reviewers mentioned that the buttons are hard to push . On side to side comparison with my 48sx I agree . On the 48sx the buttons are smooth yet easy for your fingers to grip . Sort of like gym shoes grip a gym floor I guess . And the axis of rotation is along the bottom of the keys so that you can push slightly forward and it still works . With the 49g keys you have to push straight down . There is lots of side to side play if you have a force vector in any other direction . And forget about hitting the left or right side of the key . It will sink down but the key wo n't click . You need to be right in the middle of the key.I 'm going to try to return my 48sx to Amazon.com and hope they will accept it now that I cut open the plastic case it was sealed into .
 I 've been reading all these glorifying reviews on the 49g and am sorry to say I ca n't concur . I 've used hp calculators for quite a few years now , starting with the 11c , then the 48sx , and now the 49g . After using the 48sx for about 6 years I think , maybe longer , I thought it was time to upgrade . Currently I 'm a senior electrical engineering student . I always liked the 48sx , its buttons had a nice feel to them and at the time there was n't a calculator that could touch it . School is hard enough I need all the help I can get . When TI came out with the TI89 a lot of my class mates bought them and seemed very pleased with there performance . I decided to wait for the latest flagship hp . This calculator has failed to meet my expectaions for a couple of reasons . Its buttons are hard to push . This may seem trivial but after entering enough data it gets anoying . I have yet to get it to do even the most simple integration . its little hourglass symbol just stays dispalyed and never returns a result . It also has this little quirk . Every so often it will take about 5 to 10 seconds to return a result from a simple calculation . In the middle of a test 10 seconds can seem like a long time . I would have thought HP would have made the display as least as good as the TI89 , but its resolution is much lower . Since I bought one of the first ones , its possible it might function better with the newer version of its operating system . However this requires me to purchase an interface cable for my computer to dowload , another forty bucks . It does boast a lot of memory but I fail to see the need for it . Any really heavy work I would use a spreadsheet . In short I wished I would have purchased the TI89 .
 I have already invested far too much time in this product to try to be witty or clever about its poor quality and unfortunate design.Power users may decide to live with its negatives because they ca n't find a portable alternative with equivalent math function and memory.For all other potential customers , the HP49G gives new meaning to the marketing phrase , turning point.Warnings
 -LRB- Buy a 48GX Instead -RRB- If you have n't heard , hp is shutting down calculator production with the exception of the hp10BII , hp12C , and hp30S . After buying the hp49G I can see why.I have owned several hp calculators -LRB- 28C , 28S , 48SX , 32SII -RRB- and have been very happy with them all . However , hp has lost sight of their customers ... This started with the elimination of RPN on all but the top end graphic calculators . Sooo , people who do n't want to make a graph do n't want RPN?My hp49G died two days after first turning it on . ... I have replaced it with a 48GX . hp49G Pros : * A lot of additional functions beyond those in the 48GX * 1MB of Flash memory -LRB- Very expensive option in the 48GX -RRB- * A little faster that the 48GX * Slimmer profilehp49G Cons : * Broke after two days * Stiff keyboard with rubber keys . If this was really a decision to reduce keyboard bounce for faster keyboard scanning , it was a bad decision . What happened to market testing ? * Classic large ENTER button has been replaced by a small ENTER button -LRB- they needed space for a lot of useless keys -RRB- * Keyboard and calculator is over-focused on symbolic functions which would generally be used very little in comparison to the standard functions . The important keys have been buried in soft menus . I ca n't believe they removed the angle button for entering polar coordinates or working with phasors in electrical engineering . * / , * , - . + keys are not aligned with the numerical keypad as in other hp calculators which helps speed entry . * Defaults to algebraic mode . Who 's the customer ? I thought this calculator was for Engineers & Scientists . Everyone who has given RPN a chance knows it 's the only way to go . * Fine line purple text on a metallic blue background . You ca n't tell me they did n't realize this is hard to read except in the best lighting conditions . * Tuty Frtity colors . ... I thought these calculators were for serious engineering students and professionals . Most of the functionality in this calculator is beyond most high school students . No what market are we going after ? * What 's the deal with the foam battery holders -LRB- Also in the 48GX -RRB- . I would gladly pay more for conical springs . * Lots more but I think I will stop here.What they should built
 I 've been using HP calculators for over 14 years . I bought the 11C , 15C , 41CV , 28C , 28S , 48SX , and 48G + -LRB- my latest -RRB- . But this one was such a disappointment that I had to return it . The keys are horrible , they have a slippery feel and are hard to press -- unlike the quality tactile feel of HP calculators past . The manual is an insult ; it was slapped together at the last moment , it seemed . In my opinion , there 's no way you could learn how to use this calculator effectively from such an anemic manual if this were your first introduction to an HP . This is not the HP calculator that I know . Although it retains much of the processing engine of the 48 series , the interface is klunky and the fonts are ugly . The worst part is not the things I just mentioned , but the fact that HP have gone backward instead of forward in producing a useful , quality calculator . Do n't let this flawed product give you the wrong impression of HP calculators . They usually are top notch .
 This is one of the worst products I have ever used . It gives you no detailed instructions for ironing on , like how long you are supposed to do it ; it just says `` iron the transfer onto light fabric . '' It ruined the brand new white tank top I bought for this project ... and left me angry and frustrated . I would have given it 0 stars but that was n't an option ! Phone # on package , but you end up with an answering machine , and I did find in very small print -LRB- that you are n't looking for when shopping -RRB- it does say , `` We shall not be responsible for incidental or consequential damages related to the use of this product . '' I guess that says it all , does n't it ?
 `` Invent It ! '' transfer paper works -LRB- kinda -RRB- if you follow the instructions exactly , and you do n't have very high standards for the finished product . We finally used up our last package of this stuff on some `` throw-away '' tee shirts after 6 years of experience with it . The reason we hold it in such low esteem is because we also bought `` Printworks '' transfer paper -LRB- from Burlington -RRB- at the same time as the Invent It ! paper and found that the Printworks paper transfered much easier , had better clarity and color , and has worn much better over the years . Amazon sells both , so we have always re-ordered the Printworks product.Iron-on transfers are never as good as silkscreened shirts , but if you are going to use transfers you may as well use the best products out there , and this stuff does n't make the cut .
 I am the owner of a home day care and I had all of the kids bring in T-shirts so that we could all create our own unique father 's day gifts with these iron-on transfers . When I say that I followed the directions Precisely I am not fooling ! I was so concerned about slip ups that I made sure I followed the directions to the letter , but every time I tried to pull off the cooled transfer paper off came half of the design and the rest styed on the paper ! Very disappointing !
 The CD did not work on my computer . It is an old product so it works on Windows XP , but that was the last version it worked on . I have windows 7 . I used an older computer , and it did work , but i ended up buying a different program from the local office store . The only thing i used from the Invent It kit , was the paper .
 Nowhere does this product or Amazon 's description of it say ` not for Mac ' , and I bought and found out the hard way , so please let others avoid my mistake ! -LRB- why wo n't these people realize that we who are interested in graphics have Macs , they are losing sales -RRB-
 I have order several Avery products on Amazon , normally they are fine . This one -LRB- Heavy Duty 1 '' -RRB- and others I recently purchased -LRB- ~ Sept. 2012 -RRB- looks like the real thing but is poorly made . I suspect there are fake or defective . The rings do not close properly and the cover cracked within a couple of weeks of minor use . I will not buy another binder on Amazon . I expected more than what I got .
 Our school has purchased a number of these scales . None of them have lasted more than 2 years . They are poorly built , and lack any sort of reasonable durability .
 Ordered the 7.5 x 10.5 for work and they are really 6.5 x 9.5 . . that extra inch on both ends makes for a HUGE difference in what we use them for . Also very poor quality , must use packing tape to close up both ends . .
 Have plenty of tape available when using these envelopes . Sealing glue is terrible and will not hold your enclosed material securely . Also tape over bottom flap since that has a tendency to pull apart also .
 The technical specification was very appealing , the features hilighted on the box promised to meet my needs - It could be wall mounted , uses digital technology , Not 900 MHz , Had more than 10 memory 's , the handset standby time was adequate . But after less than two months we 're writing this device off !!!! Why?Well , we need to phone home - For us , that 's not in the US , so it 's an International call . Our long distance provider supplies a 1-800 number and a password - Not an unusual scenario in the States?We ca n't use this phone to do that ! The memory size is restricted to 22 characters , not enough to hold the whole number ... No calling card feature , Once you 've initiated a call with a memory , the other memories are disabled , the voice mail button did n't help . We contacted the Panasonic customer support , but they were unable to make any suggestions . The solution - Go to Radio Shack and purchase an automatic phone dialer.The next problem is an annoying buzzing noise on the signal , even though we 're only 10 feet from the base unit.Then ... The handset battery fails . We charge it up overnight - only to have it totally discharge within 3 minutes - disconnecting my call with no warning - Will I ever get to speak to my mom again ??? We contacted Panasonic , asking for a replacement battery - After all it 's only 6 weeks since we purchased the unit - Answer ? We need to call them -LRB- HOW ??? -RRB- to arrange to return the entire unit . The alternative is to buy one - But they 're not available in the local stores , or on the web - Out of stock ! - Maybe the 1500 mAh battery is pushing the technology a little?These are all factual problems , a little more subjective is the user interface , which I characterise as diffcult . Perhaps if I 'd had a chance to use it more , I would have been familiar with it by now.Summary
 I own , and have owned , Panasonic corded -LRB- this is the have owned part -RRB- and cordless phones . I have always had good experiences with them . When I upgraded , I loved all the features of the GigaRange KX-TG2650N . That was until I found I only got about 15 mins . of talk time -LRB- using it within 25 feet of the base station -RRB- . I would not reccomend this phone until they fix the battery problem .
 I totally agree with the previous reviewer 's comments - i , too , have had a full battery run out in about three minutes during a call . Equally as bad is the noise - it reminds me of early cell phones . the specs on the box look great , but this phone really disappoints .
 Let me just add to the other reviews that , yes , really , the battery will run low after using it as little as five minutes . That is just an idiodic design flaw . This is truly the worst cordless phone I have ever used . DO NOT BUY IT !
 Do n't buy this Phone . It lasted only one year when the handset went dead . I took it to a authorized Panasonic dealer who said they could not repair it . I promised no more Panasonic phones for me . Think about that before you buy a phone from Panasonic . If you only need a phone for two months and money to throw away , be my guest .
 I BEEN TRUSTED PANASONIC FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS ... UNTIL I OWNED THIS PHONE , I 'M REALLY DISAPPOINTS.I NEVER EVER BUY PANASONIC PRODUCTS AGAIN !!!
 Before I purchased the units I called ttsystems the distributor to make sure there would be no compatability issues using more than 1 unit . I needed 5 but chose to buy just 3 in case there was a problem and there was . They do not display Call Waiting ID because all 3 are trying to send the siganls back to the switching station at the phone company at the same time , a problem that I was afraid of but was told by ttsystems did not exist . My phone service is provided by Verizon and is about as industry standard as you can get . The Call Back feature also does not work with multiple units . If you need Call Waiting Caller ID Displays and you need more than one this is DEFINITELY NOT the unit for you .
 I 've had this phone for 4 months and I now get about 30 minutes out of the battery . The battery is n't the problem , it 's the charger . I 'm an electrical engineer and I 've seen this before . When the charging circuit does n't shut off it will overcharge the battery . THIS IS A VERY BAD THING ! A couple of times when I got home from work I picked up the handset and it was HOT . The charger did n't shut off and was cooking the battery . Replacing the battery pack is only a sort term solution . You 'll probably have to replace it again in another 4 months . For $ 250 , I expect better.Also , I hate the fact that you ca n't play messages while the handset is in use . That 's incredibly annoying . There is also a background hiss that was n't there with my 900MHz phone.I do like the looks but this unit has too many problems .
 I did n't buy this phone from Amazon -LRB- was n't in stock at the time -RRB- , but felt a duty to inform anyone considering buying this phone to FORGET IT !!! In less than four months ; battery failure , system charging failure , Caller ID capability failure -LRB- caller ID works correctly on all other phones in my home -RRB- . And , to top it off , Customer Service is the absolute WORST I 've ever experienced !!! When the battery was n't holding a charge after only two months , I followed the reset procedures , etc as supplied over the phone . Did n't work . I asked Panasonic to send me a new battery , guess what ? They outright refused , `` it 's not their policy '' . My ONLY option is to pack up the phone and mail it to the service center -LRB- up to two weeks turn around time , if parts are available -RRB- . There are NO other places you can bring it to , you MUST ship it back . From the woman 's tone and comments , etc. it was obvious to me that this phone very often requires service , sometimes more than once . Please do n't waist your hard earned money , $ 250 !!! , on a product that I believed to be one of the best available , and turned out to be the worst . Hope this was helpful . I 'm shipping it out this week ...
 This phone has been a disaster . The reception drops off after 30 feet -LRB- line of site -RRB- and is totally lost after 40 feet . It does n't work upstairs in my house . If you cradle the handset between your head and shoulder -LRB- while carrying children , cooking , etc. -RRB- two problems occur
 I have absolutely nothing good to say about this telephone . The battery life is ridiculously short . Conversations fade in and out . After a few months the numbers on the very small handset keypad have faded to the point of being nearly unreadable . The range is adequate , however , that is of little consequence , when one is speaking and the person on the other end of the line is fading . This is going into the trash as soon as I buy a different phone to replace it .
 The charging circuit on this phone will overcharge the batteries.The phone itself gets extrememly hot . This cooks the NiMH batteries resulting in a talk time of about 20 minutes.Panasonic does not offer to replace the phone . However , if you call their service number and tell them the battery wo n't hold a charge , then they will automatically and without question offer to send you a free replacement battery . They are cheerful and courteous about this.Expect to have to call them every couple of months for a new battery . I suspect that Panasonic figures this is cheaper than replacing . Eventually , you will get tired of calling them and/or will have replaced the phone with something else .
 I have had this phone for about 4-5 months . The battery started not holding a charge about a month ago . I stopped by a Good Guys to pick up a new one only to find that a -RRB- they did n't carry the battery -LRB- though they did carry the phone -RRB- ; and b -RRB- `` lots of other people had been asking for the same battery '' . I concluded from this , as well as the other reviews , that Panasonic has a problem in this area . I suspect that there may be a heat problem -LRB- maybe not monitored properly -RRB- with the charger.The reception is not that great ; the controls are not that convenient to use , especially the `` joystick '' button . Programming requires the handset , rather than being done entirely from the base -LRB- for no good reason that I could tell -RRB- . The button label are odd and not intuitive.Just not the great phone that it could be .
 Like everyone else , I 've observed problems keeping a charge on the phone for more than 30 minutes . It 's very unlike Panasonic to put a full-featured phone on the market , that is basically defective . ... . The feature set is second to none , but how could they overlook the charging problem ? ... Stay away from this phone .
 I was attracted to this phone because of its cool looks and features . I ignored the reviews.After 3 months , I am returning the phone -LRB- luckily I bought the 2 year warranty -RRB- . Now , the phone holds charge for hardly 30 minutes.Conclusion
 Whatever Garbage said , I agree . It is the worst phone ever . I encountered the same problems including Panasonic having the worst costumer service of any company I know . I will never buy their phones again and you should n't either .
 I have had this phone for over a year now and it is on its last leg . I have kept the phone in perfect condition and treated it with great care thinking that I would have it for some time . Well this week it started cutting out during calls and making strange noises while in the call . I call Panasonic and they claim that they have had very little problems with the phone and would not help me in any way except for me to send the phone back and pay $ 70 for a referb phone that could also go bad in a year . Panasonic needs to own up to the fact that they built a phone that has a major design flaw . I own thousands of dollars worth of Panasonic gear and if this is the way they treat a loyal customer I will not be buying there product EVER again .
 Anyone who says they like it , does n't use it.What does work ? Yes , the speaker phone works both on the base and handset . You can acutally dial out , that works too.OK , the hold button works too.What does n't work
 For all of the unhappy customers that have written a review for this telephone . Panasonic offers a $ 20 rebate if you purchase this phone between Dec. 2001 - June 2002 . Go to Panasonics website -LRB- www.panasonic.com -RRB- and search for this model -LRB- KX-TG2670N -RRB- Look through the topics for rebates . Select that topic and view/print form . Mail it in and get back $ 20 . Maybe this will be somewhat of a vindication for all of your sorrows .
 I bought this phone at what I thought was a bargain price a while back , but it turns out I got what I paid for . The phone worked alright for several months . A little echo on the sound quality , but otherwise decent -- until it just stopped working . The base charges the phone , and indicates it is charged . But the phone no longer responds .
 Do n't be lured in by the affordable price , sometimes you really do get what you pay for ! I recently bought this phone , and will be returning it as soon as possible . The reception is awful , it breaks up 2 rooms away from the base , and has static even when standing near the base . Worse yet , I have missed calls waiting for the phone to find a channel after trying to pick up an incoming call . Poor performance , cheap feel and plain design . Uugghh .
 I thought I was getting a brand name at a great price . Unfortunately the sound quality is so bad that we only use the phone for the caller id . Worst phone that I 've ever owned .
 I bought this phone at a local retail establishment and have hated it since I bought it . From day one the phone picked up a lot of static and interference when I was on a call . Occassionally it would clear up for a moment or two , but no more than that . Apparently callers could hear me fine , but I could not hear them at all . I also do not like that the keypad does not illuminate which makes it very hard to use at night or in a dark room .
 I was looking forward to a caller ID device which my `` old eyes '' could read without reading glasses . But the display , while large , is no easier to read than smaller displays , because of a dark greenish-gray background which contrasts poorly with the black digits . There is a contrast control , but the two settings can best be described as bad and worse . Further , the pixel resolution is coarse , resulting in a pronounced staircase effect on diagonal lines , such as the letter N. Worst of all , the display developed defects after just two months of use -- the left sides of some digits and letters no longer appear . Battery replacement did not help this problem . Another oddity is that , if the same caller has called repeatedly , only the most recent call is logged . This is a good product to avoid .
 I thought this would be a great thing for the TV room , so you could decide whether to interrupt a show by answering the phone , but you ca n't read the display in the dark .
 I bought this product because my old caller ID does not support call waiting caller id ! According to the product description , it says it supports call waiting , little did I know , that 's all it supports . But do n't all units/phones support call waiting ? What I 'm saying is that this unit does n't even support call waiting caller id -- only regular caller id ! I do n't even know why they had to throw the term `` call waiting '' on the item description because it totally misleads consumers ! So basically , my money was put to waste . I gave it two stars though because I liked the large display , easy to see the caller 's name.I 'm still looking out for a good caller id unit/box that supports call waiting caller id . It seems very rare and I do n't want to buy a new phone just so I can use the feature . Do n't buy this if you want a box that supports the new call waiting caller id feature , because this product obviously does not support it !
 Ok , I read all the reviews on the internet about the Bell Sonecor BE50LD Large Display Caller ID unit and inspite of this product getting poor marks across the board , I decided to roll the dice . After all , I could not find another wall mountable large display . I have a home-based business and get tired of having to go to the phone and stoop down to see who is calling every single time . After opening the package I realized there were no AAA batteries provided and no screws for wall mounting . Ok , good enough . After a trip to the store I got what I needed and came back . I set the unit up and everything worked great for the first hour . Then I noticed that the display was blank . Hmmmmm . I checked my connections and when I reseated the batteries , the display came up prompting me to reset the unit -LRB- language , contrast and time -RRB- . I thought it to be just a glitch and it seemed to work fine for another 30 minutes . Then , blank again . I was busy and did n't want to mess with it so I went back to work . A short time later I noticed that the display was flashing to prompt me to set up the language , contrast and time settings AGAIN ! Argh . I took the unit off the wall and hooked it up to its own wall jack , checked the connections , reseated the batteries and voila , it worked ! For about 1 minute . It then went blank and I have not been able to get the thing to work again . In the trash it will go.I do n't know what is more sad , the fact that I could not find a decent large display caller ID that worked , or the fact that our government continues to allow this ... -LRB- made in Taiwan -RRB- to be imported and sold on our markets . Whatsmore it had the UL -LRB- Underwriters Laboratory -RRB- approval , which used to be a sign of tested quality . Bah ! ... On second thought instead of trashing it , I think I 'll look for my hammer and ...
 This looks like a nice phone that will sit flat on desk , or against the wall . In my case I wanted a wall phone for the kitchen.This phone is really clunky , and it has a huge piece you attach to your wall jack , then attach the phone base to it . It looks ridiculous , and sticks way out . Very awkward and inconvenient.I even called the company to see how to wall mount this phone and they told me I must use the big piece that came with it.THIS IS NOT A WALL PHONE in spite of the description that says it is.I feel I was just ripped off for $ 20 . It 's not worth paying $ 8 to ship it back , but makes me hesitant to buy from Amazon again .
 This phone is n't all bad but it 's verging on unusable for me . It 's a disaster dialing with a headset on , because the touch tones you hear when you dial will deafen you if you set the volume as high as you need to hear the recipient of your call . In many cases the volume simply ca n't be raised high enough and you ca n't have a conversation without switching phones . My headset works fine with a similar phone by another maker , and the problem applies without the headset too . Major design flaws include the absence of a mute button and a one-touch volume control instead of separate + / - volume keys . The one-touch key cycles through 3 or 4 volume settings and does n't display where you are , so you never know if the volume is at max , and so that if you hit the button to hear someone better they are as likely to grow fainter as grow louder , which makes you miss more of what they 're saying and infuriates you in the meantime .
 This phone had to have been the absolutely most ridiculously , unpredictably unreliable cordless phone ever . - The antenna produces interference noise on the highest volumes for most calls . - The quiet volume setting is useless . - When the ringer is set to on , sometimes , there will be an incoming call , and the phone simply wo n't even register it . - I ca n't find the `` Hold '' button anywhere with this phone - had it for 3 years and still ca n't find it . - Sometimes , when I pick up the phone to talk on it , there will be no tone whatsoever ! But if I put the phone back down , and pick it up again , sometimes , I will get a tone . This may also explain why I did n't hear incoming calls . - The battery refused to operate correctly after a short power outage , and the reset directions provided by technical support did n't work -LRB- `` waited '' aimlessly for a week to see if the 10-second `` charge beep '' ever amounted to anything . - Sometimes , I had to make sure by checking up to five times if the ringer really was set in the `` On '' position , because apparently half the time it was n't . - There were other problems that I encountered that I seem not to recall at the moment.Overall , I 've missed/never heard about 20 % of my calls on this P.O.CRAP due to its own technical faults . I 've never heard of a phone that could be so simple -LRB- cordless , one line -RRB- and yet have so many more technical issues than it has functions . NOT RECOMMENDED !
 I used the phone for a few weeks , then put it away for a few weeks . When I charged it up to use again , it did not work . I called the customer service number on the phone and got a totally unrelated company who never even heard of these people . So I found a tech support email address on their home page -LRB- tech support for the phone , not the page 's webmaster , I do know the difference -RRB- After a week when there was no response , I bought a new battery and charged it . Still nothing . That was several months ago and still no response from the support email either . It is obvious these people will try to weasel out of the warrantee by not ever finding out what is wrong with the phone . While I pursue it , I bought and am using an AT&T cordless phone . This one remaims plugged in just in case I ever reach someone who will want to try and diagnose the problem .
 I bought this phone for my father , 88 years old . He has a hard time while using it in his apartment . The reception is very poor - inconsistent and with interference , even when he is using the channel selection feature . It appears that electronic design of the phone has flaws .
 amazon , i would be happy to rate the telephone i ordered 7/27/06 , but it has not been shipped yet ! in fact , when checking the order status , you still state shipping date from 8/30/06 to 9/17/06 expected ! well , i guess you just send these questions out to everyone regardless of the status . well i ca n't say i like the phone , i have n't even gotten it yet !
 It 's interesting that my phone died too , after having it about 11/2 years or so . It just stopped working , so i bought a new battery , which did n't help . Clearly I 'm not the only one with this problem . I guess it 's time to throw it into the landfill with all the other junk America uses up ...
 Im a bit upset for buying this ... phone ! No wonder its only a 1 year warranty . . b/c after one year , you ca n't use the damn phone no more ... The phones just dies ! . . Do n't even bother to buy a new one . . it will still die out after 4 mins talking on the phone.Its not the battery , its the phone !!
 We already had to replace the battery once , but this time it does n't seem to make any difference , the phone just dies within a minute or two of taking it off the cradle.Perhaps there is a way to fix this . However from reading other reviews it seems that many portable phones are not designed to last more than a year or two so I 'm not optimistic .
 Sound quality is about like hearing someone trying to talk to you with a pillow shoved over their face . Terrible . I got it as a `` bargain '' along with a rebate . Tomorrow it goes into the Dumpster .
 Bargin phone , horrible sound . I am always trying to increase the sound button and telling people to speak louder , they are always telling me to quit yelling . Looking for a new phone .
 I purchased this phone for my 90 year old mother . This phone is terrible ! The ring was very low in volume and the volume control button did n't increase the volume at all . The volume for the headset was terrible and the volume control did n't work for that either . The call quality was awful . I sent this phone right back ! Also , Amazon gets this phone through ANTonline and they have a terrible reputation as well . I only hope I am able to get my money back from them . Of course with a 15 % restocking fee . Do n't purchase this phone !
 The descriptions of this phone made it sound like a good phone . LOL , it is just a piece of junk like many other phones that were made in China . Do n't ever try to adjust its volume while you were talking on the phone , if you did , you will be gone deaf because it made very loud noises . The only place for it is the waste basket .
 a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z
 Product is great , company that I purchased it from is not ! -LRB- I currently can not use the stand , it sits in a box in the closet -RRB- The company is not very helpful and does not seem to care about their customers .
 I got suckered in with the HP name and the low price . This SLICK PAPER will not take the ink . I have tested it both in a LaserJet and OfficeJet printers . It looks great on the surface after printing , however if you would ever let anything touch the side you printed it will transfer the ink off the slick sheet onto whatever touched it . KEEP IT AWAY FROM CLOTHING ! The transfered ink is also hard to get off your hands . I have for years used the iGage Weatherproof Paper - and am placing my order for this now.JUNK JUNK JUNK
 This phone will not work for you if you use Vonage for your telephone service . I spent a day and a half going through the manual and still could not make or receive any calls .
 This phone is driving me crazy with slow dialing , and needing several attempts to make a connection . Do not buy .
 ... because trying to skimp and get a $ 60 phone is NOT the way to go . I learned the hard way . Bought this for my Dad , and we had it wrapped in the returns box less than a week later . I should have known - right from the start , as it arrived in an Amazon-returns box . Great . The darn thing could n't go 10 feet away without horrible static ; you ca n't take someone off or put them on speak phone without a horrible shriek ; the thing heats up pretty bad ; and it forgets to tell time accurately . This all occurred in about 4 days . Best of luck if you decide to purchase ... My Dad needs a 2-line phone , so I suppose he 'll have to pay about 2-3x . Hopefully it will be worth it ...
 How do I hate this phone , let me count the ways :1 -RRB- Horrible , disruptive clicking sound when a call comes into the other line . Your entire conversation on line one is derailed when a call comes into line two or if someone in the house picks up line two when you 're on line one . Terrible .2 -RRB- Very limited battery life , even when new . Got to be on a 45 minute conference call ? Do n't plan on running past that time or having to place a call when the con call is done , you ca n't ! God forbid you leave it off the charger for a few hours while you run out .3 -RRB- No mute on the handset . A very important feature when you 're on a conference call .4 -RRB- Can not easily transfer calls from the handset to the base -LRB- important for when the BATTERY DIES and you do n't want to drop a call5 -RRB- Clumsy number storage in the phone 's auto-dial6 -RRB- Ca n't dial from caller ID . My cell phone will automatically put a `` 1 '' before a number to place a call from caller ID but this thing does n't . Maybe land lines ca n't do this , so this might not be a limitation of this phone , but hey , I 'm on a rollThere HAVE to be better phones out there than this . Keep moving , this one is a waste of money .
 I got this phone as a replacement for my Uniden TRU-8886 2 line handsfreeThings I hate about this phone : You can not mute the HandsetYou can store 20 phone numbers in the handset ; you can only store 10 of `` speed dial '' numbers in the base -LRB- that you have to program separately -RRB- The Names in the address book are limited to 15 uppercase charactersName/Number phone book entry is abhorant , and times out quickly , losing entry-in-progressThere is no End/Cancel Key on the handset . You press and hold PROG to cancel.The headset jack is on the side of the handset , but in the center , making carrying while connected awkwardI would not recommend buying this phone , and will probably replace it with another of the uniden tru-line .
 After having the phone company come to check out our phone lines we were told we had a bad phone . Line one does not work . Please tell us what process to use to return this phone for a new one.Thanks , Ray Winney
 This phone does not let you know when a phone line is in use from outside its system . The only way to know if a line is in use is to pick up the line and listen for traffic . This may have the effect of killing the other call .
 Do you like throwing your phone away every year to replace it with a newer model ? With the VTech 5879 you 're wait will be even shorter ! I do n't know why I replaced the original purchase of this phone -LRB- Jan. 07 -RRB- with the exact same one -LRB- Aug. 09 -RRB- but the bottom line is that the usable life went from 18 months to half that time . Despite replacing the battery and cleaning the contacts the handset will simply not charge . Result ? No more Vtech phones for me .
 We thought this was a great 2-line phone which worked really well until the handset stopped working completely . Customer service is very frustrating at v-tech . In order to replace the defective phone they first said it would take 30 days to send out a replacement phone . Then they said they would send me out the replacement first , but I 'd have to give them a credit card number to guarantee I 'd send the replacement phone back . What kind of company does that?Also they asked me to take down all kinds of reference numbers and address info for them , and asked that I include all of the information about my call to customer service in the box with the phone . -LRB- Why bother calling customer service in the first place ? -RRB- Would n't it be better to have a standard form to email customers with all of this info ? It seems very antiquated and not at all focused on customer satisfaction .
 The chairs are very expensive . They are not well made . I have had several parts replaced and the replacementParts only carry the original warranty . 3 years on the big and tall chairs . They have poor customer service and you will regret ever doing business with them .
 We bought one for our office , and proceeded to waste a lot of time trying to get it to print as a network printer . Brother 's software is bug-ridden , and did n't install cleanly on any of our Windows machines . And online support is a joke . This printer worked fine on one machine , but is a terrible waste of time for network printing . You ca n't simply set this up as a regular printer , but must go through Brother 's proprietary software for every print . A real pain .
 At one time , the QL-550 was my favorite label printer , mostly because I liked its print quality better than DYMO 's . When I upgraded to Mac OS X Leopard , however , I ran into problems . Installing Brother 's `` Leopard-compatible '' driver and label software worked fine , and the label printer worked great . Unfortunately , installing the Brother software `` broke '' around 20 of my previously installed programs , including Microsoft Office 2008 , Logic Pro , and Adobe Creative Suite CS3 . I do n't know if reinstalling each of these programs after installing the Brother software will work , as I do n't have the patience to hassle with it . I 'm instead doing a complete reinstall of my main hard drive 's contents -LRB- pre-Brother -RRB- from Time Machine.This is a great printer , but until Brother comes up with software installers that do n't cause problems for other installed programs , I ca n't recommend this printer for Mac users .
 My brother highly recommended this label printer so I bought it . I use a MacBook Pro Intel Core 2 Duo laptop . I employ a Mac specialist/geek who maintains all my company 's Macs . When I asked him to install this software he was very skeptical . The driver for the install is very dated . He called Brother and their customer support assured him it would work . This software install made a mess of my computer . I could n't print anything to any printer because the Brother driver corrupted my Canon and HP drivers . The geek had to spend 2-3 hours fixing this problem . He ususually is able to fix things in minutes . He also reported that Brother technical support was arrogant and useless.BE VERY WARY BEFORE YOU TRY TO USE THIS ON A MAC . I 'm sorry I wasted a couple hundred dollars on geek time to fix the mess it created .
 They finally released a mac version that seems very nice from the little that I have used it so far.I had given it a bad review so now the software is so nice , I had to change my review to make it good.Too bad I ca n't change the star rating . I 'd give it 4 or 5 if I could .
 When I loaded the software my computer was n't able to find all the components . I keep getting error codes . Tried reinstalling 3 times . Even went to the website to get the latest download and still could not make it work like it is suppose to . Not a happy camper right now .
 I have purchased the QL-550 and I regret it . This device uses only Brother Labels and I ca n't find any generic labels for a reasonable price . Brother takes advantage of the consumer and for precut labels cheaper than uncut labels . I believe the Dymo LabelWriter 400 SKU
 I searched for a long time before finding a clock radio that included a cordless phone . For some reason this is one niche that few manufacturers serve . I was attracted to this model because of the small footprint and black color . I should have kept looking.While the clock , radio , and phone all work as promised , there are some shortcomings , some more important than others . I would have preferred a digital radio tuner , but the analog one works O.K. . The biggest issue is the difficulty in setting alarms and changing which of the two alarms you want to use . Every time you push a button , any button , the unit emits a rather loud beep . You ca n't really sent the alarm without disturbing someone else sleeping in the room . Beyond the annoying beep , it is very difficult to turn on the alarm . You are supposed to press and hold the button once , but this often results in the alarm time flashing for at least 30 seconds , during which time you can not do anything else . So you press it again , hoping the alarm will turn on -LRB- or off -RRB- this time . Nope , just flashing numbers . Try it a third time . Now it works and I did n't do anything different than I did the last time ! The other evening I spent at least three minutes setting on the side of the bed attempting to turn off alarm 1 and turn on alarm 2 . Unforgivable . In the meantime the clock is beeping each time I touch a button . -LRB- I feel a need to explain that I am not new to consumer electronics and did read the manual . It is not user error ; it is bad design . -RRB- I can only recommend this product to those that have no other option . If I had to do it over again I would keep looking .
 The first few days I used this phone/clock radio , my initial reaction was to return it . I decided to give it a fair chance , so I used it for a couple more weeks and the longer I used it , the more I was convinced it should be returned . These are my reasons for returning this unit : ~ ~ As other reviews mentioned , the beeping sound every time you press any of the buttons is quite annoying to you and anyone else in the room . It would be nice to have the option to turn the `` beeping '' off or even turn it down . ~ ~ The clock display is not green as pictured on the box , instead it is a bright yellow . The display is too bright even when turned down to the `` low '' position . It is so bright in fact , that I put 3 layers of colored cling wrap on the display to try and cut down on the glare . ~ ~ Because of the design of the unit being tilted up , everytime I press any of the buttons while laying down , such as to set my alarm or hit the snooze button , I end up pushing the unit half way across my night stand . ~ ~ The alarms are not very straight forward or user friendly , beeping at you all the while . The buttons are hard to locate in the late night and early morning when you need them the most . They should be a bit larger . ~ ~ The phone is basic , although in my bedroom , I use the clock radio more often then the phone . For me , the phone is really only there for the sake of convenience , not as my main house phone so it served its purpose.I 'm sure I would not have returned the unit if there were only one or even two features that I did n't like , but there were just too many to have to live with . Overall , I am quite dissatisfied with this unit and would NOT recommend it .
 This is one of the very few cordless phone/clock radio combos out there with dual alarms . That said , my wife has had a love/hate relationship with the thing since we got it . Most of the love goes -LRB- went ? -RRB- to the 900 MHz phone , which worked great until the warranty expired . Most of the hate goes to the clock radio , which is not intuitive to set , has an alarm that plays for 10 minutes and then shuts off -LRB- heavy sleepers will snooze through this easily -RRB- , and is generally lacking in features . And as I mentioned , now that the one year warranty has expired , the handset is having frequent problems connecting to the base . So we 're in the market for a new unit - but this one had so much potential ...
 Even though it 's one of few dual alarm clocks with cordless phone , the design is pretty weak . The snooze button is at a bad location and you could easily shut the alarm off when intending to hit snooze . It 's not the easiest to program and the phone feels rather cheap .
 We had been looking for a clock radio/telephone combo unit for a while with the aim of saving space on the nightstand . This phones footprint is very compact and the clock radio portion works great . Only complaint is the phone is very basic with respect to features and low quality with respect to performance . Largest issue is it is difficult to hear a conversation .
 My experience with this product is similar to other reviews here . The beeping -- which occurs at times for no obvious reason -- is incredibly annoying . But my major complaint is that the rechargeable battery has never kept a charge for very long , which means the handset needs to be in the cradle charging all the time . I 've gotten 3 good years out of Uniden Ni-MH batteries but the SW Bell Ni-MH proved unable to hold a charge after a few months . Worse , I 'm having trouble finding a replacement battery . At around $ 12 for such batteries I wonder if the unit is `` totaled . ''
 Very weak binding . back is sturdy . if you want to put 10 sheets in it will work . anything more , go for a different brand .
 I purchased the Conairphone TAD1220 on sale at Kmart for $ 9 . It was easy to setup and worked great for 2 weeks . After missing some very important calls I discovered that the machine had stopped recording . It would answer , beep and pretend to record the message , but would n't . Conair will replace the answering machine if I send it back with $ 9.50 shipping and handling -LRB- more than the purchase price -RRB- . Unfortunately I did n't save the receipt .
 As with the other review , machine work for a little while then stopped . Would not record message . Not worth a dime .
 Recently stopped recording any incoming messages . Was recording , but I found it difficult to save more than one message at a time . Not a very good product .
 What I thought I ordered was not what I received . Because of shipping and hassel just settled for what was sent .
 I used this ring board 2 to 3 times weekly and after less than 2 months of use , the clamping mechanism failed.It is outside the return window and it is not worth the shipping charge to return it . I grant you it is a small burn , but a burn none-the-less . Look elsewhere for a ringboard .
 I HAVE EDITED MY 1ST REVIEW.IT WAS PRETTY CRITICAL.AND NOW FOR MY NEW THOUGHTS ... . THESE PENS HAVE STOOD THE TEST OF OF TIME . THEY LEAVE A BOLD IMAGE , BUT THEY DRY SLOWLY . BEWARE OF SMUDGING . THE TIPS HAVE SEEMED NOT TO WEAR DOWN MUSHY LIKE SOME OTHERS BUT THE GREEN IS PALE FOR MY TASTE , I 'D RATHER HAVE TWO BLACK PENS.I 'D LIKE TO UP MY RATING TO FOUR STARS . THE NEXT TIME I NEED NEW PENS I 'LL BE LOOKING FOR THESE .
 I tried this pack of CD/DVD markers . They are not great quality . For starters , the green marker was already half-dry and writes in blue , not green . The biggest gripe I have is the dry time . The ink takes forever to fully dry and smudges very easily . This is a big problem if you do a lot of burning and care about the appearance of your discs.I would suggest trying Staedtler 's CD-R pens instead . They produce a better mark , they do n't smudge so easily and they last forever .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! THIS THING IS NOT WORTH PAYING 2 BUCKS FOR , it is flimsy and doesnt stay closed ! not kidding this thing is going right back in the box and back to the people that are ripping people off . do not buy
 Boxes like these are supposed to be built for hanging files . That 's their primary purpose . Others I 've purchased elsewhere at similar price are sturdier and work . These do n't ; too wide . Only useful for secondary purposes . Bought three and they are useless to me .
 Arrived dented and creased . The are flimsy enough that one big ding on the outside packaging was all it took to smash both files .
 The recordered has some nice features , like being able to select `` folders '' that you want to record the sessions into . However , the sound is recordered in a proprietary sony format . You need to download software to make Media Player play it . What makes things really annoying is there is no clean method by which you can save it into a `` normal '' format for sharing with other people . Why on earth did n't Sony use WAV or MP3 format is beyond my comprehension.Recording quality is decent when you are within 6 feet of a person and have the recorder in plain view . However , if you are further away and want to keep the discrete -LRB- like in your pocket -RRB- the sound quality is terrible .
 Proprietary format and although it is a FAT16 flash drive when plugged into a PC , for some reason it can not be seen on a Mac . Sony exclusivity is a big mistake . Do n't buy this -- it will just be a big hassle trying to read , process , share the files . -LRB- You might smash it with a sledge hammer and send to sony with a note . -RRB- The buttons , layout , etc are nice -- typical of Sony -- and solid , well made , although the unit is big by current standards . 1 AAA battery.As an external drive -LRB- `` storange device '' -RRB- , it is useless as it is not Mac compatible .
 I was excited about some of the features of this product , along with the price for what 's offered . -LRB- Said features stopped me from giving this a 1-star rating . -RRB- Unfortunately , the sound quality is HORRIBLE compared to others I 've heard , many of which are less expensive . And the format of the created file is n't very versatile either . Such a shame ... Save your money for a different product . Sony , what 's up ?
 So aggrevated there are n't more voice recorders on the market that are mac compatible like those that are pc compatible ! The direct USB is a nice feature but you HAVE to have the software installed on your PC in order for your computer to even detect anything is plugged in . Argh . I would n't have bought this item if I had read these Amazon reviews first . There is guaranteed a better product all-around for your needs .
 I bought this recorder 10 months ago . Afterwards I have had many devices with voice recording ability and this is my ranking of the sound quality .1 . edirol r-9 field recorder2 . iriver T-10 mp3 player3 . Olympus ws-320 voice recorder4 . Sony icdu 60 voice recorderThe sony recorder is actually very bad compared to the other devices , also the iriver mp3 player that is about the same size . The sound quality is amazingly bad and is a misuse of the sony name .
 I bought this because of the Sony name , and am regretting it now -- the sound quality is horrible . I 'm a med student and use it to record lectures -- the sound quality is so bad I ca n't understand the lecturer .
 I have never bought a bad Sony product until now . This is an embarassment to Sony - The deveopment team for this POS should be assigned to a ball bearing factory . The speaker has no resolution , so there is no quick play back capability and the overall interface is cumbersome at best . Do n't waste your money !!!!!!!!!!
 If the default date is any indication , this recorder was manufactured in 2006 . It is at least a generation older , probably more , than the recorder I am replacing . Rather than record mp3 files that automaticlly open iTunes when the recorder is inserted into the USB drive , it uses a proprietary software that is too old to run on VISTA . In short , I must go to the expense of returning it -- and hope I get my money back . Nowhere in the product description does it indicate that this recorder uses superceded technology and is incompatible with newer PCs .
 I could never get this thing to work . Start dictating , want to stop , and ca n't figure out how to do it without going back to the beginning . The directions -LRB- `` manual '' -RRB- is worthless .
 Unfortunately , this phone was a complete waste . Mine worked as intended for just about two months , and the died completely.Even when it was working , using it was frustrating . The user interface is the most counter intuitive one I 've ever come across on a cordless phone . Even dialing can be frustrating . For example , every other phone I 've seen allows you to dial the number _ before OR after _ pressing the Talk button . This phone requires you to press the talk button before beginning to dial . Consequently , everyone who picks up this phone ends up confused.Anyway , this phone was a complete waste of money . Buy at your own risk .
 For the first three weeks I was in heaven with this phone - it worked almost flawlessly . Then Apple released an audio update to OS X via Software Update . The free .2 software on my MacBook Pro now does nothing but unexpectedly quit . I contacted Ipevo many times via both email and telephone requesting that they update the free .2 Mac driver software , but they repeatedly and callously replied that it was something I was doing , or something having to do with my computer , when the real issue is their driver software.So now my free .2 phone is useless - the free .2 software quits unexpectedly every time it 's plugged in!Advice
 Do n't buy this product unless you can bench press 250 pounds . The metal side rails are very very thick , and the scores in them are very shallow . I could not break off the ends myself . In frustration and anger I took it to a friend of mine who can bench press 250 pounds , and he was able to break off the ends with a pair of pliers for me . He did this on a solid work surface with a 90 degree edge . Definitely do n't try this on anything that could scratch . Also , the directions do not tell you how much length to consider for the plastic stands on the ends . If you are unfortunate enough to have bought this product , a hammer might work on a solid work surface with a straight edge.Also , Pendaflex has been bought out by Esselte Corporation . I called their help line to see if there was any other tool or any other way to break off the ends . The help line actually picked up and then hung up immediately , twice on me . This is also concerning to me because I have purchased most of my filing needs with the Pendaflex brand name . Now I will really look at the product closely before I buy it , if it is Pendaflex , and even take it out of the wrapper or box if I have to . Which makes me understand why this frame sold online at a reduced price . No way to actually look at it before you buy.Run immediately away from this product and evaluate carefully other products with the Pendaflex brand name to make sure they are of the same quality as before the buyout .
 I too was excited about an afordable machine that could do what I wanted.The first surprise was that the drivers that came with the unit were n't for WindowsXP . I learned that after I tried installing them and then was told to reformat my hard drive to remove them and download the correct drivers from the website.Then the machine worked well for about 2 years.I sure wish I 'd have read all the reviews before I purchased a bunch of ink last month.I was having some difficulty with paper jambs that started a few months ago and then the magenta ink stopped printing.I noticed those problems mentioned a several times before in reviews . Like I said ... another victim.I will take everyone 's advice ... time to look for a different brand and do n't waste my time trying to get it fixed .
 This is the worst printer I have ever used . It 's noisy , slow , color reproduction has deteriorated badly . Now , it has `` machine error 41 '' , and they 're telling me it will be $ 150 to fix . It is slightly beyond warranty , and Brother will do nothing even though this error has been rampant and looks like a result of poor quality control on their part.About the best use I can think of for this piece of trash is `` BOAT ANCHOR '' .
 Perhaps I got a lemon , I do n't know . It keeps telling me that I 'm out of black even though I 'm not . When I put a new black in , it says I 'm out of black still , then it wo n't let me print at all anymore . I bought just a year ago . Ink is expensive . For that one year I had it it was a good printer . I guess one has to buy a printer every year , I do n't know .
 This was our first purchase of a multifunction machine so maybe my expectations were too high , but this machine is awful . The paper jams constantly ! We waste so many checks/paper because of this problem . Also , the ink needed to be replaced a couple of months after we bought it and it 's not like we use it 24/7 or anything . I did just notice someone else wrote about the fact that you ca n't use the machine at all if one of the ink cartridges -LRB- there are 4 -RRB- are out of ink . We found this out the hard way while we were trying to print things that needed to go out the following morning . The print quality is n't good either . i have to do the self cleaning process very frequently as the print is very streaky.I would caution anyone buying this machine ...
 The price is cheap for a reason . You 'll be luckey to get a year out of it . Mine lasted 15 months . Was in shop once . Now dead . Printer head problems with this model . See other newsgroups .
 After using this machine for several months , it flashed the need for all three color cartridges . It still had black ink , but -LRB- as I discovered at their website -RRB- this machine will not print if ANY one ink cartridge needs replacement . It appears that cartridges have a microchip that prevents refill and reuse , and `` knows '' when you re-insert old cartridge .
 Pros
 I bought this machine over a year ago and I have finally had it . Every time I want to use it I have to clean it . Sometimes I have to clean it multiple times and I 'm still not satisfied with the print quality . Its a huge waste of time and money . The replacement cartridges are not cheap . I do n't print a huge volume but I 'm constantly having to replace since all the ink is used up on the print quality check sheet . I 've printed out enough of those print check sheet to wallpaper a room . I never had this problem with my HP and the ink seemed to last more than twice as long.I saw this problem in the reviews before I bought but was swayed by the number of good reviews . I have n't had any problems with jams or using it with XP though . Scanner and fax are both easy to use . Just wish I could get a decent print quality out of it .
 As stated in another review , PAPER JAMS in this machine all the time ! I was sent a replacement machine to rectify the issue but that one is now jamming as much as the first one did . When I called customer service , a manager told me that he would not send me an upgraded model , that there is no design problem , and that there have been no other complaints . However a customer service rep said they made a part to fix the problem -LRB- the problem that does n't exist ! -RRB- and I would receive it in 5-8 days . When I demanded he send the part overnight he said I would have to pay for it ! I strongly caution against buying this machine , and if you buy another Brother product , good luck with their customer service .
 This was n't the bargain I hoped it would be . For starters , it has four individual color print cartridges with the idea that you only have to change the color that has run out . The problem ? My machine does n't tell me when/if a cartridge is low or out . I have learned that when all of the print turns green and then a few jobs later the machine spits out blank pages that it may be time to change all of the cartridges!I 've had EXCEPTIONALLY poor print quality since day one -LRB- which was left unresolved with a call to customer service help , although they were nice -RRB- , and an EXCEPTIONAL number of paper jams -LRB- although they are more easily cleared than my old HP -RRB- . The most frustrating aspect is that now neither my fax nor the PC fax feature is working . I am on Amazon right now to buy a new printer/all in one , and realized I should post a quick review to save someone else the trouble of buying this thing . I gave it two stars just because the price is so low . But if I knew then what I know now , I would have paid three times as much for a multi-function that functions !
 I thought I 'd found a deal on this printer , as it is cheaper than a comparable HP model , the ink costs less , and the scanner resolution is higher . I was seduced by the built-in flatbed scanner , color fax capability , and color copying.Now I know why this multi-function big-foot is cheaper . First , the footprint is gigantic , and second , it may have some great features -LRB- not all of which I got around to testing out -RRB- , but it ca n't handle the basics
 I do n't usually take the time to leave reviews , but this printer drives me nuts and I have to talk about it!I 'm with the dude who pulled an `` Office Space '' on it and went to it with a sledgehammer . I 've not yet encountered the errors and print head issues others mention . Just daily use of the thing -LRB- which I try to avoid -RRB- is insane . Eats about 5 pages of paper per printed page , makes this god awful screaching sound when it 's out of paper ... then makes an overly long beep confirming the lack of paper . The printer consumes ink by the barrel and disables half the features if it runs out of one particular color.I want my old Apple LaserWriter 16/600 back -LRB- over 10 years old , 10,000 + pages printed and it never failed me -RRB- ... never should have gotten rid of it .
 I , too , got the infamous error 41 , and called the number the other reviewer listed -LRB- Brother -RRB- and they told me I had to take it to a service center for repair , that it was not covered at all since it was out of warranty . It has become a large doorstop now , since its replacement cost is far less than the repair cost . Even before the death error , it had such poor print quality and needed constant cleaning cycles that it was frustrating at best to use this machine . Maybe if it was used constantly it would keep itself clean , but I only used it for a couple pages per month . I would highly recommend staying away from Brother .
 A waste of money . I should have known better than to buy an inkjet printer . The quality is terrible .
 Printer was not heavily used but still consumed large quantities of ink . Print quality was satisfactory to begin with but deteriorated within the year . Head cleaning did not help correct the problem . I was advised by brother to replace the ink cartridges which I did . This did not resolve the problem and I began receiving the dreaded error 41 code . Upon calling brother I was informed the print head was likely bad and that the printer was out of warranty . I was given the name and # of two service reps each of which indicated this had been a common problem . I was quoted head replacement at $ 150 - $ 200 . Needless to say I now have a somewhat expensive boat anchor . No more brother products for me !
 i have never owned a printer that jammed so much in my life.photo quality is good , but S L O W and you MUST babysit the paper feed.brother really lost credibility with this one ...
 I have consistently had problems with my 5100c since purchase . The color prints -LRB- especially photo quality -RRB- are ALWAYS lackluster and NEVER appear balanced with perpetual grain and mixed colors . I resigned ultimately to using it for occassional black/white copies and printing since the colors -LRB- even when I did n't print color -RRB- would dry up quickly , especially Magenta . At last , -LRB- and , of course , only after just purchasing new color cartridges -RRB- I suffered the dreaded `` Error 41 '' . What kind of machine tells you to `` Unplug and call Brother '' . I did a quick google search to try to remedy the problem at home and found a fountainhead of disgust with this machine and a majority of all other BROTHER products from thousands of other purchasers . There is no way around the error except ponying up to buy a new printerhead -LRB- at basically the price of the printer new -RRB- or begging/pleading to have Brother replace it for you . It 's a piece of -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB- , and now I have the excuse to drop it from my rooftop . Do n't buy this machine or other Brother products if you know what 's best for you .
 Dreaded error code 41 and I have no way to do anything . This MFC is a total piece of junk and I rue the day I was stupid enough to buy it.In some ways I am happy it died because now I will go out and buy a decent machine from a reliable company that cares about their customers and their image.GOOD BYE Brother . May your stock drop to zero and your rip-off company go down the tubes .
 I bought my Brother MFC-5100c about 21/2 years ago , and used it very moderately during that time . The print quality was never that great , and towards the end it just got worse . Finally , I got an Error 41 message , and I knew the unit was toast.From what I gather , Error 41 indicates only a print-head failure , but disables the whole machine . It is especially vexing , then , that I can not send outgoing faxes or do any scanning , despite the fact that those subsystems are not broken at all . I 'm thinking of moving to a desktop-size laser printer , and would rather not have to spend extra money on a new scanner or fax -- but it looks like I must.Error 41 seems to be a frequent failure across the Brother MFC line , and the inability to use the remaining functions strikes me as a poor design choice on their part.If you want quick , sharp printing , long life and reliable operation , it would seem to be best to look elsewhere .
 bought this unit for my 76 year old mother . What a piece of crap this thing turned out to be 1 year down the road . Printer stops printing magnetta , despite three different cartridges being tried . Cleaned the heads etc. . Additionally , their printer drivers are the worst I 've ever seen . They utilize 100 % CPU through some sort of polling mechanism and cause excessive disk thrashing too . STAY AWAY !
 I bought this printer , every time the black ink runs out , I put in a new cartridge . Then it still says `` Black Empty '' and will not let you print . I had it into the shop twice already and could of bought a way better printer now for what I 've spent . They replace the print head at $ 125 each time I replace a black cartrige . Plan to spend $ 125 + another $ 20 each time the black runs out .
 I bought this machine to replace an old HP deskJet and was sorry I did . It advertises `` designed for Windows XP '' on the box , but the software bundled with it is not compatible with XP at all . What are they thinking at Brother ?? I called Brother Technical Support to sort out exactly what `` designed for Windows XP '' means to them . I quickly discovered their tech support does not know the difference between a driver and a utility . Where do they find these ... ?? The tech support person promised to call me back the next day and let me know what software I would need to give this unit full capability under Windows XP -LRB- I was mainly concerned with OCR software and was willing to buy it at my expense -RRB- . Their technical support never called me back . I guess they either ca n't operate a phone or maybe they just wanted to avoid the un-answerable question . I returned it and bought an HP 6110 instead . It is a much more solid machine and does not need to have support right out of the box . I guess you get exactly what you pay for .
 We had a 5100C for approximately 21/2 years when it started giving the infamous Error 41 message described by others below . Apparently it is related to either a fatal print head problem or one of the motors burning out . We did like the price at the time and all the functions that came with the machine , but the slightly over two year product lifetime seems a very short time for how relatively infrequently we used it -LRB- it was our backup printer , mainly getting use as a fax , scanner , and copier -RRB- . It is extremely disappointing that the 41 problem is so well known and Brother refuses to correct it once the product is out of warranty , which is right around the time 41 starts to happen to most owners . We replaced our 5100C with a Canon PIXMA 780 , and will never buy another Brother product again .
 I am not happy with MFC5100C . I do think Brother should recall this product especially because of its infamous error 41 . I had mine replaced by Brother having had error 41 within warranty period . It happened again and it 's beyond warranty . I called Brother and surprisingly I can send it for repair `` at no cost '' . Well , I gave them feedback how the error 41 has created distrust amongst users based on my Internet research . Having the same problem and it is beyond warranty ? Call 18002767746 -LRB- you may get other numbers from brother.com -RRB- . Get your Serial Number ready . Good Luck .
 I bought this printer in 8/03 because I liked the flatbed/feed feature and the separate ink cartridges . The salesperson warned me that Brother machines were known to have frequent paper feed problems . I crossed my fingers and flashed the plastic . The scanner works great and the print quality is okay . The machine is quite noisy printing . Turned out that all the ink cartridges tended to run out about the same time -- so much for convenience . Paper jams became more of a problem the longer I owned the unit . Recently one color no longer would print regardless of how many times I cleaned the head . Now I have an ERROR 41 message requiring me to bring the unit in for repair . Brother C/S was very nice -LRB- after a 15 min . wait to talk to a rep -RRB- and immediately offered to have the unit repaired gratis . I 'm shopping for a new printer .
 We 've owned this machine for two years now . It has never worked well . The feeder for the fax seems as if it is a bit too small and paper jams all the time . The problem is that it does n't stop trying to pull it through , instead it totally eats and ruins your document . The paper holder in the back always jams . I 'd say 1 in 10 times it works without a paper jam . -LRB- Not to mention it makes the most annoying loud beep when it jams , which seems like all the time . -RRB- It often sucks in too many pages , like 20 too many . The print quality was good for the first month and quickly declined . It seems the heads clog constantly . It uses a lot of ink and takes a long time to clean them . Then it still does n't look better . Despite changing inks and cleaning heads , I still ca n't print color pictures and have the colors be close to the right look . Let 's see ... what else ... the inks are fairly expensive and tend to run out rather quickly.Now my machine has an `` error 41 '' which is another way to say `` toss me out now '' . After doing much research it seems this machine gets this error standardly around 14 months of age . -LRB- A class action suit is being looked into for this problem -RRB- It seems to be that the print head needs to be replaced . I 've tried cleaning mine and resetting the machine as some techs have suggested , but it wo n't work still . The new head costs from $ 150-300 . So , it 's time to toss the machine . If your considering this machine ... bad idea .
 I rated this a 1 star because a Zero star was not available . I too had the infamous machine death code 41 . I call it the `` the lease on your machine has expired , please deposit another $ 200 dollars into our pockets '' reminder . Do they think users are that stupid . There is no way to correct this other than buy another printer of another brand . Stay away from big BROTHER , Beware , Bewaaaaaare . I do n't print with this machine to often so my ink catridges had to be constantly cleaned or thrown away . I bought this because it was an all in one . I wanted to save space . I did more faxing and scanning than printing . I enjoyed the machine until I got the code of death . The machine was unusable afterwards . How could they design such a stupid fail condition into their product . You ca n't fax or scan when the code comes up which is related to print head , a poor design feature . They tied the reliability of they 're whole machine on the quality of one part . A recipe for corporate disaster.I will never buy a Brother product ever , ever , ever . I went back to my old HP and Epson printers . They 're older but they still work . Will somebody please tell Brother that you do n't design printers the same way you build typewriters !!!!! Before I threw my MFC5100C into the trash , I took my sledgehammer and smashed it to pieces . Gee , it felt good to get that out of my system .
 It is the Error 41 that one of the previous reviewers mentions that makes this a terrible product . I bought two of these - one for two separate locations . One came up with ERROR 41 within about 3 months - Brother replaced it at no charge . Within a year the other one came up with ERROR 41 - it was past warranty - and now the one they replaced has ERROR 41 . The price is not worth it . I have no trust in Brother .
 Well I thought I really must add my 10 cents worth here . We purchased our machine in Dec 03 , now July 04 we are on our 4th machine due to issues with the various original and replacement machines . Initially machine works great , OK print quality , cheap ink replacement , sheet feeder works great , scanner OK . We just use for general stuff nothing fancy or photos . Letters and customer invoices , probably around 150-200 pages a week . 2 months working fine , then suddenly I get an error ` machine error 41 '' and message to call Brother . We are a computer repair , so are quit familiar with the usual printer/computer issues , done all the usual stuff with no avail . Called Brother , yes just like other comments all our dealings with them the techs are very nice . Well machine was replaced , quickly -LRB- 48hrs -RRB- with another refub , Seems to print OK 2 weeks later , find scanner not working correctly , faxing full black pages to clients , printing full black pages hers . Back to tech support , same deal very nice replaced printer . This one scans OK , but is jamming on more than one sheet of paper in the feeder . Managed to clear that up after a few hours finding little cloth threads etc in the rollers . But the sheet feeder can only use one at a time , multiple pages feed through 2 or three at a time . Not a big deal do n't use it very often so can live with it . Since my initial error the local Brother repair tech tells me the error 41 is pretty common and means the print heads need replacing . Well here we are replacement machine worked great for 3 months , now we are back around top error 41 again . I like this machine but would never recommend to anybody now . Reliability is very , very low . We ran a HP 720c for over 5 years , wore the poor thing out alomost -LRB- it is still working though noisy -RRB- . Having need of scanner/fax deal we thought we were upgrading . I 'll not buy a Brother again reliability is not an attribute of these machines .
 I bought the MFC-5100C about 6 months ago when the price was around $ 250 . Today , you can get one for around $ 110 . Mine worked OK except for the paper jams -LRB- about 1 out of 30 sheets -RRB- until I ran out of yellow and magenta ink . I replaced the cartridges , cleaned the print heads and it never has printed again . Please , Please do n't waste your money even if the price goes down to $ 10 - go buy some lottery tickets .
 By its own admission , Brother shipped this product to dealers with a critical part missing . The result is that about 25 % of all pages jam when printing thereby resulting in waste and extreme frustration . When I called Customer Service to voice my dissatisfaction , I was assured that Brother would over-night the part to me . Naturally , the part did not arrive . When I called back I was told that the part was on back order and the rep could not provide any e.t.a.If you want to buy this product , make sure that the part is included .
 Given the positive reviews I 've seen , I must have gotten a lemon . Had some minor print quality issues in the first year , solved with the surprisingly helpful tech support . Once the warranty expired , however , I 've had one problem after another . First it stopped printing in black at all , requiring me to throw out a brand new cartridge and buy another new one to solve the problem . Both paper feeders -LRB- top document feed and back paper feeder -RRB- jam fully 80 % of the time . Now goes through ink very quickly . Next time will spend a little more for a better quality machine .
 I cant believe how bad this printer is . My husband purchased it off of QVC -LRB- our first and probably only purchse there -RRB- late Dec 03 . In two months the ink was not coming through the clear plastic tubes . This printer has hardly been used , it only gets used fot my high school daughter 's school work and occasional use by the rest of the family . I would guess that we have only printed 500 pages and now we have an error 41 which means replace print heads for $ 125 . I would n't spend 1.25 to replace something on this dissapointing office machine . Next time my husband and I will do research before buying another printer . The one we donated to charity still worked fine after 5 years . -LRB- just had less features -RRB- It was an HP deskjet product . I think we will check into HP products again . BUYER BEWARE OF BROTHER MULTIFUNTION CENTER MFC4820
 If only I had read the reviews I would have Known the USB cable is not in the box ... . How do they expect ya to be able to install and begin using this product right away . Its bad enough I can not find the slot to put all the ink cartridges but to know that even when I figure that out I still will not be able to use this till I locate and purchase a cable . . After saying a -LRB- few choice words -RRB- I decided all I can say is smluck Just My kind of LUCK ...
 Really I am writing to see if the person that wrote the review about part missing , could explain what part was missing .
 I have owned mine for 1 and 1/2 years . Error 41 for a 3rd time ! Also Brother increase the cost to replace the print head to $ 59.95 ! Rip off !
 I have two of these machines and both are broken within a year of use . On onc colors do n't print and on the other I get `` machine error 41 '' . Called Brother and they looked up the serial number to say that it was out of warranty . What crap . They look at the date of manufacture as the starting of warranty . Does this mean the machine is manufactured in an instant when someone walks into a store ? Avoid Brother at all costs . Customer service is poor . They find escuses to not give you service and much needed warranty support . Both of my machines are sitting in junkyard within a year of use .
 I bought 2 Brother printers in the last year for my office , a 5100c and 5200c multifunction respectively . Neither one of them made it more that 9 months before the dreaded Error 41 occured . These are not the only model printers from brother that experience this god awful problem . While , as an IT guy , I could never recommend an HP computer for anything other than a paper weight , I can easily say it would be a very good idea to purchace an HP printer over a Brother anything on any given day of the week . Avoid these products like the plague , unless you enjoy wasting money on flawed product that will need to be replaced sooner rather than later . If i had the option , i would give this NO stars at all .
 This printers quality is low , even on higher settings.After 5 pages of prints , printouts are fuzzy with speckles all over . The ink usage is insane , we 've already spent the cost of this printer on ink.Installing was a bit difficult , because a key part I needed would not automatically install . I called customer support and they talked me through , but unless you 're a computer guru you would be cluless.Faxing , scanning and copying are okay.I highly do no recommend this product , unless you want constant stress .
 if you WANT to be able to just use black only you can put black electrical tape over your empty cartridges on the `` front '' of them . It 's the part that faces you when the cartridges are in the machine and . Put the tape from the label -LRB- where it has the bend in the cartridge -RRB- up to close to the top and the laser that the machine uses will no longer detect an empty cartridge .
 This product adheres to a maxim of `` you want it bad , you get it bad . '' Cost was the driving factor on the purchase of this product.We bought an original 5100 at just shy of $ 200 ... seemed like a great price for what the reviews of the time were saying . That was earlier this year . Almost immediately following the initial set up the print quality went out to lunch . First the black had streaks then the magenta went . Then the paper feeder trashed about 60 % of the paper supply -LRB- paper was of good quality , did n't skimp there . -RRB- Spoke with Brother repeatedly about the print quality . Found out that the ink cartridges that are shipped with the product from the factory were n't designed as the full capacity refills one buys after the sale ... just enough to get you up and running.Brother 's manual shows a setting to help alleviate the paper crunch we were experiencing . The change did diminish the number of paper jams , but surely did n't eliminate them.The replacement printer also had print head problems . No quantity of cleaning of the print head mitigated the problem.Brother 's support for Mac OS X is weak at best . I know that they just updated the twain driver and the printer driver , but I run into problems with both my machines . One , granted , is an older G3 w/o built in USB support , the other is a Powerbook . The Powerbook printing seemed to work decently once the drivers were upgraded ... still with the print head problem though . The tower , despite not having a problem with any other USB device and the printer are n't connecting , although the tower recognized the printer selected on the Powerbook and sent the jobs to the Powerbook ... perhaps its a setting that I 've overlooked somewhere , but Mac use is pretty simple.I ca n't get the twain drivers recognized by either Photoshop or Adobe Acrobat by either machine . No scanning capabilities . Again , I do n't think that this is my fault or a missed setting.I did see that somebody else said the Mac drivers worked ... perhaps for him/her , not for me.The MFC-5100C did a pretty decent job , speedwise , with both color and black and white copying . If you go into the copying action with the realistic understanding that you 're using a lower end inkjet to do the copying you wo n't be let down ... providing your print head works . This was based on the print head working the first couple of days.The sheet feeder works , without jams , quite well . and the cover lifts for larger objects such as big books/maps/your kids face -LRB- you never know what they 'll try to copy -RRB- . Overall I 'd say avoid this product . The print head , a critical piece for the multi-function part of the MFC product , is just lousy . The cost for the ink replacement , something I should 've researched a bit better , is substantial . The paper jams are irritating to the extreme . The support for Mac users is weak at best.I 'm sure that there are better uses for your $ 110 today . Light a cord of wood with the singles ... you 'd get better productivity . Happy Holidays
 Years in the IT industry and much experience with Brother MFCs going back years . Always recommended their products -- until now . Got the dreaded `` Machine Error 41 '' on my MFC3420C . And it eats ink like crazy , even when not used -LRB- cleaning function -RRB- -- very expensive . Another lousy feature is that if you are out of any of the three colors of ink -LRB- magenta , cyan , yellow -RRB- , then you can not print in black , even when you have plenty of black ink . So even when you never use color , you still must regularly buy and replace colored ink.Stay away from Brother . They used to be a quality company , but no more . There are other more reliable MFCs out there .
 Do a google search for Brother Error 41 and it will tell the whole story . Stay away from this item . Run fast ... very , very fast ! I will never , ever buy another Brother product for my home or work office ever again . Buyers Beware of Brother !!
 mine broke in 1 yr just when it was out of warranty . . poor design and quality ! print quality bad!sacnner is the only saving grace !
 Look at all of the reviews below - Error 41 - I have had 2 in the last 9 months - each time the units are replaced by brother with units that have been refurbished -LRB- Probably error 41 -RRB- . Unless you have more time on your hands then you need and reliability is not an issue , get something else . For all of us that have already been ripped off - someday a class action suit must be in the cards !
 I bought this as a replacement for my other voice recorder that I lost in school . The sound quality is very inferior compared to my old Olympus . It is advertised as stereo but there is only one mic input . So , what you hear in your left ear is the same as in your right , no stereo imagery . Plus , Sony 's DVF file sucks . You can only play it on the Windows Media Player , but only if you downloaded the included plug-in . My old Olympus 's output are WMA files . So everywhere I go , I can use any PC with Windows Media Player to listen to my files .
 My unit keeps losing its connection to the base . The instructions for reregistering do n't always work . On several occasions , I 've had to remove the battery from the handset to reset it .
 Memorox expected me to pay for the shipping of this phone , which has not worked since we bought it for my daughter for Christmas . Toys rus wo n't exchange it either because I do n't have the recipt and they have only a 30 day return policy on electronics . Its would more to ship this phone , then for what I paid for it . I will never buy another mexmorex prouduct again .
 First I need to say , that it is what you pay for ... This is a cheap product with a cheap performance . In addition to that , please take care because the ink drops ruining all it stains.Bottom line , you might want to spend double the money and get something that works and does not ruin your shoes , and carpet . Please do not get me wrong . I buy many cheap stuff that works as cheap as they are , but , at least they do what they are meant without harming any other thing . This is cheap marker that does not mark well enough , and ruins your things , The reason I give this marker 1 star is because it is not possible to give 0 stars to it . -LRB- -1 star would be accurate -RRB- Regards , and take care .
 The base is to light . Answer phone and base slides with reciver . The phone is complicated to program and i got so frustated with it . I donated it to a charity .
 I chose this product , because I thought the material might help keep my laptop cooler than the current bean bag style lap desk . The good news is that it does , and for that reason I like it . I also like how the c-curve design , rigid material , and elastic laptop strap help protect my laptop when traveling , even though it does n't completely encase the laptop -LRB- which would be ideal -RRB- . There is one feature about this product that I would really like to change , though ! I would love for the platform to be taller . The current design does not provide a good viewing angle for me when placed in my lap . I have to angle my head too far down to work comfortably on my computer with this thing -LRB- it only elevates the back of my laptop by about 2-3 inches -RRB- . It would work much better if the curled end of the platform could somehow fold into different positions so that you could -LRB- 1 -RRB- adjust the angle of elevation to make it more ergonomic and -LRB- 2 -RRB- better conform it to the size of your laptop when traveling . -LRB- Right now , I could probably fit a 1-1/2 inch binder in addition to my laptop inside the curved area of the platform -RRB- . My other suggestion for improving this laptop platform would be to provide a larger base of support for it , to make it more stable and add additional laptop protection when traveling . As you can see in the picture , the platform rests on the small c-curved end and the opposite edge . This design makes it less stable than the bean bag surface I 'm used to using on my lap -- although it is fine for use on a flat surface like a desk , table , or the floor.I 'm thinking about attaching a rectangular foam or gel wrist rest -LRB- or something -RRB- to the bottom of the curved part of the platform , to give it more height and stability . I really want to like this thing ! I think it is a good concept with a novel design , but Allsop 's Cool Channel Platform needs some adjustments to become more functional .
 My HP notebook gets very hot in the lower left area . This product only shields your legs from the heat , but it does not actually cool down the computer , nor does it disperse the heat throughout the surface as claimed by some reviewers . Well , maybe it cools down the computer by 1 degree Fahrenheit ... Get a fan-based cooler if your computer gets really hot or you turn on your laptop all the time.The only good thing about this product is the angle of elevation , which is very comfortable for typing , so this product can only be a good stand , not a good cooler .
 I purchased this item thinking , based on description and reviews , that it would work with my 18 '' HP . That was not true . As soon as I put the laptop on it , it started to tip over .
 This unit is a toy . It is not built for real work even a light load . As another reviewer mentioned it is a film hog and that gets expensive . The gears inside are cheap plastic and it has trouble grabbing a sheet of paper to print a fax , then it follows that mishap with an annoying beeping sound.The reviewer who gave this thing 5 stars must be employed by Panasonic and was ordered to write that lame review.Panasonic 's support number is always busy and I too have lost my receipt . So now I sit with a useless ... fax machine that ca n't receive a fax.Absolute JUNK . Do n't waste your time and money , you will be disappointed and frustrated .
 Bought this fax machine for our small office and aftr 2 weeks a little pin that holds the cover broke and I can not read faxes , they wrote a fax support line in the fax and is always busy , I lost the receipt so I can not exchange it , ... Uses a ton of print film , -LRB- expensive -RRB- I will rather use my computer fax instead ...
 I agree with those that classify this as a `` piece of junk '' ! A small tab on the left side broke off and the lid does not close properly . This is part of the entire bottom assembly which is is one piece molded plastic . The part is -LSB- an amount -RSB- but Panosonic tech people say it 's almost impossible to replace unless you have training . They will fix it for -LSB- an amount -RSB- . plus shipping . What a deal . Ray Ferrari
 This is a decent machine marred by serious build problems . The quality of faxes sent & received is fine for a home office machine and the array of features is also fine . My problem is with the poor build quality of this unit . Unlike most Panasonic products which are generally durable , the construction quality of this machine is below par . I have experienced the same paper feed problem referred to by other reviewers whereby the machine thinks it is out of paper and asks you to move the flimsy lever to restart printing . It beeps loudly and annoyingly until you do this . My next fax will not be a Panasonic .
 I 'd give it a zero star if I could ... it chokes on faxes with lots of text on the page . A worthless machine unless you are sure you will be receiving pages which do not have much text .
 I bought this fax in spite of all the bad reviews I read here and on other sites . After two weeks of very gentle use the paper got jammed while receiving a fax . I made sure that the paper is straight in the tray , and that the pages are free to move , but it did n't help . Now it gets jammed every time I receive a fax!Bottom line
 Programming instructions provided reference an expired manual . The new manual has changed page numbers , equations , and equation forms making this program guide useless.The technical support number provided is a fax number and the email address is returned as undeliverable.Amazon should be ashamed . **** Once I contaced the seller through Amazon and convinced them of the problem , they identified a printing error that caused older manuals to ship as current . Once the problem was identified , a current manual was promptly provided . I would upgrade my rating to four stars , reserving one because of the delay in my test prep .
 The calculator they ship under this item number is not the view screen calculator . It is simply a TI-73 that can be purchased at this price in many places . I should have known that the price was too good to be true . I will not do business with this company again .
 No matter who I am talking to on this phone , they are not able to hear me very well . I get a lot of `` I can barely hear you . '' , `` Sounds like you are n't talking into the receiver . '' , etc. . . I have had many people complain about this and I make sure to talk loud and directly into the receiver but it does n't help . Frustrating since I have an at home business .
 I bought this phone because I needed a cordless phone/answering machine combo without a lot of fancy extras . In less than one month the answering machine portion is dead - no power , will not work , completely broken . Do not waste your money .
 Worked good until the handset audio quality all of the sudden became very poor overnight . Sent it to GE/Thomson -LRB- after a very lengthy drilling by them by phone -RRB- on my dime and 8 wks later was told they had no replacement and 3 wks later was given a refund . Not fair and wont buy their phones again .
 I wanted an inexpensive phone for my kitchen . Sadly , with this phone , you get what you pay for . The call quality is very poor . It has a lot of static - sounds like you 're in a tunnel . Also , after 1 year , the caller ID display failed . Now you can only see bits and pieces of words and numbers . There is no way to obtain a number of a missed call if the caller did n't leave a message.To summarize , save your money and buy another phone .
 Typically I try to make the best out of everything however , this phone has help me realize I can not do that for every thing ... . This phone sucked ! I have had way better phones for the same price . I am sorry but it was not worth my money . I purchased this phone for work at home related usage , It had not headset jack on it and so I was not able to use it for work at all . I hope someone else find it helpful may use it in a child 's room .
 I recently purchased this phone and answering system on clearance at Staples , thinking that I had gotten a great deal . Unfortunately , the quality of the answering system is poor , so that we can hardly understand what many folks are saying when they leave messages . Also , it takes a few seconds for the phone to turn on after pressing the `` Talk '' button , which is an annoyance . We 're still glad to have this phone as an upgrade over the dying phone that it replaced , but I was definitely hoping for a better quality phone , with the ability to record clear messages . Is that too much to ask ?
 I could not read the screen very will . and did not come with a belt clip ?
 It looked good -- but when I plugged it in , the charge light would n't stop flashing . I unplugged it -- did all the things customer service told me to do -- no luck . Now it wo n't take my message retrieval code.And I ca n't find the box with the warranty
 I bought these for my class to use on lapboards . We have used them about four times and half of them are not working any more .
 These leave a nasty residue if the writing is left for more than a day or two and the quality of the writing is still pretty weak . I tried them on normal d/e boards , mirrors and windows and on each surface they were pretty transparent and hard to read.I generally like Bic products , but this is one I wo n't buy again
 The colors were n't really clear and looked almost transparent . They were shipped on time but I would not recommend , also it takes a while to erase from a whiteboard .
 Do n't order these if you were looking for colors outside the `` regular '' basic ones . The photo shown is deceiving . Colors are from the basic color wheel - bright red , blue , green , Purple , orange , black . There are no browns - as shown . I am sure the markers are fine - but was very excited thinking there were colors `` outside the box '' . Nope .
 These should be advertised as chiseled point . Similar point to a Bic sharpie . Point limits the info that can written on the reusable wine tags .
 The markers do n't work well . They write like they 're dried out ; you could barely see the text/writing . These are going back .
 I bought these to replace my old toxic-smelling , fat-tipped , dry-erase markers . I use these to write reminders to myself on the bathroom mirror , so I thought these would be a great replacement . They are not . The ink coverage is not opaque , so you can hardly read what you 've written . The black one is the most visible , but even so it is still quite watery looking .
 Markers worked at first . Red is now completely dried out/not working.Green is not very good - Black and Blue ok .
 Simply terrible , I was able to use only one pen of the 4 that came in the pack . All the others clogged and would not work within a few days of use . Never buying Bic again .
 This pen ruined my favorite pair of shorts ! Seriously.Yes , it writes nicely , although maybe a little too fluidly.But it has a tiny cap that does n't snap on as easily as most gel pens I have used . I much prefer my old Pentel Engergel . I had only bought the bic z4 + because I was at a store that did not sell the Pentel brand.I have been using gel pens for my current job for over 6 years and the following has never happened until I used the bic z4 + : This Z4 + ended up destroying my favourite pair of shorts , because the cap had not snapped on properly . And even though the pen was not `` leaking , '' per se -LRB- it was not broken -RRB- , it still leaks if you have the cap off and it is pressing against something . In this case , that something was the bottom of my pocket.It ended up leaking all over my pocket . When I got home my leg was black underneath my shorts . I could n't believe how much it leaked , especially considering the pen had not broken ! I could n't fully get the stain out with the two kinds of stain removers i tried in two seperate washes . And unfortunately the stain removers faded my shorts . Or one of them did . So I 'm not too happy with Bic right now . Or Oxiclean & Spray n Wash Oxymax -LRB- the two stain removers i tried -RRB- . Grr ! I wonder if i can sue Bic over this?If you think you can be really careful to make sure the cap is always on , then by all means use this pen , but otherwise I would use the Pentel Energel.Pentel EnerGel Deluxe RTX Gel Ink Pens , 0.7 Millimeter Metal Tip , Black Ink , 3-Pack -LRB- BL77BP3A -RRB-
 This is a bit picky , I 'm a big fan of the Z4 + .5 mm in black , so I was interested in the blue . I 'm really disappointed they made the physical pen color so light blue , when its the same dark blue/purple ink you can get in any pen . I ordered the pack because I wanted some non-black pens that were n't the same dreary color as regular `` blue '' pens.I feel BIC was a little deceptive in the bright blue design of the pen . Yes , this is a bit quirky , but I wish they 'd not try to present it as a different color than standard pen ` blue ' . It writes fine though , like the Z4 + .5 mm line .
 TNT needs to update their site with amazon.com advising that they do not currently carry this product . I purchased on 2/14/2012 , and received an email notice on 2/15 advising my order had been canceled because the `` item is out of stock ; if you 're still interested in this item , please search for it again on amazon.com . ''
 I was not pleased with this product in person . The picture makes it look like it is more of a matte finish , which is more appropriate for business uses . I also was hoping the folders would fit within a 9x12 envelope which they did n't . Since size was n't mentioned in the description , I had no way of knowing .
 The hitch I received did not have the twist knob to attach , just a flimsy piece of metal that wrapped around the seat stem and is held by a pin ... as you can imagine , it was bent within a few days , and I not have to attach the trailer to my bike 's pannier racks.If you can find something else to work as a hitch , I would go with it instead .
 I ordered three of these binders and all three started to fall apart during the first day of use . The plastic coverings split and exposed the cardboard underneath . I am very disappointed in the quality of these binders .
 I bought this for the colors other than yellow . The pink and blue pens are okay , but the green and orange -LRB- the colors I actually wanted and bought this pack for -RRB- are way too dark . They bleed through standard printer paper and notebook pages and make the other side of the page a mess , and also make it difficult to read the highlighted words . Would n't recommend this for people who actually want to be able to read what they highlight , or keep notes neat and tidy .
 Are highlighters old school ? Maybe , but I like them . I 've been using Sharpie Accents for years . I was attracted to the Brite Lighters because a -RRB- they have a nice selection of colors and b -RRB- I 've always found Bic to be a solid , reputable brand . But these highlighters are terrible ! And I did n't just end up with a bad batch . The ink literally runs out within a week or two of useand one is stuck with a dried up non-usable marker . I must admit I 'm surprised , because Bic pens have always been fairly reliable -- but it 's back to Sharpies for me .
 I got these highlighters because I am in school and need to differentiate different parts of what I am reading . After using them only a few times , most of them have started to leak from the tip and get highlighter ink all over my hands ! I 've resorted to carrying around a napkin in my pencil bag with me so I can wipe them off before I use them in order to avoid the mess . Because they 're so cheap I wo n't bother to return them , but when these run out , I 'll be spending the few extra dollars for some highlighters that wo n't leave my hands looking like I just went finger painting .
 The yellow is fine , but the remaining colors are pretty cheap . The orange is a bit too dark to be called a highlighter , more like crossing something out with an orange pen . For the price I paid , I guess its OK . Sharpe highlighers are a bit higher quality .
 I do n't expect highlighters to be super florescent but these do n't even make an attempt . Green and blue are way to dark and make the highlighted text difficult to read .
 Sometimes these will blot and be a little runny after being closed for awhile . They are not bad color wise , they just are messier than my Hi-Liter brand . I bought since they had blue , but I do n't think I would buy this brand again .
 Every one of the highlighters in this pack is leaking . Not leaking out all over everything , but when you take the lid off , the area of the highlighter that you hold while using it is covered in highlighter ink . It gets all over my hands.The other reviews seem positive , so maybe I just got a bad package - but either way , I 'm not happy about it .
 These particular BIC highlighters -LRB- in this particular single-color 12-highlighter configuration -RRB- run out of ink way faster than their other BIC brite liner highlighters -LRB- which also run out of ink way too fast -RRB- . Very disappointing . Source
 Returned it yesterday . Drains battery power within an hour or so of use . May be a quirk , may be a model deficiency . Have no idea which at this point .
 We have owned other Franklin products that have been great but this one falls short . The vocabulary is too limited and more times than not we ca n't even find the words from a basic 3rd or 4th grade spelling list . It is much faster to use the computer to look up words .
 If you need it for school , it will not help you out . Very limited science and medicine vocabulary . Invest your money on a more advance system .
 Did not live up to our expectations at all . We have the English version of this , worked great for my visually impaired daughter . On that one , she can type a word , and the device not only pronounces the word , but speaks the entire definition , and it speaks the various other games and activities . She she can basically interact with all the features , since she knows the keyboard.The Spanish-English does NOT work the same way . You type a word in English , `` cat '' , it says `` cat '' -LRB- which you already know how to say -RRB- . It prints `` gato '' on the lcd display , which is barely legible to a sighted person . It does NOT say `` gato '' or anything else . The manual says it can pronounce any highlighted word in a definition , but no words are ever highlighted ! It CAN say `` gato '' , if you type it in , but of course does not then say the English word `` cat '' . So it can not connect spoken English words with spoken Spanish words , and speaks no definitions . It only very minimally fulfils the `` talking '' part . So for us , it 's pretty useless , while its English counterpart was quite useful .
 product is good but a lot of words are not included which makes it unreliable source of information
 I guess I expected a Spanish/English translation dictionary . I typed SIR , MISTER , LOVER , and got no translation into Spanish for any of those words . Save your money , and do n't buythis product . Maybe other more expensive products are better , I am not going to find out.Anyway , for translations of most languages , I recommend you goto Google for translationsof words and also phrases , it is much much more superior than this device , with the addedbonus that Google translations are free .
 This device did not work according to how it was advertised . The words I put in for translation , were not compatible with what was in this device . Very simple words were not translated for me . This thing disappointed me very much .
 Worst piece of electronic garbage I 've ever purchased . Horrible voice quality . Never reviewed any item before , but had to warn against buying this .
 Transmitted voice quality is muffled and unclear , sibilants will be almost entirely missing -LRB- s 's , z 's , sh 's , zh 's , etc. -RRB- The speakerphone on the handset is even worse . Received sound is okay , but if you need to be easily understandable to your callers , do n't buy this unitEighteen -LRB- ! -RRB- programming steps are required each time you want to turn the handset ringer on or off.This telephone is obviously a toy designed for casual home use , certainly not for serious business .
 I bought this phone last night . Audio was choppy . Charged the battery overnight . Audio still choppy . Moved base unit . No difference . Replaced cables . No difference . Put my old phone , also a Panasonic gigarange , different model , back on line - to make sure it was n't a problem with my phone lines . It was n't . Exchanged the defective telephone for another this morning . The replacement was worse . Sound stutters rapidly making voices unintelligible . Snaps and pops too .
 I 've had 2 panasonic phones and they were excellent , but this phone was returned in less than 1 week . I went against some of the reviews and decided to try the phone because of my good past experiences with panasonic . I do n't know how this phone made it past quality control . The phone would suddenly decided not to ring and then ring on another five minutes later . We missed many calls and I found this to be an unreliable phone .
 The phone has very bad audio quality . There is too much cracking . The support just reset the phone using a combination of keys but that did not help .
 We had this phone for less than a month and the battery wo n't hold a charge for more than 24 hours , and this is with only about 30 minutes of talk time . I e-mailed panasonic customer service and got no response . Do n't bother wasting your money with this phone . Range seems good , but the only thing that 's good for is to get you to another phone because the battery is about to run out .
 Purschased this joke . The battery runs down after only one hour of continual use ! I called Panasonic C/S and they suggested that I box it up and send it back .
 Panasonic supposedly repaired my phone under warranty . The original would n't hold a charge for more than 15 minutes of talk time . I waited 2 + weeks for a replacement and it did n't work . Panasonic customer service was completely unresponsive and rude . I 've had great luck with their phones in the past , but despite great features , this one is a lemmon !
 Buy this phone if you want to use the phone for only 2 minutes , because after that the battery discharges .
 the KX-TG2267B is disappointing how after less than two years it 's buttons are now only working intermittently , and I have to order a new phone , as this is out of warranty , and I could n't get inside to clean the contacts.I 've had the other Panasonic model KX-TGA270S base station and handset for just slightly less time than this phone . The KX-TGA270S is a wonderful expandable unit . So I will order anothjer handset for that unit rather than make the mistake of buying this phone again.Anyone remember how phones in the 50s and 60s lasted as long as you used them ? Now with these cheap cordless phones we just expect that we have to replace them every few years ...
 It seems that there is a oproblemw ith the Panasonic battery . If you buy a generic one - it works fine . I bought 3 panasonic ones , all just a sbad - dies very suddenly
 I am an avid internet user , and ususally shop for discount items online . In this scenario , as of today 's date - September 25 , 2010 , I have still NOT received this item although I have paid for it . I will write to someone to receive a refund and would advise others NOT to purchase from this seller !
 I just ordered a new phone to replace this one . I 'm on my second battery , but the new battery still dies after just 45 minutes of talking . No beeping , no warning , just DEAD . I ca n't even make it through a one-hour conference call . Meanwhile , after 6-8 hours of charging , the battery is still dead . -LRB- The indicator says it 's charged , but it still fails to work . -RRB- Lately I spend most of my days talking on my cell phone instead . The speakerphone only works when the phone is out of the cradle , so when the phone dies you ca n't even use it in speakerphone mode . I just ordered a new phone -LRB- not a Panasonic -RRB- , and hopefully that model will be better .
 Discounting other negative reviews here , I went ahead and purchased this phone several months ago . A pretty little phone it is . And relatively easy to get up and running . BUT unless you a real phone `` techie '' and familiar with multiple menus and cursoring back and forth and up and down , this is not the phone to buy !
 i never got it !!!! and i reported a lot of times and no one answer back i think i loss my money here but worst is because i need badly because i cant use a normal phone because of my hearing loss ...
 This phone did not meet the needs of my 88 year old father in law.There was to much static and feedback when the volume was turned up to its highest level . It made it very difficult to hear the conversation at the other end . I returned this item for a different Clarity model .
 I bought this phone for an elderly relative who is both hard of hearing and has memory issues . While the phone does amplify adequately , it requires you to push a boost button every time you receive a call in order to turn on the amplification . This was not acceptable in our situation nor was it mentioned in the description of the product . I called the manufacturer and they told me that their higher end models have an override capability in which you can leave the amplification on permanently . This phone also does not have any speed dial buttons . I had to return this phone and get a different model .
 This phone sounds clear and works well except for the dialing . If you are not very careful to hit the buttons just right it enters the number when you push it in and when you release it . Sometimes have to dial several times to get the number to enter right .
 Very simply , the product is advertised as having a headset jack but has no such thing . The only reason I bought it was I was looking for an inexpensive corded phone with a headset jack , but now I will be returning it .
 Even though I do not have a hearing loss , I have to press the amplification button to hear the connection . The phone transmits too softly unless the amplification button is used . Also there is static and an echo on the line . The keypad does not engage smoothly . It could be the reason that I am experiencing wrong number connections - numbers not even close to what I thought I had dialed .
 I bought this phone for my elderly mother who has hearing problems . She has lots of problems using the phone . I happened to use it recently and had the same problems
 the phone is just ok . when i put the amplifier on , there is to much static to hear the other party
 I bought this phone for my mother . A great disappoint . Normal loudness was inadequate , and using the boost feature caused a squeel to develope . NOT RECOMMENDED .
 This is a piece of junk shredder . Had only a little while before it broke . Found out that the main drive gear is plastic and when it breaks , you are out of luck as no parts for these units are available . I suggest you look more before you buy this one .
 Received in 9 days and broken the following week ... Home Depot only gave 14 days return policy . now I was past their return policy date ... Poor service from Office Depot . . Tried to return to store but could not !! After much discussion I was able to have Home depot pickup and return ; but I purchase thru Amazon and now I do n't get the state tax credited to my account . .
 I have had this phone for a more than a year or two . This phone is mostly unusable.As a speakerphone it is a disaster . When set to maximum the volume is so low that the only value is to know when someone answers the phone after putting you on hold . Do n't try to talk to the other party on the speaker they will never hear you and often you will have to be within a couple of inches away to hear them , and for that matter the handset volume is so bad that many times I have to switch to another phone for the party at the other end of the line to understand me . It is also difficult to hear the party with the handset.The instructions included with the phone are difficult to understand.The phone forgets * everything * - settings and entered phone numbers - when the battery dies , and usually when you change to fresh batteries before the old ones die . The only low battery warning is a dim screen when on hook.Switching from handset to speakerphone is chancy , and not defined in the instructions . You must press the speakerphone continuously while hanging up the handset . The date & time may not be set manually , but must set that from the phone company caller ID if you have that service . Handset is easily knocked off hook by papers on the desk.I have little to say good about this device but here is a couple of points in its favor.It keeps track of how long one has been `` off hook '' when making a call.It allows you view a number that you dial before actually transmitting the number to the phone company .
 According to Avery customer representative , these CD labels are only for black & white laser printers . For color printers you must buy # 6692 . Laser colors will peel/flake off from # 5698 .
 I purchased these over the cheaper Ink Jet labels specifically because they were designed for laser printers . The first label I printed was a mess of peeling toner within seconds of being applied to a disc . A day later , the toner still peels off by rubbing a finger gently over anything printed . Maybe its my specific Samsung printer which has the issue , but I 've never experienced this issue with standard paper.I plan on returning these labels and may try the color laser labels.I added an extra star simply because the label itself is well manufactured , easy to apply -LRB- even with just a jewel case -RRB- .
 I ordered Avery 5698 because Amazon 's picture and description very clearly show this product is designed for CD - and - DVD . The product I received was indeed 5698 , but the package does n't match the Amazon photo . These -LRB- 5698 -RRB- are CD - only - labels . I called Avery and the CSR said that Avery no longer makes a Laser-printer-compatible label for DVDs
 These # 10 , 0.125 x 1.25 inch rubber bands are actually 1/16 in . wide , not 1/8 in . as described . The description on the box is correct , but the listing should read # 10 , 0.0625 x 1.25 inches.There is nothing wrong with the bands themselves .
 Like the paper , we 've been using it for years and like the quality . Unfortunately every ream of paper was split open because of poor packing of the items . Will not order from this vendor again .
 I really wanted a corded phone in addition to my cordless phone , but not one that had a lot of features I did n't need -LRB- answering machine , caller ID , etc. -RRB- because I have those on my cordless phone.Anyway , when I saw this , it really caught my eye . It has a classic design with contemporary flair . The price was n't bad either . The push buttons with the rotary style is a nice detailOne drawback is that the receiver is very heavy . The shape of the receiver makes it difficult to put the phone on your shoulder to talk hands-free . I did that on the receiver slipped , hitting me in the lip and teeth . OUCH!When it is near an electronic device -LRB- like my laptop -RRB- , there is annoying static on the phone .
 Do n't buy this phone . I plugged it in and it did n't even work . I even bought the similar black one in this same line and that one would n't ring when someone attempted to call . I know because I had another phone in my kitchen for the same phone line.DISAPPOINTING . Want a good phone ? Pay at least 100 for one . Too cheap = Must be something wrong .
 I bought this phone and another Conair phone , and will not make the same mistake again . BOTH phones have tons of static and picked up radio stations . I dont enjoy hearing Britney Spears singing & quot ; Im a Slave 4 you & quot ; when i am on the phone with my mom ...
 I was just looking for a basic cordless caller I.D. phone , and while I appreciate the minimalist design and particularly the fact that it is packed without styrofoam or a bunch of plastic baggies , THIS PHONE HAS _ TERRIBLE _ SOUND . There is a lot of low-volume background static , and it would start to crackle and pop only 20-25 feet from the base . My old 900MHz has far superior sound and range . Incidentally , the design of the buttons on the handset makes for difficult programming and scrolling through menus.I am very disappointed , and will have to resign myself to buying one of the silly shiny phones that looks like a space shuttle control panel .
 Although not overly user-friendly , this phone has plenty of features , requiring the manual to get through them all . Using the 4010 is comfortable and the sound quality/range is good , but that 's where the positives ended for me.After charging the batteries fully , I set the time/date , entered a few names into the directory , etc and made a few local calls to adjust the handset volume and before I knew it the battery icon indicated the power was half gone and I 'd only been using it less than 1/2 hour ! On top of that , the headset jack did n't work -LRB- using a headset I know works fine -RRB- , but here 's the real kicker - I made a long distance call using VarTec , our long distance carrier , which is a 10-10 type access , but the party was n't home . I tried the call later using the redial and it dialed a completely different number and I got someone else 's answering machine ! What the h -- 's that about ??!! I immediately called Siemens tech support and was told , `` No , it ca n't do that because it considers 10-10 numbers access codes and does n't recognize them on redial . '' Whaaaaaaat ?? Every phone I currently own will redial exactly any number I 've previously dialed . With the 1040 , that means if you 're attempting to get through to a long distance number to order something -LRB- as an example -RRB- and use a 10-10 access number , if the line is busy , you 'll have to re-enter the number each time you call back instead of just hitting redial . Ridiculous , considering this phone has a multitude of other features most people will probably never use or even figure out.I returned the 1040 and am sticking with what I have .
 I love the features and clarity of this phone . That said , the positives end there . The caller ID is screwy in that if someone calls , but hangs up on the answering machine it wo n't record the number in the caller ID log . Also , it frequently ` loses ' the handset so you must reregister the phone . I 've had the phone 4 years now and its just toast . It just flashes and Siemens does n't directly support this model anymore . I 'm going back to Panasonic .
 This phone is the most complicated phone I have ever seen . The menu is incomprehensible , with options which are abrieviated so much that you ca n't tell what you 're choosing . The Siemens 4210 , on the other hand , is much simpler to use and does n't have an obnoxious ringer like this phone .
 i just received my siemens 4010 . very disappointed in the performance . the main reason i bought this particular phone was the 2.4 ghz and digital features . hopefully these features would provide enough power and clarity to allow me to use the phone at distances up to 100 feet . this phone only picks up and sends out to about 20-30 feet . the performance is quiet weak . also , the speed -LRB- memory -RRB- dialing feature is not working . i am very unhappy with this product .
 The phone itself is complicated to use and set-up , has the most annoying ring I have ever heard and is cheaply made.I would suggest buying a Sony or Panasonic instead . I sent mine back .
 i just received my siemens 4010 . very disappointed in the performance . the main reason i bought this particular phone was the 2.4 ghz and digital features . hopefully these features would provide enough power and clarity to allow me to use the phone at distances up to 100 feet . this phone only picks up and sends out to about 20-30 feet . the performance is quiet weak . also , the speed -LRB- memory -RRB- dialing feature is not working . i am very unhappy with this product .
 EVENTHOUGH THEY HAVE A HELPFUL TECHNICAL AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT DEPARTMENT IN SIEMENS , THIS PHONE IS WORTHLESS FROM A TO Z. I HAD TO CHANGE MINE TWICE IN A VERY SHORT TIME . NOW , MY THIRD PHONE IS MALFUNCTIONING . THIS PHONE IS NOT WORTH IT . DO N'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS .
 i bought this phone after trying the siemens dot-com phone -LRB- 2000 series previous generation -RRB- and thought this would be even better . unfortunately it seems as if siemens cut a lot of corners in making this phone . first , the buttons are not firm enough . they are large enough but you have to push almost exactly in the center of each button for it to register . very annoying ... makes a lot of mistakes if you 're one of those quick dialers . the older models had firmer buttons . the other major thing wrong is the cheap lcd display . instead of dotmatrix like the older models , it displays characters with lines the way those $ 5 calculators do . and you have to hold the phone at the right angle or it will be too dim . the phone is also packed with features but accessing them is very tedious . simple things like adjusting the volume requires several keypresses . probably saves money by using software . on the plus side , the sound is excellent . better than some more expensive phones . have n't used the handsfree yet but it 's nice to have the option . the range was good to about 120 ft outdoors . after that it starts making click sounds . i have n't gone farther than that yet . one other plus was that it comes with rechargable AA nicad batts so replacing them should be cheap and easy.i 'm most likely gon na keep the phone . the sound quality is excellent and i think i can live w / the negatives . i do n't want to bother with shipping back to amazon . if you just want straight up sound quality , then this is a decent choice . the last gen siemens are probably a better choice and they cost about the same as these .
 This phone is so poorly designed that I have nothing positive to say about it except that it is small . It rings very annoyingly and chirps loudly for no reason when you do something like simply hanging it up - try hanging up the phone while someone is sleeping in the next room , and you 'll have problems . It has an incomprehensible menu , and the handset goes dead when it runs out of battery charge without any warning . That 's the only time it DOES N'T make any noise . It runs out of batteries very quickly , so this happens often . You wo n't see all of these irritating features until you actually get your hands on this phone after purchase , so do n't waste your time or money .
 Stay away from this product if you have other phones in your house . If you are having a conversation and someone else picks up another phone in the house it will either hang up the Siemens or worse hang up both phones ! Called Siemens tech support and they had the audacity to call this a `` feature '' . The only solution to my problem is to buy another Siemens handset . I have crossed out out the name Siemens in any future purchase of any electronic product .
 I really hate this phone . I 've bought the basic $ 19.99 GE special -LRB- in black or white -RRB- in the past and those phones , sad to say , are much better than this one . This phone is nearly impossible to program . It is awkwardly shaped and slippery so I am constantly dropping it . You have to monitor the battery constantly because the thing always dies in mid-conversation . It also cuts out -- just goes dead sometimes - for no apparent reason . It also makes an awful chirping sound when returned to the cradle or when it rings . The keys are SO sensitive that it is nearly impossible to even enter numbers or letters . Alas , it seems like my spotted history with this device might be over . It died on me today after a year of ownership . I replaced the batteries . The thing is still dead .
 I gave this two stars , only because it has some neat bells and whistles but I had to return it . I bought it for the speaker phone feature and could only get a faint sound when I tried to use it . When I called Siemens customer service , the guy told me , `` Sounds like it 's broken . Guess you 'll have to return it . '' Thankfully , Amazon is wonderful about returns so I will buy a different phone from them . You can be sure it will NOT be a Siemens !
 I second the first reviewer 's opinion . This is by far the worst quality binder I have ever owned . Try putting more than 5 piece of paper into it and it wo n't close -LRB- the sides wo n't fold flush with each other -RRB- until you manually move the papers to the center of the rings so the `` weight '' of these 5 papers does n't prevent the extremely flimsy plastic front and back from folding back in . Also , all of the tape -LRB- used to hold the binder sides together during shipping I suppose -RRB- and stickers used on it for identification refuse to come off . Really terrible product .
 I picked up two of these because they were inexpensive . I understand that you get what you pay for , but that should n't mean that the plastic should be delaminating/coming apart right out of the box . To make things worse , the sticker will not peel of cleanly , leaving a sticky residue that I hate . If there was any sense of quality control , these binders would not have been released . If I could give it no stars I would .
 I agree with other reviewers that the quality of this phone in terms of being able to hear and be heard is poor enough to warrant returning it . To best describe the quality , I would say it 's like talking on a speakerphone even when speaking directly into the handset . There are odd fluctuations in the volume levels of what you can hear , there is static whenever you speak , there is eerily dead silence when the conversation pauses and there is a very faint echo of everything you say . People on the other end of the call also complain about the quality . Using a headset did nothing to improve the situation . This is all too bad because the design of separating the base from the handset is perfect for me . And the fact that using the phone does n't disconnect my wireless internet connection as my 2.4 GHz phone did is great . But I guess I am willing to put up with that to return to the excellent sound quality of my 2.4 GHz Uniden telphone .
 returned the unit for refund.six feet away from the base reception faded in ad out .
 I bought this VTech phone last week from a local retailer and ended up exchanging it for another a few days later because we could n't get the handset to recognize the base , even after entering the base ID into the handset over a dozen times and unplugging everything and letting it sit overnight . The 2nd phone found the base perfectly . However , the reception was so poor that I 'll be returning that one too . The sound cut in and out and I could barely leave the room where the base was - taking the phone outside was n't even possible before it dropped the call.I really liked the design and the functionality of this VTech , but 5.8 GHz or not , this is one phone to avoid . Our house is brick and we 've had reception problems with cordless phones in the past , but we 've never had any problems with Panasonic . Go with the Panasonic KX-TG2700S instead . It 's only a 2.4 GHz , but I 'm getting perfect reception with the Panasonic AND can take it outdoors without any problems .
 I agree with other reviews stating the poor sound quality , dependant on position/room location . There is an echo and sometimes static even when one room away . And while you get more `` security '' with the higher frequency , you are losing a lot of range with it . A 900 MgHz is much better if you live in the country and take it up to a km away . I do like some features but not at all worth the price .
 One year old phone , we have now gone through 3 handsets . The keypads go bad , and the base also stops working . You have to jiggle the base just right to get it to charge . Contacted customer service who also was no help . Bad Bad phone .
 Second Vtech with caller ID problem . Half the time , the caller ID shows `` incoming call . '' Nothing more . In general , I have had problems with Vtech .
 I was so excited about purchasing this phone with all of it 's neat features , but as soon as I plugged it up ... instant disappointment . This phone has more static than any I 've ever heard . I 'm sure it was n't my line because when I tried a different phone in the line , it was crystal clear . I stil have the phone but the first thing on my to-do list tomorrow is to return it !
 We bought this phone to replace an old Pansonic cordless . It would not show who was calling on caller ID . Tried talking to VTech customer support but they are located somewhere outside the country and really could n't help beyond reading from various manuals they must keep on line . Thought maybe it was just this model so ventured off to Best Buy to try a new VTech model . It would n't communicate either . Returned both and have settled for a Uniden with base speaker phone . First try it recognized and displayed caller ID info . Be careful if you use Talk America as your provider !
 The cordless phone works , and is clear . But be warned . This is not a true 5.8 GHz phone . The base transmits at 5.8 GHz , but the phones transmit at 2.4 GHz . So if you 're buying this in order to reduce interference with a wireless network -LRB- or from a microwave -RRB- , look elsewhere . It will not solve your problems .
 Within a few months of my purchase , the buttons on the keypad start to fail . Nothing happens when I press the `` off/clear '' button , and on the accessory handset I bought , the `` memory '' soft button has the same problem.Both phones are currently have serious keypad problems , very annoying.I will definitely steer clear of Vtech phones in the future .
 As some have mentioned in this review section. , this is not a true 5.8 phone . I have a G-wireless network set up and use vonage as phone service . The calls I make from this always break up and I thought it was Vonage . I used a corded phone and the sound quality of my call was impeccable . I bought this phone because I thought it was true 5.8 and would n't interfere with wireless , boy was I wrong.DON ' T BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU HAVE A WIRELESS NETWORK.however , the speakerphone on the handset and the console are superb , extremely loud . I think this could be a great phone if you do n't have a wireless network .
 This phone system worked great for our house -- in conjunction with our wireless network as well -- for a little while . After about 4 months of use , whenever the phones were put onto the charging cradles , they would charge for a few seconds , but then the charging light would go out and the phones stopped charging . When this first started happening , I only had to adjust the position of the phone or clean the connections -- annoying but it worked for a little while . Now , nothing works and we ca n't get the phones to charge consistently . We 're trashing these phones and now looking for new ones .
 I had been excited about this phone all year after hearing about the new features . I bought the phone at Amazon the first days it was available and waited in anticipation to get the phone set up . Unfortunately it is with great disappointment that I am returning the phone today . I have had several conversations with VTech support due to the TERRIBLE static I was receiving while sitting next to the base , and the fact that the phone would randomly lose connection with the base , while sitting NEXT to the base . I finally had one rep tell me this phone was known to have a problem if you have DSL ! Today I am packing the phone up for a return , much to my chagrine !
 I purchased the VTech i5820 phone system along with 4 additional handsets -LRB- i5801 -RRB- . . They worked fine in the beginning . . Then one of the batteries failed . A quick call to VTech customer service for a new one . Not the case . I was informed by VTech customer service that these models are no longer made . . and they DO NOT have any batteries or accessories available for them . Trying to find OEM replacement batteries is almost impossible . The usual stores . . Best Buy , Staples , Office Max , Circuit City , Target no longer stock these modes . VTech 's solution was for me to `` upgrade '' to another one of their phone systems ... Of course . . `` At a BIG discount because I am an existing customer '' ! I loved the phones in the beginning ... . and still do . . but purchasing replacement parts will be impossible .
 My biggest disappointment with this phone is that you can not take it outside of the house . I live in a very small house and as soon as I step outside with this phone , it is unable to locate the base . Waste of money .
 The main complaint is that the two handhelds i have dont work farther than 30 ft. from the base station . TS
 I was never happy with this phone from the get go . One handset never worked since it could n't locate the base no matter what you did . The second handset seemed to work great , but the person on the other side kept on complaining the voice was breaking up . Most of the people felt that I was calling them from a cell phone . My wife refused to use the phone -LRB- even with its great looks ! -RRB- so I had to return it and get a 2.4 GHz phone . You rather buy a cell phone atleast you get better range then this one .
 This phone is great for the speaker , but I would not recommend this phone for the hearing impaired . Both my husband and I agree , it 's like talking to someone standing in the middle lane of a highway . The back ground noise make it very hard to hear the person on the other end . Everyone sounds like they have a cold . Just by looking at the phone , you can tell it takes up to much room .
 This phone really ca n't be this bad . This is absolutely the worst phone I have ever used . It is worse then a cell phone in an area with poor reception.The battery cover is loose and feels like it is going to fall off . There is a constant echo on this phone and it has disconnected me 3 times in one week.I am returning this phone for an exchange to see if maybe it is just this specific phone .
 I would have given this no starts , but the rating system does n't allow for that . The first thing I did was install the batteries and plug the units in for 24 hours . The directions state 12 hours is fine for the first charge . After 24 hours , I attached the phone line . Everything seemed fine . I called a friend and was told they were having trouble hearing me ; the sound was cutting in and out , and there was a vibration or echo noise . The sound got better when I was 3 feet from the base . If I walked to another room , the sound got worse . I walked three rooms away and the call was dropped . This happened more than once . I went back to my old 900 mhz DSS cordless phone and everything was fine . I called VTech 's help desk , which I discovered is in a foreign country , and they were useless . The help desk person kept reading from a script and could not help me nor offered to take any information on the poor quality of the product . I am returning this product and strongly recommend against buying it . I will probably buy a Uniden DCT6465 2.4 Ghz cordless phone as I borrowed one from a family member and it works in all locations of my house , from the basement to the attic .
 This phone looks great in theory . One base with expansion headsets ! In reality the sound quality is poor . The range is minimal . In less than three months I had problems with reception . My friends told me it sounded like I was under water . I now have an AT&T that works great ! The gentleman in the phone store told me he gets more returns on VTech than any other brand .
 Is there a lower rate than a 1-star ? This is the worst phone I ever had . I was merely 10 feet away from the base and the static was just to much to bear . I got it yesterday and I 'm returning it today .
 This is probably the worst phone I have ever owned . The sound quality is tin-can at best , the rings are all annoying , the buttons are teeny and hard to use .
 I pre-ordered this item and patiently waited for it to arrive . The new V-Tech 5831 cordless phone has the worst reception I 've ever experienced ; do n't plan on talking more than six feet away from the base , and forget about leaving the phone in a convenient place for receiving calls because it will not hold a charge for more than two hours . So , I am on the lookout for another model after returning this phone . I wish someone would design a cordless phone that was worth buying .
 This phone is the worst . It takes up to much room . The sound reception is like talking to someone in the center lane of the expressway . We own another Vtech phone which was a total waste too . The only best part about this phone is it has a speaker phone , but for anything else the phone is n't worth the bucks . For the hearing impaired this is your worst nightmare of a phone .
 I would give this phone 3 stars , although the control layout seems funky -LRB- OK , I 'm a software engineer -RRB- , as if the design was frozen too early . BUT - we 're returning the phone
 I bought this phone expecting that it would be perfect for our needs . My home office is in a barn that 's next to our house , not far away , maybe thirty feet . I put the base station in a room in the corner of the house nearest the barn , and the handset in my home office in the barn . Reception was horrible at all times . I have a WiFi network , and wondered if that might be the problem . I returned the phone and bought a Vtech 5825 -LRB- available on Amazon via Circuit City -RRB- , a less well known model that comes with two handsets but is not expandable beyond those two . The 5825 has the same technical specs as this model -LRB- same frequencies -RRB- , but works vastly better when configured in exactly the same way . Reception is crystal clear always , with no interference from the WiFi . The 5825 is also cheaper . If you do n't need more than two handsets , go for the 5825 .
 Within the 1st few weeks of owning the phone the cordless battery needed to be replaced . A few months later the cordless earpiece stopped producing sound . I 've bought numerous $ 20 or less portables that are tougher and a better value . The base unit is fine but does nothing extraordinary that you ca n't get for less elsewhere .
 This phone has some nice features , including the easy to see back lit display , and the red blinking message light that indicates that my voice mail from the phone co has new messages . The one important feature missing is dial back of numbers shown in caller ID . It saves the 10 digit area code and number , i.e. 555-555-1234 . If you press `` display dial '' , it dials those 10 digits . In my area , like many , I think , there are times when you must only dial 7 digits , and other times when you must dial `` 1 '' plus the area code and then 7 digits . Dialing all ten digits for a call within my same area code wo n't go through , nor will a call outside my area code without a `` 1 '' before the 10 digits . I have other Caller ID Phones that prompt for these rules during set-up so that they know how to return calls with a one touch call back of the caller ID number shown . This one doe n't .
 This phone did n't work well for us at all . The connection was always bad -LRB- fuzzy -RRB- . My husband just went to Walgreen 's and picked up a $ 10 phone and the connection is much better . I would n't recommend this phone .
 The old adage , `` You get what you pay for , '' is applicable here . The base unit was functional enough , nothing special , and seemed to be well made . The cordless handset , although phyically decent , was totally inept and useless . According to the manual it was attributed to `` interference in the 2.4 ghz transmission frequency . '' There were so many caveats associated with the handset , `` ca n't be near computer , radio , cell phone , microwave , cable TV , etc. ... '' The recommended solutions were just as unuseable as the handset , `` unplug the base , unhook the battery , reconnect both '' , `` move the base closer to the handset , '' None of those worked , as a matter of fact in total desperation I put the cordless base right next to the corded base unit and it still did not work . I moved them both to the bedroom and still nothing , oh excuse me I did have a clock radio in there so that must have been responsible for insurmountable interference . Ended up returning the unit .
 I loved my previous VTech and so expected good quality from this one too . No such luck . The base is fine but both handsets I purchased have intermittent reception . I do n't know what is causing the interference and I do n't care . All other cordless phones have always worked fine around here .
 do n't waste your money . . i had bought a base unit and 3 handset units . the base works fine , the handset units all have problems charging . Vtech tech support said it 's the batteries . . they send me new batteries , but the problem still remains . . i think it 's the design of the handset charger , does not make good contact to properly charge the units .
 The cordless phone works , and is clear . But be warned . This is not a true 5.8 GHz phone . The base transmits at 5.8 GHz , but the phones transmit at 2.4 GHz . So if you 're buying this in order to reduce interference with a wireless network -LRB- or from a microwave -RRB- , look elsewhere . It will not solve your problems .
 When I first got this phone equipment , I was delighted . It lasted about six months before fizzling out on me . The speaker phone on the base unit worked fine at first . Now callers tell me it sounds as though I 'm in a dance hall ... a dance hall with lousy acoustics . The buttons on one of the hand units do n't always work . I punch in a number , only to find that I have to do it all over because one or two of the digits did n't register . Now , one of the units wo n't recharge properly when seated in its base.What a waste of money .
 I bought this phone because I live in Japan and most cordless phones are off-limits . I found this in the Base Exchange and was excited . A cordless we are allowed to use . My first problem was the charger would not work so I began charging the bateries in the base unit . Then the memory button does not work . I have a difficult time accessing the memory button and the off button . Because I am using the base unit to charge the bateries the batery pack is now loose and the phone often will not work even with a full charge . It blacks out when I set it down . I have been very disapointed in this product and would advise every one to NOT buy it . It is too expensive to only get 5 good months of use out of .
 The buttons used to turn off the phone and the 3 buttons just below the display require repeated attempts before they work which is very frustrating to use . I made an indepth product research before buying this phone and am very dissatisfied with this phone . I would not buy it again and am currently looking for another BRAND of phone to replace it . I wo n't buy another VTECH again .
 I bought it and the charger units slowly died , one by one . Now , 9 months later I have 3 phones with only one charger working ... it is VERY frustrating . I am going to do more research before I buy again . I agree with the other reviewer , there is some problem with the charger base not making contact with the phone ...
 There is a problem with the sound . I have two handsets . The one I use the most fades out periodically . I ca n't say if the other has the same problem , as it 's not used as often . Mainly for this reason I do n't recommend this phone . We 'll see how the warranty works .
 The phone is hard for both parties to understand and the volume is low . I have to use the speaker phone setting for most conversations . People on the other end of the line always ask me whats up with my phone . I have had 2 different multi extension phones and neither has had the same sound quality as my old vTech $ 20 single line cordless .
 Pros
 I purchased the Main Base station and one additional phone . The main station phone worked well . The additional station was FULL of noise . I thought it was a faulty phone so I purchased one more at a local store . It did the same thing ! I did some digging and learned that Even though it says 5.8 it also runs at 2.4 Ghz . That interferes with my wireless network . I returned the `` test '' phone and lost my receipt for the additional phone . I want in on the class action suit . There is no disclosure on the box that says it will run at 2.4 Ghz and it is unconfigureable . Two thumbs down ...
 Never again . I paid over $ 17.00 for two 3 inch binders . They arrived with ugly bar code stickers affixed to the spine with some sort of adhesive that NASA needs for the next space shuttle program . Painstaking careful removal , followed with applications of rubbing alcohol - and there is still a sticky residue on each spine . If I wanted this sort of binder I could have gone to Dollar General or Staples .
 This device seemed like a great idea at the time I bought it , but it really is n't . I did n't find it to be very helpful . The extra software is terrible . The only thing it accomplishes is you looking rediculous with the bulky hardly audible speaker necklace around your neck . Russian people will only laugh at you . I had to stop wearing it because it became such a spectacle . There are fewer phrases by far than a phrase book and it takes forever to do a search . This is the reality of this device ; in Russia there is no time to fool with this thing . I used my Rough Guide Phrasebook for all my communication and I used this thing as a currency converter . The currency converter was really the only useful feature . The device was a waste of money and it 's expensive . The Rough Guide Phrasebook is a small fraction of the price of this and is far more helpful . The Rough Guide Phrasebook has a Russian glossary section and many times I just handed it to the Russian person for them to look up the English word they wanted to tell me . My advice is to save your money .
 Stopped working after 2 months , tried replacing battery which did not solve the issue . I do not recommend buying this Made in China product .
 The scale was used and was missing a part and did not work.I would not recommend this to anyone.contacted vendor to return - received approval letter but no instructions of where to return .
 I really liked this little scale , until it suddenly stopped working after 3 months . I do n't ship a lot of packages so I 'd only used it about a dozen times altogether . Tried switching out the batteries with fresh ones and ones from a working flashlight - no luck . It just died.Checking reviews for other scales by this company I see similar complaints . Too bad , because it was a nice product , while it worked .
 Royal 's scales are junk . Mine did n't work out of the box . Please check other Royal scale reviews as well .
 Lots of words not in this dictionary . I was totally disappointed . Could n't even sell it on Craig 's List . Ended up recycling it and good riddance . Worthless .
 Brother 1800C fax has color ink tanks beside black ink , but they are never used since I only receive b & w fax.The color ink cartridges dry up on their own -LRB- about twice in the last 6 months -RRB- and the machine will stop printing fax entirely unless you replace the color cartridges.This enables Brother to make a lot of money on ink replacement , but does n't necessarily present good value for endusers.Paper handling is subpar . The fax jams more frequently than other fax machines I 've ever used.In short , save your money and annoyance , buy something else .
 In addition to all of the ink problems listed by the other reviewers , the print quality is not very good . It clogs constantly . If you are n't printing full color documents every day , the ink hardens in the nozzles and print quality gets worse and worse . The machine 's cleaning function does nothing . Before my machine died , at the age of only 22 months , the yellow and red inks would not work at all.But wait , the worst is yet to come ! These machines are terribly unreliable . Mine died . My boss 's died after 2 years . My wife manages at Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf , which bought these machines in mass for it 's stores -- and they are constantly breaking down.One day my 1800C decided to display a Machine Error 41 code . Customer support was no help . They directed me to the local Brother service center . The service tech was kind enough to warn me that Brother designed this error code to apply to half a dozen different things , ranging from the print head , to the motherboard . Technicians have to replace the parts one at a time , rolling the dice and hoping that they fix the right thing . If not , they move on to the next thing and so on . The first fix will cost 100 bucks , by the second fix , you could have bought a new machine.This machine was designed to jerk the user around , ink-wise and repair-wise . If you buy one of these machines after reading the reviews here , you are a sucker for punishment.I 've moved on to a Canon MP390 , which has MUCH bettr print quality and way more cool features .
 I bought this item 6 months ago . I have had to replace the color ink cartridges over 3 times and I do n't even use it to copy or fax color documents . The worst is when it `` runs out '' of ink you can not even send out a black fax until you replace the cartridges ... Urghhhhhhh . the ink is $ 30 per cartridge -LRB- total 3color + black -RRB- . The funny thing is the black has only needing changing once while all the colors have had to be changes 3-4 times !!! I only use the fax -LRB- black only -RRB- 3-4 times a week . Do not buy this machine.only plus
 I have had this fax machine for a little over a year , and although it fax/receives properly , it frequently is disabled due to high consumption of color inks , even when not using any color faxes . In Brother 's design , if any ink cartridge runs out , you can not print anything . I had to replace one or more color cartridges 5 times since purchase . The black ink cartridge has a larger capacity than the color ink cartridges . Due to Brother 's design and no ability to bypass disabling feature of these color cartridges , I would not recommend this model . I will be replacing it shortly with a black laser print model .
 I used this as a printer , I never faxed with it . I 'd use it to print b & w documents and color cd/dvd labels . The print quality is never good , especially if you use bidirectional printing , that really makes it look awful . Additionally , if you are trying to print up a good image the printer constantly makes black blots from all the clogs coming out . The cleaning is pointless , it does nothing at all.It has n't died , but it no longer prints an ounce of magenta . Removing the entire printer box indicates that no magenta is getting through to the printer head.This is unfortunate because the warranty only just expired , and I have a big box of ink cartridges.I bought them in bulk because this printer goes through color ink so fast , you MUST replace the cartridges when it says , and the cartridge will still have a good bit of ink in it , what a waste and polluting too.The brother cartridges just stick it to you for how long they last , $ 36 is a lot of money for three tiny ink cartridges that lasts for so few print jobs . I bought a bunch of them for a discount and have all these unusable cartridges now . I feel like a real sucker , I hope you do n't make my mistake.It 's clear by the other posters I am not the only one unhappy with the print quality or ink consumption.I wish I 'd never bought this printer , it was not only expensive for how long it lasted , it was very expensive to use because of how much ink it gobbled down.Very unfortunate choice .
 So I 've had this machine for at least 8 years . I fax maybe twice a year and print maybe once a month -- We 're talking 10 pages per month total usage max . I spend -LRB- t -RRB- tons on ink because cartridges kept emptying monthly with just very little usage . Every time I did want to use it , I 'd have to wait for the ` CLEANING ' cycle to finish first . Terrible !! It finally broke on me yesterday with a ' 41 ' error code . The most pleasure I will get out of this machine is throwing it away . First an last Brother product purchase.One thing not mentioned , the paper supply area -LRB- tray if you will -RRB- in the back does n't support the paper properly and it constantly jams . I mean every time . Even with the supplied additional plastic and corkboard support piece thingy . You basically have to manually feed the sheet one at a time or hold on to the stack so it only pulls one sheet at a time.This product is junk plain and simple .
 And even worse , it waste your money and time to figure out problems with no clue . It drive you cray ... the worst purchase of my life.Throw in Trash and I am happy.Overall problem : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Drinks ink -LRB- 2 -RRB- Poor design with confusing error message/instructions . To name a few : False paper jam error kept popping up and you ca n't clear it up . I have to un-plug and power strip.Worst usability of `` rich '' functions which has been hidden so deep inside complicated menus , I ca n't remember even some comoon simple fax tasks ... you need manual from time to time.The ink cleaning , canceling job , such simple task may take minutes to finish and you have no idea what is going on . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Poor manufacturer -- scanner died in two month and the repair shop said they saw a bunch of this returns ... difficult to match it with brother nameBTW , that is my first purchase of Brother and I promise , it is the last one . I would go for HP , Canon ...
 Be warned
 I purchased this model shredder after determining that the smaller one I was using just could not handle even the simplest piece of junk mail . I wanted a machine that did not require me to open the junk mail and feed it in one sheet at a time . When the smaller machine 's teeth bent , snarled and started causing jams I got this one , the next size larger thinking that the problem was the way I was using it rather than the machine itself . I was wrong . The larger machine did take the paper load but the teeth quickly bent , causing jams . The jams got worse causing more bent teeth and so it went . It now sits idle after a few months and I am looking for a better quality machine . As for the warranty , why bother ? I do n't need third try with Ativa to realize that the machines it makes are of poor quality .
 My Ativa DQ80M shredder lasted LESS THAN 9 MONTHS of normal shredding capacity . All I used it for was normal paper and minimal credit card chomping . The teeth on the Ativa are not strong . They got bent and then the paper got jammed not only in the bent teeth , but in the space on either side of the teeth roll . I spent more time prying out the paper as I did shredding . As for the 5 year manufacturer 's warranty - I agree with the other Amazon reviewer - why bother unless you want to keep trading it in every year . Guess I can still use the mesh wastebasket ... : - -LRB-
 Really lousy shredder . I was cheap -- and got what I paid for ... an underpowered shredder prone to jamming and within six months the heads broke for good . I 've tossed it and will try a Fellowes . Save your money ; do n't buy this !
 DO NOT BUY THIS AT&T PRODUCT . I bought this att 5.8 cordless e5640 when it first came out and thought it was great . I had also gotten rid of my other land line phones and paid for three extension lines . They performed superbly for I think three years and everything was fine . Then the trouble began . The batteries to the phones had to be replaced - which was fair - I replaced them all . Then one by one , the chargers to the extension units stopped working . The main unit just went , now I have no working AT&T phones , just the one land line that I had not gotten rid of . AT&T provides no customer service , just the cold line of the warranty has expired , meaning that they do not care about the quality of what they sell . They just want to make money off the customers . Search online and you will find other customers had the same issue . They offer some possible solutions to fix the chargers but the solutions do not work . Once again the customer is swindled . Now I will have to replace my phones -- and I can guarantee you that I will not replace this or any phone system with an AT&T Product . I will conduct research while our family deals with having only one working phone line . Inferior quality products and substandard customer service make large companies fail . Makes one wonder who tests their product . If they can not stand behind their phones , why would customers feel confident enough to buy from them again . Please do not make the costly mistake made by me and other customers , buy something else .
 Update as of 1/4/10 THE SPEAKER PHONE TOTALLY DIED THE OTHER DAY !!!! RETHINK THIS PHONE !!! I connected this unit yesterday . The phone sound is great , which was my main reason for replacing a perfectly good GE cordless with a great sounding answering machine , but a difficult to hear phone . I am hearing impaired , to a point , and was having problems hearing people on my GE phone . This is my most used phone , so I needed one that I could hear a lot better on.I bought this one because I have had wonderful luck with the voice quality and sound level on AT&T ; phones . I have two other AT&T ; models and love the sound on both.This phone is great as far as sound quality is concerned , especially when using the speakerphone feature . It is also super tiny , which I was really surprised at . It is the size of a cell phone , vintage 2002 , but thicker . I do n't think people with large hands would like it , but my hands are small and impaired . So for me it is a pleasure to hold and quite light weight as well . I am really using the speakerphone for the most part so I do n't even need to hold it most of the time.I have not yet used the directory to store my frequently used phone numbers , but have read reviews on other sites that say it is not all that intuitive . I suspect I will miss the old fashioned , press memo and number key for stored numbers.I do not subscribe to Caller ID , so I can only quote that I read the same about Caller ID , that it is not intuitive to use.NOW FOR THE BAD NEWS
 This bag clip is just OK if you only want to close a bag of chips . For some reason I can not explain they discontinued their Oxo Heavy Duty Clip which was far , far superior in every way possible . Amazon used to carry it , and if I had known Oxo was going to stop making them , I would have bought several of them to have on hand . Their Heavy Duty Clip was the best I have ever found , it was extremely versatile , and it was good looking too.These bag clips can not begin to compare or be as useful to the Heavy Duty . They are not as strong , and their shape is not as functional . They only work for closing a bag of chips , and that can be done by any number of other clips on the market . I bought these red clips hoping they might be useful , but I am extremely disappointed . Once again , as is so often happening nowadays , a company has discontinued a superior product and replaced it with a poor , inferior substitute .
 This seiko Dictionary-ETC is available in New Zealand for $ NZ59 .95 - $ US29 .95 . Something is amiss ? Mauro Zanderigo Auckland New Zealand
 This seiko Dictionary-ETC is available in New Zealand for $ NZ59 .95 - $ US29 .95 . Something is amiss ? Mauro Zanderigo Auckland New Zealand
 This seiko Dictionary-ETC is available in New Zealand for $ NZ59 .95 - $ US29 .95 . Something is amiss ? Mauro Zanderigo Auckland New Zealand
 Of course , the calendar makers could n't foresee that Cutler would take over for Plummer , though that is a disincentive to buy this calendar . But it 's inexcusable that Ashley Lelie is still featured on a month in this calendar . He left the team before the beginning of the season ; they had plenty of time to change him out for Javon Walker . It 's hard to want to buy a calendar with flaws such as these .
 I do n't really like these clips . I really bought them to receive the free shipping offer , but I decided to try to use them to wrangle the cords on my computer . I found them awkward to use ... preferring to use twist-ties instead .
 I got these to help keep the cord on my iron in order . While they work OK , they are really bulky and require that you get just the right amount of cord wrapped into them or they will not close . Not enough cord , and it will just slide out . Without an adjustment ability like that of a velcro/hook-and-loop strap or a zip-tie , they just are not that useful.The one place they might work is if you permanently attach them to a wall , allowing you to route cords around doors or out of the way on a temporary basis , because you can open the clip and remove the cord when done .
 This phone does have easy to operate controls and easy to see number pad.My mother has no problem hearing the at her end she just adjusts the volume to suit her . However often times the party at the other end of the line gets audio distrotion or my mothers voice drops out completly . It 's kind of annoying for her to have to repeat herself all the time . The operators manual says to disconnect other devices on the line like
 I bought this amplification phone as a gift for my severely hearing impaired elderly father . The product worked great for about a month or so , and then just stopped working . I called the manufacturer but they said I needed to go back to Amazon because I bought the product from Amazon , not them . I called Amazon and explained the situation , but Amazon refused to replace the item because it was outside the 30-day `` return '' window . I explained the product only stopped working recently - i.e. , after the 30-day return window had passed - and that I did not want to return the item for my money back , I just wanted them to replace a defective product . But Amazon continued to recite the return policy and said there was nothing they could do for me . I spoke to a supervisor and asked her to make a one-time exception as an accommodation but she repeatedly refused , and said they could not make any exceptions to their policy . All companies are able to make exceptions to their policies if they really want to . Amazon is just choosing not to do so , which is unfair , disappointing , and extremely poor customer service . I specifically chose to purchase through Amazon because I thought it would be better and hassle free . Boy was I wrong on all counts . Amazon claims to be customer service oriented , and pretends to be helpful and accommodating , but the reality is that they wo n't work with you to rectify problems . I will NEVER shop with Amazon again after this experience .
 I had bought a similar version of this phone for my mother and it worked fine for her . It broke and we ordered a new one , what I believed was a better model . This particular phone has a distinct clicking in the dial tone and the clarity is poor . Adjustment of the volume seems to not work or is broken . The tone control is helpful but without the volume controller working properly it makes no difference . I have not tried to return this yet as she had had it for about a month before she told me how badly it was working . -LRB- she didnt want to complain about her gift :-RRB- I will try to contact the seller and let them know how badly this works and ask how we can either return it or have it replaced . Again , I dont know that it is the basic product that is bad or just this particular phone .
 Thought this would help me communicate with my aunt who wears hearing aids . It has not helped . Sound quality seems to be on her phone and she can not understand what I am saying . Thinking of going back to old phone which does not amplify .
 Mine I got free through a VA program and should have returned it but could n't find the paper work so I put it by the curb in a free pile . It was just horrible . I could n't understand the other party , they could n't hear me well and it turned out to be unusable . I would avoid this model phone.If you are wondering what I did instead , I got rid of the land line and got an iPhone with a bluetooth connection to my hearing aids that puts the phone audio directly into the hearing aids and it is wonderful .
 Would return the Ameriphone XL50 in a heartbeat if I could figure out how to do so . Had foolishly assumed it would work correctly - but NOT ! Also foolishly had thrown away box & receipt.Very bad `` static-like '' interference . Ca n't seem to adjust the `` Tone '' and `` Volume '' buttons to enable my hearing . Have actually had to end phone conversations as I 'm unable to understand the callers ' words.Suggest cking w / ur audiologist before paying this much $ $ -LRB- which we can ill-afford -RRB- and finding one that works . This one does n't !
 Over many years I have purchased several Walker Clarity phones for my father-in-law who has significant hearing loss and needs amplification to understand most phone conversations . In general these phones have been very effective and make life much easier for all of us.Recently , the better of two such phones -LRB- one which he 'd been using for well over 15 years -RRB- ceased to function . He still had a second and somewhat cheaper model that worked reasonably well but I wanted to replace his better phone with an updated version . I bought the Ameriphone XL50 expecting that it would work at least as well or better . It did n't . After several days trial , I am returning the phone and will be looking for a different model.In general , the features of this new phone would seem to promise improvement over older technology . It claims greater amplification , improved feedback control , and better tone adjustment to selectively enhance high or low frequencies as needed . In practice however , the overall tone delivered to the ear by the XL50 was significantly lower in quality than that of the older Walker Clarity still in operation.In a side-by-side comparison to the older phone , the XL50 sound was distinctly less clear , produced greater hiss at all tone settings , provided less actual voice amplification relative to other incidental noises , and was simply a strain to listen to and understand -- even for someone with unimpaired hearing . Voices sounded `` hollow '' and far away even when amplified to an uncomfortable level for me and the overall effect for my father-in-law was distinctly less intelligibility compared to his older phone.I have no reason to think that the particular phone we were testing was malfunctioning but without other sets to compare I ca n't say that our experience was the norm . I will say that the phone seemed to be working as designed but perhaps not as promised . It appears to me that perhaps in this particular implementation of the technology the manufacturer chose to place too much emphasis on sound frequency corrections and digital processing at the expense of overall sound quality .
 If loudness is all you need in a phone , then the Ameriphone XL50 would be a good choice . The first time I used it , it practically blew me out of my chair.However , if your hearing situation involves loss in word discrimination , this phone does little for that . I returned the phone because it did not improve my ability to communicate . I replaced it with a basic AT&T ; phone that has no special features for the hearing impaired , and found the sound of higher quality than the Ameriphone.I am very generously giving this a two-star rating only because it delivers high volume . If a megaphone in your ear is what you need , then go for it .
 Several years ago I bought a similar phone . I now needed an additional extension , so I eagerly purchased a new one . When you have a severe hearing loss , as I have , your choices of equipment are really limited . This item is a disappointment , and I do not recommend it . At higher amplification , voices `` cut out . '' This happens with cell and landline calls . Additionally the sounds emitted by individual keys are non-existent on my phone . The keys can not be used to select from a menu -LRB- you know , `` press one for ... '' press two for ... '' -RRB- . This phone will be returned .
 I received the phone from Warehouse . They said it had been returned but that there was nothing wrong with it , that it was in excellent condition.The phone worked as far as making and receiving calls , but the program function did not work , and that was really important for my mother . So , I think the phone is good , but I would not buy one from Warehouse .
 This is a great phone for a senior citizen , until it inexplicably stops working . Purchased this phone for an elderly family member and she actually said at times it was too loud ! This is a huge improvement and made it possible for her to enjoy phone conversations again . Unfortunately , after about three months , the phone suddenly stopped working properly . None of the buttons work . For what we paid , this is ridiculous .
 I took a chance by ordering a ` refurbished ' version of the Clarity C4205 amplified wireless telephone for my mother . My expectations were that the phone would have been carefully inspected and refurbished by a knowledgeable agent of the manufacturer . The product was NOT refurbished.The package arrived with the contents simply stuffed into the original box with none of the original packing . The warranty card -- completed by the original purchaser -- was thoughtfully included.This model is supposed to have a memory capability for several numbers accessed through the keypad numbers and three emergency numbers dialed with the dedicated buttons above the normal number pad . This particular phone was defective in that it did not memorize any numbers.Amazon now advises that they are unable to replace the phone because `` Warehouse Deals ' inventory is constantly changing '' . It is very disappointing to so quickly reach a dead end for options to resolve this problem , but Amazon is allowing ME up to 30 days after the delivery date to return the phone for a refund . Amazon and Warehouse Deals should do everything they can to replace the defective phone .
 Came in well packaged . But quality of the aluminum is cheap . This clipboard is made in China and it shows . The nickel plating on the clip just flakes off immediately after opening . I dont this clipboard wil last me very long . The aluminium appears to be powder coated . The clip to hold the papers does n't look like its gon na make it too long . Very cheap product . Worth about 2-3 bucks .
 I read the reviews of similar products and decided that this one was the best of the worst . I am not impressed , it is generally cheap and I got a cut on my forearm while walking on a construction site which is why I bought it . I have since bought a clipboard for $ 1.99 and use a rubber-band to keep the forms from blowing in the wind . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Another thing that bothers me is that the clip damages the top of the papers because it is serrated like a kitchen knife .
 This board is thin and cheaply made . It also has sharp corners that can cut your hands when reaching in to it . Do n't buy this thing ...
 I bought this as a birthday gift for my mom . I was so excited for her . She was so happy when I gave it to her on her birthday , October 18 . Well , so much for that happiness . Today is November 6,2010 , I am still waitng for a refund on the product . The Electronic Bible had a line running through it right through the middle of the screen ! I called the manufacturer , they stated it was missing pixels ! I returned it to oksuperstore ... still waiting for refund!Very unsatisfied . . and my mom is still without a birthday gift . . how embarrasing !
 I 've had Virgin Mobile for about a year . I used the top up feature where I could top up from my phone and it would bill to my credit card . One day I was checking my credit card statement and found many duplicate charges from Virgin . When I called customer service the first rep told me that when I would attempt to top up and the transaction did n't work -LRB- which was about half the time -RRB- I had still been billed . He said he 'd figure it out and get back to me . After 10 days I called again , got a different rep , went through all the bills for the last year and he told me that the `` broken transactions '' the first rep told me about had never happened on my account . When I asked for copies of the transactions he told me it would cost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to see my past bills . I 'm switching to another vendor this week .
 I had to replace my K9 phone . I thought K10 will be an improvement . Was not . The interfaces are NOT the same and K10 's is not as intuitive as K9 's is . The color display has a poor contrast . Can barely see it when the backlit is not on . The two games are demos . K9 allows you to play Tetris and Brick attack and has a doodle program as well . K10 's ring tones are a subset of K9 's . In short , a more powerful phone with many of the features removed and only made available for $ $ $ .
 This phone is the worst phone ever ! I am normally not a product reviewer but , this poorly contructed cell phone is easliy the most defective product I have ever purchased . I will be fair , when I got this phone it was cool . And it worked perfectly just long enough not to be able to take it back . Also , I have no complaint with the service from Virgin . Their plans have actually saved me money at the end each month than having a bill sent to meBut , this phone little by little has keys that stick and do n't work . So , I ca n't dial out to any one , or text , or now checking my messages have failed . I hope the next generation of these phone improve because I have had this phone for only a couple months and now I got ta replace it . And I ca n't afford to keep replacing my cell phone - though I am light/medium cell phone user , I still need this phone mostly for its messaging service for business while I am working.Don ' t even think of purchasing this pathetic and defective use of a cell phone . Setting money on fire is more fun than replacing a perfectly new cell phone . Peace to all .
 The K10 Royale from Virgin Mobile USA has many excellent features , including voice recognition dialing , color liquid crystal display with backlighting , text messaging , LED flashlight , and `` superphonic '' ring tones made from real sound clips . Unfortunately , at the request of Virgin Mobile , Kyocera crippled the firmware so it is not possible to use the Kyocera Desktop software disc and data cable kit to back up one 's contact list or install ring tones and wallpapers from one 's personal computer . The absence of a data cable jack was one of the first things I noticed when I received the K10 in early August 2005 . The phone comes with a standard beep ring tone and a selection of musical ring tones which you 'll enjoy if rap and hip-hop are your style -LRB- they 're not my style -RRB- , and you can download more polyphonic -LRB- MIDI -RRB- and superphonic ringtones from Virgin Mobile over the air directly to the phone at $ 2.00 to $ 2.50 a pop . I 've scoured the Web to see if ring tones are available from third parties , but I ca n't find any that support Virgin Mobile USA . I suspect that Virgin Mobile has restricted access , forcing one to buy files only from them.A Kyocera customer support representative told me today that if contact list backup and ring tone download are essential , their similarly-featured generic K9 model should be chosen . I do n't know if Virgin Mobile USA will accept registration of a phone not supplied by them , since it is obviously their intent to milk as much money as possible from customers by selling ring tones and wallpapers from their existing collection.If you want an inexpensive cell phone with some nice features , and do n't care about passing data back and forth between your personal computer and the phone , go ahead and buy it . If you think you 'd like fully custom ring tones or are concerned about backing up a burgeoning contact list so you can easily transfer it to your next cell phone , look elsewhere .
 I 've used Motorola phones for several years with no complaints . When I decided to try pre-paid -LRB- as I do n't use a lot of minutes each month -RRB- I went with Virgin Mobile . Their selection of phones is limited but I found the Kyocera Slider to be the most attractive . Twice they sent me the phone and both were defective ; unable to accept the program . I then learned from the `` live advisor '' that they have had several other problems with that model and placed them on clearance . I had to go to battle with Virgin Mobile before they refunded me what I paid for the phone.Not wanting to wait again for a phone to be sent to me , I went out and bought the Kyocera K10 . Unlike with my previous services through Nextel and Centennial , I had no `` bars '' from inside my home . In other areas , however , the reception was decent.The most inconvenient feature of this phone is the dimly lit screen . Unlike what they advertised , the screen colors are not vibrant . There is a very limited graphic selection loaded , and the ringtones are canned . The menu setup is such that I frequently accidentally pushed buttons while carrying the phone that would connect to Virgin Mobile 's online account access . You get one freebie daily , and get charged thereafter.Keep an eye out for unknown charges on your account . I know people that have had good experiences with Virgin Mobile . Mine was not one of them .
 Ordered 2 phones with ` pay as you go ' service.No one was home to accept the package so it was sent back to the local FedEx office.Called FedEx to have the package re-routed since I work during the day . FedEx said a 'Re - route ' could only be done by the shipper.Called Virgin Mobile customer service to have the package re-routed . I was rudely informed that it ca n't be done and was basically told if I did n't like it , I should just return the phones.I refused the delivery from FedEx and was told I would recieve a refund.Months have passed . I 've called Virgin Mobile 's customer service many times to discuss my refund . I 've filed complaints with BBB and FCC.STILL no refund .
 I was lied to by a costumer service rep , and no supervisor would help me !!! I paid 10 dollars for absulutely nothing !!!! I was assured that the 10 dollars would go into my balance , they automaticly took it from me and told me I could change plans and I would still receive this money !! I would not recomened this service for anyone that does n't want to get screwed !!!!!
 OK , Kids I am 14 , I know it may seem the best in the world to have a cell I know I was there , with Virgin mobile ... Honestly they suck , they cost you crazy ... Let 's just say it is more expensive then a pay phone people ! I spent so much money onthis crap and the antenna broke off and all the cheap parts broke and it was n't worth it ... 25 minutes for first 10 mnutes !!! 10 cents after , well if yoy dont use lots of minutes then it really charges you ! So yeah there it is I switched to Tmobile prepaid , better phones great stuff ... and it is a lil tough to get past symone the automated voice lady !!!!
 Apparrently you have not looked carefully at the Virgin Mobile policy with a magnifying glass . There are also things in there that they do n't even tell you . When I researched their website regarding their day 2 day plan , the website never said anything about having 35 cents taking out of your account everyday . I had to contact them and to clarify that they were going to take out 35 cents everyday even if you do n't use your phone . I have also taken many weeks to reseach many of independent prepaid wireless providers as well also , therefore do n't say that I have n't done my research . I spent almost a month and a half researching these companies . Do you really think that you 're getting a good deal ? Why do n't you take all the days that you use your phone and add all the fees and minutes that you used and see if you 're really saving anything . You ca n't because you are constantly switching back and forth with each plan not realizing that you are paying about 30 % in fees . Besides you are all just a bunch of kids that do n't know any better . You guys are just getting suckered by Virgin Mobile and do n't even realize it . Hell Virgin Mobile is ROBBING YOU GUYS BLIND AND YOU GUYS DO N'T EVEN REALIZE IT AND THAT IS REALLY SAD !
 I found the timeQplus Biometric machine not the easiest thing to set up and use , but I got it working . I needed to refer to the manual to do many of the setup steps and operations . I did not think doing things such as enrolling employees and checking statuses were very intuitive . The reports were only marginally useful . For example , I could n't figure out how to see all employees currently clocked in.The worst thing about the device is that I found the fingerprint scan to be very finicky and unreliable . Sometimes it worked ok and other times it took 4 , 5 , 6 tries to read the fingerprint.I give it 2 stars instead of 1 because the product has a great concept and has a lot of potential . If Acroprint can improve the fingerprint readability and update the software to the look and feel of a modern application then this product could be very beneficial .
 People need to be aware that this clock has an internal battery that is not useraccessible . To fix it , you have to send it back to the company for repair . We had about 25 employees and I can imagine the problem going without a clock for 4-5 days with 125 employees . Or you can buy a reconditioned clock and they will give you credit for the bad clock when they receive it . Also , my clock must have been in Office Max 's warehouse for over two years according to AcroPrint 's records . We had this clock less than 10 months and in service less than 8 months when it malfunctioned .
 So I am a desktop support tech and a programmer . The hardware , and software is very disfunctional . The initial setup was very time consuming , and I had to re-enroll/do fingerprints almost 3 times over per each work location . Even after the issues were resolved by the companies tech support . It would re-appear the next day ! I received a multitude of disabled user errors , and was very displeased with the 3 days waiting period to hear from a tech who obviously knew very little . I actually was the one who completed the upgrades , because apparently the tech could not even figure it out ... 90 hours into the project of getting this set up , and I have over 120 employee 's all very upset that they have to write their time.The idea is a good concept . Just needs a complete make-over on the intial program , and configurations of it all .
 Acroprint Review
 This is a problematic item to instal and to set.I had to give it away because its not a very good choise .
 We purchased this product at a chain office supply store less than three years ago . It was somewhat easy to install , but the manual does not go into much detail about setting up the system and enrolling employees . After only a few months , we started having a problem with the punches going into an already-finished time period . I tried calling support , who was not very helpful , downloaded a newer version of the software , but still had the same problem up to present time . Then we started having a problem with the timeclock itself not updating the time . Called support and was then told that I would have to send the unit back to them so they could replace the battery in it , which would take several weeks - I would have to pay for a rental timeclock and replacing the battery . I found a work-around through the software where the computer the time clock was attached to would send a time update every minute . Finally , just this week , we had another problem with the time clock not being updated to the current time . When I tried to log into the software , it refused to let me log in and just gave an error message that did n't make much sense . When I tried to get the punches from the time clock manually , there were no punches stored . Time for a new time clock - and NOT one from Acroprint !
 Powers off automatically and does n't remember tare setting , so for constant monitoring it is a major pain . It 's significantly less useful than a $ 10 bathroom scale . Overall this is overpriced junk , do n't buy it .
 This scale is ALWAYS off by at least 5 ounces . . Own a mail order business and finally just threw this piece of junk in the trash , got tired of getting calls from my customers informing me that they had to pay extra postage . . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I am a dog breeder and I bought this scale to weigh my puppies daily . At first I thought this was a pretty accurate scale , but when I took the puppies for their first exam and weighed each puppy on the vet 's scale , this scale was actually not accurate at all.I know it is meant for a postage scale , but truly , a scale is a scale and should be accurate !
 Received - 3/8/06Died - 3/10/06In between . - I was using it for German . The vocabulary isis small despite the ad claims . It only has theroot words.It would be much better to have it do one languagewell than 16 poorly . Obviously , it would havebetter if it worked more than 2 days too .
 The translation is horrible . I am fluent in English and Spanish and out of 10 words , only 2 were correctly translated .
 This is a `` really cheap '' product . It should most likely sell for $ 10 or less . It is n't even listed on the manufacturers website . Mine got stuck on a phrase and started beeping - even the `` reset '' button did n't work . Finally after pressing all the keys `` harder '' something unlocked and it works again .
 This was one of the few inexpensive translators that would translate to Greek . However when you translate English into Greek it displays it in the Greek alphabet which I am no good at pronouncing . A phonetic translation would 've been more appropriate .
 I still have not gotten this Lingo to work properly.Can I call the Manufacturer to help me?Please advise . Thanks .
 This translator should have been a comprehensive dictionary of words of a given language . Many critical words to help one translate signs , menus , and the language are missing . In fact , many needed words are missing . This is a half-hearted effort to sell a product . It would have been much better if they would have chosen fewer languages with a full dictionary of words instead of a scattered selection of words with a few phrases thrown in .
 I wanted a good quality tape packing tape dispenser to replace a cheap red one that had been knocking around the garage for years . That one had served well but finally broke while I was putting in a new roll . I chose this one because it seemed like the best of the non-gun grip dispensers . Big mistake ! While it 's sturdily built , the cutter blade is neither sharp enough , nor sticks out far enough to cut the tape . With each try , you end up mangling the end of the tape before it finally breaks . I tried pulling the blade out a bit and using hot glue to cement it in place , but that did n't work either . After two hours of futzing with it , I finally threw it in the trash . Avoid this one .
 after applying the tape the tape sticks back onto the roll instead of staying on the dispensor . it does not work well at all .
 this so-called ` rugged ' green laser fell apart within one day . no care or precision went into making this product . i 've owned several green lasers and this ` ruggedized ' p.o.s. is not worth your time or money .
 I have had this phone for about 4 years . I was happy with it for the first two . It has great features , never any problems with it until ... After a while you will notice the #s on the keypad start sticking . Panasonic recommended doing something with it to fix the problem but it did n't work even a little bit . Most people would n't be able to put up with this . The problem gets progressively worse and worse . For a while I was using the back of a pencil to dial , but it results in mis-dials 90 % of the time . Finally , the buttons have stopped functioning all together . I now dial from the base on speaker , and then pick up a handset once someone answers . Not worth it because by the time it happens it 's much too late to return it .
 I have had this phone for 6 months and it works - but the battery life is not good . The phones are now to the point that the battery life is very short . I expected much more with a product made by Motorola . I tossed my sony wireless for this one and wish I had not .
 The reception on this phone is so bad that my cell phone reception sounds better . People I was speaking with commented on the crackling sound and I often could n't hear what they were saying because the sound faded out VERY frequently . This was not due to wireless interference , etc as I live in the country , far from anyone else . Also , the battery did n't hold a charge for very long . I could only tolerate 5 days with this phone before I finally gave up and returned it . I am now using my old cordless , which has very few of the bells and whistles , but has great sound quality , long range and no interference.The bells and whistles on the phone are great . But who needs options if you ca n't use the phone for its intended purpose ?
 I really like the way this phone looks and its heft . Too bad that the phone has horrible sound and is completely useless for that reason . My wife and I both had to throw up our hands after a single day of use and use our cell phones in order to carry on calls with friends and co-employees . You can not hear half of what other people are saying -LRB- everything is very weak and scratchy -RRB- and you can not be heard clearly by anyone you call -LRB- ditto -RRB- . It is just as bad on the built in speakerphone or using a headset . Motorola should be ashamed of this one , it 's just awful . I have already stopped using the two phones we bought , and replaced them with a competitor 's . Save yourself the money and you will also save the incredible aggravation caused by this terrible phone . Did I mention that I hate this phone ?
 Fresh out of the box , the NiCD batteries can only support about two hours of talk time . That means that if you have home office , you have to charge it at least once during the day or rotate handsets . Talk about a pain in the @ ** . As such , this design is a failure . F - .
 Bought a new MD751 home , charged for 16 + hours and never worked ! Vendor commented that they recieved a lot of returns on this phone ... errors say - out of range , registration failed , no line even though other cordless phones work fine on the line . Motorola referred me to a subcontractor for assistance that never called back - so Motorola is n't even interested in what their customer problems are ! Bought a 5.8 GHz Panasonic KX-TG5428C that is getting 5/5 stars .
 This phone has a reasonable set of features , and a good , compact form factor . Unfortunately the headset turns out to be uncomfortable and unwieldly to use , and more importantly the sound quality is appaling . It is frequently difficult to hear the other party at all
 This phone is the coolest phone - it has all the bells and whistles you could possibly want . Polyphonic ring tones , speakerphone , 50 number storage phone book , expandable system up to 8 phones . I would have LOVED this phone had it not been for one crucial detail . The sound quality was horrible . There was constant static , and everyone 's voices had an electronic `` echo '' . Additionally , the phone seemed to cut off the last syllable of every other word or so , making it impossible to have an intelligent conversation . Everyone I talked to got sick of hearing me say , `` Huh ? What did you say ? '' and begged me to get another phone . I even exchanged the first one , thinking I had gotten a bad apple , but sure enough , the second time around was the same story . I returned this phone today . Motorola , listen up , awesome features , but when it comes down to it , they mean nothing if you can not use the phone for what it was made for - conversing .
 I had to delete my first glowing review of this product . After only 10 days it is now showing defects that initially did not show . I think it may suffer from bad wiring because problems are intermittent . When it works , it 's great . However , at times the ringer turns itself off - without my assistance . For example , the phone was ringing fine for several hours one morning for all calls , but I suddenly noticed that although calls were coming in , there were not making the phone ring . I checked the options for ringer , and it said `` off '' for daytime call rings . I had n't made that change . The call quality is growing more tin-like the longer I use the phone . The battery wo n't hold a charge for more than 20-minutes to 60-minutes while on a phone call . I did follow directions and did charge the battery for 24-hours -LRB- they recommend at least 16 hours of charge -RRB- before ever using the phone . The phone is being returned . I 'll stick with my Uniden phones from now on . Very disappointed , since the phone is very comfortable to hold in the hand , and very comfortable against the ear . Construction looks excellent . But , I think quality control inside the phone is lacking . Too bad .
 I bought the base unit and an expansion unit -LRB- MD-40 series -RRB- . Look great , but that 's where it stops . Within 3 months I was getting an Out of Range message on both phones ... no dial tone , no ring , unuseable ! I called Motorola and no one seemed to know what they were talking about -LRB- did n't have any suggestions on the proble -RRB- . What can I say ... poor product with no customer service . Stay away from this phone , it 's a POS !
 I purchased the item with the base with the answering machine . I have always trusted and used Motorola telephones . because I only have one phone jack , I bought the expandable system , as they usually do NOT require a phone jack . I have no phone for my bedroom now , and because of my trust , MOST of the packaging is somewhere in my new home . So I can not return it . It should have said that another outlet was required for the expandable phones .
 I was looking for a handset that would not interfere with 2.4 Ghz wireless that has taken over my neighborhood and caused many reception problems . Saw the Motorola 5.8 Ghz and thought I 'd give it a try after trying out a Panasonic 5.8 Ghz which sounded like I was talking through a tin can . Unfortunately Motorola was just a bit better on sound quality , but not much . The last part of every word gets cut off . I could n't go far from the base without loosing signal and the volume was low to medium . Battery life was marginal at best . I am slightly hard of hearing , -LRB- but have perfect pitch -RRB- so having a little more juice in this department would be good . The features are okay but , layout and interface are primitive compared to other phones in this price range . I guess the 3rd time is the charm because I ended up finding the 5.8 GHz Uniden Tru 8860-2 finally with normal human voice quality and volume when needed . The layout and functionality for the features are intuitive and easy where the phone is not drawing attention to itself because of it 's quirkieness and low quality -LRB- Motorola and Panasonic . -RRB- Take it from me , if you are looking for a 5.8 Ghz phone , get the Uniden
 I wanted to love this phone ... it looked great and had many slick features such as turning the ring down in the evening and custom rings for known callers . But , static , crackle , and a very short range make this phone virtually unusable . I had bought a base and 2 extension phones . These phones were expensive and would have been worth it if they worked as advertised . But , sound quality is a joke . Thank goodness I kept the receipts . I used to think that the Motorola name meant quality when it came to communication equipment . Obviously , they 're not above using their name to soak you on a half baked product now and then . I ca n't wait to take them back ... When the manager asks , `` Why are you returning them ? '' I 'm going to ask , `` Why are you selling them ? ''
 Here is my experience with this phone . Your experience may vary depending on where you live , how you have your phone cord attached , if you have a computer near by , and what you look for in a phone.My biases and reason for buying the phone .1 . Wanted a cordless phone to use a headset with .2 . Wanted an easer way to retrieve my calling card phone number and pin than Panasonic 's method .3 . Looking for good sound quality with speaker phone , handset , and headset mic volume .4 . Currently own a Southern Telecom DP-650 $ 19.95 , and Panasonic KX-TG2313 . The resultsThe goodOver all great looking phone , small base that done not take up much room.It has easy to press buttons.The menu interface is pretty easy to use , store numbers , and retrieve them.Extra ring tones a plus.The badWhen you dial you hear a beep and then the touch tone . Annoying sounding . Good news is that you can turn off the beeps if you poke around the menus . The manual does not tall you how.I had it attached to a 50 ' phone line that goes from one end of the room to the other and passes over lots of power and computer lines.My other two phone sound great and with no interference . I had lots of interference and noise on the line . Voice in the handset was hard to understand . Sounded fake and lacking in low end sounds.When using a headset , speaker sound quality was improved but others on the other end said speaking volume was to low to hear comfortability . Much lower than when using handset . Not really usable with any headsets I have tried with are all in the $ 40 range . I was using a Shure Quietspot headset which has very good sound and good mic level on any cellphone.Battery is a NiCad and battery life is short . After a 45min conversation the battery was about half gone.Didn ' t get to see what range it has , but from others reviews it is not very good . I had lots of static just moving the handset around near the base.Speaker phone is pretty quite on max volume . Lower than on my Panasonic . It was hard to hear the person . You can not stand the handset up for speaker phone use . Must lay down.Called tech support about low headset mic volume . They only recommend using a Motorola headset . On sound quality they blamed interference from computer and answering machine . Taking the answering machine out of the loop did n't help . Ca n't do much about the computer near by . When mentioning that I had no problems with my other 2 phones , the tech told me that Motorola phones are more sensitive to interference than other cordless phone . So I must have everything perfect for them to sound good . So your sound quality mileage may vary depending if you own a computer or how you have your phone cord run.Over all I liked the phone at first , but as it does not work well with a headset and interference and handset sound quality was bad , I returned it .
 Would n't work out of the box . Continually received `` out of range '' message even when connected to the charger . Requires complicated `` registration '' procedure when used with additional handsets . Terrible owner 's manual with absolutely no troubleshooting help . It went back for a refund the next day !
 This phone 's aesthetic design , ringtones , and lighting effects are awesome . It 's just too bad that it flunks in a phone 's most necessary area
 This is a pity . I really thought I finally found a decent phone , and that Motorola made much better then all the known garbage made by ATT , V teck , GE , Southwestern bell , etc.Until ... . After only two weeks the phone could not dial normally . It only recorder the second digit I entered , etc.So back to Target it went . Instead I brought a PANASONIC 2.4 GHz . I believe Panasonic is the only one out there with pretty decent phones in today 's market.To the credit of this phone I must say , all the other problems mentioned here , like clarity , reception , etc. . I DID NOT have with this phone . Though I am happy it turned out so fast what a piece of garbage it is , while still holding on to the receipt !
 These phones worked fine for us until we changed our phone service to a cable company - serviced phone line . I am no techy , so I do n't know exactly what the problem was , but the phones WILL NOT RING . They recognize the incoming call , the phone lights up and the caller ID works , but no ring.We spent almost an hour on the phone with Motorola and they finally concluded that the phone just would not ring with this phone service.We are returning the phones and seeking another brand that is compatible .
 Terrible reception -LRB- bought from Best Buy for $ 94 ... much higher than Amazon -RRB- . Worked with Motorola CS with no positive results . Replacing with Uniden 5.4 -LRB- already have several and should not have deviated from a known -RRB- .
 I bought this phone because it looked cool and had the features I wanted . Plus I have had good experience Motorola mobile phones . But that has n't translated into good cordless phones . Sound on this phone is absolutely terrible . I junked it within a week and bought a Panasonic - Panasonic is way better .
 We 've been through 2 generations of this phone and they suck . Why we gave them a second chance I do n't know . The buttons that get used the most stop functioning after about a couple of years . Then it 's off to the landfill . I am FED UP with this trend in products to stop working after a limited amount of time . So long Motorola .
 This phone has design flaws known to Motorola . Moto wanted to send me a new one which actually worked . I will go with another brand .
 The subject says it all ... Vonage has a `` work around '' for Vista , but it does n't work .
 Vonage failed to state that there were Vista compatibility problems before selling me the V-phone . -LRB- When I purchased the V-phone , Vonage already knew that it does not work with many versions of Vista . -RRB- Despite several hours and multiple calls to their tech support , they failed to figure-out how to make it work . I finally learned that they have no fix to make it work with Vista Home Premium . They have refused to refund most of my out-of-pocket expenses , despite knowing full well that I would not have started with that device , save for their malicious misrepresentation of its capabilities . Do business with this unethical company at your own risk .
 Like some of the reviewers , I 'm also short , 5 ' 3 '' and have trouble sitting at business conferences . Usually at hotels , the chairs were designed for men . Too tall for me . So I bought one of these folding footrests . It made my handbag heavy . When it 's already stuffed with the things you pick up at a conference , heavier is n't a plus . But most important , it was wobbly , especially on carpeted hotel floors . Instead of adding to my stability , I was clenching my back to keep my foot steady on top of it . Two feet on it was not good at all . For me , an error buy . But maybe that 's just me .
 This product is ridiculously small . One Foot barely fits on it much less two . It was even small for my child 's two feet . The metal bars that are supposed to hold the legs upright flip closed with the smallest amount of jiggling . I do not recommend this product .
 I am not too crazy about it . They need to make it wider and also install rubber under the legs so that it does not slide
 Both my daughter and I have this phone set and the same thing has happened to both of us . They worked just fine for a few months , then the keypads stopped working . I 've actually got the base and three handsets , and two of them have keypads that wo n't work . The 3 , 6 and 9 are dead on one phone , and you have to press hard and hold them down on the other -- it 's like they do n't make a connection . I ca n't find a way to take the handset apart to try to fix it , either . It 's also very hard to cradle on your shoulder , and when you do , your chin hits the `` volume down '' button . I 've had my set for 1 year and my daughter has had hers for 9 months , and we 're both going to have to get new phones soon . Unfortunately , I wo n't be buying any more of these .
 After about 1 year of having used these units I can say that the voice quality is very good . The display on one of the units has gone bad . I ca n't recognize the characters on it anymore as a lot of pixels are not displayed.The keypad on one of the units is pretty bad . Sometimes when I press the keys they do n't work at all . Then when I press the key hard , the key gets registered twice . This is very unpredictable and annoying when you are trying to dial a number or entering digits for an automated voice response system .
 As other reviewers have reported , the keypads on these phones start malfunctioning 6-12 months after purchase . The keys become sluggish - almost non-responsive - and then if you push really hard , the number gets entered twice since the key then bounces . Terrible phone . Stay away from this turkey .
 This phone set does not work properly . Whenever I would get a phone call , this phone would malfunction and somehow make the phone line go into a busy signal . I would answer the call and there would be no one on the line , but then notice I had a message waiting on my voice system . When I tried to call into my voice system my phone would have a busy signal sound ... no dial tone . I then would have to unplug all the phones and wait a while before plugging them back in to get the sound to stop . Also , when I tried to make calls on the phone , the interference was so bad I could here my home stereo through the phone.I 've since bought another phone system by Motorola , and it works perfectly .
 As reported here and on other sites , the keypads stop working on these phones after 6-12 months . I have 2 that broke just after the warranty period . I 'll never buy another AT&T product .
 I have long had call-waiting as part of my service from the phone company and have used it on a variety of phones without any problem . Even phones that were n't designed for it allowed you to switch between calls with the `` hang up '' key . I got this phone and discovered -LRB- in a somewhat embarassing way -RRB- that if you 're on one call and a second one comes in , you hear a beep and then you 're suddenly on the second line , without you doing a thing . I got switched over mid-sentence so the person on the first line thought I had disappeared -LRB- though could see that we were still connected -RRB- and the second person heard me answer the phone with the second half of my sentence . One can imagine worse but this was bad enough . I tested it out several more times on both handsets , played with the `` flash '' button all to no avail . I called AT&T ; and they said they had never heard of such a thing . I got a replacement through Amazon and the exact same thing happened with the second set of phones . I still had my old phone on a third extension and still have no problems . I did all kinds of tests switching extensions and having my friend call from his cell phone and it was a consistent problem . And a BIG one . I returned the second set as well.If you do n't have call-waiting , the phone is n't too bad for the price but if you do , it makes for some really bad phone calls .
 In the description it says 25 pieces will be sent , I got ONE . One card holder . That 's it ... nothing else , no receipt ... nada . So $ 12 for 1 card holder ... I will send a message to the seller and see if they make it right , but I 'm not very happy as of now ... **** UPDATE **** I called amazon customer service - they were very nice and are refunding my money . She said she would look into it and try to fix the problem so it wo n't happen to other people . So thank you amazon = -RRB-
 I read the product info -LRB- stating fits cards up to .30 mil -RRB- but had no idea what 30 mil was . This holder does not fit RFID cards . Waste of money .
 This item arrived with one ID card holder in the box -- Not 25 ! Amazon refunded my purchase price but it seems a bit odd to advertise 25 and send only 1 . I see it has happened to others also .
 Stay away from Lingo , you will have nothing but problems ... oh , and good luck trying to cancel the account ... they wo n't let you .
 Folks , I have no clue about how good this router is , but I can voucher for the many concerns before me who had problems with Lingo service . These are my comments : Pro : - Cheapest out of the bunch until they lifted the priceCons : - It 's a hotel California deal . You can check in but you ca n't check out . I have been trying to cancel this account for months now since Feb. of 06 and now we are heading into June 06 . When I got through to someone , they told me that they can only cancel my account after I returned the modem . Once they have my modem , they tell me for security purposes that they ca n't cancel my acount until I call in to cancel . - The reception I had was horrible . Everyone I talked to said they could not hear me . I called and called in until I got someone and the techs tried to tweak things around but still the reception was horrible . - Worse yet , you can not download anything and talk on the phone at the same time with even worse reception . - Like others said , it is very difficult to get a live voice . Most things are done via email . - If you want to upgrade or downgrade your service , then it 's a $ 9.95 charge and a $ 40 cancellation fee within the first year.Granted phone quality could be dependent on the area , but when I switched to Vonage people were able to hear me clearly and most of my complaints were resolved . The downside to Vonage was they did n't have my local area . However , the savings and the service was worth the switch .
 We bought two of the beamer tv video phones , one for ourselves and one for our family out of country . When I set it up it came on for about one minute , and then just went to a black screen saying no input . I reconnected everything repeatedly and went over the manual . Then I tried the other beamer tv for our family and it did n't work at all . Just a black screen . I 've tried to contact Vialta and they hav n't gotten back to me . The customer service phone number in the owners manual is disconnected and the website to register your product is unavailable . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 PLEASE Do not buy this item is very bad because they tell you that it works and is not true i got it and did not work at all and them when i returned they keep 15 % of the price so for that experiment i lost like $ 80 with S&H. ; if you do not want to lose your money do not try it
 This was a replacement for a Vialta Beamer that was damaged . The same product we odered from this site however did not work .
 First , the camera is very low quality . I have a lot of light over-exposure , even when the blinds are closed and a rainy day . Also -LRB- perhaps because of it -RRB- there are hardly any colors.Second , the two units I bought do n't want to exchange their video . I have been reading the manual over , and over again . We tried it many times , but the two units do n't want to connect.This technology is not as simple as Vialta wants you to believe it is.Also , I noticed that a lot of units are being sold through Ebay - another sign that the Beamer does n't work for most users.And , Vialta does n't have a forum in their website . To me that 's an indication they have a lot of problems they do n't want you to know about before you buy the Beamers.My opinion ... a simple waste of money .
 This is the second time I have tried a Vialta Beamer . First the tabletop version and then the TV version . My children and parents were so excited to see each other while talking on the phone . We thought that this technology was truly made for families like ours . Unfortunately , it is just not there yet . The picture is not clear and it ca n't really capture any motion from the kids . We were truly disappointed again in Vialta .
 First , the camera is very low quality . I have a lot of light over-exposure , even when the blinds are closed and a rainy day . Also -LRB- perhaps because of it -RRB- there are hardly any colors.Second , the two units I bought do n't want to exchange their video . I have been reading the manual over , and over again . We tried it many times , but the two units do n't want to connect.This technology is not as simple as Vialta wants you to believe it is.Also , I noticed that a lot of units are being sold through Ebay - another sign that the Beamer does n't work for most users.And , Vialta does n't have a forum in their website . To me that 's an indication they have a lot of problems they do n't want you to know about before you buy the Beamers.My opinion ... a simple waste of money .
 I am not happy with the results I have gotten using this product . I bought 2 video phones , one for my granddaughter and one for myself . I am able to see her , although picture is not clear , but she is not able to see me . This would be a great idea if the bugs had been worked out first !
 This video phone is the biggest garbage in the world . I bought one it is a waste of money . Video quality is horrible and cheap !! U will not be happy with this . I also have a motorola OJO video phone . That is much better than this . If your gon na get a video phone get the OJO . The price is higher but the video quality is superb !!
 I love Casio Calulators ! I have four others
 It sounds like a great idea and I was really excited to complete the project . However , it has taken me TONS of time and I had to go buy new glue to even get it to work . The kit comes with really useless glue in a horribly inefficient dispenser . The glue does n't hold corks in . Not to mention the corks never quite fit right so your cork board will never look like the example picture . I wish I had n't wasted my time and money .
 I ordered 2 of these boards and both of them were bent . They were warped pretty bad . One had a pretty bad gouge in the board . Very poor quality . There was NO damage to the boxes so I do not believe it happened in shipping . I believe it came this way from the factory . But I was able to send them back with no problem , and actually found nicer ones at a cheaper price thru Webstraunt on Amazon .
 My second order , came with a hole in the center or the blackboard . The first blackboard I ordered came poorly packaged and came bent right down the middle ! All because of poorly packageing . I will not order another one .
 I got some of these wrappers with the Royal Sovereign coin sorter that I just bought . The wrappers are just a little too big for the coins . They do n't hold the coins nice and tight like the ones you get from the bank . They 're also too long , so when you fold up the end the roll looks like someone unwrapped it and took a few coins out then wrapped it back up . I 'd stay away from these if you 're looking for industrial looking and sturdy coin wrappers .
 The wrappers come neatly boxed and organized , but they are not normal spec . They are a bit oversized so the coins tend to move around in the wrapper even when fully closed . They do n't really fit well in my automatic sorter either . I would not recommend this brand of wrappers since I have bought other brands at the same relative cost without this being an issue .
 Same exact coin rolls at the dollar store but they are packaged by N.F. String & Son Inc. . The package contains 36 wrappers for $ 1.00 . 6 packages = 216 wrappers = $ 6.00 . Wrappers for machines or by hand , exactly the same wrappers .
 This toy may be cute , but it stops functioning after about a day . This is far too expensive for what you get .
 It 's okay if you 're making something GIANT , but for something actually realistic , this is HORRIBLE . If you want something smaller scale go to : http://www.amazon.com/Sax-Fast-Acting-Plaster-Gauze-Wrap/dp/B0042SUVFU/ref=reg_hu-rd_add_1_dpThe one on the link above is better for crafts . THIS one is just one 20 pound wheel of plaster , completely useless . I strongly recommend not getting this . I bought it and it was HORRIBLE , not to mention it would n't let me return it , not even the day it arrived . Save yourself the trouble and DO NOT GET THIS .
 Shopping for a mousepad is a lot more difficult than it used to be . I had a nice Everglide Special Ops mousepad I used for like 7 years . It had cool gfx on it , and had a deeply grooved surface . Even after all that use I had n't worn it smooth , but it finally started to crack with age . After much research , and much desire to not spend $ 25 + on a MOUSEPAD , I had n't made any progress towards picking a replacement . Eventually , I took a leap of faith and got the Wow!Pad , simply because it did n't look any better or worse than the others I 'd looked into , and the price was OK.It 's a big mat , but it 's very thin , so if it 's too big , simply tuck part of it under your keyboard . I probably would n't recommend it for use in those under-the-desk keyboard drawers , though . Actually , I would n't recommend it at all , but I 'm getting ahead of myself . It was GREAT when I first got it . I had just put fresh teflon feet replacements on my Logitech G5 -LRB- not the teflon tape , but full feet replacements -RRB- , and those , combined with the Wow!Pad , made for an amazing mousing experience
 I got this pad hoping it would give me an easy gliding surface for my mouse . I own several mice between the 3 computers at the house and a couple at my office . Regardless of which mouse I use , the surface of this pad requires an additional push to get things moving . Then you overshoot your target -LRB- Icon , text , hyperlink ... you name it -RRB- . The designers may in fact be genius . At $ 10 it 's not worth a return trip to the store to get your money back and they probably make them for a buck . Sound business plan . I wish I had purchased a 10 dollar pet rock . At least I could find a use for it , like holding down papers.This is not a gaming mousepad , it is barely a mousepad . Get the neoprene pad and save yourself the misery of seeing this thing and knowing you were had .
 Never thought I would call a mouse pad loud , but with a current apple wireless magic mouse the pad is loud . The plastic strips on the bottom of the mouse rub against the plastic texture of the Wow!Pad and , for me , are too loud . On the plus side , my old worn out 3M Precision Mousing Surface sticks well to the large surface of the Wow!Pad and is functional again . It is also much quieter.There you have it ... a loud mouse pad .
 I was hoping for the best based on most of the reviews . When I placed it on my freshly cleaned desk , it would n't stay put . Cleaned the mouse pad and tried again with the same results . Complete waste of money .
 - I 've used a Microsoft Sidewinder Mouse -LRB- Optical -RRB- with it . - This mouse pad has endured about 2 hours of use a day over 5 months.The precision of this mouse pad is fantastic.But , the backing made essentially of very tiny indents in the plastic does not stick very well to the surface of a desk , so mouse movements can often move the pad around . Not all the time , but enough that it can become annoying.Further , as a result of friction over time , the textured surface has smoothed out to the point that parts of the pad have become reflective . The reflective surface causes optical mice to be imprecise , making the mouse pad useless after less than 6 months of use.Overall , I 'm disappointed . I just purchased a `` Fellowes Microban '' mouse pad for 5 $ and I 'm much happier with it .
 This mouse pad is BIG -LRB- which was what I was looking for -RRB- , but it 's made of a thin , hard plastic . It 's really awkward to use w / an optical mouse . I do n't get the feel I was looking for from a regular mouse pad -LRB- soft , plush-like -RRB- . It 's like using one of those PC gaming mouse pads . I do n't like it .
 When you think of a mouse pad , you think of the word `` pad '' . This is a piece of thin plastic with a design on it which did n't work wonders for me . Your better off using a old newspaper . Sure maybe most mice dont need a pad anymore but if you can stand the sound of your mouse scraping along this products surface then be my guest . Also , mine came damaged with a big marker point size dent in the middle . Was not impressed or even slightly satisfied . I advise the seller to be more clear in the description of this product . And I advise buyer to shop in person !
 The ad for this pad seemed so wonderful , I could not resist . Upon receipt I find this pad to be really overpriced and over-hyped . It is less good than older pads costing much less . Do not be drawn into the hype for this pad .
 The mouse pad works great , but it does n't stay in one place . Another thing is that it is smaller than a normal mouse pad . If that 's what you are looking for then this is the one . The moving around killed it for me .
 I bought the Allsop mouse pad at the recommendation of a guy at Office Depot . Took it to the office and loved it . Went back and got one for home ... loved it there too . But ... after four months they both started to curl or bow up and would not stay put on the desk . Have send three emails to Allsop customer service with no replies . I like the way the pad works so well with the mice that I am thinking of getting some spray adhesive and permanently glueing it to my desk.It appears that Allsop Customer Service does not exist or does not care .
 Despite the claims of `` For Use With Optical or Standard Mouse Pads '' , it 's too slippery for my ball mouse to grip , which sort of misses the point of a mouse pad . It may work for optical mice , but those are n't supposed to need a pad.I 'm still a little vague as to why I 'd want to use a mouse pad with my mouse pad , but I 'll chalk that up to the usual lack of proofreading in Amazon product descriptions .
 WOW!PAD Thats what caught my attention when i recived it , it was padless.I was looking for something thicker.If memory serves me correct your discription was fine mabey i did ` nt read it throughly .
 This is a complete waste of 10 bucks . It 's merely a thin piece of plastic with a textured design on it . The backing which does have a `` sticky '' feel does nothing to keep the pad from sliding all over my clean wooden desktop -LRB- it may actually function on a glasstop ??? -RRB- . I 'm not a huge fan of having to chase my mouse `` pad '' around the desk ...
 I purchased this a year ago , as my other cloth mouse pad was a bit smaller , and also a worn around the edges and such . I decided to go for a larger mouse pad ... When the pad arrived , I recall being a bit disapointed in plastic . I thought it would be cloth , not plastic . I decided to keep it , and give it a try anyway.I missed the softness of cloth , that was my first impression.Soon after , I began to notice a `` rough '' feeling when moving the mouse , upon inspection of the soft feet on my laser mice -LRB- I have two of these mousepads -RRB- , I 'd see grey/black rough residue stuck to the four feet on the mouse . I 'd scrape it off with my thumb nail , and smoothness would return to the mouse 's glide.I do n't recall ever having to deal with this , when I used laser or optical mice on a cloth mouse pad . If I did , it was very rarely . This cleansing reminds me of the build-up I would get when I used a mouse with a ball . I feel this has something to do with the material on the mouse pad . Either it is shedding plastic onto the mouse feet , or it does a good job transferring `` gunk '' to the mouse feet.I also notice that the mouse pad , after 1 year of use , has some smooth areas . This is where the mouse glides most . I have worn an area into the mousepad ! Perhaps the plastic that I wear off , is what is transferring to the mouse feet?I did n't care much for cleaning the ball and rollers in ball mice , and I do n't care for cleaning mouse feet all the time . After a year of this Wowpad , I am going to try Corepad , who makes large , CLOTH mouse pads.In general , the mousepad is n't too bad . It is very thin , and some people like that . It also tracks very well with my optical mice -LRB- one from 2001 or so , the other 2008 -RRB- . However , after 1 year of use , I have to go back to cloth . I have worn away the matte finish on this mousepad , and I believe what I wear away is part of what becomes stuck to the feet pads on the bottom of my mouse , and end up having to be scraped off with my thumb nail once every week or so .
 Having upgraded from a 3m optical mouse surface , I was hoping the larger area would be a great improvement . I was not happy to find out that moving the mouse at certain speeds and certain angles would cause it to jump to the edge of the screen . Perhaps I was spoiled from the 3m surfaces , but I could not play games requiring Line of Sight scopes having it bounce . Had to return it .
 This is a disappointment . The sticky stuff on the back lasts about a day or two . I did clean the glass desktop before using , but that did not make a difference . I suppose you can go and purchase spray on sticky glue , but the product should work that way .
 I purchased this mouse pad about a year ago for the large size . A few months ago , I noticed very erratic movement of the cursor when using the mouse . After changing mice , keyboards , and usb cables , I found that the surface of the WOW mouse pad had become `` polished '' and reflective and it caused my optical mouse to skip and behave erratically . Changed back to an old mouse pad with no further problems - would not recommend .
 I had a wow pad for my optical mouse so I bought another one , this one . I use a logitech G700 laser gaming mouse . This pad made my mouse skip and stop working to the point where I could n't navigate . I grabbed a manila folder and walla , the mouse was tracking fine.I would swear by this pad for optical mice , just do n't use your laser gaming mouse with it .
 If you are looking for a mouse pad with very smooth plastic surface this pad is for you . However I found this smoothness detrimental . It is so smooth that when clicking the mouse it will cause cursor to jump . You have to click the mouse button repeatedly to elicit any action . After a while this gets very frustrating .
 I ca n't understand the positive reviews for this product . We purchased ~ 6 of these pads for workstations around my lab . With every single pad , the cursor randomly jumps to the edge of the screen . This does not happen when we switch back to normal mouse pads . Also , the pads do not stay in place -- they slide around all over the desk . When new , the pad backing is slightly tacky to grip the desk , but the grip quickly wears off . The only good things about these pads are -LRB- 1 -RRB- they wipe clean , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the large mousing surface . Very disappointing .
 Ok yes it 's big , yes it functions , BUT for the money you 'd think it would at least stay in one place . I was expecting a Mouse pad with the soft foam backing but this is essentially a large piece of firm , thin plastic ... and it slides all over the place . I taped mine down .
 they say this thing sticks to your desk but i guess no one has ever used it on a wooden desktop . still slides around like crazy . also , understand this is not like a typical mousepad . it 's not thick and cushy . it 's basically a thin sheet of hard plastic . might as well just call it a desk protector , not a mousepad .
 The pad is large and the response with the laser mouse seems ok -LRB- at least better than my desk but nowhere as good as a Razer mouse pad I had tried previously -RRB- . The back of this pad is slick as well so it has a tendency to slide around .
 I bought the more expensive version even though I could n't find a difference in product description . I was hoping for quality . However , it is shabby . I may as well had saved a few bucks . Excess glue made the sections stick together and I had to pull them apart . Then , it was flimsy . It is a good concept ; just needs better construction .
 I 'm not sure about the availability of this item . I ordered back in November and now it is almost May . I get requests from Amazon periodically asking for extension of the expected delivery date . I contacted customer service and they explained it was a special order item and they do n't know when they might receive stock . This is all very mystifying as I 'm sure Cross sells 1000 's of these pen refills every day .
 I have had this phone for several months and found it to be of very poor quality . The phone regullary just cuts out where I cant hear the person on the other side , and have to change channels . There is always a hissing noise on the phone and very often crackling in the background . I have two different phones of this model and have the same problem with both of them . The phones also say out of range alot , even though they are only 2 feet from the base . I advise against this phone .
 I love the phone and its features , but the battery fails on you quite often . After overnight charging , it wo n't last for 3 minutes . After a few days of this , the battery completely fails . We ended up getting a new phone
 My experience with the Panasonic KXTC1851 has not been a good one . The phone does have great reception . However , for those unfortunate souls on the other end of the phone line , the sound quality is EXTREMELY poor . Every time I speak to someone they tell me that it sounds like I 'm talking through a pipe . Most people ca n't even recognize me when I call ! Another problem with this phone is where you position your ear . The speaker is at the top of the phone and there is only a microscopic indention for your ear which makes it very uncomfortable to use . I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 I have had this phone for one month and at first it did n't bother me , but now I am tired of everyone I talk to telling me I sound like I 'm very distant or in a cave . My previous experience with Panasonic cordless phones was excellent , but this one does not have the same quality as my old analog cordless phone which it replaced.Update
 The phone is very convenient for the user ; especially used on a belt with a headset . However , remote users complained of low , distant sound . Most disappointingly , the battery life has deteriorated quickly , and after a year it is nearly unusable .
 I 've never written a poor review for a product so I 'm reluctant , but given that the phone is so new and is now having so much trouble , I figure I 'd better warn other consumers . Also I bought this phone primarily because of customer comments here , so I might as well share this experience.While it could be that I just managed to get a lemon , the fact that this product worked beautifully for six months leads me to think otherwise . Usually lemons never work . For six months this phone was great , but about a month ago the LCD screen 's contrast got rather dark and unfixable making the Caller ID and directory hard to read.Now the phone has begun randomly cutting out -- it will stay connected to the party with whom I 'm speaking , but it goes dead for a few seconds and neither party can hear the other . It has also started crackling at random . I try switching channels , but to no avail.The phone was great when it worked properly . Given its longevity and its price ... I would strongly recommend checking out a different phone .
 This is great phone till you are on a receiving end speaking to someone who is using it . The sound is very poor . As other people noticed it sounds as if you are in a cave . Often people using the phone are nor aware of it . I think it is an essential element of a phone to transmit a decent sound . This phone fails this elementary test .
 My old Panasonic 900MHz phone is the best cordless phone that I 've ever used . However , I wanted to upgrade in order to get the caller ID , a headset jack , and phone directory features.I did n't see any reason to get a 2.4 GHz phone , since clearly my 900 Mhz -LRB- analog -RRB- phone worked perfectly for my application , so I chose the 900 MHz DSS KXTC1871 . Feature wise , it had everything that I could want in a phone.However ... :1 -RRB- The phone directory was uncomfortably slow ... moving from entry to entry took way longer than it does in my cell phone .2 -RRB- People on the other end of the phone could immediately notice that I was on a new phone . The voice quality on my end seemed fine , but they complained .3 -RRB- The phone would sometimes cut out and beep at me , but I had no idea why and was always within 15 feet of the base station.To it 's credit , I was impressed with the follow features :1 -RRB- The speakerphone was good , meaning voice quality was very acceptable .2 -RRB- The answering machine was great . No complaints whatsoever.I do n't think it 's impossible to make a perfect home phone . There 's nothing special about cordless phone technology these days , and they should be at least as useful as my trusty Nokia cell phone and sound as good as my * old * Panasonic 900 MHz phone .
 This phone was a disaster from purchase . Problem No. 1
 Panasonic KXTC1871 900 MHz DSS Cordless Phone with Answering System , Dual Keypads , and Caller ID -LRB- Black -RRB- Sold by
 Panasonic products seem to be engineered to start failing exactly after the 1 year warranty . First , this phone started losing battery power after about 30 minutes of talking . Changing batteries did n't help . A couple of months later , the charging has completely stopped.Incidentally , my Panasonic DVD player failed exactly 1 year 3 months after I bought it .
 This phone is completely unusable with every headset I 've tried so far . I 'm told by Panasonic 's Customer Service Dept. that I must use one of the bulky , clumsy , uncomfortable looking Panasonic headsets . I 'm pretty sure that this is a sales ploy , and their headsets wo n't work any better . This is such a great phone in every other respect , which makes that problem with the headset even more disappointing . I would have given it 5 stars otherwise .
 After doing extensive research , I settled on this phone and am truly sorry that I did . Everyone I speak to asks if I have them on speaker phone , the answering machine is cumbersome to operate , and reception is spotty if I walk into the next room -LRB- which defeats the fact that this is a cordless phone ! -RRB- . Do yourself a favor - do n't get this product . I am never again going to buy panasonic . When will someone make a good cordless/answering machine ??
 Made a mistake sticking with the usually reliable Panasonic brand .1 -RRB- Handset broke within 1 year2 -RRB- Dropped signal walking to the next room3 -RRB- Awkward controls for answering machine
 I have been thoroughly disappointed by this phone . The only reason I did n't take it immediately back to the store I purchased it from was because there was no comparable phone out there -LRB- for less than -LSB- amt -RSB- -RRB- in terms of features when I bought this piece of junk.I have generally always been a fan of Panasonic products and have another 900mhz phone made by them which works wonderfully.But this phone rarely allows me to pick up the handset and actually make a call . It simply can not `` make a connection to the base '' . It consistently asks me to put the handset back on the base and try again . Note , I 'm only 2 feet from the base at most.It has this same problem when I try to answer a call . It has gotton so bad that I 've given up trying to answer with the handset and just pick up via the speakerphone . Once again , two feet from the base.Lastly , the handset is too small . Why does every manufacturer think a business oriented phone needs a handset the size of a matchbox -LRB- exaggeration of course -RRB- . I 'm using this phone in my home office , not trying to carry it around with me like a cell phone . I personally like something that caresses my entire cheek so I can actually tell where the phone is.Take my advice , if you got the money , try something different , do n't buy this thing , or buy one of the el-cheapo units out there . At least with the el-cheapo units , if they do n't work you wo n't feel you 've been ripped off so much .
 If you like to HAVE TO answer your phone using the speakerphone - this is your phone!If you like to CONSTANTLY UNPLUG your phone to try to get the handset to work with the base - this is your phone!If you like buttons that stick and double-punch - this phone is for you!If you like calling Panasonic to complain , only to be told that there is nothing they can do while they admit that they have troubles with their phones in general - place your order today!If you like pouring your money down the drain - now 's your chance!If you have any sense at all - run away as fast as you can !
 I agree with most of the reviewers here . When I first bought this phone , it was the only one out there in a sort of reasonable price range that had two lines and was able to have separate answering messages for the two lines -LRB- important because I have a fax machine hooked up to the machine -RRB- . I also bought another 2-line Panasonic phone at the same time -LRB- without answering machine -RRB- for another area in my house . Both phones are terrible . The 2nd phone I bought cuts out all the time and people ca n't hear me . It constantly loses a connection to the base and also wo n't answer when I pick up the phone to answer . Now for this model KXTC1891 ... less than two years later and my battery is dying like you would n't believe ! And it 's another $ 20 to replace the battery ! When you 're on speakerphone , people ca n't hear/understand you . If you accidently bump the phone and the ac adapter comes unplugged , you have to reset your time/day . It does n't have any shortterm memory to keep this information -LRB- but it will keep any saved messages you have -RRB- . So now I 'm looking at a new phone since I 'm having problems , the quality of Panasonic phones are TERRIBLE and I really need the expandable concept in my house since I only have 1 phonejack for my entire first floor of my house . The selection out there for expandable 2-line phones is somewhat limiting especially since I 'm not going to touch a Panasonic again .
 I agree with the previous review that this phone has an impressive functional capability , but I think the one that I received was released from manufacturing on Quality Assurance 's day off . Fresh out of the box , all audio information changed volume level in a random manner , with no programming.This includes receive signals well asinformational beeps . At times the received signal would fade away entirely ; even with the user standing next to the base unit.While programming inputs to the Directory , the `` save '' key began sticking . Again , the occurence was random ; at times it would operate properly and at other times the key would have to be pushed from two to six times before the command would be executed.I reluctantly concluded that this puppy was not going to heal itself and that my only re course was to box it up and return it . I am getting another model Panasonic and trust that it will perform up to my expectations since I have one other Panasonic that has been flawless .
 I loved this phone . It had great features and it seemed well made and durable . Everyone in my family liked the phone . I thought I had finally found the perfect cordless phone . It stopped working after approximately 28 days . So I continue in my quest for the perfect cordless phone .
 We have been looking for a 900 Mhz DSS phone with answeringmachine for a couple of weeks -LRB- in white only -RRB- . I thought this phonewould be good , but I went to a store to check it out ... and found thehandset is very small and thin . It is so small it is difficult tohold the phone between your sholder and ear . I did n't want the extraexpense of buying a headset , so we passed
 This works for a few days holding down the carpets , but then it stops sticking and the carpet does n't stay ... we use this for the small rugs in our entrance , and at the bottom of the stairs ...
 I bought this to secure an entry way rug in our office . The back of the mat is rubber and it was to secure it on berber . The tape stuck to the berber , but not the back of the mat . But then neither did the industrial strength velcro I tried . I would only use this for carpet to hard surface . Not really heavy duty use .
 This tape does not stick at all , it for sure does n't stick to a rug , but I am too lazy to return it .
 The tape I received had only one side.I was disappointed and returned it which Amazon credited money back to my account.Amazon is great for backing the products sold on their site.I will try Home Depot next .
 Had some rugs in the house that would slip when I stepped on the corners and wanted to apply carpet tape with double sided adhesive to the bottom of the rug to prevent the slipping . I discovered the tape I had ordered/received had adhesive only on one side and called the manufacturer 's customer care center -LRB- Intertape -RRB- , but was given no assistance to return or replace the item . Later , when I got Amazon 's e-mail request to rate/review my transaction , I rediscovered that the description of the tape -LRB- Intertape # 9970 -RRB- I had ordered was , in fact , double sided adhesive , and further that it was shipped by Amazon and not a marketplace vendor . After explaining the problem to Amazon 's Customer Care , I was given a return authorization with understanding that I would be refunded upon their receipt of the tape . My lesson is
 I used this tape for a rug that was curling back at the edges . The tape works for a couple of days but then the edges curl back again - the stick does n't last . I would n't purchase it again .
 I used it on a runner which i put on a carpet.too keep dirt from tracking in more . Now maybevif input it on a hardwood floor , it might have worked . Oh well , il try something else .
 I have area rugs all over my house because I have 2 large dogs that ca n't stand on hardwood without falling . I bought this after reading the review where the lady used it on hardwood floors and it had n't moved . She might want to check for any damage . I called the company and spoke to a technician and he told me that it could possibly cause damage to my hardwood . That was all I needed to hear .
 I have outdoor carpet in my garage area and used this tape on the back of some scatter rugs and the rugs still shifted , did not stay in place . After reading some of the reviews I really thought this tape would work - disappointed .
 Used this for area rugs on hardwood floors -- did n't hold the rugs , but , in removal took the floor coating with it . This was in every case , so now I have refinishing to do . Beware of this product !
 This tape is not sticky enough to hold a carpet square so I can imagine that it will also not work with an area rug . Not at all worth the money .
 Very hard to remove plastic to expose stickum , when I moved the rug all the tape stuck to the floor , had to be thrown out . also the rug moved and balled up rendering the tape useless
 This tape was advertised to stop slippage on any surface . I used it on runners over hard flooring and carpeting . We are tripping over these runners all the time - very annoying and dangerous . Do not waste your money .
 I bought this tape to hold down some oriental rugs that are on top of low-pile carpet . It 's not holding the rug down and starting to buckle again in several places . Not recommended for this use .
 Do n't get anything from this company Ace Photo Digital all of their devices are crap they sent me a Ectaco Dictionary that wont even turn on !
 How many refills are with this package . 12 or 24 wish they made it more clear . What is the total number of refills . If it is 24 great deal . If only 12 , than cheaper at cross site .
 This phone has been nothing but problems for me . I never dropped the phone once , but static will come on . To get rid of it , I have to flick the back of the phone until it goes away . This knocks the battery loose because it is not secured , just barely touching the contacts , and in turn disconnects the phone call ! . I try to place the phone back on the base unit , and it does n't charge until I hit it . What a piece of junk .
 This phone was really bad because it stopped working withen the first 2 weeks I had it ... I had no idea why !
 I recently purchased the vt-1920c from another online retailer . After receiving the phone , we hooked it up to replace our older v-tech 912 analog 900MHz -LRB- it has no caller id , which is why we go the 1920 -RRB- . Unfortunately , the older analog phone sounded better -LRB- less echo , more incoming voice volume -RRB- . We sent back the 1920 . The only reason I gave the 1920 2 stars is because of its good feature set .
 The phone is ok , nothing more . The reception from outside callers is fine , but when I talk , my own voice in the earpiece has significant static -- it 's pretty annoying!The phone is heavier then I thought it would be -LRB- Maybe all 900MHZ phone are , my old cordless was analog -RRB- and it 's not very comfortable when holding it with your shoulder and no hands.I live in a relatively small apartment and was surprised that when I went to another room -LRB- maybe 50 feet away -RRB- the calls would cut out ! And this is why a bought a 900 mhz digital phone!Finally , a complaint would be the apparent inability to program the numbers into memory alphanumerically . In other words , I have to scan through a list of phone numbers , instead of seeing , `` Mom and Dad '' , `` Office '' , etc. I probably would have sent it back , but unfortunately , I tossed the box , so I guess I 'll live with it .
 I sent this phone back . The handset is heavy and does not feel comfortable in your hand or against your head . The worst was the echo I heard of my own voice . Oh , by the way , the rebate offer expired in 1999 . So do n't count on that to make this phone worth your money . My advice - pass on it .
 i have a small home -LRB- 1400 sq ft -RRB- . this phones signal would break up when i would walk from one corner of the house to the other . people i spoke to on the other end complained of static and the frequent `` cutting out '' of my voice . plus the echo drove me nuts . i 'm sending my phone back ... not a good deal .
 Do n't try mounting this phone on a wall . It 's very difficult , with one small tab , to get the phone to stay in its cradle . Also , life of nicad battery will be shortened while phone is in cradle , but there is no viable alternative . Phone has poor tone quality and insufficient volume . Also , the $ 20 rebate offer really expired a month before delivery and did NOT match sample rebate coupon in promotional information . I am sending this unsatisfactory phone back .
 This phone is going back this weekend . Very poor coverage within the house -LRB- static -RRB- , the keys stick , and there is not enough volume . You get what you pay for !
 This product does not have very good range and it does not fit very well to your ear . Do n't count on holding it on your shoulder either . The features are `` OK '' . The phone constantly searches for channels which interrupts conversations when you go outside your house/apartment .
 As another reviewer said , the volume is insufficient , even when turned up to maximum . With the slightest background noise , you will not hear the other party . Would try a Toshiba , but reviewers have had battery problems .
 I bought the VT1920c last year at Fry 's and It sucks . The keys stick when you are dialing , the head set is designed poorly so that my head bumps the buttons if I 'm not careful
 As soon as you pick up one of these pads , the cardboard rips off . Seriously , these are the worst pads ever made . I simply threw out the whole bunch .
 I bought this phone in late july and 2 weeks later the batery died while I was using it I put in the charger and the phone would not charge or stop beeping I finally threw it away because it was surely broken .
 First I had the blue one , then , thinking color would matter , got the dark green -LRB- but it is identical other than color -RRB- . With BOTH of these , I had the phone for 6 months or so , and then , starting 5 minutes into a call , what can only be described as `` wind '' would start in the background -LRB- both I and the other person i was talking to could hear it -RRB- . It would get louder and louder until you could not hear the person and it sounded like they were in a blizzard . This thing was on the charger whenever I was n't on it -LRB- ie
 This phone is pleasing to the eye , but I found that this phone was too clunky . When holding this phone on your shoulder , you may end up hanging up on the person . The talk button sticks out in a way that its easy to hang up with a slight touch of your ear . My roomate had this phone at college and did n't find it handy at all . I would have liked to have a redial button too . The volume could be raised so that your own voice would be louder , but the person to whom you 're speaking will still sound distant . Sound quality was bad once I walked in to the next room as well . I do n't recommend buying this phone .
 This chair is not worth the price tag . It 's poorly made , provides little to no comfort and quite frankly feels cheap -LRB- foam , plywood and fake leather for starters -RRB- . I feel ripped off that I paid $ 100 plus shipping for this . I could have went to Ikea or Target and got something much nicer for the money I just wasted . Someone that works for the company must be posting positive reviews because I do n't see how anyone and I mean anyone could feel this is a good deal . One of the worst decisions I 've made in my adult life -LRB- as far as buying is concerned -RRB- . This is not the chair you want .
 I Bought This Chair Cause It Had Good Reviews . That Is Why I Am Writing This Review.Reasons For A Bad Review : # -LRB- 1 -RRB- Smaller Than The Last Computer Chair . # -LRB- 2 -RRB- It Has Hard Cushions Not Cosy At All In My Opinion . # -LRB- 3 -RRB- This Chair Does Not Go Low Enough For My Wife 's Feet To Reach The Floor . # -LRB- 4 -RRB- Nor Does It Fit Under The Computer Desk At The Lowest Setting . It Just Sits Too High At Lowest Setting.I Thought That This Chair Would Be A Good Chair Cause It Was More Pricey Than The Last Chair i Bought , And It Had Good Reviews . My Last Chair Was A $ 50 Walmart Special And Was A Much Nicer Chair . **** NOT Worth The Money In My Opinion Period . ****
 The issue is with the poor construction of the chair , I work for a very large bank and was presented w/the option to work from home so I purchased this for my home office and was searching for a mid-level , comfortable chair at a moderate price and though the cost of the chair was reasonable , the shipping was ridiculous . I recieved the chair AND WITHIN 1 HOUR of putting it together , one of the arm rests cracked , causing me to tip out of the chair . -LRB- Please note I weigh 225lbs and am 6 ' 1 '' -RRB- I immediately contacted AMAZON and then was directed to contact the Green Group via e-mail where I told them of my disatisfaction . I was told that I would be refunded the cost of the chair minus shipping and would have to pay for shipping to return the chair as well . If I would have done that , SHIPPING would have cost more than this HORRIBLE chair . I WOULD NEVER BUY FROM THIS GROUP AGAIN AND WILL REFER THIS TO ALL OF MY FELLOW WORKERS WHO HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE OPTION FOR THE WORK FROM HOME PROGRAM `` Bowen '' Leather Executive Office Chair w / Black Base & Gas Lift & Tilt w / Lumbar Support .
 I was very disappointed with this product . The only issue with these pens is that the ink flow is very poor , but that 's a BIG problem for me . It bleeds around the curves in my letters making the words look sloppy . If I pause for too long I am frequently met with a glob of ink pouring out the second I put the pen to paper . I had a set of these pens a while ago and they were the BEST . Sadly , I could never find them when I went to office supply stores . I figured they 'd gone out of business . Naturally , when I saw them on Amazon I was very excited and bought 2 boxes . Bad idea . Now I 'm out $ 20 and have 24 pens that I do n't have any desire to use . I would not suggest this product if you like neat and fine lettering .
 The color of this product is pretty light , but the major problem is that the pens bleed all over the page !
 I bought a pack of of Pentel R.S.V.P. pens a few months ago , and have since thrown them all away . The pens are comfortable , and they hold well in a shirt pocket . However , the ink does not come out smoothly , and it tends to be very light colored .
 WARNING !!! Avoid the box of 12 !!! Mine came today and each pen had a bar code sticker on the cap , as if the pens were for individual resale.The stickers are tough to remove and leave a film , they are not package friendly stickers.I will never buy this box set again , and in the future I plan to stick to the regular packages .
 This is the second time in six months that one of these pens has left a substantial splotch on a page that ultimately got transferred to a pair of my work pants , and the ink does not wash out -LRB- I 've purchased expensive cleaners to try -RRB- . These pens occasionally and randomly bleed a lot of ink onto a page . Sometimes these splotches , which do not dry for minutes , get picked up inadvertently on a hand , which then may be swiped against clothing.I understand that nearly all pens will leave a small splotch that might transfer to a hand , but most pens do n't leave so much that they will continue transferring to additional objects -LRB- something like a `` second order '' transfer -RRB- . I 'm done with these pens . My $ 70 pants can no longer be worn to work due to the extensive ink damage from these pens .
 I tried four of these pens -LRB- 3 fine point and 1 medium point -RRB- and with each one I had the same results . They wrote nicely for a brief time and then stopped -LRB- no ink -RRB- . If I shook them repeatedly I could get them to write again but only for a short time and then the ink would stop flowing again . Ended up throwing them out , one after the other . Then went out and bought more pens -LRB- another brand -RRB- .
 I like the features and design . but what does that really matter if the reception is poor ? I have a 1700 sqft home , and experience reception problems from one side of it to the other.I 'm suprised and disappointed.First day of use and regreting the purchase already .
 The new Unidens are very cool and have some very nice features , but they just do n't have enough range for a big house.Over the past month -LRB- August 2004 -RRB- I have tried the latest models of just about every major brand that offers 5.8 ghz multi-handset cordless phones - Uniden , V-Tech , AT&T ; -LRB- made by V-Tech -RRB- , Motorola , and Panasonic . Each of these phones is nice in its own way , but only the Panasonic had enough range to receive and send clearly from one end of the house to the other . Granted my house is a little large -LRB- 3,600 square feet , all one one level -RRB- , but the other brands maxed out about 2/3rds of the way through the house . I have a WiFi network in the house , and had no interference issues from that with any of these brands . I do wish the Panasonic could expand to a total of more than just 4 handsets , but that is a minor issue . Those big honking twin antennae on the base unit seem to actually work . Please note that I got the version without the answering machine , so I ca n't offer any opinions on that part of this .
 The reviews that refer to this phone 's extremely poor quality are dead on . I bought the TRU8865-2 base unit + 2 handsets . At the same time , I purchased another TCX800 handset unit to expand my handsets to 3 . All three handsets have terrible connectivity with the base unit all the time . The range is pathetic , and under the very best of conditions , the handsets cut out constantly , clipping off my sentences . I 'm doing all this as I follow ALL the troubleshooting tips - stay away from electronics , disabling wireless networks , blah blah blah ... Despite its priciness , the wireless phone system is the worst I 've ever owned .
 Just got my TRU885-2 and an extra handset ... THE GOOD
 This phone had everything we wanted and more ... speakerphone on both the base and handsets , the shareable phonebook , the baby monitor , the walkie talkie feature - yup it 's loaded . Uniden forgot one thing
 I live in an 860 sq. ft. apartment , and the reception cuts in and out when I am on the opposite side of the apartment versus the base . I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 I was used to the Panasonic GigaRange phones and I should have purchased that , but I did n't because I already have a 2.4 network running here.So ... I got these thinking that the 5.8 would be plenty to spread across the home , even purchased a few extra base units . Sadly , it only works in the very room the base is in , all the other rooms it is spotty and difficult to have a conversation.I called Uniden tech support and they were far less than helpful , saying that the house was interfering with the signal . I even informed them that the wireless network had connectivity in ALL sections of the house , even out towards the pool and that I could n't even use the phone out in the hallway outside my room!I 'd not recommend this phone for anyone who wants range on the cordless , but if it 's a small apartment or single room office , that 's perfect!Now I got ta find out how to return this thing and get something that 'll work .
 Owned the base unit & one handset for 8 months . About once a month the unit would stop working . Proceeded to unplug the unit and let sit for awhile then reconnect . Unit would be fine for another month then would have to repeat the process . This last time the phone would not function at all . Tech support could not figure out the problem . Was told someone would call me which of course never happened . Could never get in touch with tech support again , constantly on hold . Removed the battery & trashed the unit .
 I purchased this phone because it is exapandable and you can add up to 100 entries into the phone book . WHAT A JOKE !!! I have two handsets and each holds only 37 entries . 1 week after purchase the writing on the buttons started to wear off . When you try to dial a number that 's on the caller id , it does n't automatically add the 1 in front of the number . I 'll never purchase another Uniden ever again . It also loses its connection to the base so you have to unplug it then reconnect it for it to work again . It 's worthless !
 The product is a very nice and solidly built . The only problem which essentially renders the unit useless is that the range is appalling for a 5.8 GHz phone .
 This phone was listed as NEW on Amazon through DAKAMART and it is NOT NEW . It states on the product box that it may contain refurbished parts . Mine obviously did as the base was scratched . DAKMART 's receipt blatantly says new on it as well . DAKMART also subscribes you to `` Sync '' magazine without your permission . -LRB- send a self-addressed stamped enveloped to unsubscribe and get $ 4.99 back on a `` Free '' subscription !?! -RRB- 1 month later the phone no longer gets a dialtone after making calls.This is blantant misrepresentation and Amazon would do well to reconsider their relationship with DAKMART .
 I bought this phone to replace a Uniden expandable 2.4 Ghz model that interfered with my wireless network . But for that , I was very happy with the phone system . So I figured an upgrade to a 5.8 Ghz model from Uniden should provide me with the same features and benefits with no interference , yes ? Well , after hacksawing through the plastic packaging and setting it up , the best I can say is that the TRU8885 does n't interfere with my network but it does n't do much else either.The big issues ? 1 -RRB- The handsets take FIVE seconds to connect to the base . Yes , five seconds while my friends and family are forced to wait saying `` Hello ? Hello ? '' while I sit impotent waiting for the phone to establish contact . 2 -RRB- Once I actually connect , the reception is terrible ! Constant static , electronic squeals , etc. such that I ca n't hear what the other caller is saying unless they speak loudly . And since there 's no ability to change security channels , the only solution is to suffer through the call or hang up and redial . -LRB- This option is obviously not realistic if one is stuck in a Customer Service queue with significant wait times . -RRB- I gave this item two stars because it does have a nice feature set . But if you ca n't actually use the phone , it 's useless . Some reviewers appear to have no or few problems ; others report similar disasterous results like me . So it 's a crap shoot . As for me , I 'm returning the phone and will probably end up with a higher-priced Panasonic . : - -LRB-
 I 've had this phone over a year , and every once and a while I would pick it up and no dial tone . I would unplug it , plug it back in and most of the time it worked . Now it does n't work it all - no dialtone whatsoever and no help from Uniden . I do not recommend this phone .
 Surprised to see all of the positive reviews . It only takes about 50 ' before my signal breaks up . Once I walk downstairs , it will cut out completely . My prior set was a Uniden 2.4 ghz , and it definitely had better range . Nice features , but due to the lack of range I would not buy this product again .
 I 've had these phones for a year now and the batteries are already dying . After 30-45 minutes off of the base both phones begin beeping and last about 5 more minutes . Pretty ridiculous given the cost and that my old panasonic cordless still lasts about 10 hours off of the base.Of note , when these were new they did have great range ...
 I bought this phone for my father and the two line version for my own house because we have wireless networks and the existing 2.8 was n't cutting it . This phone is a piece of junk . I wish I had my old 2.8 G back.They tell you it has excellent range but that is just not true . It cuts out on us from just one room away from our base station and it is virtually impossible to use from upstairs . You would be better off to stick with your existing phone or buy a 2.4 G phone because this one is completely useless . I ordered online and am out postage both directions and a 15 % restocking fee , but this phone is completely useless.I read the only review that was posted when I purchased , but do n't believe it . It has to be a mfr . plant .
 My parents bought this phone for the range and when I call them if they are outside it breaks up . Ca n't hear them speak and it 's very annoying . Also picks up all background noise and amplifies it . May work well for the person that owns the phone , but it 's awful for the person calling you !
 When you tuck this phone in between your shoulder and head -LRB- to talk without hands -RRB- the big button that ends your call presses against your face and hangs up the phone!This is just bad design . It does n't matter if the reception is good or bad -LRB- mine is just OK -RRB- if the phone hangs up while you 're talking .
 I have been looking to get a replacement phone for my 900 mz Uniden cordless along with my 10-year old answering machine and have given serious consideration to this phone.However , I will pass . The problem is with design . Why , in heaven almighty , did the people at Uniden think that a smaller telephone is a better telephone ? The buttons are way too small on the base !!! If I need to put my face constantly within 12 inches of the phone in order to see what the buttons are , then that phone is staying in the store . And my eyesight is pretty good.The phone can have all the bells and whistles it wants , but it needs to meet minimum ergonomic standards for convenience purposes . Uniden failed here.There are many people who seem to love this telephone ; however , I bet there are many more people who passed this phone over for the same reason I mentioned above . Hopefully , Uniden will correct this flaw in the next release of this line .
 This system was our solution to having a peaceful co-existence between our phone needs and our wireless requirements . The 5.8 phones do n't interfere with wireless internet connections and the Uniden seemed to have a fairly good track record . We purchased our set from Costco in 2004 . However , tomorrow afternoon , it 's going back.It was easy to set up , associate preset tunes with programmed phone numbers and input the information into the phone book . Even if we added a new number to one handset , all four phones -LRB- the base also serves as a phone , albeit a speaker phone -RRB- could be updated with the new addition to the phone book . However , while you can associate a speed dial slot for up to , I believe , 10 numbers , there are no instructions on how to actually use the speed dial . For that matter , the instructions were severely lacking and many of the features the phone appears to have , we never did figure out . I do n't consider myself a stupid person , but using this phone left me to sometimes wonder if I might be suffering some sort of degenerative brain problem.The upside of this system is : > room monitor - a few button pushes and you can effectively `` monitor '' a the room where the handset or base are located > intercom > long term retention of digitally recorded messages even when power is disconnected for several hours > interchange of phone book with all units with just a few pushes of buttonsThe downsides have been : > room monitor - both units will beep loudly when the connection is being made -LRB- so much for stealth mode or monitoring the room where there 's a sleeping baby -RRB- and dramatically shortens the life of the battery -LRB- I could get about 10-15 minutes and then one of the phones would die . -RRB- > faulty display panel on one unit which would fade away intermittently but enough to make it maddening to use it for anything other than receiving calls ; > severe power loss to units . The batteries were tested and it turned out they were not at fault , it is something in the handset . Initially it was the faulty display handset alone that gave us problems , but then a second one started to go . The phone will show a full charge but when a call came in , it would reset and show a welcome screen , clear out to 12:00 and then chirp because it claimed it had `` low battery . '' Others are reporting the same problems , I 'm finding . > erratic static and `` out of range '' displays even when within feet of the base unit and frequent dropped calls -LRB- even when all units were working fine -RRB- . We 're returning this system and looking for another . There is no godly reason a system should need to be replaced this soon . Our previous system , also a digital , worked for over 10 years . We only elected to replace it so that we could expand our sets -LRB- we moved to a larger home -RRB- and wanted a system that worked well with our wireless Internet needs . This was a costly system comparative to others on the market and given the lack of adequate instructions , support and the overall poor performance of this system , we 'll be looking towards a different 5.8 GHz manufacturer altogether .
 We 're ready to throw this system into the trash . When someone calls us , if one of us picks up the phone , we can not call the other to pick up their receiver . It just says `` line-in-use '' On some occasions it works and can we both talk , but more often it wo n't let other handsets join the conversation . I certainly hope there is a way to bypass this feature , because if there is n't , we 'll have to just junk the whole system which has six handsets . I have tried the instructions on `` call transfer '' and that is a complete joke . All the other handsets then say `` out of range '' even if they are lined up right by the base unit . If two people want to get on the line at once to chat , it seldom works , short of going through the trouble of setting up a conference call . Our old system did n't have this problem.Kenneth Potter , Valley Cottage , NY
 I had been looking for a good 5.8 system so it would not interfere with all the 2.4 equipment in my home.I bought this Uniden and have been very disappointed . It has poor reception and lots of stray noise on both ends of conversation . It sound like an ocean pounding on the beach.I tried a Panasonic that my sister has , in my house and did not have the same problems.Looking at other reviews , others have not had the same trouble , but I have to be honest and say mine has been nothing but a disappointment .
 I live in a suburban area where we have had no trouble with previous 900 GHz and 2.4 gig phones . As Uniden has an excellent reputation , I tried this 5.8 GHz system.After 3 months I now have to buy a new system . The phones are very erratic with reception fading in-and-out whether we walk with the phones or sit still in some rooms of our house . There is often distinct background noise , and callers tell us we sometimes sound as though we are `` underwater . `` One of the 3 extra handsets completely failed within 1 month . It can not connect with the base unit , even when fewer than 6 inches away from it.This is just not a good system . I have read other reviews from people who love it . Perhaps these phones work well in some areas ; they are definitely substandard in our area.These phone are a big risk , and that 's just not worth the money unless you have money to burn .
 I am replacing my uniden system because it has become unreliable . These things occured when I initially got the phone 2 yrs ago , but they 're increasing . Sometimes when I 'm talking , the handset will go silent -- the call is not dropped , and the handset is fully charged , but I will `` lose '' the connection even though I am not moving from the base unit . When dialling out , I will sometimes get the message `` out of range '' even though I am standing next to the base unit . I 've also experienced no dial tone ; unplugging the base unit resets the unit and resolves this problem.I like the variety of features , but the entire system has become too quirky for my liking .
 I was so excited to buy this very attractive phone from the comapny that I regard as the industry leader . They have such a great reputation and this phone is beautiful design.It has everything I was looking for.BUT there is a huge problem , which is that all of the callers and people I am talking to say that I sound like I am underwater . Or in a tunnel . Every single person I talk to has a really hard time hearing me clearly . This is so sad and annoying . It 's unacceptable from a company like Uniden . Now I have to shop around again , and that is a drag .
 I bought this phone twice , AND returned it twice . I read so many glowing reviews I thought maybe my first Uniden was just defective.This phone does have great features , it 's pretty , and kind of fun . BUT the range is beyond HORRIBLE ! It 's a joke . I live in a small house . . if I go to the end of my home ... all of 45 feet . . this phone breaks up badly . I ca n't even use it in my basement directly below the base . What is the puropse of a cordless phone ... if you ca n't walk more than 40 or so feet from the base?Also yes the receiver end does sound rather good . But just leave yourself a voice mail if you have voice mail at work etc. . You 'll find that this Uniden does not sound good to others . The speech transmit sound is very dark , and almost muffled . I had many complaints that I sounded as if I were on a bad cell phone . Also you will hear YOUR voice in the earpiece ... which is good . But it sounds slightly buzzy and borderline distorted . It gets annoying after a while.Long story short I returned this phone twice ... and have since picked up the Panasonic 5200 series ... and it 's just SO much better than these Unidens . I doubt I had TWO defective Unidens . By the way I 'm NOT anti Uniden . THE best cordless I ever owned was a Uniden ... which has since died ... I say buy a Panasonic ... it 's much better than these new Unidens ... MUCH better !!!
 One requirement we have for a phone system is that the ringer must be relatively quiet and unobtrusive . Even with the National No-Call List , we still get a lot of unsolicited calls . And working odd hours , I do n't want to awakened just to hear some schlub hawking vacation rentals or long distance service.So , following the instructions , I set the handset ringers to a nice , low-pitched tone at low volume . That worked well . And I turned the volume off on the base . I was pleased to see `` Ringer Off '' on the base display . I thought everything was set.Lo and behold , when we next received a call , the base let loose with a very unpleasant , high-volume clatter . The ringer is most definitely not off , despite the text on the display.Emailing customer support , it was suggested that various household devices might be interfering with the 5.8 GHz signal . So I moved the unit around , moved the handsets around . Just seemed like stalling tactics . Then they said I could UPS it to Texas at my expense , and if I were very lucky , they 'd fix it for me at their expense.Easier just to return it and get a competing product . Too bad , it seems to have a lot of nice features . My only other complaint is that manipulating and removing caller ID records takes a few too many button presses.I do n't know if just my unit was defective , or all TRU 8885-2s lack the ability to change the ringer on the base . I have no confidence that the people staffing their customer support know , either .
 Item is terrible and must be returned . Very dissatisfied with the product .
 I purchased TRU9485-2 and had a couple of questions about speed dialing from handsets.Speed Dialing does not seem to work on the handsets.The seller told me to call Uniden at 800-297-1023 . This is the second time I have tried to call Uniden.I have been on hold for over 2 hours on this call without ever getting to speak to anyone.Very Unfortunate . This is definitely a deal breaker to me.Uniden has lost me as a customer.My experience seems to imply Uniden does not have much interest in providing customer service .
 The phone works like any normal cordless phone . Battery life seems good , sound quality good , has held up just fine through a few falls . No problems with the phone itself . But the answering machine is sketchy . The biggest complaint is that it records a message for every call . Even people that hang up as soon as the message starts . So for every missed call , you have a blank message . Not just one for the people who actually leave messages . And after each person hangs up -LRB- whether during the message or after they leave a message -RRB- there is a dial tone sound for a few seconds on each message . This is SOOO annoying . Annoying enough that I 'm getting rid of it and getting a Panasonic .
 Mine is faulty . Like another reveiewer 's unit , mine drops the dial tone and resets itself occasionally . It 's flawed . Design and feel are also not that great
 I 've owned this phone for about a year , and I find I 'm having more issues with it .1 - the phone 's reception is really , really poor -- especially for a 5.8 gHz phone . I 'm usually talking right next to the base station , and in half the calls it either echoes or breaks up to the point I ca n't hear them clearly -LRB- just like a cell phone -RRB- and have to call the person back .2 - it does n't have a `` channel '' button !! So if it does break up , you have no alternative than to try calling again , or go running in your house until you find just the right spot -- like some other reviews here mentioned . I could n't agree with them more . Even my cheapest 2.4 Ghz phones had ` channel ' buttons.All in all , I 'm sure you can find a better phone for the money .
 I have a Uniden 2.4 GHz purchased a couple years ago and it has been great . This phone was purchased for work which I frequently use it for extended conference calls . The battery and speaker quality are fabulous for the 2.4 GHz model.When it came time to replace my personal Panasonic which never could hold a battery charge I went to Uniden 5.8 GHz phone hoping the quality would be the same . The phone features and setup were great but the reception was horrible . We frequently went out of range within 20 feet of the base unit . I also found that I recieved frequent drops when I was on a 1 or 2 hour conference calls.As much as I want to keep this phone it is not dependable enough to keep and I ca n't handle the drops in the conference calls and out of range messages . I suspect this happens on regular less formal conversations as well . I 'm very disappointed they could n't repeat the quality of the 2.4 GHz model.I also want to voice the horrible packaging of this product . It is packaged in a plastic shell which make repackaging very difficult.If you want to purchase a Uniden phone - go with the 2.4 GHz model and extra phone . You will save about $ 10 - $ 20 and be happier with the quality .
 I had hoped this phone would be a winner , and I did find the features , and the sound quality of incoming calls to be superior . But when three of the first five people I phoned said the line sounded terrible , I knew it was a loser . I switched to another phone and everyone said I sounded much better . This search for a decent cordless/answering phone is more difficult than it should be and so many phones are hit or miss . I can not recommend this phone and wish I could . I have returned mine for a refund .
 The material and ergonomics of this phone is average . The selling point of this phone for me is its ability to connect up to 10 handsets using one phone line . Below are the factors that I considered before purchasing and my experience : Range
 I do n't know who writes these reviews stating no problems , but I 've had nothing but problems with them . The handsets keep going dead , that 's right dead , nothing works . I 've been told to reset them by holding the '' * '' and '' # '' keys while pluging in the battery and wait for the beep , this actually worked once , never again . I 've got a total of 4 handsets and 3 of them are currently dead . Obviously it was n't a fluke that one or even two went bad , but now 3 out of 4 are worthless and I ca n't reset any of them . Replacing these via Uniden is not worth the effor it would take to have this done , if you 've read their replacement/repair rules .
 I 've had the Uniden phone for 2 months now . It worked fine until today - nothing special but a solid phone . After today 's power outage , I now have to purchase new phones . The Uniden base unit no longer boots . We did have a short period of low voltage during the power out which I 'm guessing took out the phone . It is the only thing in the house though that did n't survive . I 'll not be buying another Uniden phone after this experience . I just expect better quality out of a `` quality '' device . If you have one or are buying one be sure you place it on a surge protector with low voltage protection .
 I previously reviewed this item and gave it two stars because of some of its great features . However , as I mentioned before , I have a small house -LRB- about 1400 sq. ft. -RRB- and the phone did n't work in much of it . People always complained that I was cutting in and out and they usually thought I was on a cell phone . It was worse than my prior , less powerful phone , which cut out only about half as much.Now , after seven months of moderate use , the phone has died . No sound goes in either direction . It 's beyond the 30-day period during which Amazon will accept a return , and I am still waiting to hear from Uniden to see whether they will replace the phone.I now ca n't say whether the phone 's problems all along were because it was a defective unit , or whether this is just a crummy phone , but I can say for certain that it does n't merit the rave reviews given here , and so far , customer service from Uniden is non-existent . I will update this again if they replace the phone and it works better , but I must say , I have seldom been as unimpressed with an electronic product . Nifty features do n't really matter if the basic functions do n't work . Amazon 's editing process does n't let you change the number of stars on a given review , but I 'd take away the stars and give this product nothing . This one is a loser .
 I did a lot of research -LRB- consumer reports , amazon , etc -RRB- and decided to get this phone . It has worked excellent for a couple of weeks . Now all of the sudden , the static , or interference , has been unbearable . Like the other reviewer said , you ca n't change channels or anything . The user manual says `` 1 -RRB- Keep the handset away from microwave ovens , computers , remote control toys , wireless microphones , alamrm systems , intercoms , room monitors , fluorescent lights , and electrical appliances . 2 -RRB- Move to another location or turn off the source of interference . '' Are they kidding ? Power down everything , then use the phone . I am going to return and buy another brand .
 I was excited to receive this phone , charge up the batteries , and try it out . Unfortunately , after plugging this phone into my line -LRB- Verizon phone service with DSL , DSL filter on the line -RRB- , about 80 % of the time the phone would not get a dial tone . Eventually I determined that somehow the the 8865 was dialing a `` 1 '' all by itself -LRB- an 800 number without a preceding `` 1 '' went through OK , a local number would get error `` do not dial a 1 for this number '' -RRB- . Dialing with the handset or base resulted in the same behavior.Thinking this was a bad unit , I tried a 2nd unit -LRB- same model -RRB- , this one did the same thing . @ $ # ^ % @ $ # ! So there is either a design flaw with this model or there 's a bad batch of 8885 's floating around . Uniden CS was polite but unhelpful , so both phones had to be returned.I gave this unit two stars due to it 's sleek design -LRB- though I think the base unit is a bit * too * small and the tiny buttons could be an issue -RRB- . Perhaps your luck with this model will be better than mine .
 Although this phone is relatively sleek looking compared to most others , the sound quality is attrocious . There is a constant metallic buzz as if listening through a '50s transistor radio . As others noted , the security code is a paltry two-digits , ridiculous.So many bizarre design omissions , I ca n't find a way to turn off keypad sounds on the base unit event though it 's available on the handsets . There is a big Talk button , but to end the call you have to press a tiny End button on the side . When I use the handset by my bed at night , the key pad is not lighted and finding that button can be frustrating . The LCD also shuts off too quickly so I have to turn on the light just to put it back in its cradle.I 'm still trying to figure out how to get the phone book on the base to be available on the handsets . When caller id is added to the phone book , it does not have a preceding 1 , so ca n't be used for dialing without editing it first . Editing is cumbersome as you can only delete the digits not just move the cursor to the beginning.All in all , quite a disappointment . I was replacing a cordless phone bought in 2000 and was expecting a lot more 6 years later . I was shocked at how backward cordless phones are in compare to cell phones . I suppose this phone is still okay compared to others , but in its own right it feels as if designed by amateurs .
 We bought this phone to replace a bad GE cordless . After doing a lot of research on expandable cordless phones and their features and reading reviews , we bought this one . All the features are great , but the sound quality is horrible . It is not consistent . The handset will sound great with one call , but the next will sound terrible . We can hear fine but the person on the other end says that we sound muffled and/or like we 're in a tunnel . It 's the same way when you use speakerphone or a headset . I thought for the money we paid we would have gotten a great phone , which it is if you do n't care if the person you 're speaking to ca n't hear you . This phone is being sent back today and my journey to find a good phone continues ...
 i hate to put this phone down given that i owned the older model previously and it worked well - that is , until the speakerphone started acting up , which is when i decided to upgrade to this latest version given the many positive reviews.naturally i feel this may be a random incident , given the many praises the rest of the amazon community seems to have for this model , yet i must illustrate the 3 main problems i have faced since receiving the phone.first , the speakerphone on both the base and the handset are described WAY better than they actuially are . for the first 2 days , no complaints on the other end . since then , people automatically ask me to take them off speakerphone given the echo it brings about .2 nd , i found a few annoyances , including an inability to view the number you just dialed -LRB- once you 've dialed it -RRB- , and the incredibly small buttons on the base.but the main issue i have with this phone , is the fact that it records a message for any and every call that comes in that prompts the outgoing message . even if somebody hangs up at the sound of it , the machine still take a message . it is incredibly frustrating . i can come back at the end of the day and have 5 new messages of nothing but dead air . amazing ... so , although i hope they do n't happen to you , please consider these as possibilities with your purchase .
 I have owned these phones for two years , right from the start I noticed the range was less than I expected it to be . I could barely step out side of my house and get reception , in camparison with my old Panasonic I could walk any where in my yard and even across the street and get reception . Recently I went to answer this phone picked it up and put it to my ear and nearly broke my ear drum . it kept ringing , I paniced and started pushing buttons , the phone just kept ringing , the handset was charged but would not respond . I missed the call ! Stay away from this phone !!
 These phones work great in our son 's home that is all drywall , but we are very disappointed that they only work in our home if you are in the SAME ROOM as the base station ! We have double wall construction , with soudboard insulation in some walls , and UNIDEN Customer Service just informed me that the 5.8 gig frequency does not go thru wooden walls ! They said a 900 meg phone would work the best for us . They said , `` you know , we test all of our phones in an open field with no obstructions ! '' So it is VERY MISLEADING that UNIDEN advertises these phones as `` the most powerful cordless phone ever built ! '' Live and learn , people !
 Sure , this calculator does lots of really neat stuff . It would be impossible to give a rating based on the features . Either it does what YOU need it to do , or it does n't , like any other tool.However , I can rate subjectively , and this thing is subjecting my head to a ROYAL headache !! The LCD viewing angle has been designed so that you only get good contrast when viewing it at a very weird angle - exactly the WRONG angle if you are in a room with overhead lighting or brightly colored walls . In order to get good contrast you must be looking at the LCD screen at such an angle as to make the LCD screen and the curvy faceplate reflect overhead lights , the ceiling , the walls , etc. . If you attempt to view the LCD screen head-on in an attempt to reduce these inevitable reflected light sources , and so that the characters on the screen are not stretched due to exaggerated perspective , or so that the buttons actually face your torso so they can be easily pushed -LRB- god forbid -RRB- the characters appear extremely -LRB- !! -RRB- dim . That is , the `` contrast '' is set all wrong , and I have n't found any way to fix it -LRB- a technology that was mature for hand-helds in the 1980s -RRB- . Now , if there is a way to fix the LCD contrast and I 'm just ignorant about it , I 'll gladly take the egg on the face to fix it and get rid of my headache . But I doubt it.Then there 's the hard cover . Like so many other calculators these days , it comes with a nasty hard plastic cover that increases the thickness by 30 % , and also increases the width a bit . And of course to go without the hard cover leaves you with nothing at all for protection . The soft cover some other calculators come with is thinner , lighter , and takes less PLASTIC to construct . But as we see all too often in thousands of OTHER made-in-China products , the more plastic you can get the consumer to buy and carry around , the `` better '' ... or something.So , just like most calculators , the hard plastic cover ` works ' but sucks and should be a separately purchasable option . And this perverted LCD viewing angle is almost prohibitively uncomfortable and the inability to adjust is beyond asinine.These are SUCH EASY THINGS TO FIX - it 's ridiculous that Sharp would put so much excellent functionality into such a miss-the-mark package . Where 's QA on this ?!? Made in China .
 I wanted to give this calculator higher marks . On paper it appears to have alot going for it : o two line displayo editable equation historyo persistent function memories -LRB- 4 -RRB- o `` 440 '' functionso bitwise logical operators and five number baseso neat cheat sheeto equation solverHowever , the more I got to know this calculator the more I disliked it .1 . The large glass panel covering the display -LRB- and the top 1/3rd of the unit -RRB- is highly reflective and makes the display hard to read under flourescents .2 . The two line display is a source of continued frustration . The top line , which at first appears to be the input area , shares this function with the bottom line . Function key presses register immediately on the top line . The bottom line is for numeric input which only registers on the top line when a function key is pressed . Yuk ! I often find myself having to delete redundant digits due to this input area confusion . Not so with the Casio Fx-115MS .3 . The -LCB- algb -RCB- function suffers from -LSB- 2 -RSB- 's poor functional separation of input/output . Prompting for variable input is severely restricted -- only the numeric input line is available -- thus no expressions , only simple numeric literals . To populate the variables with expression results you must first evaluate and store these BEFORE executing the -LCB- algb -RCB- operation .4 . The equation solver is also lame . No underlying algebraic rewrite rules are in effect as with the Casio Fx-115MS and HP 33s . So , if you want to perform a Time Value Money series , you will have to rewrite the equation yourself for each variable of interest -LRB- periodic payment , period interest rate , number of periods , principal , future balance -RRB- . With its beaucoup functions I 'm sure this calculator has alot to offer engineers . However , the function memory and equation history persistence do n't quite compensate for its disturbing lack of elegance .
 No POS is not a math term . This calculator is a piece of # $ % ^ . Unless you are an engineer or have access to someone who can explain to you why when squaring the sum of two exponents you need a bevy of parentheses you are wasting your time with this . The manual is pretty much a joke being that nothing is explained to any degree . For what it it worth you are better off buying a graphing calc for anything real and a simple calc with DMS for trig . If you accidentally change a setting you are left with resetting the whole calculator . Just frustrating as hell .
 Well , it worked for sixteen months before numeric keys 5 and 6 stopped working -- four months beyond the warranty limit . When comparable Sharp calculators were still being made in Malaysia they were excellent . Granted , this one may have more features but what good is it with two bad keys ? I probably will not buy the Sharp brand again if I have a decent alternative . I own another Sharp model , the 516 , which I bought at the same time and it is still working fine -LRB- for now , that is -RRB- . They are certainly feature-rich , but I do n't want to buy a new one every 1-2 years -- that is ridiculous.I have a Casio solar-powered calculator purchased in the early 1980s . It only stopped working properly about three years ago , so that Casio provided me considerable service for 25 years . Its failure led me to buy several new ones for home and work , but , may I say , they sure do n't make them like they used to ! Has it become a race to the bottom for quality of components and manufacturing ?
 I ordered this brochure rack for the new lobby when my office moved locations . It arrived on time , but there was a big crack in the corner of it . This was UPS 's fault , and not the manufacturer , so it could be forgiven . However , returns had to be handled by the parent company , not Amazon , and working with them has been a terrible experience . They told me that the product could n't be returned because it was damaged , and that I could n't get a refund until UPS processed the claim and came and picked up the old one . Over the course of three weeks , they never called me to tell me that status , and absolutely nothing happened . They always told me when I called that they 'd check with UPS and call me back , and they never did . I had to call them three times to beg for the refund and finally got it . I ordered a different brochure rack from another company ; it was cheaper and higher quality , arrived more quickly and looks great . Check it out : Solid Wood Literature Rack - Medium Oak - 24 -LRB- Medium Oak -RRB- -LRB- 49 `` H x 28.5 `` W x 4.75 `` D -RRB- It 's now been over a month since this process started , and the broken brochure rack is still sitting at our office . I called this morning and was told they have up to 180 days to process the claim , and I 'm `` not allowed '' to get rid of the old product until they pick it up . If they do n't call me back on Wednesday like they said they would , I 'm going to throw it away . Take my advice and do n't waste your time and money on this company !
 the first day i began using this phone it absolutely sucked ! it has way too much static and sometimes people cant hear me at all .
 I bought the cheapest phone and that is what I got . It does not show when I have messages -LRB- from the phone company -RRB- . It feels and sounds like you are talking into the wall . I can hear the other person fine . If you are not constantly going to be talking on the phone then it is fine.You get what you pay for . Next time I will spend more .
 This phone did not work well at all . It was cheaply constructed and only lasted about 2 hours out of the box .
 We received the phones on time but uppon receiveing them only one of the phones worked . It charges up but is unable to make a connection , it is the extension phone , not the main base phone . I am not sure how to handle this because it has been nearly 6 months , however it has never worked . I just did n't know how to handle the problem.I 'm not satisfied at all with the GE Phones , they have never worked and still do n't work.Thanks ,
 I purchased a Toshiba 900 MHz phone -LRB- does n't have 2 lines like this one -RRB- and I had a horrible time with the battery . You could n't leave it off the charger for more than 12 hours before it started an annoying beep . It will beep constantly even if you 're not using it ! I thought something was wrong with that particular phone so I exchanged for the same model . I 'm having the same exact problem ! I also did n't like the fact that you ca n't turn the ringer off.I 've had several cordless phones that you can use for days without having to put them on the charger - this one wo n't last 12 hours ! I 'm in the process of contacting the company to see what I can do about this .
 Similar to another reviewer , I have had nothing but problemswith this phone and the batteries in particular ! Both the battery inthe handset , as well as the backup battery stored in the base where it recharges , neither one has enough power to last through a 20 minute phone call . The speakerphone works beautifully but plan to throw the handset away ! END
 Nice phone , good feel and clear reception . Now its in the cupboard not being used because the battery life is useless . Planning to buy new battery but based on these other reviews I dont hold much hope . I also have a 2 line panasonic , never a problem with that phone .
 this is the worst phone I have ever purchased ... handset no longer works after only 4 monthsanswering machine records so quietly that you cant hear your messagessomething funky with the cord , sometimes people can hear mesometimes they cantif a I could find the receipt Id return itI considered buying another and returning this one in the box with the receipt but not only would that be dishonest , I would end up with another of the same kind of phoneit is absolute cr@p! One star is too many .
 I ordered this GE corded/cordless phone because my 5 year old GE corded/cordless phone worked so well for years , and still worked well , but because of an electrical storm the callerID no longer worked . When I set the phone up -LRB- which was easy to set up , just like the old one -RRB- I tested the voicemail out . I COULD BARELY HEAR IT ! I went away for the weekend and came home . IF IT WERE N'T FOR THE CALLERID , I WOULD N'T BE ABLE TO TELL WHO CALLED ! I had the volume turned all the way up , but it did n't go any further . I checked manual , this was it . Also , the sound quality of the landline was fine . Alittle low even turned up all the way up , but OK . BUT ! The hand held cordless phone had such poor quality , I could n't hear what people were saying and my own voice sounded awful to me . Very `` tin-ey '' and irratating . I send it back . Amazon was very nice about letting me return this .
 This is a very good phone except when you use the wall mount feature , the handset can be knocked off the base station too easily . We use it in the kitchen and it is very satisfactory except the occasional drop to the floor when grazed by a passing elbow . The product could be improved greatly by making the handset more stable with a larger hook.Had a previous model of this phone , and frequent drops made hand set inoperable and manufacturer does not sell replacement handsets .
 Received on time - connected - the phone worked for awhile , but not the best signal - static was frequent - would not purchase this again .
 This phone went dead after about four and a half months . The user 's guide does not say how or where to apply the warranty .
 The display is just bad . You can not see the numbers you type or the caller Id 's number . Otherwise the phone works . It 's cheap .
 This phone had all the features I was looking for but had a alot of static in the line . I tested other Jacks and cords in the house and it still had noise . I 've purchased another phone -LRB- Radio Shack -RRB- and it works perfectly .
 After 5 weeks , the battery stopped holding a charge . The company tried to tell us the phone was three years old . It 's not worth fussing with , but , man ! , what service !
 I have owned several of these phones in the past . The first worked perfectly for several years . I was so happy with the performance of the first phone that I continued to purchase them . Though the price has remained reasonable , the quality has taken a nosedive . The battery life is the main problem . Though I have replaced the battery several times , the batteries themselves are very weak . In the long run , they have n't been worth the hassle of continually replacing phones and batteries . I 'll never give a second glance at one of these worthless phones again .
 Display is hard to read -LRB- no brightness nor contrast controls -RRB- . Product not recommended for cold weather -LRB- i.e. , in a garage -RRB- . Menu items confusing .
 it looks nice but the caller id is too something to read it right off . the phone also sounds hollow sometimes and does not automatically change channels so that does not happen . For the money it would be a good phone for the garage or the basement but not for everyday use .
 Both phones in the 2-phone set had only LCD lighting from the bottom and were impossible to read unless held facing down and away . I do n't know if the design was cheapened or both phones were defective . Batteries were charged longer than the suggested period before use . In a test call , the audio quality was fine.I returned the phone set and would n't order another GE phone .
 I needed to buy a home phone for elderly people , so I was looking for bit `` Talk '' button , which this product had . Sound quality was Ok , but phone stopped working within several months of usage .
 I hated this set , must have been one of the first ones ever . If the electric went off , had to take second phone to first phone base to re-activate . Set only lasted a year or a little longer , then we threw them out . Would never buy another GE phone , maybe not another GE product ...
 GE Cordless 2.4 GHz 27831GE2 Phone with Dual Handsets and Call Waiting Caller ID - WhiteI bought these in the middle of May , by the end of September one was completely dead - no it 's not the battery . Yes , they were cheap so I suppose I got what I paid for ! Foolish savings - now I 'll pay more for a better set and still be out the money for these .
 Way to difficult to use ! No one could figure out how to use all the neat little features and programs , I was n't impressed .
 Do n't waste your money . The battery life is next to nothing , we had to replace them almost immediately . There are much better choices in phones . My mistake to buy this one .
 This thing is mostly useless , if I could give it zero stars , I would . The interface is clumsy and poorly designed and it 's too easy to accidently push the buttons and change the settings , or even reset the whole thing , erasing all the memory ! I 'm surprised that Memorex would place their name on such a product , they must be getting desperate .
 This is the worst phone I have EVER owned . The reception was so bad no one on the other end could hear me talking unless I held very still and tried not to breathe . Not worth the money we saved , took it back and got a Uniden 5.8 , and it rocks !!
 We have had this phone for a couple of years and for the most part the phone worked but the caller ID screen started losing pixels after about a year and is now illegible . The funny thing is it happened on all the phones -LRB- 3 -RRB- at roughly the same time , and at the same rate . Now it is just annoying . We are not rough with the phone and keep in on the charger most of the time . I would not recommend this product .
 I have owned this GE 5.8 GHz cordless for 1 year and I ca n't stand it any longer . I will throw away the whole set and buy another brand . Reception is bad in the same room , non-existent more than 20 yards from the house . Speaker phone is barely usable , due to the AGC cutting in and out . The electronic voice on the answering machine is so `` electronic '' that I ca n't understand half of what it 's saying , regarding message number , or time readback.My only question is `` how does anyone honestly give this a 4 or 5 star review '' , unless they have some other motive ? Now really !
 Seeing how there 's a mixed batch of reviews here I 'm wondering if some of the phones where made better in a different location than the others . I bought two sets of these for me and my parents . I too think they have the worse microphones in any phone I 've ever had . It 's tough enough for the other party to hear you clear when you have the phone up to your mouth , but you can forget about even trying to use the speaker phone . Apparently some of us must have ended up with the bad batch .
 When you spend this much money on a `` high tech '' phone from a `` reputable '' big corp , you at least expect the phone to work adequately . This phone is SO badin every way . Muddy sound , horrible range , static , poor battery life . Just SHOCKINGLY TERRIBLE . Run ... dont walk ... away from this phone . The `` EDGE '' version of this phone is EVEN WORSE .
 sound quality ok ; battery life marginal but acceptable ; lcd is a wretched mess that works fine for 6-12 months and then becomes useless & illegible . want to see that incoming caller 's number ? forget it after a few months . do not make my mistake
 The phone is overpriced , after 2 yrs it cant hold battery life past a couple of minutes , after buying new batteries for all three phones we might as well just purchase a new phone . Also I keep hanging it up with my cheak when I try to use it hands free .
 I purchased this phone to replace our old handsets in our kitchen and living room . However , I too had the same problem with no one being able to hear me . It was terrible . Even when I was talking loudly into the microphone no one could hear or understand me on the other end . Yet it was so loud on my end that it blew out my ear . Very disappointed in GE . They could have done much better .
 It would help if you would include the diameter of these labels - it 's impossible to judge from the small photograph , and size is obviously an important factor!S Kokker
 I did n't know that these seals had perforations in the center . This is not what I wanted . Also , I think over $ 7.00 for shipping is ridiculous for a product that is half that cost and could have been mailed for about $ 1.50 at the post office .
 We used these for invitations . Careful - if you are using any glossy paper they will not stick . We ended up using Avery silver stickers , and they worked well .
 The low odor ink pens are worthless ... They do not erase cleanly.Get the `` original ink '' pens -LRB- one might wonder why they would phrase it that way on their product -RRB- .
 Why pay $ 18.83 for 16 markers when you can just pay $ 7.38 for 8 markers twice ? Same EXPO markers , sold on Amazon , and super savers as well.http : / / www.amazon.com/Expo-Chisel-Markers-Colored-80678/dp/B000N342KS/ref=sr_1_43?s=office-products&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1338794605&sr;=1-43
 The tips started breaking -LRB- fraying -RRB- and becoming really soft after initial use . For example , one of the felt tips was ruined by the time I wrote a sentence . Typical Expo markers keep their shape , even after about four years , but these did n't . I would also like to let you know that the colors are n't the same as the one in the picture , there are two reds , blacks , greens , and blues , and the rest were a different variety .
 This phone was ordered thru Amazon.The phone does n't work , actually the hand set which came with it , does n't even belong to it.Sent few E.mails to the vendor but still waiting for the reply.i think amazon should check out their vendors more thoroughly.Next time i will think twice before ordering anything .
 I use this for PowerPoint presentations . It does work , but it 's no better and in some ways not as good as the wireless optical mouse I was using before . With it , too , I could scroll through slides without placing the device on a surface.The poor design is with the battery , in two respects . One , the infrared light often goes on while the device is stored , so if you are n't careful , the battery will get used up very fast . Second and worse , you need a small screwdriver to open the battery case . So even if you are as obsessive as I was and have extra batteries on hand for a presentation , you wo n't be able to use this device unless you also remember to carry a small screwdriver . Every other battery-operated device I have opens without a screwdriver , but this one -- designed precisely to be used on the road -- requires a screwdriver!If you want to use this with PowerPoint to scroll backward , it 's not as easy as it was with my scroll mouse . But it will work if you set up PowerPoint so that the right click of the mouse goes back instead of showing a menu . I ca n't seem to find what menu item in PowerPoint I used to do this , but it 's there somewhere.In sum , if you do n't already have a wireless device for presentations or if you need longer distance than you get with a wireless optical mouse , you might consider this . If they fix the battery problem it would be fine .
 I have several friends that bought this same item . It has worked well for them . Mine has issues from 10ft + . Battery compartment is a real pain to open . Eats batteries alive .
 It looked good in the package and did feel good in my hand but it felt and looked cheap . It is all plastic and the mouse ball was very loose plus it is very large in your hand . In my opinion it is a waste of money.When the item arrived and I unpacked it the serial number was smudge so you could not register the product.If your looking for a remote for your presentation I would recommend the Kesington remote . It felt great , eazy to use including the laser pointer , plus the usb adapter fits right inside the remote when you are not using it so you ca n't lose it . When not in use the battery turns off saving your battery .
 It is an excellent device for power point presentations ... But after ONE MONTH of use , it did not want to work anymore . Only the laser still works , but , who wants that huge pointer without the mouse ... ? One more thing
 Check your shipping costs before purchasing this item , or you may end up with a VERY expensive clipboard !!!
 Amazon needs to add negative stars.These clipboards SUPPOSEDLY cost $ 0.19 each - what they DO N'T tell you is that the shipping is outrageous !!! I was going to order 12 of these clipboards . The total cost of the clipboards was $ 2.28 . When I was looking over the order before clicking on the PLACE ORDER button , I was startled to see that the cost of shipping was over $ 53 !!!!!! Do n't shop with these people . Look elsewhere .
 Do not bother in buying this product it is not easy to use nor to understand or hear what it is saying . I also have tried to return it , but the company that sent has returned any of my emails , Amazo has been of no help either .
 TOO HARD TO UNDERSTAND TO USED , NOT LIGHT AT THE SCREEN A MESS MY HUSBAND IS FROM BRAZIL HE COULDNT UNDERSTAND HOW TO USED.DONT SIMILAR THAT WHAT THEY SAY AT AMAZON STORE .
 Tthe quality outside is ok , but the translation is only in one direction . Englisch into Portugues . This does not make sense at all and is on travel useless .
 I have a Canon i850 . The prints on Epson Premium Glossy Photo Paper shows up flawlessly , ca n't tell any difference from regular lab print . When I try out the Kodak paper , yekk ! The paper is sticky and smelly , the ink takes a long time to dry , and the print quality are terrible compared to those on Espon paper . I know definitely it is not problem with my printer . I am so regret I went to Kodak . My friend has a HP and it prints on HP paper flawlessly . So my recommendation is
 I have tried Kodak print paper on two different Epson printers - my older Photo Stylus -LRB- forgot the model -RRB- and my brand new R320 . On both of these , the ink appeared to form into little blobs , rendering a TERRIBLE picture . I have had great luck with Fuji and Epson papers . Kodak 's claim of compatibility with all printers is BUNK !
 With every conceivable test of different print seetings I tried , even Kodak 's `` recommended '' settings , this paper came out terribly , especially in photgraphs that had a lot of black . The black ink clumps , leaving a lot of crackly marks . Do n't waste your money .
 It 's looks cheap , for 5 bucks -LRB- add around 5 for shipping -RRB- . I 've seen a Transformers Movie Keychain of Bumblebee , which looks great , and for 4 bucks , at Toys ` R'Us . This is the first product I bought from Amazon 's 3rd Party Store that I was not really that satisfied.Kids will surely like this , so I gave it one more star .
 I bought this cart to take to art shows to keep my things organized , but am being forced to abandon it after just 3 shows . It works great as long as you do n't put anything in the drawers . If you add any weight at all , the plastic bows and the drawers keep falling out of the slots . One drawer has nothing but one roll of duct tape , a pocket knife and a bag with 10 or so clothes pins . Another has nothing but a small calculator , a few receipt books and a few pens . This is more than these drawers can handle . If you plan to store anything more than a bag of feathers , do n't waste your money .
 Be leery about ordering any paper online due to the high probability that the corners will be damaged . I ordered two packages of paper and both had damaged corners which causes the printer to function incorrectly . I wo n't be ordering paper online any more .
 Anyone who purchases a BA-35 , uses it and then tries out the TI BA II Plus for about 12 bucks more is going to suffer a bad case of buyer 's remorse . The 35 is woefully underpowered in financial calculation capability compared to the next higher level of financial calculators . The reason I have one is that is is one of the required calculators for the actuarial exams -LRB- for reasons I have yet to figure out -RRB- . My overall recommendation is -- if you want a financial calculator that has actual capability , spring for either the HP12c or the TI BA II Plus .
 The digit display does not work properly . Cant make out the last two digits during calculations as it just shows a blank . so no good for work .
 Well ... this calculator has many features for middle school students , but really is it worth it ? If you 're in middle school , then you probably wo n't need such an expensive calculator , because you really do n't need to use a calculator to graph . If you are learning graphing , you might not be able to use it one the test . In my opinion , I would buy one of those cheaper plainly scientific calculators . They get the job done and they are cheaper . But , if you really want to get a graphing calculator , I would suggest the TI-83 plus . Right here on Amazon.com , it being sold at $ 86.99 , CHEAPER than this one and with more functions !!!!!!
 It worked OK for a while , hence the 1 star . But after a year or two , the vertical bars that make up the display in the 3rd and 5th positions from the right disappeared , so you do not know what the numbers are in those locations . The calculator is now useless . And I 'm afraid it will end up in the electronic waste .
 This product if fine if you want to hand write your labels , but if you want to use this in a printer , forget it ! I purchased this item , thinking the pages would be 81/2 inches x 11 inches . They are n't . Unhappily , I ca n't return or exchange them because Amazon will charge me for the shipping . Anyone want to buy a package of labels from me ? I ca n't use them !
 The picture posted did not properly represent the actual adding machine . The nachine is very old , and barely prints on the paper roll . Lesson learned this time . I got such good deals on the website that I got used to positive input . This is my first negative feedback to you , Amazon.com .
 This phone is only good if you like listening in on other people 's conversations . The first time I used it you could constantly hear the phone clicking . I stopped to listen and could hear every word of someone else 's conversation . I thought it was supposed to be good at scrambling -- it 's the worst I have ever used .
 The readout on the handset is very small , and difficult to read the caller id feature . Also , there is no dial pad on the base unit that hinders the use of the speakerphone . When accessing the machine from a remote location , there are no voice prompts to lead you through the options . I would not buy this phone .
 We had ordered a used overhead projector with Oneil Imports - received it earlier than expected . But were so disappointed that it did n't work . Sam offered us a different one or complete refund . He apologized and was very cooperative in making this right with us . Thank you Sam .
 if u expect to use this for tracing pictures from books or magazines on to a wall FORGET.instead of getting a headache to return it , i 'll give it to a school . i thought you could take pictures and trace them on the wall it will not work . the review i read was like i could do that , but i found out different
 I 've had this phone for about 6 months . It was great until about a month ago , the battery just died . It can be fully charged , and then after about 20 mins . of talk time , it is completely drained and unusable . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE .
 Do not buy this phone . First , the audio quality is below average , and the microwave totally interferes with it . More importantly , it stopped working properly after only 4 months . The battery life was OK for about 2 months , and then became progressively worse . By 4 months , the battery would last a whole 5 minutes before going dead -LRB- despite keeping it charging all the time -RRB- . We sent it to Panasonic -LRB- we had to pay for the shipping -RRB- , and within a few weeks , we received a refurbished phone . It was OK for only 2 months before the battery life started to become progressively worse -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- . It now works for only 15 minutes before needing a charge . Bottom line , we bought a new 2.4 GHz AT&T phone -LRB- which sounds much better , with no interference -RRB- and will throw this piece of junk in the garbage where it belongs . We will never buy another Panasonic phone again .
 I do not reccommend this panasonic cordless phone the performance , -LRB- when i am talking to someone they ask me what phone i am using -RRB- is very poor and it seems to be most of the time in need of a charge , there are just two many functions crammed in one headset , I have had several cordless phone this is the worst one yet
 This phone has great features and is very lightweight . Unfortunately , the battery only lasts about 40 minutes when talking before it start an incessant beeping to warn you that the battery is low . And worse , it takes forever to recharge so once you 've run the battery down , you basically lose use of it for the rest of the day . I have only had it five months and I 'm going to have to replace it
 As with other reviewers , I found the feature set is terrific , but the NiCAD battery is terrible . I bought one , charged it fully as per the instructions and after a 45 minute call the phone was dead . 14 hours later it was charged again , but the behavior continued . I called Panasonic and they said that they only had random calls about battery problems , perhaps it was a problem with this unit . So I returned it , got another and found it to be identical to the 1st . Do n't waste your money .
 Just like the other people the BATTERY on this phone is he worst I have ever seen . I have been a cell . phone user for years but never come across a phone with a battery problem such as this model.Battery lasts only 5-10 minutes when the unit was completely charged . I finally trashed this unit .
 This phone started out great , no problems . But , after having it for about 5 months , the battery just quit . It can be fully charged , but it will only last for 10 minutes of talk time . Do n't waste your money on this phone .
 Whatever you do , do n't buy this phone , new or used . I 've had it for 6 months , and a month ago , the battery died . When fully charged , I can talk on the phone for 20 mins . before it dies .
 In the past I have always had good luck with Panasonic phones . That is until I began buying their 2.4 GHz phones . The sounds quality is ok , but as other reviewers have stated , they can not hold a charge at all . Most cordless phones should give you about 8-10 hours of talk time on a full charge . I get more like 2-3 hours of talk time out of this piece of garbage . I ca n't believe how mediocre this product is . It makes me physically ill just thinking about the poor performance I receive from this high priced trash ! Whatever you do , stay away from this phone , because it will make you want to throw up .
 I bought this phone and thought it was just defective due to the short battery time . I replaced it with the same phone and had the same problem . If you do n't mind talking on the phone for only 15 to 20 minutes at a time , then this is the phone for you . Great features , just horrible battery life . I would not recommend .
 the phone wo n't hold a charge . you ca n't ever leave it off the base or it goes dead . Target refused to honor warranty , told me to call Panasonic . The Panasonic Customer service number is always busy , ca n't get through . what a way to run a business ...
 The phone has excellent clarity , range , features , but you ca n't get past the dreadful battery life . It takes FOREVER to charge and holds the charge for about a half hour of talk time . Ridiculous ! This one 's going back . Do n't waste your time . I have read in many places -LRB- NOW ! -RRB- about poor Panasonic battery life . Come on Panasonic , get with it !
 The phone has excellent clarity , range , features , but you ca n't get past the dreadful battery life . It takes FOREVER to charge and holds the charge for about a half hour -LRB- rated for five hours -RRB- of talk time . Ridiculous ! This one 's going back . Do n't waste your time . I have read in many places -LRB- NOW ! -RRB- about poor Panasonic battery life . Come on Panasonic , get with it !
 If you leave it off the base for more than a few hours it totally loses it 's charge . Complained to Panasonic and they were no help .
 I 've owned a Panasonic cordless phone in the past and it was wonderful . It 's probably 7 years only and still works great . But this phone has had one problem after another and Panasonic customer service refuses to take care of the problem . I 've been through two phones already and they each have had different problems -LRB- no battery life , fading signals , etc. -RRB- I recommend an entirely different brand .
 I bought this phone after owning another superb panasonic cordless that dies after 4 years . This phone has some nice features . With Caller ID and memory feature . It can recall a vast amount of numbers but this phone has no battery life at all . It says you can get 5 hours ... NO WAY ! I am lucky if I can get 1 hour of talk time . It goes from full charge to recharge in 45 min and it takes hours to recharge . I would not reccomend this phone at all .
 I purchased my KX-TG2205W in October 2002 . After only about 3 to 4 months the battery life declined to just a few hours of standby and very few calls . This past week I purchased a new battery , -LRB- about 1/3rd of original price of the phone -RRB- I then charged the new battery for 24 hours . The first use with the new battery lasted only about 12 hours , then DEAD once again . What we thought was a nice phone , liked the features , now becomes useless at all the wrong times . I purchased a 2nd phone as a gift , seems like it too may have been a poor choice ? Now Panasonic suspects the charging system , requested me to send it in and they will replace with a `` Refurbished Phone '' This leaves me quite unhappy .
 We had this phone for 10 months and got a new one because we had finally had it with this one . The features are nice , but the major annoyance is the battery life or the lack there of . You can be talking on the phone for just a short time ,15 minutes or less , and the battery goes dead . Without any warning at all . Not even a beep or two . We got it because we liked the speakerphone but that was the only good thing about it . We got in place of it a Motorola without a speakerphone and have been happy with it.If you are considering this phone . Please think again and get something else . We have also had GE phones that we are very happy with .
 We have had this crappy phone for one year . and its like we had it for 6 years . it wo n't dial the correct number , it makes loud funny noises , you have to press the key pad very hard to dial , and it does n't last as long off charge like they say ...
 Reception is acceptable . Caller ID window is very small and the text font in it is incredibly small . After four months the speaker starting going in and out during every call . Sometimes the speaker would go out for a couple minutes at a time . Now I 'm back buying another phone , not GE this time .
 This phone was horrible , the earpiece does n't even fit . There is so much static on this phone even when you change channels . Spend a little more money and get a quality cordless phone .
 I really like all of the features - it has everything I was looking for and it 's fairly easy to use , but I 've never had a call last more than 45 minutes - much less if it 's been off the hook for a while . The manual claims if you fully charge it only when it 's almost completely drained , you should get up to 5 hours of talk time and up to 11 days of stand-by time -LRB- not that I 've been able to test that claim -RRB- . I 've emailed Panasonic and will write a revised review if they can fix the problem to my satisfaction .
 The phone makes in intermitent clicking noise , as if someone has picked up another line . While talking on the handset , all of a sudden you can hear an echoe and can barely hear the person you 're talking to . I took it back to Panasonic for repair , they replaced the PCI board , but the phone is still doing the same thing . I took it back again , and they said there was nothing wrong with it . I 'm very disappointed with Panasonic . I 've had 2 Panasonic 900 MHZ phone and they are fine . This one is useless . Panasonic quality and service has gone downhill . The 30 day refund period has ended and I 'll be stuck with a useless phone . I 'll have to spend more to buy another working phone .
 I bought a Panasonic Cordless phone . It quit working afterthree months . I took it to the repair . But it failed againin three weeks .
 The only complaint I have about this phone is that , as the title states the battery dies after a few phone calls , and that is after it is left on the base to recharge overnight !! A friend of mine who has the same phone had this same trouble , called Panasonic and rec 'd a new battery free of charge . So I wil try it and see .
 THis phone has some nice features but with the price ... it should have more such as caller id.Also i was very dissapointed in its outside range as i could n't even go to the end of the block wich realy surprised me since my 900 mhz phone will make it further than that ...
 This phone is afflicted with the same fatal flaw that I 've seen reported with other Panasonic cordless phone - limited talk time . Do n't know why or how , but it allows you to talk for maybe 45 minutes on a full charge . Have done all the right things when it comes to maximizing batter life -LRB- discharging it completely before recharging -RRB- but to no avail.A shame too , because it had all the features I wanted -- handset speakerphone , mute , caller ID log , etc. .
 I have the same problem as all the other reviewers . At first I thought I was turning on the phone when I was putting it down , and coming back to find it almost dead . After more careful observation , I found out the battery goes from 3 bars -LRB- full -RRB- to dead within a matter of minutes . I follow all the procedures for recharging NiCd - even letting the battery go completely dead between recharges . The phone is now just under a year old , and I was thinking about getting a new battery , but I do n't think so after reading the other reviews . I 'm very dissapointed .
 Like all the other reviews I have just read about this phone I have experienced a very short battery life . I have had this phone for about a year now and I spent a lot of money buying batteries to replace the original but that did n't help at all . The display on the phone shows the battery as full but after 2 minutes the phone beeps and I have to switch phone . Terrible .
 The features are great . Unfortunately , this is the worst cordless phone I 've ever had in terms of battery talk-time . I had to move it out of my home office and into the spare guestroom . It 's useless anywhere else . I do not recommend it .
 This phone has very poor talk time on full charge , less than 45 minutes after 24 hour charge . I am taking this back .
 If I could rate this with zero stars , I would . This phone can not hold a charge for more than 45 min . This is by far the worst cordless phone I have ever experienced - I would rather be tethered to a rotary dial phone with a 2 foot cord than continue on with this phone . I agree with all of the other reviewers - JUNK !
 Although all my friends and relatives swear by Panasonic phones , this particular model is a piece of junk . I had to return the first one I purchased because it refused to store a charge -LRB- I could only use it for one phone call and then it was dead -RRB- . The second one has the same problem -LRB- unfortunately , I moved to another state and have n't been able to return it ! -RRB- . It now does not charge period . My one year old daughter is using it as a toy . I do believe that it is only this particular model , not Panasonic phones in general , though .
 This phone looks good on paper
 I have exchanged two phones and am on my third one the box says 11 days standby five hour talk time . It is more like 30 minutes to 1 hour max . Love the features but ca n't live with the Battery problem .
 This phone would be great IF IT COULD HOLD A CHARGE ! But , alas , it ca n't . After charging for 2 days straight , the most I can get out of this phone is 30 mins of talk time and then it dies without warning ! I 've contacted customer service and they were useless . They wanted to know everything and anything under the sun before they would even consider looking at the phone . Moreover , they want me to pay to send this junk phone to them ! Don ; t buy ANYTHING from Panasonic . Period .
 On the second phone now . still have a lot of background noise . Had a 900Mhz phone before this and should of kept it .
 This phone ca n't hold a charge for more than 30 mins . Customer service is useless . Do n't buy this phone , you 'll regret it .
 The battery life is just bad . The phone goes dead after about 20 minutes . I advise you not to make an important call on this phone . You have to store phone numbers twice . Once for the base and again for the phone , too time consuming . I have charged the battery for 10 hours already and it 's still in the first bar . Just bad .
 I bought this product on the strength of good reviews from Consumer Reports . It had poor reception right out of the box -LRB- our other cordless phones are crisp and clear at the same jack -RRB- . It alternated between sounding like a cell phone with a weak signal and sounding like I was having a phone conversation in an echo chamber . Within weeks the battery would not hold a charge through a single 5 minute call . Took the phone back to Best Buy , which declined to exchange or refund because an extended warranty was not purchased . We left it in a heap on the counter at Best Buy and said good riddance -LRB- to the phone and Best Buy -RRB- .
 Do not buy this phone . After charging for 2 days , we still can not get any more than 5-10 minutes out of a FULLY charged phone . No warning just CLICK , and now the phone battery reports getting low . Phone was fine for first couple weeks , and apparently this is a common problem with this model ... YUCK . And I loved my old Panasonic
 Like many of the reviews already here - I have had the poor battery problems . The talk-time has steadily decayed , and even when the phone was brand-new it never held-up to the claimed 5hrs in the manual.Another annoyance is the fact that the handset and base phone memory need to be programmed seperately . i.e. each number you want to store has to be entered twice!The speaker phone seems to be poor too - the other-end almost always has problems hearing you .
 I 've tried this phone two times , just because of its rich features , but Panasonic being the big name company like it is has failed me both the times.If you forget to remove the handset from the base unit for a day or two , you 'll be doomed -LRB- like ppl do n't go on vacation -RRB- . After leaving the handset on the phone over a day , it blew up something in the phone , now every time I try to dial a number it wd keep sounding the dial tone like it did n't accept the key . Also , ppl calling me ca n't hear me while I can.I exchanged this unit from the store , thinking a surge or something might have caused it & installed a surge protector with it , but to no avail the second one also ended up with the same problem.Now , I ca n't even return it as I am over the return period & the customer service is of no use , they want me to pay for shipping & handling to their service centre for a repair or refurbished unit . ...
 This phone is not worth the money ! For starters , the battery will not hold a charge and the phone gives no warning that the battery will die . In addition , the reception quality is horrible - is constant static . The speakerphone is a nice feature , but it is difficult for people to hear you on it . Stay away from this product .
 I bought this phone because of the features . I was happy with it for about a month or so , then the problems began . Accessing the caller directory is a guessing game . How will I access it this time ? Press the right arrow key and then the down arrow to scroll through ? Oh , that does n't work this hour ... this hour I have to just press the down arrow key . Next hour it 's pressing the right arrow key twice , THEN the down arrow key . Grrr!The battery worked fine for about 2 months . Now it ca n't hold a charge and my max talk time is 30 minutes . It takes approx . 6-8 hours to recharge it enough to again be able to talk 30 minutes.Stay away from this phone . I 'm now researching V-Tech and the Olympia OL . My requirements are fairly simple
 The phone comes with lot 's of features -LRB- and expectations -RRB- . However , after charging the unit for 20 hours , the battery was dead after 30 mins . of use . Customer service is non-existent . What good is a phone if it ca n't hold a charge ?
 I own the Panasonic KX-TG2267 and thePanasonic KX-TG2593B 2.4 GHz DSS 2-Line Cordless Telephone.I purchased the KX-TG2267 because I did not need another answering a machine , wanted the speaker phone feature on the handset and wanted the lower price.Both phones are two line phones and both handset have acceptable volume and features like call ID , the problem is that the quality of the recption on wirless hand set of the KX-TG2267 is poor . It also has very little range.The KX-TG2593B is a much better cordless phone , I think it is because of the DSS feature . Buy this phone !
 this phone has terrible reception . purchased thinking to use it on the main floor -LRB- as a prime phone -RRB- , but ended up using it as a spare phone when all other phones in the household are dead . even the `` static reduction '' device -LRB- or whatever its name is -RRB- that came with this phone does n't help much ... i finally got rid of it . 900mhz `` sonies '' are much better !
 The battery on my phone , as well as other reviewers ' , lost its charge very quickly and completely died just a few months after I bought it . I can not find a replacement battery anywere , locally or on the internet . Panasonic ca n't even replace the battery . Also , Panasonic 's customer service is not lacking , it is non-existant . Do not waste any money on this company .
 We were glad to finally purchase a cordless phone that met all of our requirements . Little did we know that it also required more spending . First we thought that we got a faulty battery so we bought a brand new battery only to find out that the battery was n't the problem . Now , the phone remains on the charger collecting dust . Should have just stuck with my Vtech 900 MHz , I could have saved myself money and a bottle of asprin .
 I bought the Panasonic because I have one and am very happy with it . This phone also had all the features I was looking for . We are just starting to use the phone and find that the person being called finds the caller 's voice very hard to hear . It does n't matter whether you are using the handset or the speaker phone . Unfortunately , we are now outside the return policy of the store it was bought from and am hoping Panasonic will step up to the plate . I suppose this will turn into another example of a store just wanting your money without providing any service or usable product . Wish I had read these reviews first . It is unfortunate because the combination of features is great .
 Thought my KXTC1850B experience of short battery life and keypads becoming non-functional was isolated to that particular model , but I was wrong . Bought this new model for the speakerphone-in-handset feature and because the keypad switches problem seemed to have been addressed . Well no problem with the switches so far but the battery life , while being fine for 2 months is more pitiful than ever . I 'm lucky if I get 40min before needing a 12 hour charge . I have also been told occationally that my voice cuts out totally for short periods . Panasonic now-a-days seems to have no interest in making products that last for any length of time ... guess there 's no money in it ... rather get consumers to buy replacement batteries for profit . Thought asian products became superior and took market share because they shunned U.S. corporate philosophy of `` planned obsolesence '' aka short product lifetimes . Guess it was just long enough to get market share . Has Panasonic been bought by a U.S. Corporation ? If not maybe I should think twice before buying a new Toyota !
 I dont know what Panasonic have done here , but I can not complete a long conversation -LRB- say 75 minutes -RRB- without the battery going dead . Lately , it has been far less than that . This is starting with a full charge . You would think that in a cordless phone this would be something they would get right . Unfortunately - it makes the telephone worthless - and I will have to return it . What a pity - I thoughtI could rely on Panasonic .
 I really liked this phone for the first month I owned it . Now it takes 24 hours -LRB- or more -RRB- to recharge and it wo n't hold that charge . I will never buy another Panasonic phone . Customer Service is lousy . They know they have a problem , but wo n't do anything to help .
 Seems like it is getting tougher all the time to find a cordless phone that works really well . I own another panasonic so I felt confident this one would be ok . But I kept getting complaints from people I called that I sounded distant or like I was inside a barrel . Then there were clicks and I was told I kept breaking up . The final problem was the design of the handset ... somehow just could n't get a comfortable fit with my ear . Seems like they design phones without even considering that someone has to hold the thing against an ear for what may be long periods of time . So had to return it and try another .
 This phone started out fine in August when the phone was first purchased . The phone would last a good couple hours off the cradle in an idle mode . However , now a single 5-10 minute phone call , after charging overnight , will inexplicably kill the phone , and the call , leading to an unusable product . Panasonic support wishes to charge me money to have the unit looked at - which I refuse to do , given I think the product should work correctly . Based upon other peoples feedback and experiences - I think this series of phones from Panasonic -LRB- 2237/2247/2257 -RRB- have a design issue that needs to be addressed - or better yet Recalled . Do not purchase this phone .
 This phone has some greate features . The only problem is that you can not make use of them if the phone does not work . This phone will not hold charge . I leave it in the charger all night , make one 15 minute call and then it either just dies or the battery shows that there is no charge left , and this is with a new battery . The other thing that I noticed while troubleshoting is that if you remove a fully charged battery , and then place it back in to the phone ... it shows as almost completely empty ... . like I said it would be a great phone , but there is something very wrong with this design .
 ~ I bought this phone when it just came on the market and there was no reviews available back then . I bought it becuase it was a good looking unit and it was Panasonic . I have had it for a year . I have to say . . all the negative reviews about the ring , the battery and the charge are 100 % true . I experienced them all plus many others ... I just put mine back to the charger . I was so fed-up with it and decided to write this reiview -LRB- something I 've wanted to do for a long time -RRB- . If you are thinking ~ ~ of buying this phone , please reconsider . . unless the apperance is your most important consideration . It IS a sleek looking phone . ~
 Phone has great features , particularly fond of the speakerphone in the handset . But , could not get more than 30 minutes of talk time before battery would die . Contacted Panasonic customer service , they stated , `` We recognize a problem with the battery compartment of this phone . '' The solution was a pair of adhesive backed-felt pads . This was to help the battery make better contact to the positive and negative posts . I gave it 10 days and several charging cycles of the battery , and still no better than when I began .
 Problems I have had with this phone : Display on the phone randomly stops working and I either have to take out and replace the battery -LRB- which then results in a drained charge -RRB- or keep replacing on the charger until it come back . Either way it 's a huge inconvenience.Reception is unpredictable at best . Sometimes it comes in great and sometimes it comes in lousy ... kind of something I would expect in a cordless , although with a 2.4 ghz I expected better ... but really it does n't seem like the cordless technology has made any leaps and bounds in the last 10 + years.If I place it on the table in speaker mode and do n't place extremely gentle the phone shuts off.Features are ok ... . it 's kind of a pain to delete calls in the caller ID.Not the best phone I coudl have spent the money on . Now that I have had it a while I wish I had done a little more research , since this was an impulse buy.Stay away from this thing ...
 I 've had this phone since August . It 's actually our second one . We returned the first one because it could n't keep a charge . At the time of return -LRB- we purchased ours from Sears -RRB- , the Sears employee suggested that perhaps we did not charge the battery correctly . I was a bit irritated , but returned it for the same phone . This one does n't keep a charge either . I thought we had a faulty battery , so I attempted to purchase a new battery and as it turns out , they are completely sold out everywhere . Apparently the manufacturer does n't even know when the battery will be availabe . This phone would be nice if it held a charge , but after having a full charge and talking for only 5 or 10 minutes , the phone completely dies . Who needs a phone that looks like it has a lot of nice features when you ca n't even use the thing ?!? Also , when I 'm at work or out and about and my husband calls me from this phone at home -LRB- when it 's working -RRB- , it sounds like he 's in the bottom of a well . It sounds terrible . I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 This is a great phone with one exception - it ca n't keep a charge . After owning this phone for about 7 months , a 30 minute conversation seems to drain it.Being that keeping a charge is the most essential function of a cordless phone , all of it 's other nice features are useless.A waste of $ $ $ $ $ $ .
 Like every one else says , it wo n't hold a charge at all . It also has problems answering while it 's ringing . Additionally calls are filled with static when near a microwave .
 I have always like Panasonic phones - some of the best battery life and sound quality I have ever had . This one was different . It has some of the worst sound quality I have ever heard . No problem with battery life , just very annoying sound quality .
 I have always had success and liked Panasonic phones and cell phones ... until now . Like other reviewers I had trouble with battery life and ring tones soon after I bought it -LRB- about a day after the Circuit City warranty ran out -RRB- . Now , the phone ca n't hold a charge of more than a few minutes and if it 's jostled at all while using it , it dies . When I called Panasonic , they said that these batteries have a `` memory '' and will stay charged for as long as you leave it off the charger -LRB- intuitively makes no sense and is a pretty poor design strategy either way -RRB- . They sent me a cushion to insert in the battery casing to improve contact ; it did n't work . Also , it will randomly stop ringing and the only way to know if a call comes in is when the machine goes off -LRB- that , at least , has worked -RRB- . If you 're looking to buy a cordless phone/answering system , look elsewhere .
 After dealing with panasonic for over a year regarding the short battery life -LRB- 1 hour at most -RRB- I have finally gotten somewhere thanks to Jon 's review . I wrote to panasonic after my friend returned her phone to them and it was repaired . I asked them if knew they about the problem with this phone , why were n't they letting people know ? They refused to provide any help and said if I was still in warrantly I could return it . Otherwise , I was out of luck . Panasonic was certainly aware of the problem with this phone , but clearly refused to publicly accept responsiblity or issue a recall . Thankfully , with a post it note , I have been able to solve the battery problem that has been plaguing me since I purchased this phone . If you own this phone , try Jon 's suggestion it works !
 I bought 4 of these from Amazon . They arrived in a huge box . That surprised me , and I could n't figure out why they would do that at first . And then I opened it up and saw that the box was filled mostly with shipping air bags . I quickly realized that it must be because these things are very fragile . And my worries were confirmed when I reached into the box and discovered that two of the four trays arrived damaged . They were cracked and shattered in various places . The other two looked okay.It 's obvious they knew this was a problem and attempted to circumvent it by using a giant box with tons of shipping air bags . They were trying to be smart . But it still did n't work well apparently . It probably cost more for them to ship this than they got from the cost of the items . I hope they figure this problem out in the future . I think they ought to try wrapping them each individually in a foam wrap rather than just surrounding them with air bags.As for their appearance , they 're just `` okay '' looking . They look like thin , cheap plastic . They 're also a bit bigger than I thought they would be . I do like the `` smoke '' color , and that 's the only way this would get a `` C '' grade from me . If it was n't for that , it would be a `` D '' . I did n't attempt to return them , as they 're so cheap that the hassle is n't worth it . And even if they could deliver them to me intact , I do n't think I would order them again . They are just about the thinnest , cheapest plastic you could find . If you drop one of these from desk height onto a hard floor , it will shatter . And the shards will be sharp , by the way . They designed it with a lot of bends and grooves so that it would be stronger even though the plastic is brittle and thin , but it 's just not making up for it in my opinion.Well you get what you pay for . These are really low priced . Alternatively , there are a lot of nice looking , thick , solid acrylic paper trays out there for three or four times the price . And there are some not so thick , but fairly solid plastic trays for just a couple bucks more each . I also like the metal mesh trays that are very popular now , and I recommend buying them instead . They 're pretty cheap yet look very attractive and can take some abuse.I gave it two stars instead of one , because they 're very low price , and I do n't think it 's reasonable to expect them to be high quality . I do think at the very least they should n't have been so fragile and easy to break , which is why they did n't get three stars . So two stars it is .
 I really wanted to like this gadget , but I 've ultimately been disappointed . The idea is COOL , being able to see your family and carry on a FREE Internet phone conversation with them , and the price is much less than other videophone solutions out there . Alas , there are a few problems still to be worked out with this device.Here 's the saga of trying to just get the device to work with my network setup . I tried calling Dlink -LRB- the i2eye manufacturer -RRB- , Linksys -LRB- for my router setup -RRB- , Comcast -LRB- broadband connection -RRB- and SunRocket -LRB- VOIP -RRB- for support on this issue . I eventually got the device to work connecting to my parents ' wireless version of the i2eye -LRB- which I setup through a USR wireless broadband router by opening the required ports -RRB- by connecting my i2eye -LRB- the wired ethernet version -RRB- directly to my cable modem -LRB- without my Linksys broadband router or SunRocket VOIP box in the equation -RRB- . I then tested various configurations until I was able to determine that the Linksys router -LRB- model WRTGS -RRB- was not forwarding ports correctly -LRB- I HAD properly configured port forwarding -RRB- . Linksys tech support tried but failed to help me out . I swapped routers with my girlfriend who had a Dlink router and the problem went away -LRB- after also configuring port forwarding -RRB- . Would have been nice if Dlink could have told me when I called them for support that my router was n't compatible with their device -LRB- though it 's possible that my Linksys router has a `` broken '' port forwarding feature -RRB- . I also had to forward ports through my VOIP box which the SunRocket tech support people quickly told me how to do . So I eventually got the damn thing working after a month and a half of trying . Of course that is two weeks after the standard return policy of ANTonline expires -LRB- who I bought the device from through Amazon -RRB- . Now to performance . Even when the i2eye is connected directly to my broadband cable modem my framerate never rises above 5 frames per second . That 's both for the transmitted and received data stream . -LRB- On my parents ' end I have to connect wirelessly through their wireless router as their TV is too far from their cable modem . -RRB- I 've tried tweaking the `` speed '' settings on the i2eye to adjust the amount of data the device is configured to send and receive , but I never got an improvement . Dlink advertises that you can get up to 30 frames per second using a high quality broadband connection -LRB- like mine and my parents ' -RRB- . I have n't tested my broadband connection 's total upload and download speed because I simply do n't know how -LRB- probably need some third party utility program -RRB- . Regardless I SHOULD be getting at least 500kbps upload speed and at least 1Mbps download speed -LRB- at both mine and my parent 's end -RRB- as that is typical of cable broadband connections . Also the image quality from the i2eye 's `` lens '' and CCD is horrendous . The brightness , contrast and general overall `` sharpness '' of the image is lousy . That 's simply not acceptable . You can get better framerates -LRB- along with much better image quality -RRB- from a good webcam using one of the `` messenger '' applications out there . Which is what I 'm going to explore doing next.I 'm going to attempt to return the devices now -LRB- both mine and my parents ' i2eye -RRB- through ANTonline and Amazon with the argument that the i2eye devices do n't perform as advertised and that I 'm `` late '' returning them because of the difficulty in testing the devices -LRB- you have to coordinate with the people at the other end of the connection to determine if your own configuration is working -RRB- . I 'll try to post an update to this review with the results of that attempt . -LRB- Update
 My daughter bought this for me so I could see my grand children who live in other states . I have spent 6 days and almost $ 450 trying to get it to work . I even hired a computer repairman who charged me $ 184 and could not get it working . If it was not a gift I would send it back to get my money back . I called the help line , lots of times and usually got someone who did n't speak English very well . They would end up telling me it was a problem with the router . Then I would call the router and they would tell me it is a problem with the D-Link . No one wants to take responsibility for getting it working . I even went on the support page on the internet and read pages of things that could be wrong . Tried them all in six days and I still do n't have it working and has cost me alot of time and `` money '' . Good Luck if you buy it you will need it .
 This little D-link box is reasonably simple to configure and use . Even using fast broadband service at both ends , audio quality was rather poor -LRB- I suspect the microphone is not very good -RRB- and the video was awful mainly because of the camera 's extremely poor quality . I wonder what possessed D-Link to fit such a device with a camera that 's about the same level of quality as a $ 15 USB webcam . Under ordinary interior lighting conditions , it is impossible to get a clear , naturally colored picture
 If you are not an IT person you will need help setting up . Using D-Link customer service is a chore due to language issues . I bought the video phone to contact my son in Taiwan and it never would connect == D-Link HELP LINE ?? == could not understand why and were of no help what so ever . I could reach the test location but that was it . = Complete waste of money !!!
 I have to admit , the main reason I purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- of these DVC-1100 's was because of the stellar reviews posted here on Amazon . I bought one for my in-laws and on for my wife and I so that they could watch our children grow up over long distance . Great idea , bad solution . The main problem I had was that the camera lens is fixed , and does NOT focus . I waited 1 hour on the line with D-LINK tech support only to learn that the lenses on these cameras are designed to be fixed and only focus when you are approximately 6 - 8 feet away from the camera . Unfortunately , the ones I got did not focus at all , and the video quality was absolutely terrible -LRB- washed out color and bad contrast -RRB- . Please listen to me , save your money and do not buy the DVC-1100 . This device is cheaply made , and just not there yet ...
 Setting this unit up has been impossible , and I have not been able to use it . I have sought help of Dlync website , dlynk phone support . The have not been able to work me through it . I have paid for a machine I can not use , have spent countless hours on phone and computer in trying to set it up . Another person who has the same system with which I wanted to communicate has had the same problem and can not use hers .
 The pen itself is actually a very nice writing instrument and I have no complaints whatsoever in that regard . By beef is with the fact Cross offers a very limited selection of refill opportunities . If your writing style favors a thick line from your pen , the stock .7 mm black cartridge is perfect for you . If on the other hand , your style favors a neat , precise line for example , recording information in laboratory notebooks , you 're out of luck . I purchased this pen because I like its style and wanted something more than the cheapo stick pens the office typically provides . I bought it with full knowledge that it contained the thicker cartridge , but thought it would be an easy matter to find finer lined refills ... WRONG . When I started looking for refills , I could not find a single .5 mm rollerball gel ink cartridge . Not one ! Even Cross does n't market such things . What 's wrong with this picture?If you need to write fine details , look elsewhere .
 The features on this phone are fantastic . There is a mute button for the speaker phone . Dual keypads , lighted display panel also tells you how long the call was . Call id . Answering machine . The background noise though was enough for me to return the phone . It did n't matter where I was in my house the sound was poor .
 From the first , the sound quality on this phone was poor , and we had some trouble hearing people , even on the highest volume setting . Sound quality on the digital message recorder was also wobbly . Now the head phone jack is loose , and it 's causing us to be unable to use the handset -- sound cuts in and out during phone conversations . In short , it 's junk . I 've heard that Uniden is one of the better brands , but not with this model !
 I did n't purchase this exact model . . mine was the TRU248 and this seemed to be the closest to it . I bought one model from Uniden two months ago only to have the caller ID function feature not work . I took it back -LRB- it was a 900Mhz -RRB- . I then bought the TRU248 . It worked fine for 58 days . And then it started doing the same thing with the caller ID . What bothers me most is that they put in the box a leaflet to call them and not return the product . However , their customer service is always `` busy '' and to call back later . Do n't buy a Uniden product . Two different models with the same exact problem yells `` do n't buy '' to me .
 Basically the 2440 and 2455 use the same technology and communication electronics , just packaged a bit differently between the two models . Tomorrow I am packing up the second model 2455 phone I 've tried and sending it back for good . This phone has more hiss in the earpiece during conversations than any other phone I 've EVER used . It 's a shame , because I love the features and styling of this phone . Range is average , but the menu system and other functions are very nice . Why the engineers that designed this phone ever released it for sale with the amount of background hiss and electronic hash you can hear in the earpiece is a mystery to me . It 's not just the phone I got either , I 've tried two of the model 2440 's and two of the 2455 's , and they ALL had the same annoying hiss . Stay clear of this phone , they need to re-design it to eliminate the hiss you can hear in the earpiece . I ca n't have a conversation for more than 10 minutes before the noise level starts to give me a headache . I tried to like it , I just could n't overcome all that noise . I 'm going to revert back to using my 5 year old Sanyo 900Mhz phone , at least the earpiece on it is silent . Unless you ca n't hear hiss or high frequency hash , or that constant noise in your ear does n't bother you , DO N'T buy this phone !!
 This is a beautiful phone with a great feature set ; unfortunately , the constant static between the handset and the base makes it unusable . I too had to return mine .
 Got the phone 4 months ago with a rebate ... . Should 've saved my money . Feature set and construction is quite good , but actual operation is unreliable . Caller ID function is sporadic -- most times I have to check my $ 35 corded phone to see CallerID information since the ATT LCD is blank . Although range is good -LRB- I 've got a decent signal 10 floors down outside with little obstruction -RRB- , it now cuts-out quite often , leaving you scrambling for another phone in the middle of a call . No problems with the answering machine . Overall , my suggestion is look elsewhere for a phone . In fact , this is the second ATT cordless I 've owned in the past two years , both of which have had significant problems . I thought ATT made good stuff -- now I wonder .
 Here is the message you get from AT&T customer support : Thank you for your recent inquiry to our Customer Service Help Desk.Unfortunately , the V-2400 is no longer available . This model has beendiscontinued.We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.Sincerely , ShawnNational Service CenterAdvanced American Telephones
 I bought this at Staples 6 to 9 months ago , primarily to get greater range and to take advantage of the speakerphone feature . The phone has been a mixed blessing . While I noticed immediately additional range compared to 900Mhz phones , I was disappointed with the quality and design of several features . First , while Caller ID remembers many numbers , there 's no convenient way to erase all the numbers - so your phone will always say ~ 24 Calls . This may bother you and may not . Also , the microphone built into the answering machine is really horrible . As you record your outgoing message , no one will really be able to tell it 's you . For some , this may not be a big deal -- for us , having a garbled outgoing message is truly annoying . Finally , the extra units you may eventually look for as you expand are far too expensive compared to others . Consider Siemens or GE 's new models instead if you 're looking to watch your wallet .
 I have a problem with constant hiss as well , but on my HS-8270 . I 'm in the market for a new 2.4 GHz phone with speaker , CID/CWID , and an answering machine . I was down to this one and the Vtech 2461 . I 've given up on finding a good one with a base keypad -LRB- forget the Panasonic or the Uniden ! -RRB- . Looks like this background hiss may be pervasive in AT&T 's line . Looks like I 'm going Vtech .
 While this phone possesses all the features my ideal 2.4 Ghz should possess , the quality of the phone is absolutely horrendous . The reception inexplicably cuts out , callers occasionally sound far away and the phone emits a loud hissing sound every 25 calls or so that 's readily fixed by smacking it with your hand . AT&T needs to revluate their manufacturing process because based on all the other reviews , it 's obvious AT&T seriously missed the mark on this one .
 I bought this phone three months back since it had many features for a reasonable price . I should have been cautious . There must be a catch somewhere . Well , exactly on the last day of third month , the caller ID stopped working . The store wo n't take it back because they had 40 day return policy . The only hope of repair now is to spend money in sending the unit back to manufacturer . They do not have stores where I can give it for repair . If they decide to replace it , the replacement will be a refurbished phone . How would you like to get a refurbished phone in exchange for a brand new one ? Take my sincere advise , do not buy this phone . I have wasted money and learnt my lesson .
 This phone has lots of great features and I was able to get a great deal on it . Too bad for me , because the unit is absolutely worthless . Complaints about static in other reviews are valid . My range for the unit is useless . It is MUCH worse than any other 900 Mhz phone in my house . I 'm returning it and the two handsets I purchased separately . Do n't waste your time with this phone .
 I have also noticed the presence of background hiss or static while talking on the handsets -- even when standing next to the base unit . Most annoying , though , is the sound quality of the voicemail . Both my outgoing message and messages left by callers sound like they 've come through a long tunnel . I expected an improvement in sound quality by moving to a digital answering machine but have been disappointed.All-in-all , a disappointing purchase .
 I was feeling broke when my fax died and I thought , why bother with one of those more expensive faxes ? You just need a basic machine -- go for this one.Oy . Big mistake . I hate it . Instead of a tidy ink cartridge , you have to use a cumbersome Ink Film roll , which never goes in right , and when you finally do cram it in , it gets used up so quickly , you 're always getting caught short.This is one of those moments when you realize the reason a machine is so -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- is because it is cheaply made . The plastic is flimsy , no parts line up quite the way they should.When this breaks , and I have no doubt that time will come soon enough , I will figure out other ways to economize -- and spring for a sturdier model . And absolutely one that does not rely on `` patent pending '' -LRB- why bother ? -RRB- genuine Panasonic Ink Film .
 This is the worst fax machine I have ever used . The paper feed constantly jams or , worse , never grabs the paper to begin with . If you try to send a multi-page fax you have to feed it in one page at a time . I also loathe the `` film roll '' cartridges , which are messy and difficult to install , as well as expensive .
 I 'm owned this about a year . It 's my 4th Panosonic Fax/answering machine I 've had and virtually nothing works reilably on it . On humid summer days I have to hand feed Faxes through it . The answering machine cuts off about 1 in 5 callers , and equally annoying , if there 's a prompt hangup , from a telemarketer for example , it records 20 seconds of busy signal . None of my other Panosonic 's performed like this.If it had never worked I would have returned it . But it worked randomly enough to use up its warranty .
 I bought this machine to replace an older model . The first time I tried to fax or copy , the gears inside banged and clacked and the fax was continually interrupted . Apparently the gears are unbalanced . This model is a cheap version of my old one and is not good value . I could not find a phone number to discuss with Amazon how to proceed . Apparently Amazon does n't want you to call them even when something they sell is defective . I called Panasonic and was required to give them a credit card number before they would send a new one which I will get in a couple of weeks . They promised not to charge it unless I do n't return the `` dog '' I received in the first place . Hopefully , the new one will work OK , but I have my doubts . This machine is not worth having . Do n't buy electronics from Amazon .
 Very unhappy with quality of machine . The first fax -LRB- 3 pages -RRB- that I sent jammed during transmission and all 3 pages went as one . Also the paper after transmission comes out at the top and not bottom of machine so it curls over on itself . Poor design.Quality of speaker was bad . Lots of static.I returned it !
 First the software on de CD does n't work , reports corrupted files . Second , the phone does n't work without a pc and software present , not as advertised.Bad product.I am returning it .
 * I want to return this product . Not userfriendly , Box received withoutComputer connection cable . Turns off by-itself in a while on startup .
 I purchased this phone recently at a retail store.The setup was simple , the directions were clear , and the design is sleek and comfortable.However , the phone itself is horrible . While people can hear you just fine , you can not hear them . I thought it was interference but I moved both the unit and the phone all over the house.When I went to return it , the clerk commented that they receive about two dozen returns on this phone PER WEEK.Too bad because it has everything I want !
 I ca n't believe I was suckered into buying this piece of worthless junk . I returned it to the store , they gave me a new one , and within one week I had the same problems . The only feature that works is the speaker phone - forget the handset !! I have tried to contact the manufacturer for a refund , also to no avail . Beauty is only skin deep !!
 The design gets you . But , it begins and ends there . The reception is awful . The display died within months . Finding replacement batteries at local retailers is impossible . WARNING
 The design gets you . But , it begins and ends there . Nothing else about this phone is worth having . The reception is HORRIBLE . Within months , the display dies . Batteries are impossible to find at local retailers . You could n't pay me to use this phone again . The mfgr should recall it and give everyone their money back plus extra for the frustration !
 i would n't keep this phone if someone paid me to . The phone has terrible reception . The speakerphone 's sound has gaps in it so it is very hard to hear when listening to an automated system . The only good thing is that the time is set and updated automatically during daylight saving . Next !
 I bought this early this year but took it back after a couple of weeks . The print quality was n't what I was used to on my previous fax machine . I could n't be sure of the smaller type on the documents received -LRB- maybe anything 10-point or less -RRB- . Furthermore , the film cartridges were hard to install -- it was really a learning curve . If you are copying something small like a business card , the machine ca n't tell that it does n't need to use a whole sheet of film , and it advances the film cartridge a whole sheet . So you waste that much film . I would never want another machine that uses film . If the film is n't in exactly right , it wrinkles and you see that in the printout . I 'm surprised they still use this technology .
 Very poor fax machine especially if you 're trying to fax multiple sheets . Prone to jamming , only about 1 out of three faxes go on first try . If you only fax single sheets it may be worth it . Otherwise , keep looking . I 'm looking to replace this thing.On the positive side answering machine works well ...
 I ca n't tell you the issues . I 've had this replaced by Panasonic and the new one still suffers horribly in the exact same way . Jams all the time feeding documents . Worse , on a 10 page fax it will feed 2 at once and not jam and then you are left wondering what did n't get there . On my first one I successfully faxed less than 10 % of the times -LRB- I rarely use a fax so think about how irritating it must have been to make me write this -RRB- . No matter how much or how little you use this it is not worth even $ 5 -LRB- and I only paid $ 20 originally for brand new after rebate -RRB- . I would pay them hundreds to take back the frustration . I actually smashed the replacement finally - I hate this machine and others have had the same experience , now that I 've looked into the reviews -LRB- which for $ 20 and how little I use a fax I did n't bother with when I made my regretable purchase -RRB- . Look around and do n't do this to yourself .
 I never write reviews , but in this case , I am in the process of replacing this piece of crap . We wanted a plain fax machine , nothing else . Well , we got it , it starts sending a fax and states a paper jam . The only way we can get around that is to stand there and push the paper through . I wish we had never seen the stupid machine . Also we get multiple copies , up to 10 from customers that say we are the only ones who have that problem . Like some of the other reviews , never a Panasonic fax again .
 1 . it is cheaply made even at this low price2 . It 's roller mechanism is not stable , and will often ` squeeze ' the pages too tightly , and then your recipients wont be able to read them . Such glitches cause delays in critical work deadlines3 . Sometimes spending a bit more money in order to also buy stress-free equipment is a good thing . I am not sure which other fax machine to buy , have to do more research , but I bought this one on the recommendation of a salesperson . Mistake . Live and learn .
 Everything is ok about this machine . I use it as a fax machine only . The annoying thing about this is that it uses Ink paper!The last guy 's review is on the mark . It prints about 20-30 pages and then you 'll have to change the ink paper . It wastes ALOT of ink paper too.If I knew , I would of bought something else .
 DO NOT BUY THIS FAX MACHINE !!! Documents jam constantly , slow fax speed , can only send 1 sheet -LRB- if you are lucky -RRB- at a time , and poor print quality to name a few . Uses a film cartridge which is difficult to change and contains the exact image of your received documents -- which if they are of a sensitive nature needs to be shredded . I am currently searching for a replacement -- perhaps I will try a Brother machine .
 small screen says paper jammed even when no paper shows anywhere in machine . Impossible to send any faxes or make copies . The periodic report of calls works well , and there are no jams . Rings are decently loud , but that is it!It is out of warranty , so the Panasonic people want me to pay , with credit card , before they ARE willing to answer any questions . Avoid this little machine , no matter the cost , because it is likely you will choose another make . A real disgrace for Panasonic , and I shall probably avoid any of their products except televisions .
 Waste of money . All I need is a simple fax for occasional use , but with this one there are frequent `` check document '' messages , problems in both receiving and sending , and it ca n't send more than one page at a time . It takes several tries to send even one page , giving the `` check paper '' prompt each time . Wasteful film , too . Keep looking .
 I ordered this fax machine and the seller collected BUT I never received the unit . I have sent Amazon 2 emails regarding the `` non delivery '' of my order and both times I have been told that I would be contacted by the seller via email . This is yet to happen.David Hamilton
 The machine arrived on time and appeared to be in good condition . The telephone works dialing out , but the fax function does n't work , and it will not print or copy . I have written to the seller twice with no response asking if I should return it . It probably would cost as much to ship as it is worth . I would recommend that noone buy from this seller . Caveat Emptor.Vertical Communications - Wave IP 2500 8x8 Analog Universal Module - The AUM has eight analog FXS station ports -LRB- which can also be used as eight DID trunk ports -RRB- or eight analog FXO loop start trunk ports . FXS station ports support standard analog sets , ...
 We bought this fax machine for the occasional fax we need to send or receive at home . Sending seems to be fine . Receiving is a pain in the neck ! The paper does n't seem to want to feed in and faxes constantly get stuck in the memory . I have to constantly feed in one sheet at a time to receive a fax . We are n't pleased with this and are in the process of buying a new machine . Hopefully we 'll be happier !
 I use the fax to send in a time sheet every other week and then every now and then when something ca n't be e-mailed . It has been fine to send in the time sheets but just today I was expecting a 40 page fax for my husbands job out of town and only got 12 sheets out of it because I could n't feed the paper through the jammed fax machine fast enough . So , I had to depend on the memory and that only saved up about 121/2 pages . Oh , well . Lots of lost time on this one . I 'll be purchasing a better fax machine and having it shipped tomorrow .
 I purchased a fax machine from this seller which she claimed was new . However when I received the fax it was covered in dust and was stained yellow . Furthermore the unit did not work ! It would have been better described as used and in poor condition . This seller clearly has no business selling on Amazon , Ebay , Craiglist , etc. ... . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER !
 When I first got the machine I sent a 1 page fax and it worked okay , so I threw the packaging away . After that every time I send a multi-page fax The pages get stuck & go through together . I use good quality paper & fan it out , but even after multiple attempts I get the same results . Now the new thing is , even when I put the documents in one at a time , some of the pages do n't get acknowledged and I get an error message . I tried calling the help line but they do n't have weekend coverage . Now I 'm trying to figure out if I 'm better off sending it for repair , or just throwing it in the garbage where it belongs and trying again with another make and model . I really do n't know if this thing is worth any more of my time . Take my advise , stay away from this machine . By the way , this machine does n't deserve close to one star , but they do n't have zero stars as an option for the rating .
 should you buy this machine . it has been a disaster . after two months , it failed to automatically feed pages -- they all get stuck . it is hard to load . i thought i would save a few bucks by getting a cheap fax , but now , less than a year after buying it , i am giving up and buying another one . this was plain awful .
 fails to properly feed sheets -LRB- they appear to stick together -RRB- ; ca n't print for s -- . Enough said ; saved you $ 89.95 .
 Easy to setup . But the copier quality has become extremely poor right after several uses . The copy printout is not readable . Not recommended .
 This machine is horrible . I have had only two successful transfers with this machine that were legible and they were on the day I bought the machine . The rolling mechanism used to scan documents is terrible , jams all the time . I have had plenty of complaints about people receiving my faxes and saying they ca n't read a thing . The quality is very very very low on received and sent faxes . I would not recommend anyone to buy this machine .
 I originally wrote a review on this item nearly a year ago , giving it an excellent review . However , since then I have drastically downgraded it to a 1 rating . Initially , the machine worked flawlessly ; however , it has NOT held up . I started using it more for my business , and the pages kept getting stuck , causing me to re-fax documents pape-by-page . The machine is wasteful using the thermal ink paper , which is expensive . This is the last time I will purchase Panasonic .
 Unless you want to end up in an insane asylum , do not buy this paper . This paper does n't work with Avery 8380 template , and is impossible to keep aligned in sheet-feeding printers . I have thrown out 1/2 the postcards I 'm trying to print because they printed crooked!I have a good printer , too - a new Canon Pixma iP6700D . The cartridge wo n't accept these if you want to print landscape instead of portrait -LRB- does n't accept 6 wide by 4 in . tall -RRB- . Buy the 8.5 x 11 in . postcard sheets instead -LRB- 2 postcards per sheet -RRB- . Will be slightly more hassle to tear the postcards off the sheet , but at least they will print straight and you will have all your hair in the end !
 Like the features of the telephone , however , talk time is MAYBE 20 minutes before the battery says recharge and dies . I was careful to charge the full 15 hours , and went beyond that , to make sure it had a full charge before first usage . It gradually quit holding charge after less than 6 mos . Went back to where I bought it and they said they could send it back for possible repair or I could buy another battery . Decided to fork out the -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- for another battery only to find out they did n't have a battery for it in stock . Was referred to 2 other stores in the area , no battery , finally ordered one from a major supplier , only to find out , after waiting a week for delivery , that it is not in stock and they do n't know when it will be available ! Very frustrated ! Now I read that other people have experienced the same problem with the battery failing to maintain a charge . I am taking the phone back to the store today , I want another model of telephone that lasts longer than 6 mos with parts that are readily available !
 I had a great Panasonic 900mhz cordless phone that worked great before I bought this one . The only reason I had to get rid of it was because I wore the buttons out.I was stoked when I saw all the great features this phone had . Too bad the phone sucks though . Since this is a 2.4 Ghz I figured it would be clear as day but as another reviewer mentioned the phone has this terrible buzzing sound/high pitch tone that never goes away , even if you change channels or if you 're 2 feet from the base . Second , the battery sucks . I 'll go to work with the charge saying full and come home to a dead phone . This is after only 2-4 months of use . My old phone lasted for days and would give me an accurate reading of when it needed to be recharged . Third , the battery itself is too loose . I would put the phone down it would totally turn itself off and loose connection with the base . I fixed this by adding some foam inside the battery compartment to make it more snug . I even returned it and the new phone had the same problems minus the loose battery.The only thing that I like with this phone is the fact you can use speakerphone with the headset . Other than that it is a crappy piece of equipment . Panasonic has lost me as a loyalist.Don ' t buy if you can help it .
 The battery life is so poor -LRB- < 20 min -RRB- that nothing else need be known about this phone . Avoid it .
 did a lot of reading and looking at phones and when i purchased this one it had decent reviews and fit my budget and my needs . Initially the phone was fine , but after a couple months the battery kept dying out . The battery indicator will be showing a full charge but after 30 minutes of talking the phone dies , needless to say its very annoying to be in mid conversation and have the phone die -LRB- this has resulted in numerous conversations over speaker phone , which by the way works good -RRB- . Seeing as how a phones primary function should be to facilitate talking i 'm very disapointed ! The functions offered are nice -LRB- the speaker phone function on the phone itself -LRB- not the base -RRB- is nice and allows friends and famaily to hear my 18 month old daughter babble while we talk . So good functions , nice design , good price but horrible battery !
 Had my phone for about a year now and it never has held a charge for more than 20 minutes of talk time . From day one I charged the phone over night for about 15 hours and found the unit would display `` Recharge '' after about 15 to 20 minutes of use . After a couple of months I purchased a new battery and the problem was not fixed . Now a friend of mine with the same phone is having the exact same problem after only 2 months . There is definetly a problem with the design of this phone . AVOID THIS PHONE !!!
 Went through four of these phone and none of them worked . Battery life on three was less that 4 hours . Handset had response time problems on two of the four . Finally sent the fourth one back and started shopping for another brand . I have the previous generation Panasonic and love it .
 Great features yes , but I have had -LRB- and am still having -RRB- the same battery problems as other reviewers
 i had nothing but problems with this phone . first off it was really static sounding . sedcond , it would change channels automaticly every few seconds and half the time it would get worse reception and the other half it would produce a loud buzzing noise that wouldnt go away till you manually changed the channel 3 or 4 times . if you live in a house or apt with walls that are thicker than paper , this phone probably wont work for you either . but the good thing , i took it back to the store -RRB- circut city -RRB- and they took the piece of junk off my hands once and for all .
 I hate to add to the whining ... but it 's true . This phone has some very nice features , combined with what I think is a defective charging circuit inherent in the design . I had my phone `` repaired '' by Panasonic once . The battery difficulties returned . I have spent half what I paid for the phone on new battery packs . I have even used external equipment to measure and charge the packs . To no avail ! As soon as you rely on the phone to maintain the battery 's charge , the batteries fail . I 'm surprised that Panasonic keeps feeding this dog to the marketplace . Let 's hope these reviews alert people to avoid this product .
 I bought this phone in September 2002 the exchanged because I thought I had a lemon . The second was just as bad . The battery just does n't last . I had to leave it charging when not in use or it world start to beep after a few hours of use . Other then that I like it . I almost forgot I called the company and they sent me some paded stickers to stick on the battery to `` help extend the battery life . ''
 After shopping around for a good quality home/office phone , I decided on this one which ended up being very disappointing . The phone has some good features but very poor quality . I had instant issues with battery having to be charged constantly . I took that one back to the store . Now I am in the midst of doing a replacement since people have trouble hearing me , I cut in and out , people on the other end sound muffled . I didnt expect that from a -LSB- $ -RSB- phone . Wouldnt waste the money on this one !
 It 's true . There is a systematic defect on this model where the battery life lasts 20 minutes or less . If you leave it off the base for 6 hours , the charge is completely gone and yes , I did charge it the full amount before the first use . Stay away from this one !
 I bought this phone , and followed the directions on charging it , but it still dies after 5-6 hours of being off the base , and if I talk on it for more than 20 minutes the battery dies . I am writing this in the middle of my search for a replacement battery , and if that costs too much i 'll be getting a new phone .
 This phone is awful . I bought it for my mother , who loves to keep in touch with her children and friends via phone . The battery ALWAYS conks out after about 30 minutes . I am embarassed that this happened and am bringing her a new phone tomorrow -- and you can bet it will not be a panasonic .
 In a word this phone stinks . I 'm going out today to find a battery . The battery has not held a charge from the first day I used it . It has about 3 hours on it , and in calls , only less than a hours worth .
 We bought this unit about a year ago and it seemed to work ok for the first few months . The telephone part of it works great . We do n't recieve faxes to often so it 's hard to tell when it went haywire but now the paper feeds in crooked so it ca n't complete the fax , so it stores it . Not a word in the book about how to recieve a stored fax . The onscreen notes say to check the ink and we do but it does n't help . We 've decided to throw it in the trash can and buy a Brother . The last Brother we owned worked perfectly . We thought upgrading to Panasonic would be nice . NOT
 bulky and cumbersome . needs new ribbons often which are pricey and inefficient . Poor signal quality with handheld . Threw it in the garbage .
 This phone looks good but worked for only one month . After that , it was really noisy and ca n't be acceptable.I have to look for another phone to replace it .
 this phone looks not bad and worked well in the first month , but after one month it was really noisy that ca n't be acceptable.now i have to look for another phone to replace it .
 I 've tested many ink jet cards since I make and sell my own greeting cards.Avery used to have a great product almost ten years ago - a print to the edge glossy greeting card . Loved them , but for some reason they discontinued it.I wanted to try these but was disappointed to learn , after I bought them at Staples , that they are not a typical card stock weight , but more like perforated paper . Also , because they 're perforated it does leave a rough edge after you separate the cards . It would be nice if they could make these with the same non-perforated edges used for their clean edge business cards -LRB- which I love . -RRB- If you want note cards for personal use and you do n't mind the less than `` real '' card quality , these will probably work for you . If you want a professional presentation of your art or photography I recommend going with a heavier card stock that does n't have perforated edges .
 This paper , despite its name , is not heavyweight at all . It 's very thin and when using an Epson Stylus Pro 4900 , it wraps slightly under the weight of the ink even when using the best setting for this type of paper . Slightly , because it 's not out of control , but enough that the end product is not clean enough to be presentable.The templates for this product are only available for Microsoft Word and Apple Pages . No photoshop , or any other Adobe products.I now hope to be able to use it for collages , but afraid that the glue and matte medium will prove too much for it .
 Too cumbersome - will not use again . It is difficult to figure out the positioning of the content to match the folds of the card . Not much , if any , assistance on this from Avery . Also , once folded , the card is very thick and heavy . In my opinion , the one , or two-card format sheets are much better .
 The product was exactly what I wanted , but the package had clearly been opened . There were supposed to be 50 note cards in the box and I think there were only 25 . I 'd started using them before I noticed , so I ca n't return it . Totally ripped off .
 My product arrived damaged . Two of the envelopes are not even usable since they are so bent up . The entire stack of cards is bent on one corner . This was a waste of my money .
 Nice color printout on this card stock . Very satisfied with the few cards that I managed to print out . But ... my Epson R800 printer will not handle the cardstock -LRB- because of the 85 # weight ? -RRB- . The stock will not feed through my printer at all , for multiple printouts . Even one-by-one , the printer spits out the product . NOT truthful , to say that the card stock works well all printers . My Epson prints out gorgeous photos , and I have had zero difficulties with a variety of heavier printing papers . Will NOT buy again . Very disappointed in the product .
 This is a very cheap card and envelope set . The card stock is about half the weight of standard stock , and the envelopes so thin you can see through them . I was hugely disappointed and ended up buying other stock for my project , though I did use the envelopes since on my budget I had no choice .
 I ordered the product . I recieved it damaged.I called in the problem the person told me how to return it properly and asured me they would resend item when they recieved damaged item back.Well I never recieved it . So i called and they told me on the phone that i was not going to get it I had to reorder it and that the person told me wrong before.So its better to just drive to a store and get it instead of waiting weeks and weeks for nothing
 The crease line on these cards is off by at least 1/8 '' . Once you fold the card on the preset crease you will find that your card is crooked . I ended up using my test card which I printed with general purpose HP paper -LRB- uncreased -RRB- and it looks fine .
 Sorry to say that the paper is chintzy and the CD would not install in my computer . I have never had that happen . If I were Hallmark , I would allow us to access the goodies on their crappy CD and design our own cards ... as long as we had the cards printed at their printers.What a dissappointment . Fortunately , I can use the paper for something else .
 The cards are flimsy , not thick paper and have a poor print surface . Almost like printing on plain paper.The envelopes are thin , pretty much bottom of the barrel.Software -LRB- a ` trial version ' -RRB- only works on PC , MAC users need not apply.You get a fancy package with cheap product inside - Hallmark has a lot of nerve calling this ` Premium Blank ' and ` High Quality ' , unless they are describing the box it comes in.If you are trying to make first rate greeting cards , this is not your solution.I spent my entire career in the graphic arts , so I know paper .
 I could only get this paper to feed correctly through my HP 7310 inkjet printer about 50 % of the time , thereby causing me to go through an awful lot of paper ... even after cleaning my printer . I much prefer the Hallmark Traditional Card size , which does n't appear to be available anymore , and did n't give me nearly as much trouble as this paper . Plus , after printing , the card just did n't look as nice . It did n't stand as straight up as straight as the previous Hallmark card stock ... I 'm not sure that the other was thicker or anything , it just seemed less flimsy . For the cards that did print , the ink saturation looked good though .
 This is the second pack of IDENTICAL Hallmark cards . They are IDENTICAL boxes - 85lb -LRB- per box label -RRB- , but clearly the second pack is a lighter weight card , it feels too flimsy . I bought the first box about 1.5 yrs ago . I will not buy these again , as I would be just as well off buying heavy 8x10 stock paper from the art store . Someone at Hallmark should be embarrassed .
 as i have found with the other 20 packs the quailty on these are far below the 50 packs , and no john wayne movie to be found . i include that because his picture is on cover
 If it sounds too good to be true it usually is . The selection of movies in this pack is good , but for a `` star '' pack , the quality is less than stellar ! That is provided you can even get the discs to play . Out of the 5 discs they all had at least two or more movies that would not play at all . I ended up sending the whole set back . Overall I was very disappointed with this purchase .
 This ` talking electronic dictionary ' synthesizes English but does NOT synthesize Vietnamese ! Utterly useless to an English speaker who needs to hear the intonations . You can hear a limited number of pre-recorded Vietnamese phrases in a travelers phrase book , but the dictionary itself does NOT speak Vietnamese.Candidly , I feel the available product descriptions are quite misleading on this point . I guess you learn as you go - next time I buy a talking Vietnamese dictionary , I 'll be more careful to make sure the language it speaks is Vietnamese .
 This is probably the worst electronic dictionary i ever bought . I bought this dictionary 5 months ago and i thought its a great dictionary since they said its contains over 1 millions of words . Its true it contains over a million of word but the translation was so poor and confusing from english to vietnamese a lot of time i just tossed it away . Plus the battery only held 5 minutes so i had to charge it everytime i wanted to use it . I wish i did n't wasted $ 500 for it and only used 20 days .
 I ordered the Dry erase bullet tip markerins in 4 colors - 3 sets . I only got 1 box of 4 markers . I thought I was going to get 3 boxes . Not pleased with the order .
 Out of all the fountain pens I have ever owned , this one was one the worst . God forbid you should touch the lower edge of the fountain pen . First time I used the fountain pen my fingers ended up black with ink . Then , when you close the fountain pen , the nib will touch the edge , releasing more ink , so that when you uncap the fountain pen and put it on the top half -LRB- to make the fountain pen longer -RRB- ink then discolors the top , so that when you finally close the pen , there is even more ink everywhere . This is after only using the fountain for no more than a few hours , God forbid I should actually use it all the time . I e-mailed the company , but still have n't heard back from them . In other words , lousy product and even worse customer relations .
 From the word retro you expect thatthe pen is a remake of the originalNO This pen ca n't suck ink from an inkpotIt comes with 1 small cartridge.I do n't know where to buy these cartridges.Besides that the pen is to small.It is made for a child 's hand
 I purchased this label maker about 6 months ago , and have consistently had problems . Either it simply wo n't finish printing the label , or it gives me some indication that there is a battery problem . Yes , of course , I 've tried several times to replace it with fresh batteries . It 's pretty much useless .
 I like several of the features on this , but its waste of batteries makes it of very little use . Because it is programmed to keep the date and time current , it is never really `` off . '' I used it once a week for the first few weeks , but found that it needed new batteries every couple of weeks . Now , I have to take out the batteries each time I put it away . That 's rather annoying , but not as annoying as having to reset the date & time each time I power it up again , because it wo n't let you proceed with labeling until you enter date , time , language , etc. . It gets used two to four times per YEAR now . Maybe if I ever find a power cord for it I would use it more , but the power cord will likely be as much as I paid for the labeler 5 years ago -LRB- $ 28 -RRB- . Plus , it will likely require resetting each time I plug it in , which would still be annoying . The main reason I had bought it was because I had tapes leftover from my older , broken model . When i went to use them , though , the tapes had dried out and could n't be used ! I should have returned when I had the chance . Prints well & has a few different print styles .
 While this prints truly nice , sharp labels I would not recommend it because it needs fresh batteries every few labels . At first I thought that it was the batteries , but I 've repeatedly tried fresh , new batteries and get a few labels out and it shuts off , needing new batteries.If I do manage to get through the labels that I need at one time , I know that I 'll have to replace them before using it the next time . Because of this , I find myself avoiding using it and hand-labeling my files and other things that I would like to use a printed label.I 'm giving up and buying one that has an AC adapter .
 I bought this P-Touch and also bought the power adapter . I looked all over the power adapter page to see which models it worked with , but could n't find anything , so I `` hoped '' the adapter and the PT-80 worked together . When I got the PT-80 , I found there was no where to plug in the adapter . So , I returned it and ordered the PT-1280 instead . Unfortunately , the PT-1280 did n't have great user comments , so I hope it 's okay -LRB- have n't gotten it yet -RRB- , but at least it will work with the adapter I bought . I just ca n't be bothered with the battery problems .
 As someone who has been happy with other Brother products I think the company really dropped the ball here.I read the reviews that mentioned that the batteries do n't last long . But for a brand new battery pack to only print about 7 -LRB- SEVEN -RRB- small labels before the machine shuts down is ridiculous . The biggest shocker for me , however , was that this label maker does NOT accept rechargeable NiMH batteries . And remember , there is no AC adapter for this device . I think this is a serious design flaw -LRB- or defect -RRB- making this completely useless , unless you like going through Alkaline batteries like popcorn.I returned this product after a very short time -LRB- thank you AMAZON ! -RRB- and ordered another label maker -LRB- Brother PT-2100 -RRB- . And the PT-2100 ROCKS ! The PT-2100 accepts researchable NiMH batteries -LRB- and they seem to last forever -RRB- , and it comes with an AC power adapter.The Pt-80 had enough capabilities for my needs , but until brother fixes that power issue , it is not a machine you can rely on .
 worked great for a few months , then started sucking batteries . every time i pulled it out of the drawer -LRB- once a month or so -RRB- i 'd have to put in a new set of batteries just to get it to print . now it wo n't print anything , even with fresh batteries -LRB- it still feeds the tape through though -RRB- . so , i 'm going to be looking for a new label maker . yay .
 As several reviewers have noted , this unit notoriously reports `` low battery '' after just a few uses . This is the case even when using very new `` digital '' batteries.I 'm rating this with two stars instead of one because I find the interface is easy to use and functional . If not for the power problem , this would unit would be fine.I would have liked to see an optional AC adapter for this , and would have gladly paid for it . As it is , I 'm keeping my eye out for a new labeler .
 While it is a good label maker , it wastes batteries ! I popped in brand new batteries and printer 1 label . Kept it on the shelf for a few weeks . When I turned it on for printing the next label , it already complains that the batteries are weak ! Unbelievable : - -LRB-
 Horrible battery life - dead battery after 1 label . Thought that the batteries were bad , took new battaries , and the same thing happened . So , made 2 labels and wasted 8 battaries . Do not buy .
 I wanted to reiterate that this thing * EATS * batteries . I thought I could combat this flaw with rechargeable batteries , but in the end it did n't work out . You end up getting stuck with a dead device while you wait for 6 hours for your batteries to recharge -LRB- Rechargeable batteries still loose their charge when they are not being used -RRB- . I 'm not saying you ca n't manage your battery usage and make this device work for you , but I will say that I do n't have the time to worry if the batteries in my labeler are up to the task.Eventually I had an engineering buddy solder a power cord to the device so I would n't have to worry about the batteries anymore . Yes it 's a hack , but it was cheaper than buying another labeler . If you 're already looking to buy a $ 20/30 dollar labeler , I 'd recommend getting one with an optional power cord .
 I do n't know why this thing asks for the date and time when you start it
 This item prints out nice lettering , tape is not that sticky . After two short lines it is blinking low battery . I have used this item twice and put in the closet , surely was not worth my money . Son seen one at Walmart and thought we should try that one to see if it is any better and compare them . LOL
 I would n't recommend this device . I echo the other users comments concerning battery life . And both of my devices -- one for home and the other for office -- have stopped working . I 'm not a techie and have no idea how to fix them , thus I 've wound up throwing the out . This device is a waste of money . I suggest purchasing another .
 No matter how excellent many other features of this labeler are , everything is negated by the astonishingly horrible battery life on this product . It goes through batteries like no other product I 've ever owned . It 's as if they did it on purpose ! The fact that it does n't even have an option for a dc input makes it even worse . I 've already spent more on batteries for this thing than I have on the item itself . Junk .
 I hate this label maker . You can only print maybe one or two labels before it indicates low battery . I have replaced the batteries 4 times & have appox 5 labels . If you work for or have stock in duracell this is the label maker for you . If you dont & want to have an actual functioning label maker pass on this worthless piece of junk .
 Most significantly , it does n't save much time when it takes 15-20 seconds just to peel the backing off every single label ! I thought date-stamping some food would be a good idea , but I just grab a pen now.I could n't get it to print , at first , and read the manual completely trying to figure out the problem . It turns out the back of the printer has to in place before it will print . Clever , but it would have been nice to include that in the trouble-shooting section!I had to read the manual to figure out how to get it to feed labels -- it just should n't be that difficult to use.I 've used it to print maybe a dozen labels in 3 weeks and the batteries are already shot ! That just seems ridiculous to me.In reality , it seems this printer will be a lot more expensive to use than I ever expected .
 While the P-Touch has a number of nice , handy features , reliability and durability are n't among them . Mine initially worked quite well for very light home office duty , but after a few months it dropped dead . I made certain to switch the power off regularly and remove the batteries when it was not in use . -LSB- ... -RSB- . This item is made in China , so I guess I should have considered the poor quality of goods made there when I purchased this . Suffice to say if the manufacturer does n't stand behind their own product then this is NOT a brand you should be buying . There are other brands that make label makers and I would STRONGLY suggest looking at their products first !
 This is the most annoying piece of junk I have bought in ages . The instructions tell you to feed the tape before use . What they do n't say is you have to type up a label before the feed button will work . I took the first one back because I thought it was defective . Once I figured this out on the second one I printed some labels . The big problem is peeling the backing off the labels . There is a peeler slot on the thing but pictures in the instructions are so small and bad they are useless , and following the text instructions does n't work . Peeling off the backing by hand requires the patience of a saint and the dexterity of a fly tying fly fisherman . Its OK if you just want to label your stereo , but if you need to label a few hundred files this thing is a joke . You will have to spend hours coaxing the backing off the label tape .
 I have no complaints about the product itself . It is easy to use and does a good job making the labels I want to make with the right customization . However , it is a battery vampire . I have had it for five years now and no matter how recently I 've bought the batteries , it blasts right through them . This most recent time I had bought fresh batteries from the store -LRB- 4 AAA -RRB- and put them in , and before I finished typing the name of the first label , the battery indicator started flashing that it was time to replace the batteries . There is no A/C option , so there 's no way to mitigate the damage this little wonder will do to your supply of AAA 's . Based on the extreme battery consumption I would not recommend this model to anyone , and am finally throwing in the towel and getting another brand .
 Why it needs to store date , time , etc is beyond me.Every time I take mine out , I need new batteries.There is no option to use an AC adapter to alleviate this issue . So , long-term this unit will be expensive to maintain , or be unreliable since battery status ca n't be trusted .
 I bought the Brother PT-80 Label Maker in 2008 and have used it on many occasions . As far as creating labels is concerned , it works great and still prints the same as the day it arrived . The major negative -LRB- as stated in many other reviews -RRB- is the battery drain on this product is the worst I have ever witnessed ! -LRB- and I have countless electronics that use batteries -RRB- . I have used different batteries and regardless of type , brand , rechargeable , etc ... the result is the same . Do n't even think about leaving the batteries in the device ... I assure you they will be expired the next time you use it , even if it is only a couple days later . This is a major flaw and not having an option for AC power truly hinders the device . The replacement cartridges are also not cheap . Between the expense and frustration of replacing batteries , and the cost of cartridges , I can not fully recommend a purchase . If it were under $ 10 to buy , then I could easily do so , but there are far too many other label makers that would be better suited to spend your money on .
 I will give the product two stars since it does what it supposed to do.pros
 I see now that other people have had this same issue . $ 29 is a good price until you have to figure in $ 5 every other month for batteries . I use the PT-80 to make 5-10 labels a month and I continue to get the battery message . The PT-80 actually stops printing and feeding even though the measured voltage on the 1.5 vdc batteries is 1.52-1 .54 vdc . Brand new batteries , they measure 1.59 vdc , still get the battery message after printing 5 tapes .
 Can not keep batteries in this thing . Use it , it eats batteries , do n't use it , it eats batteries , think about using it , it eats batteries . Did I mention it eats batteries ? I finally gave up , buy one that plugs in .
 I bought this labeling device to organize my laboratory , because it was on sale , inexpensive , and looked straightforward to use . I 've since had to buy 15 refill label tape cartridges which have wound up costing me an additional > $ 225 . The machine has an enticingly low price ; the company makes up the difference with the expensive tape . Also , the machine automatically puts a buffer of ~ 1/2 inch of tape on either side of each label that you print , which means that you are automatically wasting a ton of tape for each label - I have n't found any way to change the default settings so that I use less tape per label.Like other customers , I 've encountered the short battery life problem . However , this is less of an issue for me because I have just dedicated four rechargeables to the task of running the Brother.In summary , I would love to give this device a higher rating because of its ease of use . But if you plan to do a lot of labeling , I think that in the long run you might find a cheaper solution if you buy a more expensive labeler at the outset - one that charges less for replacement tape cartridges .
 This is a pretty decent label maker if you get it at a good price . The biggest problems I see is the device for removing the label backing and the wasted tape . Removing the backing involves putting the label in a small slot and quickly pulling it out to get the ends to separate so that one can then peel the label from it 's backing . After using the initial roll of label tape , which is one half the amount of a regular roll -LRB- 13 ' versus 26 ' -RRB- it seemed the labels would n't separate . I do n't know if it 's a tape problem or the device for separating the labels just sort of wears down . Because you must put about 1/2 '' of tape into this slot , they have to keep the ends of the tape - before and after the printed matter about 1/2 '' long . If you make short labels you end up wasting half your printer tape . I may take this thing back . It appears the whole concept of removing the tape was a rushed afterthought.Update
 I 've used this label maker for about 2 years now . During that time I produced about 30-40 labels and have had to replace the batteries -LRB- 4 AAA -RRB- seven times . It seems to draw on the batteries even when it 's off . I 've had enough of Brother products .
 I bought this due to its affordable and economical price . However , few impractical features of the product makes me regretted for going cheap . Should have pay more for a higher end product . The batteries run out very fast . In this case , I would think the manufacturer should at least offer a AC input . Only the M type label can be used for this model and it has only paper type material . Disappointed though printing is quite fast .
 I used brand new , no where near expiring batteries ... after first print out -LRB- about 10 characters -RRB- it informed me the batteries were running low . After a few more print outs it would just power off half way through a print . I had to constantly take out the batteries , and wiggle them around to get the thing to work . It prints out about 2 times -LRB- 8-10 characters each -RRB- before it shut off and I have to start with the battery wiggling again . I wish I could give it a better review , but I wo n't .
 The label peeling slot does not work , so you ca n't even get to the adhesive backing . Sort of defeats the purpose , no ? Batteries go dead every time I use it . Piece of junk . Suffered through using it for about a year and just threw it in the trash .
 This is an absolutely horrible device . It only runs on batteries , and I 'm only able to print 6 -LRB- < -- SIX !!!! -RRB- labels before the batteries die . Brother should be brought up on war crimes for this horrendous machine .
 This label maker was great until I ran out of tape . I went through 3 cartridges of labels -LRB- tape -RRB- very quickly . Brother really gets you because there is a lot of space in front of your text as well as after your text . I sold mine and am looking for one that does not waste a lot of tape . For now , I 'll stick to computer printouts . $ 10 is too much for only a few labels .
 I bought this labeler several years ago and had to replace it with another model due to the ridiculous waste of batteries . As many others have written , you can get only a few labels before the batteries are exhausted . That 's just a really poor design.I purchased a Brother rechargeable model that 's vastly superior .
 For the price , I was n't expecting a top of the line labeler . BUT , I also did not expect the product to break after 2 uses ! Maybe I just got a defective one , but let me tell you , mine broke.Maybe you do get what you pay for .
 never recieved item , dont know if they shipped or not , could be the shippers fault !
 1st i read all the reviews which HELPED me purhcase this product with extra cartridge , they were a great help mind you .2 nd when i received the labeller and startyed to print i finished a cartridge in a day , seriously .3 rd after using it and putting the labels every - main reason to purchase was to place labels on my daughters baby bottles , to find out - very disappointed that the labels can not be WET - i taught it was the heat from the hot water after sterlizing the bottles but it was the water on the hold ... which makes you waste money -LRB- which they are not cheap -RRB- for labels for the bottles - I AM NOT PLEASED at allllllllll!I know it has to be this type of label paper used because the labels i GOT before from another labeller - brand not told here - works fine . . not horrors no worries no extra spending - what a waste ... after alll . . do not let the comments fool you . . i hope mine has helped ...
 This is my personal experience with a Brother Labeler P-touch model PT-80 . For several years I have owned a model PT-65 and like the PT-80 it is also made in China . The PT-65 has been very useful for the usual household needs of my family , but when my 6 year old girl dropped it and cracked the case I decided to step-up to a newer model . I purchased the PT-80 at a very reasonable price -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , been aware that Brother makes it 's profits on the sale of the tape and not on the machine.My first experience was with trying to use a set of high quality rechargeable batteries , after the initial set-up I was able to print 2 labels , then the machine stopped in the middle of the 3rd label.Since the back of the PT-80 states `` 4 AAA Alkaline Batteries '' I replaced the rechargeable batteries with Alkaline batteries , much to my surprise the PT-80 keep it 's settings and the text in memory during the battery exchange.I tried to print some new labels using additional styles and settings . I was able to print one label before the low battery indicator came on screen and then the PT-80 turned itself off.I was able to turn it on again and again , but it will only print part of the label every time . After reading reviews posted by other users , this is not be a defective PT-80 , but a design problem.My old PT-65 uses 6 batteries and not 4 like the PT-80 , and the batteries are the larger AA size and not he smaller AAA used by the PT-80 . My recommendation is to avoid the PT-80 , returning it for an exchange will not be practical due to shipping charges.Yesterday I was able to buy a Refurbished PT-65 , like my old one , for less than 10 bucks and it works very well.Joaquin Arosemena
 From the Brother website ... `` Although the machine is not being used often , the Time and Date function requires power from the batteries continually to keep the Time and Date up to date . Therefore , by using the time and date function this will decrease the battery Life . If you use the machine only once a week and do n't require the Time and Date function , you can remove the batteries from the machine to increase the battery life . `` In essence , if you want your batteries to survive at all you should remove them after every use . I went to their FAQs after the third set of batteries lasted only a few labels . I would receive the `` BATTERY '' warning when trying to print and it was nearly impossible to complete label.I expect a label maker to be like any other office appliance - easy , convenient , and reasonably reliable . It 's not easy or convenient if I have to constantly remove and replace batteries . I 'm highly disappointed .
 This product has great features , is easy to use , and has a fantastic form factor.It 's easy to make nice labels , they look great when they print , and it has a handy groove to help you separate the label from its backing after you cut it off.HOWEVER , it has a huge flaw
 I bought this unit and always have battery problems . Even with fresh batteries , it does n't last long . In addition , this unit does n't have a power adapter plug , so you must rely on batteries . I have rechargeable AAA batteries , and even these do n't work even though fully charged . It prints partially before completely shutting down . This is poor design and I 'm not the only person encountering this problem it seems . Overall , it 's an absolutely horrible device . The next one I 'm getting will support a power adapter . You should look for that option too . Avoid this unit at all cost .
 These are very nice binders , a quality product . Unfortunately , they are sold and labled as a 2 '' binder , however they are much bigger . A quick look with a ruler and you will see these are actually 3 '' binder . A fantastic deal if you want a giant 3 '' binder , but a waste of time if 2 '' is all you wanted .
 This book is overpriced for what you get.Much smaller and cheaper quality than I had hoped.Would not recommend it .
 first off the book arrived several days late and there was no real `` tracking '' . it was nothing but dates and `` arrival scan '' but it did n't tell me where it arrived.Secondly the book sucks . The spaces are way too small to write in unless you are about the size of a smurf.the sad thing is is that i ca n't find anything better to replace it . if anyone knows of a auto record book that is bigger please let me know !
 One Year Later Update
 This is good product as long as it works but the handset do n't charge anymore after 1.5 years of regular use the handset died bought new batteries but of no use it still wo n't charge.The base shows the charge led lit but it never charges
 Have had this for a couple of years . Have replaced 3 of the 4 handsets . The 4th one just died . This time the whole thing goes in the garbage . Great phone while they are alive but cease to function VERY quickly .
 I tried to replace my old Swingline tiny tot 50 stapler because I could not find refill staples for it . So I tried this Slim Portable Stapler . I have always bought Swingline because they were always the best . My old Swingline staplers have lasted for years and still staple smoothly . Anyway , I took this new Swingline Portable out of the package , filled it with staples and simply could not get it to work . I tried sliding the button which was difficult to slide , and still could not get it to work . I returned it . I luckily and happily found refills for my old Swingline tiny tot 50 stapler here on Amazon and could not be happier . Why does n't Swingline bring back that Tiny Tot 50 stapler it is great !
 does n't work . Great design great concept but functionality is very low . Returned it to Amazon and purchased a smaller regular design stapler .
 Cheap stapler
 It looks very fancy , but can not do its job at all . Feel like spending money on a trash . Very disappointed .
 This stapler did n't work at all , I assume it was a defected item . I would have happily tried a new one , but I was n't given the option to get a refund or even file a claim .
 It is the worst product I ever bought from Amazon . Till now I have bought so many products but this one is so cheap quality . Definitely not worth the price . I definitely do n't recommend to anyone . The button to open and close is so stiff that even after putting some lubricant I was not able to move it front and back . You can get better product from ebay .
 Item did not work immediately after opening package . Jammed repeatedly.Wasn ' t worth repacking and sending back so I threw it away.Great idea but poor execution .
 I bought this product because of the good reviews . Well , I got mine and hate it . It is a good idea , but is poorly made and does n't work well . Sometimes it does n't work at all . I would pay a few extra bucks and get a more quality product .
 The only positive feature about this stapler is its slim profile . Other than that , it 's pure junk . It only staples about half the time . The part that pushes the staples down does not match up well at all with the staples . After only about 10 uses the flimsy metal parts inside are starting to bend , so I 'm sure it wo n't last long . You have to push down very hard to get the staples to penetrate even 3 pieces of paper , let alone the 12 claimed by the manufacturer , so it feels like it will quite literally fall to pieces in your hand at any given use . Yet another waste of time and money .
 Used it couple of times to staple not more than 2 papers then it fell apart . See picture titeled went apart .
 Do n't let the fact that this is a Swingline fool you . While the design has potential , this stapler is not-user friendly . The button that you must slide to get it in position moves VERY hard . Maybe a strong hand could do it , but should a mini-stapler really require athletic muscular strength ? I do love the carabiner clip so it does n't get lost in my briefcase . But it would have been a better use of my money to go buy 5 or 6 dollar-store staplers and then just throw them away .
 These are very nice binders , a quality product . Unfortunately , they are sold and labled as a 2 '' binder , however they are much bigger . A quick look with a ruler and you will see these are actually 3 '' binder . A fantastic deal if you want a giant 3 '' binder , but a waste of time if 2 '' is all you wanted .
 After waiting for years to find a Mac compatible digital notepad that could capture text and graphics from classes , seminars , lectures , I was excited to purchase the Adesso CyberPad recently . However after failing to locate any of the provided software that would translate the . TOP files on a Mac , I wrote to the Adesso Help Line and was informed that this product only functions as a tablet for Macintosh monitors and does not have the text/graphics capture features I expected . Needless to say it has been returned . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 This product does work , but I would not recommend it unnless you are very tech savy or have someone who can help set it up . It does not work well with Vista , but then what does , so be prepared to work at getting your notes so that you can read on your screen.I am sure there is better elsewhereCliff
 I ordered the shredder pictured however the company callled and said thaye did not have that model and would like to sub one of better performance and quality . I agreeded but am not happy with the sub because it does not handle 14-16 pages but would only handle 9 pages , it does not have auto start , it did not have an internal trash unit . I was told that a trash unit had been shipped separately but I never received it . The only good point was the micro shred . I also would like for my true purchase to be on my invoice for accounting purposes and it is not . If my company asked me where this shredder I put in as an expense I would have the totally wrong description . I can not review an item I did not receive . The vendor was Ace Depot and I went in to buy another and they continue to be a vendor for that item when they do not have it.the product I received was GBC Glhs9 -LSB- ... -RSB- , which cost less than I was charged .
 I bougth this print pack assuming that it will work on my ex50 . It 's out of stock last year and this was the one put on the site instead . I still had this opened package which I found out would not work on my printer . I wish amazon would make it clearer to buyers so that we can order the right print pack and dont get confused . I 'm really dissatisfied with this purchase.JJB
 This was the wrong item for my machine . I did receive a full refund . This item was linked to my product in error on the Amazon website .
 Let me be perfectly clear
 When a search is done on Amazon for the Sony DPP-ex50 , this paper comes up as the product for this printer , IT IS NOT CORRECT . If you purchase this , you will be out almost 50 bucks for paper that is NOT FOR THE SONY DPP-ex50 . If you open or not return right away , you get nothing . THIS IS THE LAST TIME I ORDER FROM THIS VENDOR . MISLEADING MISLEADING MISLEADING .
 Review said it was for a certain printer model but it was n't . It was supposed to work with an obsolete Sony picture printer .
 I was shipped one pound , not 11 as stated below , PLUS , these sticks are 5/8 '' and are too big for my 3M Gun ! Size is NOT stated in product description ... I will have to send them back , . .
 Bought 2 of these BRAND NEW and they are complete junk . Wo n't disconnect when phone is hooked up directly to the machine . sound quality is a 1 . instructions are incomplete though I was able to figure it out . Save your money and buy and qualtiy used one .
 I expected a little more commercial type shredder . Not very powerful and the blades appear dull . Certainly did n't get my monies worth .
 I was upset when I got this poster set and saw that the two Garfield posters are not in it . You get an elementary poster about following directions and a poster about opening a door for students . It is false advertising and upsetting . They sent me two different orders and they were both the same posters . They need to change their picture to accurately show what you are getting .
 The labels say they are neon red , but they are not red at all -LRB- neon or otherwise -RRB- . They are more of a salmon/orange color .
 The description says `` Neon Red '' but they are more like bright orange . I wish Avery sold normal red 0.5 inch labels .
 I ordered these RED dots thinking they would actually be red but they are more orange than red.False advertising !
 The tagging gun broke on the first tag . i tried to contact the seller , but message was never returned . Very unhappy with this seller and merchandise .
 I wanted extra fine - meaning 0.38 mm . Instead , these were 0.5 . I wish someone would have clarified in the product description .
 The phone has some great features , I just wish that it worked properly . The main base charger stopped charging after a few weeks . Nothing I did could help it . I exchanged it for another thinking this was a freak problem . After a few weeks the same thing happened to the new phone . Now I 'm temporarily swapping the batteries between handsets every couple of days just to keep the main phone charged . I just looked at some reviews online at epinions.com and all 3 reviews had the same problem . I just wish I saw them before now .
 I purchased this product about 6 months ago . Within the first week the first handset stopped working . Got a new battery for it , it still did n't work . I continued to use the remaining phone and the two chargers . Just this week the remaining handset stopped working in the same way . They just behave as though the battery is dead . -LRB- Nothing on the LCD , etc -RRB- Even if they are sitting on the charger.Basically , I am forced to buy new phones already . While they were working , I received almost no interference from all the wireless devices in my home/neighborhood . The range was great , and I frequently used the speaker phone and no one could tell I was on speaker.All in all if the lifespan had been longer than 6 months ... this would be a much different review .
 The problem with this unit is that we wanted to use a headset/earpiece with the phone , using the 2.5 mm jack . The volume was too low to be useable , couldnt adjust it . We had to return it . If you dont need that feature , it worked fine .
 Like others , wish I read the reviews BEFORE buying ! Base phone quit working in less than 6 months , replaced battery , no good ... then exchanged it , worked fine for a little while , then quit ... again . Now , without a base phone AGAIN ! Also , can only listen to messages while at base -LRB- not accessable through phones -RRB- ... very annoying . Do not think I will purchase Vtech POOR QUALITY phones again ... and the price was n't that good either .
 I too purchased this product in hopes of using the handle . First time I pulled on the handle it popped off . My lid corners have also popped loose so the corner flaps now hang out in the open . I am very disappointed with this product . I too was surprised by the lid being attached in the back but again not a major issue just would have liked to know beforehand . Do not buy this box if you want to be able to touch it without is falling apart ...
 The cabinet arrived and both side panels are warped . If the way it was held together was sturdier , you might be able to pull the wood back from the warping , but the flimsy camlock mechanisms they chose wo n't do the trick and the thing wo n't even stand on it 's own . I 'll be contacting them for a refund . We 'll see how that goes .
 The pen failed to work after I had laid it on a table for two days . the ink had seeped to the bottom of the supply tube .
 I have used this pen and i do n't like it . It smear and it have to much ink coming out from the tip .
 I bought this pen because I am so sick and tired of pens not working when I take notes for class . It will write completely fine , but then will just not write sometimes . I am left handed and I noticed that I have to pick pens more carefully because of the angle I write with . Also I write small so this may be a factor . I originally was going to buy the Zebra F-301 -LRB- which I have no problems with -RRB- , but decided to give these pens a try .
 Was my batch dry or defective , or do they all write like a 2H lead pencil ? In my box , all make a light gray line . Unacceptable .
 Recieved the product in a remarkble time , but when I tried to load the software onto my PDA the software would never read onto the PDA . Tired to load on three different PDA 's had the same problem for each . SO nice shipping time but busted scanner . -LRB- waste of money -RRB-
 We have used this product and this size for 30 + years . Have been generally pleased until about three years ago . They went from perforation to creasing their pages , making it almost impossible to remove the sheets . Sore finger tips and using pliers to remove the wire spiral are common . We are looking for another supplier .
 Hard size to find , so it 's nice that Amazon has these , but the same product retails for about $ 2.45 through other sellers here AND at other online retailers . So look around and do n't get ripped off . For example , see same product sold here by `` Restockit '' .
 Recieved this laser pointer yesterday , new batteries , it only works `` some of the time '' . During a one-hour lecture I was dismayed to have to repeatedly push the button to make it work . And sometimes when the red dot appeared it would fade to a small faint dot or the dot would stray off-axis like something was loose inside . Sometimes it just would n't turn on . VERY FRUSTRATING ! Replaced the AAA batteries , same problem . Design problems or poor quality control , do n't care which , this laser pointer is useless . Made in China .
 Bought this from a local office supply store . I chose it because it runs on standard AAA batteries -LRB- I was tired of the special batteries my old laser pointer needed -RRB- . Nice brass body gave it a comfortable weight , and the green rubberized cover was nice . The black cowling over the laser prevented audience members from being distracted by dispersion or glare from the emitting end . However , after 6 months of usage , the light faded , and replacing the batteries did not work . The proper direction for the batteries was not marked on the unit . Tried both ways , neither worked . Sorry it failed since the physical design of the unit is nice .
 I ordered a set of these for my computer lab and within one week the material on the sides was crumbling and creating a mess all over the counters . At first I thought I overlooked a student who may have been tampering with them , but then I tested some myself and just from the basic everyday use of the mouse , the foam crumbles and falls apart . This was a complete waste of money and now I need to figure out a way to replace them all .
 This neoprene pad has an awful smell . When you use your mouse on it , the smell transfers to your hands . I find myself washing my hands every hour or so to keep my eyes from burning.I would not buy this again , and I recommend you not buy it either .
 It is quite decent and soft . The size is great too -LRB- Almost 10 `` X 8 '' -RRB- but the smell is sooooo strong -LRB- Chemical smell that I can not tolerate -RRB- . For the time being , I 'm keeping it by the window for another week , although I doubt the smell will just go away .
 I found the smell horrible . It made my whole studio smell . I heavily sprayed it with Lysol . Then I tried Fabreeze . I washed it with soap and water . And still after over a week , it still smelled awful . Because the postage to ship it back would be almost as much as it cost me to buy , I just ended up throwing it out .
 The product description for this mouse pad states that it is 1/8 '' in thick . After spending to time to find a nice plain black mouse pad for the right price , I was disappointed with it . On the plus side it does n't slide on the desk and the fabric top is comfortable . However , it 's reminiscent of the 90 's . If you 're looking for a lower profile pay a few extra bucks and get another one .
 This thing may be handy for large cables like power cables to your PC , but it certainly is n't intended for something like a mouse cable . The thing is larger than most mice . Use this if you need to wind up something like a power cable , but find something else to manage your mouse or telephone cable .
 Bad phone . Bad bad bad . I tried to live with it , could n't , bought a Panasonic . Half the time , with this phone , it was extremely difficult to hear the other party , even after achieving the perfect ear-phone seal necessary to even attempt to hear anyone with this phone . So even after you figure out the precise , ususally awkward angle at which you have some chance of hearing , it 's a crapshoot whether you will be able to or not . And what `` features '' it has , aside from the caller ID , are silly -- interchangeable faceplates ? Please . Oh yes , and attempting to scroll the caller ID display while the phone is ringing -- answers the phone . Stupid stupid stupid .
 Bad phone ! Terrible phone ! Awful , awful phone ! Has `` volume '' button and instructions in manual concerning adjusting volume , but adjustment actually only goes from inaudible to barely audible -LRB- except for the piercing shrieks caused by hitting button -RRB- . You will be frustrated at every turn , making critical bank errors , insulting relatives in-law , hanging up on tax auditors , and finally calling it quits and buying a new phone after destroying this one angrily . Do not waste your time or money . Learn from our sad experience . This is a truly useless phone .
 I usually keep a bunch of books handy on my desk . Instead of stacking them on top of each other -LRB- which makes accessing the ones in the bottom difficult -RRB- , I was looking for a book tray . -LRB- Book holders wo n't work ! -RRB- I found this product and in spite of its high price , I ordered it . It holds the books , but it is made of very low quality material . The picture shown is misleading . It might scratch your desk if you are not careful ! I am returning the item .
 If you are looking for a small camera this is not for you . We purchased several for my daughters 10th birthday party . The girls all loved the idea of having a camera and we used them in a fun game . They were able to get 18 viewable pictures . The packaging says that you can get 200 , but when we adjusted the quality to get more pictures most were so blurry they were unviewable and several came out as just colored static . Many of the cameras -LRB- we bought 10 -RRB- did not center properly so the girls were getting just the top of someones head and inside unless the light was really bright the pictures were not clear . The camera was also much smaller than I had expected . I guess I should have looked more closely at the specs . It is about 1 x 2 inches.However all of that said , the girls had a good time and the cameras are pretty cheap for a toy . It did come with the necessary cable and software , so no additional purchases were necessary . And at the 18 picture level -LRB- factory setting -RRB- the pictures were not horrible for a kids camera . The girls loved that they come in silver , green , or blueDo not use this camera to take family pictures or anything that you really care about , but a kid would surely enjoy taking this camera to the park , a school field trip , or out to play with friends .
 Legs should be screwed in to assemble this stand - a little more force and leg joint is broken -LRB- really cheap welding -RRB- . Handle with care ! : -RRB- I 've just glued mine , bother not to return etc.Works as a stand so , nice `` Corner '' design .
 The stand does what I bought it for but both front legs are angled slightly inward . It stand and holds the monitor in the corner but the manufacturer and quality control is poor when you can ; t make a leg straight . With this quality if should be much cheaper .
 Like another reviewer , one of the welded joints broke off when I was assembling the product . If the force of hand-screwing the leg into the joint is enough to break this thing , I ca n't imagine it safely supporting a computer monitor.Also - since this product is so large and heavy , it is more expensive to mail it back than to just accept the loss and move on . I 'm so unhappy with this transaction , I do n't think I 'll ever buy something like this online again , unless the seller offers free return shipping .
 If you are looking for a small camera this is not for you . We purchased several for my daughters 10th birthday party . The girls all loved the idea of having a camera and we used them in a fun game . They were able to get 18 viewable pictures . The packaging says that you can get 200 , but when we adjusted the quality to get more pictures most were so blurry they were unviewable and several came out as just colored static . Many of the cameras -LRB- we bought 10 -RRB- did not center properly so the girls were getting just the top of someones head and inside unless the light was really bright the pictures were not clear . The camera was also much smaller than I had expected . I guess I should have looked more closely at the specs . It is about 1 x 2 inches.However all of that said , the girls had a good time and the cameras are pretty cheap for a toy . It did come with the necessary cable and software , so no additional purchases were necessary . And at the 18 picture level -LRB- factory setting -RRB- the pictures were not horrible for a kids camera . The girls loved that they come in silver , green , or blueDo not use this camera to take family pictures or anything that you really care about , but a kid would surely enjoy taking this camera to the park , a school field trip , or out to play with friends .
 I just picked up this camera at a closeout sale for under five bucks -LRB- my threshold for indulging pure curiosity -RRB- . The good news is that the tiny thing actually takes pictures ... and with a little tweaking , they look almost okay-ish . The bad news is that shooting pictures indoors looks pretty bad ... any movement while taking pictures will cause blurring ... the battery goes quickly -LRB- you should not keep the battery in the camera when not using it ; but you must also download pictures before removing the battery -RRB- ... the viewfinder is a joke ... and the instructions are sort of baffling -LRB- theoretically this can take 200 pictures with the internal memory , but I seem to be stuck in the 20 picture `` high quality '' mode . -RRB- But all that being said , I like the little thing . A good camera for kids to play with on a sunny day -LRB- or at a location that might endanger a `` good '' camera - like a beach or park -RRB- . If I 'm able , I 'll post a picture or two to show what the camera can do . Bottom line
 First they are not clear but have a purple tint . Second they tend to have a static charge which attracts dust . What were they thinking when they made these /
 I bought these so that my fourth grade class would not incur extra expenses in preparing their `` CA Mission '' reports -LRB- I teach in a poor area -RRB- . While these serve the purpose , they are a pale lavender , not clear . I was disappointed .
 The report covers do not begin to hold the commonly accepted industry standard of 30 pages . While no page limit was claimed in the product description , 30 pages is not an unreasonable expectation . I could only fit 22 pages and that was even forcing them . There is no reason for this to happen . On top of that , the shipping box was approx . 7 times too big for the product . A complete waste of resources as well as the wasted cubic volume by shipping companies - double waste .
 The most important feature of a phone is audio , and this phone falls on it 's face on that one . My first comment when I made a call was that this was the worst sounding phone I 'd ever picked up . It 's got a tiny little speaker , and although the audio is crystal clear , the tonal quality is very poor in my opinion.The phone has got `` Voice Enhancer . '' I 've never had a phone that needed voice enhancement . The engineers knew this phone needed it . Only if they were competant enough to design in decent audio , they would have done that in the first place . They screwed up the audio and turned it over to marketing . The marketing people put in that button , and trust me , it 's purely placebo and marketing fluff .
 We bought the three handset system and the speakers started failing after about eight months and now the microphones are starting to fail.It would have been nice if the handset buttons lit up but I 'd be happy if I could buy a cordless phone that lasts more than a few days past the warrantee period .
 I think the main phone that is attached to the phone jack is the only one that works correctly . When using 2nd or 3rd phone people always say I CAN `` T HEAR YOU , SPEAK UP , so I have to just about yell so they can hear me and always end up going to the main phone to carry on a converation.Everything else about the phone is good , however I am thinking about taking this $ 130 phone back ...
 I purchased this set in October 2006 and by February of 2007 one of the handsets microphone stopped working and then the speaker went . I previously owned the Uniden two handset 2.4 and only upgraded because of moving into a larger home . Then I went to the V-Tech triple handset 5.4 , this handset worked well for over a year , it took a licking before one of the handsets stopped working.I DO NOT suggest you purchase this phone.NOTICE
 I am very disappointed with this telephone system . The answering machine does not notify you of a message by any sound -- only a light flashes when you have a message . I bought the wrong one -- I expected it to announce vocally who is calling . Even if you answer a call , it counts it as a missed the call . To clear that from all three phones , you have to run around the house and clear each handset one at a time .
 Expected more from Panasonic ? The message indicator light works randomly - replaced system once ; appears that the phone has to hear the dial tone to understand the message has been retrieved -LRB- each individual hand set -RRB- ; Sound quality is poor on handset - often told people ca n't hear me and volume is at max.Ergonomics of it - love it ; Do note that there is no information screen on the base unit - you ca n't see caller ID nor the number you are dialing - there jsut isnt ' a screen - room for one ? but they did n't put it in ?
 Worked ok at first ... The range was disappointing but they worked ok until the caller ID quit working just after the warantee expired . Today the base system died so now I am stuck with three worthless handsets and searching for a new phone system . It certainly wo n't be another Panasonic as this has been the worst phone system I have owned . For the price , it should last longer than a year and a half .
 I bought the 3 phone system , thinking it would be convenient to have a handset in the most used zones in our house . The theory worked , but the phones/phone system fell far short.First of all , the volume of our voices was faint for the people we were speaking to on the other end of the conversation.More than a few times , too , the phones would drop calls like a cell phone in a low coverage area.Although the phones use tone dialing , each number pushed when dialing would result in a series of clicks , like old fashioned wireless phones . I do n't know if this is a function of our phone line or the telephone , but it took a while for the calls to connect.Finally , after several days of a home phone outage , the SBC/ATT repair person visited and diagnosed that the Panasonic phone was sending out an `` off the hook '' signal ... resulting in all incoming calls going directly to voicemail and the phone never ringing . He was precise in diagnosing the problem as originating with the Panasonic system.I will send it in for repair , as it is in the final weeks of warranty . However , I still need to go out and buy a new phone system to replace this one.For me , at least , this Panasonic phone system is $ 200 + flushed away .
 We purchased this phone set several months ago , and out of the box the sound quality and features were perfect . However , slowly over the course of 2 months the signal began to degrade and the ability to speak and listen clearly through all of the handsets degraded to an almost inaudible level.We tried to analyze this signal problem against the bandwidths of any other cordless devices in the house , but could n't find another culprit.We have a great 900Mhz Panasonic that will probably never die , but from my persepctive and other frustrated owners that I know , the new generation seems less robust and prone to technical issues .
 Horrible phone ! If these other reviews were written soon after purchase , I would believe them , but I wonder how these phones are functioning after 6 months.We had huge problems with our old phone . Based on Panasonic 's reputation and after much research & reading Amazon reviews , we purchased this phone in August 2006 . As I hoped , it worked wonderfully - at first.Now the volume in all the handsets fluctuates so low you can barely hear that anyone is even on the other end . Filed a request for help through Panasonic website and after nearly 2 weeks got an automated e-mail response with suggestions . Followed all those suggestions , but phone still did n't work . When I called and finally got through to a customer service person , they were n't helpful and said I need to ship the phone to Texas and then wait 10-14 days for a `` reconditioned model '' . My inlaws also bought this phone in December and the talk button on the main handset of their phone is already not working . Could this just be a coincidence ? Very disappointed in this product and Panasonic customer service !
 I have n't had time to appreciate fully all the features others are raving about , because I 've been so amazed to discover that there is no visible message alert if you 're using your phone company 's voice mail . You have to pick up the phones to hear the stutter tone in order to know someone 's called . The visible light alert works only if you 're using the internal recording machine .
 I have had this phone for over six months and I agree with much positive that has been said . The sound that I hear when others speak if very strong , but over time I have had to change phones -LRB- to a non-cordless -RRB- countless times when people have said they could not hear me or that I should `` speak up . '' When I do change phones , the response is that it is `` much better ! '' I know that cordless and corded have different technologies , but one should not need to shout into a phone , ever . There are several settings on this Panasonic that make what I hear crisp , boosted , `` improved , '' but nothing to help others hear me -LRB- I speak to groups every day for my work and my voice is good -RRB- . I am actually in the market for a replacement set of phones -- and would greatly appreciate someone telling me of any cordless , Panasonic or other , that transmits a voice loud and clear .
 this is the second set of cordless panasonic phones i 've purchased in a year . The handset ringers in all handsets stopped working within two weeks.Other than that the phones are great . These are used in a shop enviroment and it was suggested to me that perhaps the speakers panasonic uses are sensative to dust or magnetic fields -LRB- there are welders present -RRB- . Whatever the case the older panasonic phones did n't have this problem , I had a set I bought in 1999 that had no failures other than a battery in four years .
 If you use this phone more then 50-100ft , you may experience what I did , digital dropouts , and eventual termination of the call . Sort range was okay .
 I have owned the 3 previous models from Panasonic . No complaints , so i bought this one.big mistake . handsets are tiny and black - hard to see . the biggest problem is range.they have none . ca n't go around the corner into another room or outside onto the deck.these phones are useless . so much for progress in their engineering dept.next time uniden or ATT .
 Have owned this unit for over a year . It does have great features ... but recently after a 15 minute call I lose the volume from the caller and have to resort to a corded phone to continue the call . I have changed all the batteries to no avail . I too am looking for a quality replacement , if someone can suggest one .
 I bought the KX-TG5633B phone based on the almost universal rave reviews , but for me , this phone was a HUGE LOSER!I do n't know if it is because we use VoIP -LRB- ATT CallVantage -RRB- or what , but I have sunk many hours trying to get this phone -LRB- and answering machine -RRB- to work . One big problem -LRB- which I still have after multiple calls to the useless Panasonic support folks -RRB- is after hard-line callers leave messages , the system does not hang up -- resulting in the `` phone off hook '' warning / `` siren . `` Give the near universal rave reviews , I figured , `` Ok -- I got the one bad phone . '' -- WRONG -- I sent it back , got another one and have spent hours trying to get it to work . VERY FRUSTRATING!If you buy it , I hope you have better luck than I did.OBTW -- Spending 1/2 hr on hold to get a hold of incompetent tech support at Panasonic did not help my disposition . When they sent me running round loops , multiple times , that did n't help either.OBTW2 -- I have sent emails to their tech support that never have been answered . ARRRGGG !!! I 'm sending this one back _ again_In all sincerity , I do love Amazon and their return policy !
 Initially I was very happy with my phones . BUT a year later one handset would not ring , a year and a half later another handset will not display , leaving me with only one handset . I notice from other reviews this is a problem with this phone . Also I thought it was just me not talking loud enough but frequently people would say I ca n't hear you . Would NOT recommend this product .
 This system screwed up my whole phone system because when anyone called in they got a busy signal and my phones would n't ring other then that they worked fine but if no one could call in they were n't much good another waste of money .
 1 . I wish I 'd chosen a phone that answers the call automatically when you pick up the receiver out of the base , rather than having to push a button to answer the call .2 . This is the worst sounding phone I 'd ever picked up . It 's got a tiny little speaker , the sound quality is very poor in my opinion .3 . The answering machine does not notify you of a message by any sound -- only a light flashes when you have a message .4 . Even if you answer a call , it counts it as a missed the call . To clear that from all three phones , you have to run around the house and clear each handset one at a time .5 . Each handset need to be programed seperatly . What a waste of time .
 This product was advertised as one that would show when you had a voice mail -LRB- not a message on its own answer machine -RRB- . On the product description it clearly stated that you had to have the phone service for this -LRB- which I do -RRB- and it would show on each phone that a message was waiting . I even contaced Panasonic and all I ever got from them was that the phone did not show a voice mail message . They were missing the point , I found out that it did not show a voice mail , but they advertised that it did . They would never admit that their description was in error . I do n't like to deal with companies that will not admit that they made an error . I would not recommend Panasonic products for that reason . I would say if you ever had a problem with the product they probably would n't admit it was a product fault . Thanks .
 I have always been satisfied with Panasonic phones
 I purchased the 3 phones several months ago . I loved them . Then one day my sister-in-law dropped one of the phones and all of a sudden it did n't work . I tried replacing the battery , nothing looked broke it just would n't work . So have 2 working phones and they are almost 6 months old and almost everyday they stop working for some odd reason . I have to go and unplug the main phone with the answering machine in for a few minutes before the phones will work again . I give this one star because the phones are not holding up at all they cost over $ 100 when I originally bought them . Junk !
 I got this phone to replace an old AT&T model , and chose it because the range is supposed to be great . The range may be great , but there 's no good volume control , and people could barely hear me , and vice versa ! The sound enhancement sounded strange and did n't help . I 've since bought a Motorola , which , aside from its sleek looks , works great , and has great volume features
 This phone was so bad it was not useable . Returned it . You would have to carry the base unit around with you on an extension cord to call this a cordless phone .
 New phone received today has voice quality that is so poor that recorded messages can not be understood . Messages sound as though somebody is in the basement playing the messages on an old tape recorder that is n't working properly . My $ 25.00 cordless phone/answering machine works much better than this thing.This site also says this product comes with a belt clip . There was no belt clip in the box . I wanted a belt clip because I am stuck at home with a fractured arm and leg . I ca n't drive to the post office and am stuck with a phone that does n't work . Maybe I got the bad one in the batch but I sure wo n't buy a Panasonic phone again !
 These phones have been terrible . We made the mistake of throwing out our old phones when I got these . They simply do n't ring half the time so we miss calls . The Panasonic technical support was not helpful at resolving the problem , and I procrastinated beyond 30 days to return them to Amazon . Now I need to go out and buy new phones to use while I send these back to Panasonic to receive `` refurbished '' replacements .
 We have had this less than a year and it does not work . You can not dial out or answer . It is a bust .
 I am a long-time Amazon customer and recently began searching for leathermouse pads as gifts for my employees and our clients . Found this item andjust want to share a note of caution with you : Bonded Leather , or `` Reconstituted Leather '' is not really a true leatherbut a man-made material composed of 60 % to 90 % leather fibers -LRB- often scrapfrom leather tanneries -RRB- . Bonded leather is not as durable as genuineleathers , and is recommended for use only if the product will be usedinfrequently . -LRB- data from WIKIPEDIA online -RRB- There are many true genuine leather mouse pads from other vendors and atbetter prices ! Amazon may also have some , keep searching , but rememberonly the words `` GENUINE LEATHER '' or equal terminology should appear inthe description .
 I 'm a flight nurse . We have some old aluminum clipboards that are getting pretty beat up , but are at least 15 years old . This thing would n't last a week on transport . Cheap thin metal , loose hinges . Return .
 I 'm in construction and just ordered this clipboard . The design is great but I 'll only give it 2 stars due to the lack of material strength . It seems like I could rip it apart easily with my bare hands . Very light and flimsey . It 's gon na dent and brake easily . I 'd return it if I did n't have to pay the shipping costs . Try another brand if you want something durable .
 the clipboard is flimsy , i do n't think it was n't worth it , you can get better quality for the less , or same price at the local office supply store
 I bought this for my husband to use at work . It arrived quickly , but showed up with the door hinge broken and difficult to close . Overall it seemed very flimsy and poor quality . I was expecting something solid and this was not it . Returned it right away .
 quality is lacking . They built better stuff 15 years ago . The metal feels flimsy . I should have bought in a store that I could see and hold .
 I need a heavy duty old school Clip board , after looking this thing over for 2 minutes I knew it was too flimsy for my needs . I would not recommend it .
 Ordered the 8.5 X 14 inch dual tray storage clipboard and was sent an 8.5 x 16 inch version TWICE now . You can imagine how frustrating it is to have given the wrong item as a gift once only to turn around and be sent THE VERY SAME WRONG ITEM A SECOND TIME ! Hell Amazon does n't even offer the 8.5 X 16 on the website , so someone in the packing house does n't know how to read a measuring tape .
 This product is so flexiable that it bends when you hold it , the metal is paper thin . The hinges can barely hold and I got it today ! , and to top it off my product came with a nice dent in the side.Do not buy this product , save urself the hassel of returning it especially if your in a career that requires durability .
 I used this shredder a very few times and it quit . The red light came on , nothing I did made it operational . Very disappointed . Then I had to lug the monster to be shipped back .
 1 . Amazon advertised price was lower than what I was charged .2 . Amazon said it qualified for free shipping . NOT ! 3 . Amazon stated if I ordered another product within 90 minutes orders would be combined saving shipping charges . That did n't happen either .4 . Product is not as powerful as claimed . Barely shreds 5 sheets .5 . Safe Sense bar is more annoying than useful .
 The machine shreds well when it works . More often a red light comes on telling you it wo n't shred . It is sensitive to movement , touch , any contact . The top is heavy often difficult to fit into the container . If the fit is not exact the red light is lit and it does n't work . Most often the red light is on and I have to battle for a precise fit of the shredder onto the basket . If the basket breaks , chip , cracks the machine wo n't work . If you like frustration this is the machine to buy . I have had it less than a year and I am about to junk it and buy something that hopefully works well .
 After two years of a three year cutter warranty the unit and minimal use . It worked except for the left side in approx 25 % of the cutter . Contacting customer service the individual stated let me hear the the shredder ... after placing the phone to the cutter and starting it she stated it is the ball bearing and the cutter is not covered by the warranty , in other words too bad , so sad.For the money spent on this unit and the minimal amount of use it had , by far the worst . Better items out there for the expense and headache .
 I did so much research on shredders prior to chosing this one . Well , so much for that idea . I ended up returning it the VERY SAME DAY I received it . This shredder jammed so many times that I decided no matter what ... . I was not keeping it . I never even put more than 8 sheets of paper into it . So disappointed , that I went through all this hassle for this item , and repacking and shipping it back was no fun . I ended up spending more money and ordered the Fellowes Intellishred PS-79ci shredder and I am soooooooo glad I did it . NOT ONE TIME has it jammed . It is also more pleasing to the eye , easier to empty the trash can and I love that it has wheels . I would recommend anyone to look into the upgrade proir to ordering this particular shredder -LRB- unless you have extra time in the day to deal with constant paper jams -RRB- . I comment Amazon for such fast shipping . On both items , it only took 3 days for free shipping .
 This item requires a lot of `` jostling '' of the shredder head in order to align the shredder to the sensor in the basket or else it will not work . It is very frustrating , to put it mildly . Once you get it in the right position it shreds well , but if you move it even a little bit while it is shredding , it loses the contact and stops . I do n't recommend it at all -- there are much better shredders out there to buy .
 I looked at some shredders at Office Depot , and went through 15-20 reviews on Amazon , and a few more on other sites . By the time I got to this one , I was n't paying enough attention . I saw the high ratings and the words `` confetti '' shredder.So , it 's my fault for not paying enough attention to the specs . But it 's also Fellowes ' fault for claiming that the output can be called confetti . Two inch strips are not confetti . The shredder seems to be ok as a strip shredder , from the small usage I 've given it . As some others have noticed , that shredder head is heavy , and you need to take it off the capture bin to empty the bin.Time to find out how to return this to Amazon .
 I have owned mine for a couple of years , and it 's never worked right . The `` Safe Sense '' technology has always detected jams when there are n't any . I have always had to fiddle with it to get the green light on for shredding . The switch to disable `` Safe Sense '' is not functional . For the past two months , nothing I seem to do can get the green light . While I invested in a better shredder for my office within months of purchasing this one , I 've kept this one at my desk as a personal shredder . It 's now going to get thrown away . I guess I got a lemon .
 This model is a very poor performer -- advertized as 8 sheets but frequently got STUCK on 5 sheets ! Am returning this piece of CRAP !
 I purchased this item as a gift for my husband . Just for normal household use . After 7 monthes we need to cool it off after several sheets . I am very disappointed with this shredder and would not recommend it at all . It even smells like the motor is burning .
 I ordered the product on 08/11 , after a couple of calls to `` customer service '' and several unanswered emails I received the product 09/10 . It was bent . I am returning product ASAP ! I doubt I 'll order there again ... worst customer service I have receiced in a while .
 The device works , but the brass finish was poorly done with light spots showing through .
 I bought 4 on amazon and three installed with ease . However , the base easily came off of the welded screw on the 4rth one before the install , so I could not use the last one . They are beautiful and quite stunning as well as practical . I went to Lowe 's and they sell the same exact brass magnetic doorstop -LRB- $ 5.69 -RRB- but with a different type of internal post/screw/base that is much better engineered , where the weld will not come apart . I now prefer to buy these locally in the event they break and I can quickly return . I need 5 more .
 This phone is a complete disappointment . If I do n't maintain a line of sight with the base I start getting static . Close the door of the room where the base is , more static . Go around the corner into another room , I might as well be talking from Antarctica . The channel switching is totally useless . What 's the point of it being cordless if I have to be within a few feet to get decent reception ? I 'm returning this thing as soon as possible .
 Based on Uniden 's reputation and excellent performance of a 900mhz Uniden in my house , I bought 2 of these to replace -LRB- cheap -RRB- 2.4 ghz GE phones for use in a large barn . The cheap phones would cover the entire interior of the barn , with some capability outside . The Unidens , mounted on the same RJ-11 sockets , will not even work for the length of the barn . I plan to write to Uniden and express my discontent .
 I ordered this product in 2011 and was pleased with the quality , but when I ordered the same product in February of 2012 , the product received is not the same . It is much less rigid . I do n't have a way to measure weight , but if the product purchased in 2011 was 26 point , the current product is probably 18-20 . Also , the mailers are side-loading , whereas the product received in 2012 was top-loading .
 These mailers are very thin and are n't going to keep sensitive material from being bent , or perhaps even folded . If you 're mailing letters , then they 'll work fine . If you 're sending something collectible that needs to stay flat throughout the postal process , you 'll be cutting a few up to use as inserts for the one you actually use to mail them . Keep that in mind when evaluating the price per mailer .
 I replaced what I thought was this P-665 , but what I got was a lighter-weight , thinner and less adhesive version of the tape I had previously . Im a photographer , and use -LRB- this -RRB- gaffer 's tape for everything . If you want the traditional , heavy , sticky ` gaffers tape ' this ai n't it . I did my research and would have paid more , but alas not worth returning for the $ . I 'll use it but will likely buy locally next time . Or match the specs for this tape , then order the thicker , more sticky version .
 This tape is thinner than professional gaffer 's tape , does not tear as well , and leaves residue . In particular , it does not react well with water .
 We wanted to upgrade our 90 's cordless phone and went with this Uniden TRU9280-2 5.8 GHz FHSS System . I can not tell you how terrible the range is and we have tried three different locations . Maybe 30 feet.And the instruction manual is worthless . Interstingly , they are very vague about range and never tell you how far it should be . And they have a million excuses as to what could be affecting it.So , we can not even use it in half our house . And the old phone worked fine range wise . Save your money and look elsewhere .
 This product is what I expected , because I was n't expecting much . It is hard to use , hard to punch through an ID badge that is the thickness of a normal credit card . Also , the machine pressed metal parts , including the metal of the main punch , are ragged and not finished well . Punching cards will sharpen the punch metal , but I was n't expecting a metal item to leave a factory looking this ragged .
 This product looked good , came in a timely manner and worked for 2 days I did not read the fine print and the window closed before I had a chance to return it.Did not like the device now I 'm stuck with a piece a junk . thanks for nothing .
 I am satisfied with the product . It was in good condition and all but the thing that I dont like is that the picture is never what the product is . The picture shows a calculator with the programming cable and it does not come with it . Why show a picture of something and then not include it . False advertising .
 Bought a Texas Instruments TI-86 Graphing Calculator from them . Not even one month it went dead and nothing showed up on the screen . I sent an email but no reply . So I put my review . Immediately they emailed me and promised to send a replacement right the way . It had been two weeks passed and I did not receive anything . I emailed them but never got reply .
 This is a bad calculator !! It didnt come with the cover and usb connecter , and i think there is sth wrong with this calculator because it gave me wrong answer !!!!! I wasted my moneyyyyyyyyy
 Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math / scientific calculator . Apparently , TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI 's Website . However , the calculator is complicated to use , and you almost need a course to learn how to use it . Furthermore , the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you.At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out . But let me assure you they are definitely there , and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead .
 I purchased 2 , my 16 year old needed a TI-86 and my 13 year old told me she needed a TI-84 . I opted to purchase 2 TI-86 's , but they came with nothing , no booklet , no warrantee papers no cables , AC adapters . Then I put 4 rechargeable 1.25 v batteries in it and the screen was so light I could only read the screen in the dark . Then I put in 4 new Dura-cells 1.5 v batteries and the screen went so dark we ca n't read it at all . This means the only way we can read the screen is to use 2 - 1.5 v & 2 - 1.25 batteries.Now after going through all that with Nathan 's TI-86 , then we tried Ruth 's and found it reacted to battery voltage exactly the same way ; so tell me what happens at the end of the class period when the batteries voltage starts to drop ; will the screen just get lighter and lighter until they have to change one of the batteries ? If I would have known , I would have paid double the price.So were these , TI-86 's Chinese knock-offs ? I would like to get the windows cable , but until I get an A/C adapter that works , I do n't dare spend any more on it.Papa J is not a satisfied customer
 Old technology . Prices driven up during class times .
 This calculator was discontinued several years ago . An improved model the TI-89 Titanium replaced it , so if you need a TI-89 buy the Titanium . This seller 's price is much too high even when the calculator was new .
 I am fairly certain all the glowing reviews of this product are from employees or paid hacks . This thing is a piece of junk , I am curious how much TI pays college professors to force us to buy these difficult to read , poorly documented , over priced hunks of crap . The display is unreadable unless you have a huge light directly over the display even then it sucks , especially compared to the displays available in other small hand held devices , like my iTouch or cell phone . The quality of the documentation is so convoluted and cryptic that it is all but unusable . Do n't waste your money on this if you can get away with using a laptop and excel or other software .
 This calculator is fine for high scool but if you are planing on some higher education you are going to need the advanced functionality only present on HP calculators . If you purchase a TI for college you are going to regret when you reach calculus .
 It somehow misleads customers , the picture does n't fit with the calculator that the seller is selling . The seller is actually TI-89 Titanium.If you are looking for Ti-89 Advanced calculator , you wo n't get what you want .
 Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math / scientific calculator . Apparently , TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI 's Website . However , the calculator is complicated to use , and you almost need a course to learn how to use it . Furthermore , the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you.At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out . But let me assure you they are definitely there , and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead .
 I just bought a TI-89 on the advice of others in my college in advanced math . I was so excited and I really wanted to like it . I mean come on , it has programming , games and applications - like a calculator should . But as with another review here I have to give it 1 star based on horrible craftsmanship of the LCD . The second I turned it on I realized : - THE ENTIRE DISPLAY IS SKEWED SLIGHTLY DIAGONALLY TO THE LEFT . - THE LCD IS DIRECTLY EXPOSED , NO COVER . - LCD DOES NOT MAKE USE OF ENTIRE SCREEN AREA LEAVING 3-6MM ON ALL SIDES YES IT VARIES BECAUSE THE SCREEN IS TILTED DIAGONALLY A FEW DEGREES.Im sorry Texas Instruments , that is just unacceptable . I thought I had a defective product but now I realize all TI-89 's have the skewed display . All I can think about when I use it is how annoying the skewed display is . For a calculator I could stomach a skewed display but the flagship TI-89 ? TI is going to loose market share to HP if they do n't get their act together . Their calculators are already half the power of the HP 's best -LRB- which are nicely constructed -RRB- , if only the dident require this in college classes I wouldent use it .
 This calculator is where I went wrong . It was the worst thing that ever happened to me . My IQ dropped significantly from this damn thing . It does everyrthing for you and you turn into a calculator nerd and it washes your brain and takes over your mind . I flunked out of AP Calculus and High School -LRB- I was valedictorian going into my senior year -RRB- It took all my time . Just stay away from it !
 I bought this like 3-4 years ago and have hardly used it , and it worked great when I needed it , but just recently 1 day suddenly entire rows of pixels started dying on me -LRB- literally they started vanishing in front of me -RRB- . The bottom most row where u enter data is fine , but several rows above it have died . I contacted TI and those thugs ask for 81 bucks for repair or replacement with a reconditioned model . Heck I 'd much rather spend 81 bucks and buy some other companies product . Never going back again to TI 's garbage again unless I need it for some course of mine . If I can find some alternate I 'll definitely take that .
 I bought this used calculator for my daughter . The seller said it worked perfectly . It does n't . Some screens are unreadable . Unfortunately I had to teach out of town and when I came back and discovered the problem and wrote to the seller , I was informed that my 14 days were up and therefore had no right to a refund . That 's it . I would not buy from this seller again and do not advise anyone to do so . Misinformation should not have a time limit . That is dishonesty.This is the second time I have a problem with a merchandise sold through Amazon.Disappointed .
 When I started studying engineering in college I purchased a TI 89 because of the fancy reviews I read here , Afther taking my first calculus exam I changed my mind and changed it for an HP 49 , the HP 49 is definitely made for engineers . With the TI you only get answers for exams but wiht the HP you get all the steps and it is as easy to use as a TI .
 Believe me I love his calculator for all it cando . But unfortunetly it is not built well enough . The LCD screen on my calculator cracked spilling the blue fluid inside my calculator . Ironically , it fell while my case was ON .
 I am a college engineering student and I use an HP 48G . It can do a ton more than the TI 's , and once you get past the `` tricky '' command format , which so many people are threatened by , it is a lot more convenient than any calculator on the market . If you are serious about a calculator , and are n't just looking for one with cool games to play in your high school classes , get a calculator you can use after graduation . Go with an HP .
 Disappointed to find out that after about two months of use , the calculator 's lcd screen resolution is fading . this is not due to the batteries , as i have tried placing new batteries in the calculator . This is really frustrating because i have a calculus final within a week . I would not recommend buying from this seller .
 I use to own the original TI-83 and it was great . Recently it finally busted and I figured I 'll replace it with a TI-89 . So I buy the TI-89 and noticed 4 things :1 -RRB- Great features ! So many potantials .2 -RRB- Cheap plastic compared to some of the older models .3 -RRB- LCD directly exposed ; unlike the TI-83 -LRB- original -RRB- which had a transparent plastic shield over the display .4 -RRB- Display is skewed by roughly 1 degree clockwise ... which is VERY annoying.I am very disappointed at Texas Instrument 's poor quality control . For a product that costs so much , the last thing I expected was poor craftsmanship . Do n't get we wrong ; the features on the TI-89 are top notch ! I would give a 5 star rating for features alone . But a skewed display is just insulting for -LSB- an expensive -RSB- calculator.Sorry but Texas Instruments just lost a long-time customer.Buyer 's beware
 The only reason I have a TI 89 is that many of my students use some sort of TI calculator and I can see what they are talking about when they ask me a question about it . For my day to day work I use either my HP48 or 49 . There is a much greater availability of free programs for both the HP 48 and 49 than for most of TI 's calculators.Texas Instruments has always been more proprietarily oriented than HP . An example is the computer interface Graph Link cable . You have to pay twice as much it compared to the standard RS-232 cable that you can use for HP 48 and 48 calcs . Also you have to buy proprietary software to transfer files to their calulators , but Kermit is freely available for many platforms to use with the HP 48 and 49 . It also must be remembered that the TI only transfers lists that are translated by the calculator , which in my opinion is a definite drawback.The copy protection of the calculator also makes it harder than it needs to be to upgrade the operating system compared to the HP 49 . I have upgraded the ROM on my 49 several times and have had no problems , but I have not done so on my 89 because of stories of how an interrupted upgrade of the ROM can cause the calculator to become useless.Back in the middle 70 's and early 80 's TI had somything to brag about with the 50 series calulators . The only thing they really have to brag about now is that they have a greater market share than HP does in terms of calculator sales . Microsoft does too , but we all know what junk Microsoft produces .
 If you buy this calculator your going to cheat your self out of learning the beauty of mathmatics . I purchased the Ti89 a year ago having used a Ti85 for the last 5 years . I am currently a chemical engineering student taking Vector Calculus and Numerical Analysis II along with Thermodynamics . For the past year I have become so dependent on this calculator that I actually carry a package of backup batteries in my backpack . I feel that I 'm cheating on ever test that I take and I 'm getting scared that my teachers are becoming suspicious of my Ti89 crutch through a lack of visable work .
 the item was not in good condition . there was no battery and connectors . most of the faces are scratched and also on the corners of the screen are scratchedhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/B00000JF55/ref=dp_olp_used?ie=UTF8&condition;=used
 This is and old model , not the recent TI-89 . The screen is not in good conditions and the graphics does not look clearlyI wish I could get back my money !
 Item was as described however it was filthy , dust and dirt was all over the calculator and took a bit to get it cleaned up . Also , it had leaking batteries still in the device . Will not buy from this seller again .
 This calculator will do well for students who are doing homework for their lower level classes but for the professional , the HP 49GX or HP49G is superior , both in terms of capability and product quality . As a chemical production engineer , I had a TI-89 until a fall from my desk left it dead . Since I had used an HP 41CV in school , I decided to replace it with an HP 48GX . Since that time I have noticed that ALL of my professional colleagues use HP calculators . Since that time , my HP has survived bumps , falls , and even complete submersion in water and still works as well as the day I purchased it.If you are a high school student and looking for a calculator for math class , buy the TI . On the other hand , if you are an engineer , or a student who wants to learn engineering on the calculator you will use once you are a professional , get the Hewlett Packard .
 I have only owned this wrist support less than 6 months and it is falling apart already , I would not recommend buying it , now I have to buy another one , hopefully another brand .
 I had an older version of this wrist rest and it worked wonderfully until it finally wore out . I expected the same quality from this one , but I 'm ready to toss it and try something else . It would be great if it kept supporting your wrists , but the gel gives way so that your wrist sinks into it and leaves a permanent imprint -- You ca n't get it to move back . After a bit of time , the imprint is so deep you may as well use no wrist rest at all ...
 This mouse pad is not for me . The wrist rest pad is very large and very hard , and I found it uncomfortable . The mouse pad itself has some nice non-slip strips on the back to make it stable on the desk -- the problem is that once you put on the risers to give it a little bit of a lift on one end or the other , the non-slip strips are no longer in contact with the desktop and the mouse pad slips and slides all over the place . Because I was given this through Amazon Vine and did not have to pay for it , I will toss the wrist pad , and the little feet for lift and just use the mouse pad . Frankly , as it is , it is n't comfortable , or useful for me .
 This 3M adjustable Gel Wrist Pad is the WR421LE model which measures 71/2 by 10 ' and is made of rigid grey colored anti-microbial material which the manufacturer claims will inhibit bacteria growth and slow its degradation . This material is also supposed to cut down on energy costs and battery usage . It has a comfortable black leatherette wristrest that must be attached to the mouse pad and rubber feet that must be attached to the bottom to give it a front or back tilt . This is well made and may work for you , however I have the following observations.The mouse pad must be completely assembled with special pre-cut Velcro-type tape and the instructions are abstract diagrams which I found less than helpful . I had a very difficult time assembling it and if you screw up there are no extra little pieces of tape to correct one 's error . While I do spend extended time on my lap top , I do not have carpel tunnel syndrome and so it had a rather uncomfortable and unnatural angle for me . I have ended up continuing to use my old low-tech mouse pad but I did unattached the wristrest which is now resting at the bottom of the mouse pad and it works really well . As for energy savings , I have never replaced the battery in my ancient Logitech mouse and so I do n't see battery life as much of an issue here and I have never really considered mouse use to be an energy vampire .
 This comes with a confusing set of equipment and an equally confusing manual printed in many languages . Well - the bottomline is I did eventually set it up and tried to use it but it seems a little too industrial for use . I would n't recommend it . This is not my first GEL WRIST PAD for mice but this one is just not too good because it 's not comfortable , easy to assemble and it does n't add or subtract from my experience of using my wireless magic mouse . Therefore I see no reason to buy this . Thank you.What could the manufacture have done to make it better?I also have the `` 3M Mouse Pad with Gel Wrist Rest '' and that has a nicer softer feel although it is a dust magnet , it actually adds utility and ease of use . The whole area of resting the wrist does n't do much for a home-user like me .
 So I got this through the Amazon Vine program , do note . Thus I did n't pay for it . This is a good thing , as I ca n't see myself using it . Yes , the arm rest is smooth and nice and wo n't get dirty like most types will , but on the other hand it 's on the larger side.The main problem with this thing , though , is that it 's NOT adjustable -- basically it comes with two sizes of stubs that you put on the underside , smaller for 5 degrees or larger for 10 . It has a sticky surface that binds to the plastic , thus it 's supposed to be a permanent attachment . Therefore not only is it not adjustable , but you waste the extra pieces you 're not using -LRB- and it comes with an extra one of each size to boot -RRB- . Another issue is that the instructions are pretty vague , and represent three separate products . This of course does n't help matters at all . I did n't even realize exactly what it was I had accidentally dropped when I opened the package , as there was only basic unlabeled pictures.So yeah , I ca n't recommend this thing at all .
 I 've been using `` mouses '' for many years , since around Windows 95 or so , and this product continues the myth of the wrist rest.Do not rest your wrist on the pad WHILE mousing . The pad is for when you 're finished mousing . The pressure on the wrist bones and muscles is not a good thing and could lead to carpal tunnel .101 Questions and Answers about Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
 I had no idea this pen was entirely plastic when I bought it . It feels no better than a Bic pen , and I immediately threw it in the disposable pen cup . Sensa started out making high-quality pens , and has transitioned to making low-end pens like this one that might appeal to a larger consumer audience . But the weight and feel is completely different from their earlier pens . If you want a cheap plastic throwaway pen , go for this one . If you , like me , want a weight-balanced metal pen like the Sensa Classic pens , then move along .
 This product worked great for about the first three months and then it would fail to connect , would n't advance the slides or skip through the whole show at once , and would cause my laptop to freeze a very poor item do not buy . I am looking into some Logitech pointers at my local Staples store that work way better then this device . Word to the wise do not go cheap cause that is what this item is cheaply made and over seas . Go with a name brand such as Logitech made in america and guaranteed to work .
 I am a math teacher . I used this in the classroom as a remote control for my class notes.Pros1 . Good range , but the true range is about 25 feet . If i tried to walk any farther away than that , it would only work about half the time , which is not acceptable when standing in a classroom full of teenagers .2 . Does not require line of sight to function , which is great when there are lots of bodies in the way -LRB- such as in a classroom -RRB- . Cons1 . Needs a special A23 battery , which in my experience is frequently out of stock at many stores . *** 2 . You MUST remove the battery after every use , or the pointer will drain the battery overnight . This is true mainly because ... 3 . The buttons feel like they can become stuck at any moment , and are very flimsy . In fact , the `` previous '' button became stuck after one day . Fortunately , it was not stuck in an `` on '' position , but rather in a way that made it unusable .4 . The laser became ineffective after about a week of use , even with a new battery . Which was n't an issue anyway because the laser button became stuck about a week after that!All in all , i used this pointer for about 3 months , 3 hours per day in my classroom . I went through probably 8 batteries during that time -LRB- though a couple of those were because i left them in overnight -RRB- . Ultimately , i gave up on this device and i now use an infared Windows remote -LRB- basically looks like a typical TV remote , but with mouse control ! -RRB- . The IR receiver is high up in the room , so no issues with line-of-sight . I 'm sure there are higher quality remote devices out there . Mine probably still works -LRB- the `` Next '' button , anyway -RRB- , so for the price it was a good deal . I needed something more durable for my daily use , so if you need a remote control as an essential tool for your job , i would recommend that you look for a different device . *** EDIT 2012
 we bought 7 of these for my organization and in less than a month the lasers in all 7 have burnt out . it still forwards powerpoint slides but sans laser which is why it 's priced so low .
 The first time I used it during a presentation the laser died , and the slides either advanced five at a time or not at all . A disaster .
 I had to return it within the first month , and after the first time I used it . It was a laser pointer and presentation powerpoint slide advancer , and after the first use , the laser pointer stopped working . Too bad , I liked the convenience of it .
 I received the product incomplete . It was a shame , since I had very good hopes for this product , but in the end I did n't receive what I was expecting .
 I would NOT recommend this product to a friend . I got two of them as presents and tried them out before handing them over . One worked just fine , but the other one would not work . Even worse . After removing it from the PC and hooking it again , it prompted my PC to re-start and do a check disk ! This happened twice ! I was afraid to give away the `` working '' device to my friend , so I threw both of them away . No worth risking your computer with such cheap quality .
 Envelope arrived with only a velveteen pouch and directions - no device . I phoned Amazon and they issued a refund . I emailed the vendor and had no reply .
 I have bought THREE of these because they keep breaking . I 'm not buying another one . The laser goes very dim , even with fresh batteries . One worked for about 2 months ; the other 2 lasted about a week . Also , you ca n't store it in the case because it tends to push the buttons and drain the batteries . There 's no on/off button to prevent this from happening , and the buttons are pretty soft.Plus , it takes a weird battery , which you have to special order.Don ' t buy it . Just do n't .
 Most things like this -LRB- mice , keyboards , pointers -RRB- work fine with linux , particularly distributions like Ubuntu , Mint , and Fedora . New drivers are not needed as this sort of thing is standardized and new hardware works immediately . I am currently using a wireless logitech keyboard and mouse which worked immediately when I `` plugged '' it in.This pointer FAILS utterly.TOO bad as its a nice unit . BTW , it works on my old Micro $ oft XP box .
 This device is junk . I used it in my classroom for less than one hour and the laser stopped working . The page up and down still work . Do not buy this item . Spend the extra money and get a full function laser presentation mouse . You will be happier in the long run .
 The poor battery life of this product renders it almost useless . Find something with standard batteries .
 The laser quit working after a couple uses . Page advance still works fine , but what 's the point . It 's now in the trash .
 I just received two of the giant foot -LRB- trademark -RRB- doorstops to use with my dog gate in the hopes that I could keep it partially open so my elderly and recovering cats could get through but not my large dog . Even using both of the doorstops , the gate was easily pushed open . The doorstops themselves , although a decent overall size , are hollow and light weight and not like the kind I remember from years ago . I 'll continue to look for the solid , large doorstops that actually keep doors in place and hopefully , dog gates !
 This particular highlighter is not good . the cap is hard to put on and off and worse , it bleeds . definitely a bad purchase .
 After very light usage , the refill stopped delivering ink after 2 months . Looking for a replacement that will work at least as long as a Bic or Pilot .
 I love my Waterman pen . I was given it as a Christmas present about five years ago . The black refill and came with it was perfect . When it started to die about two years in , I bought a three pack of black refills -- all Waterman brand . None of those would write . I had to coax the ink out of them and often just made scratch marks on the paper . Unfortunately , I prefer that problem to the problem I have with this blue medium point refill . It is much easier to write with , but if you store it upright -- like in a pocket -- it will slowly leak . Usually , the leak is n't fast enough to be concerned about , but over a weekend stored in an upright position , it can build up enough ink on the tip to stain a shirt.So , I 'm done with Waterman and am looking for a different brand pen with similar feel and refills that work .
 I 've owned Waterman pens for over 10 years . I enjoy the feel of the pen but the refills are a total bust . I bought a pack of 5 about 2 years ago and all have a scratchy writing quality to them that makes me feel like I 'm fighting the pen to write . All of the refills in the pack were the same . After giving up on the pens for 2 years , and using Faber Castell pens , I ordered the refills again - same thing.I 'm done with Watermans for good now .
 I ordered 5 x Parker Ballpoint 0.5 mm Blue refills but received 5 x 0.8 mm Blue -LRB- ie the wrong size -RRB- . I wrote to the supplier advising them of the error and asking how I could arrange for a replacement/refund but after mroe than one week have receievd no response . As at the time of this review I am yet to receive a response from the supplier . In my view this is terrible customer service and I will never buy from this supplier again .
 Although the supplier states this fine pen refill is .5 mm it is in fact .8 mm . In an email the supplier stated Parker has only one fine refill . The supplier still refuses to change the .5 mm to .8 mm on their Amazon page .
 Money was spent for nothing . It does not write
 This item is * A * rollerball ink refill . Notwithstanding the title header of `` 6 Count , '' if you look at the `` Product description , '' you 'll notice the slightly obscure blurb `` Sold as 1 EA . '' Maybe they broke open a six-count pack , but it 's shipped as one per order . Consequently , when you factor in shipping costs , this goes from being an excellent price to being a horrible one.On the bright side , their shipping time is fantastic ; I ordered the thing on Wednesday night and received it Friday .
 The delivery time for the product was excellent . The problem was that the rollerball refiller cartridge had no tip . The nicely packaged refiller had to be returned since they were not able to be used .
 I like the way the rollerball writes , but I can not take it on an airplane . Whenever I forget and do so , the cartridge leaks large amounts of ink . It also leaks if I leave the pen uncapped and horizontal on a table or desk .
 Item leaks when exposed to any temp increases e.g. , carrying outside ; in briefcase ! Ink does flow easily and does so unevenly . If this is a real name brand Parker product , I wo n't be using my pen again ; or buying Parker in the future !!
 The Parker IM Pen is excellent but ca n't get fresh refills , these refills stop writing after a short time . I think because they come from UK manufacture , they are OLD ... wish we could get USA refills .
 My parker pen with these refills writes great . BUT ... . they leak like a sieve . If you have the cap off and the pen is lying on your desk where your hand or forearm can touch it without realizing it ... it is like a sponge soaking up water . Constantly have `` spots '' on my forearm or hand from the leaking pen ... not a problem when writing . Does not leak when cap is on ... safe to travel .
 This item is * A * rollerball ink refill . Notwithstanding the title header of `` 6 Count , '' if you look at the `` Product description , '' you 'll notice the slightly obscure blurb `` Sold as 1 EA . '' Maybe they broke open a six-count pack , but it 's shipped as one per order . Consequently , when you factor in shipping costs , this goes from being an excellent price to being a horrible one.On the bright side , their shipping time is fantastic ; I ordered the thing on Wednesday night and received it Friday .
 I received a Waterman Carene and a refill as a gift . I know the pen was quite expensive , but I was fairly unimpressed with it . It skipped frequently , especially on Post-its , and was not smooth writing at all . The pen was comfortable , and nice looking , but once I used up the ink , I put the pen away because I was n't going to spend the money for a refill that did n't perform as well , in my opinion , as a 2-dollar plastic pen . Then I read that the Pilot G2 refill would fit into the Waterman . In addition , I could buy four of the Pilot refills for the price of one Waterman refill . The pen is back in my pocket , with a Pilot refill , and will remain there for a long time .
 I own a Waterman Hemisphere and am using the third refills for the pen . ALL 3 of them had problems with skipping on a variety of common use paper , such as note book , copier paper etc. . Ran through 3 refills to discount the possibility of 1 bad piece , OR bad usage . Then I compared it to the other brands of roller ball pen refills and found that I had no skipping problem with those other roller ball pens . Conclusion - this refill has more skipping problems than some of the other brands .
 I agree with others , the Pilot G2 fits and writes better and is cheaper . The only reason I did n't rate it a ' 1 ' is my pen came with one and it wrote fine for a while . Bought refills and they were duds .
 Waterman rollerball refills literally do not work . I have tried every color make and model none of them work . The fine point are especially entirely , utterly worthless and I finally resorted to buying a ballpoint refill for my Waterman Carene Rollerball pens . Very disappointing . I 'm surprised they stay in business with this crap to be honest . Waterman refills for the rollerball pens are just a really sorry , crappy product . They skip , write inconsistently and I ca n't believe they have received any positive reviews . My standards for a high quality pen must be much higher than others . But these do n't work nearly as well as our office pens that cost about a buck . I have received a number of Waterman pens as gifts and the refill situation makes me sorry I own them . They sure look great though - then they perform like crap . I never use them for something important like signing a contract because I know they will either skip or write poorly . You just ca n't trust them like you should be able to.I wish I could give them a zero but I 'm forced to give them a 1 star .
 The cost for shipping was more expensive than the refill . It could have been placed in a regular envelope . Go to Staples and buy one . Waste of money ordering such a small item through Amazon .
 I have not received the product . The address did n't have my company name nor the suite # 2100 . Maybe it was returned to you . Please contact me at 713-439-8263 to take care of this .
 I was sent the wrong product . I think I orderd a Ballpoint Fine Point black ink . I was sent a Rollerball refill 7140230215 . However I do n't know what the -LRB- R -RRB- by Ballpoint means.Or what size 0.5 mm is .
 This product came and dried out in a few day 's use . Ordered again to give the company a 2nd chance and because it is so easy to use ` one click ' . I might be nuts to trust 'em but I believe in 2nd chances .
 These bags are very cheap ... very thin , and some stamps and glues do n't stick to them so they are really not good for me at all.They were inexpensive but they are even worse than I imagined .
 I 've used this paper before with success , and it 's often the least expensive paper option for A3 + prints . All good . But some some major flaws with it became apparent recently when printing night shots and reproducing blacks . Dark , black hues come out with a very odd metallic sheen to them , with a noticeable yellow/bronze color when the print is viewed at even a slight angle , which ruins the print . Thought at first it might be a bad batch of ink , or a printer/software issue , but the same photos , same settings , come out fine on 13x19 paper from other suppliers , and fine on even other HP paper -LRB- 11x17 -RRB- . Very odd , but I 'd be careful with this paper when using it for prints with lots of blacks .
 So you think that your mouse will fit somewhere next to your keyboard and the CPU has it 's own space off to the side ? guess again ! It is very compact -LRB- not many are -RRB- the instructions for assembly are so limited it 's pitiful and now that I have the thing put together , I have no place for the mouse and my CPU is on the floor ! Not worth $ 190 , believe me !
 We wanted a round , swing-out mouse shelf . What we received was a cheap keyboard tray with a square mouse tray that slides out . This company should send you what they show in the photograph ! Now I have to go thru the whole return process . Very disappointed .
 I do n't expect such a useless product in this century.Because : - 1 . It is just careless collection of a jungle of English words . If any one see `` The Oxford Advanced Learner 's paper dictionary , '' can imagine how clearly and systematicaly define each words with supporting examples . 2 . The screen is not clear so that it is too difficult reading on this product . 3 . The speaking part is totally terrible and useless . Thus , purchasing this product is as equal as throwing money in water and useing it means killing time .
 This dictionary is bad , bad , bad ! 1st , it only contain very few words , most words I try to look up are not in there . It actually deleted some words from the Merriam-Webster Dictionary which it claim to use . 2nd . It broke easily . My did . 3rd . Customer service is none . If anything broke , they wo n't fix it , but ask you to pay for a replacement one for $ 69.99 . I will never buy anything from Franklin again . Their product used to be good , but I guess the coporate greed have changed this company over the years .
 I 've found the Franklin LM6000b Speaking Language Master to be helpful for many reasons . I appreciate the fact that it not only pronounces the word for you but will read the definition . Also , when you have free time , it has games that are fun to play . Very handy .
 Unfortunately I do n't like because it do n't expand , then I can not use other cards with other language like spanish , portuguese , etc.By any more money you can buy other new models that accept the expansion cards .
 This was purchased to translate to Italian and French . However it is a dictionary for English , probably would help someone who is not from this country . It speaks clearly in English . Big help , I can do that without it !!!
 Pros : Acceptable dictionary service . -LRB- Quick , short definitions to a large number of everyday words -RRB- Useful pronunciation service.Cons : Perceptible delay in appearance of definition after word has been typed in -LRB- though you get used to it -RRB- SLOW word correction -LRB- if you type in a word/spelling not in the dictionary , the wait is excruciating while it comes up with alternatives . To be fair , this search can be canceled promptly if you typed in a wrong word by mistake -RRB- Not quite portable . Dictionary could have been more comprehensive , used AAA batteries . Top heavy -LRB- literally -RRB- , unwieldy in the hand due to 4 AAs.Would have preferred more comprehensive definitions and lesser games . More comprehensive meaning better definitions and more etymologies . I would not agree with the term `` Language Master '' because of the perceived deficiencies in the number of words and length of definitions.I would NOT call it a good reference either.Compared to the the excellent free service at www.m-w.com and my own idea of a portable dictionary.Keys go clackety clack - could have used softer keys.I would not recommend this buy.P.S.Why do n't we have more competition in the electronic dictionary sector ?
 This seems to be a quality cutter . It was highly recommended to me by friends and others . It cuts well . I like that it is a bit larger than other cutters ; this is good for cutting 12x12 paper so you do n't feel cramped . My issue is that it is very awkward . I believe a lot of this is due to being a lefty . The extension bar for measuring is not in a place that works well for me . This would be okay if I could flip the cutter around , but because the bar that holds the paper in place only raises on one end , it makes it awkward no matter how I turn it.So , righties , this one is a good one for you . And lefties ... I guess if you are highly coordinated ... :-RRB- otherwise , lefties beware .
 Judging by the other reviews , I must have been just unlucky but my ruler broke off after only two uses .
 I got this cause it was one of the cheaper paper cutter and smaller but I would not recommend this because mainly the slider is VERY STIFF . It 's like arm work out ! Also the paper really doesnt stay still unless you hold on to the paper by the cutter . The ruler that extends out is very stiff to put in and out of the cutter . I 've tried cutting different types of paper but it only cuts the thin papers well and once you get into the thicker scrapbooking papers it wont cut well . And I dont really like how you have to hold down the blade . I am going to switch to the one where you dont have to . I would recommend spend a bit more and get a better one .
 It did n't work when I got it . I changed the battery and it worked for a week and now it does n't work again . Waste of money .
 poor choice of phone . The display si blurred right out of the box . Worst landline phone i have ever come into contact with .
 so i ordered one of these ridiculously expensive binders hoping that i could find a binder that was big enough and durable enough to last one whole semester . the other binders of this brand were highly rated , i knew a d ring would n't come apart like an o ring and the stupid thing is $ 16 . that said , it arrived in almost sadder condition than my current $ 2 binder is after a semester of being carted around and shoved full of paper . the cover was pulling away from the binding and the vinyl had peeled back over the tear to reveal the cardboard . the top of the binding also had gaped open , revealing cardboard AND the edge of the OTHER cover was gaping . what . the . crap.the design for the inside flaps was so good too , looks like it will hold papers without them flying everywhere * if * i could trust the vinyl to stick together . honestly , i would have kept it if i had not paid $ 16 for it .
 Firstly , let me say that I am a * huge * Fisher Space Pen -LRB- bullet style -RRB- fan . They are great writing instruments.The reason for giving this item a `` 2 '' is that it is chrome inside -LRB- the part that unscrews for cartridge replacement -RRB- . So it looks great closed , but awful opened with a blue back and chrome front.The whole pen should be blue .
 The Orignial Fisher Bullet Space Pen , is a cool product that is compact dependable and will not leak in your pocket . However the Company seems intent on using the Fisher Space Pen name for products which have apparently brainless design features that detract from either the product 's usability or aesthetics . For example the company markets a Fisher space Pen Light , that lights , but does not write . :-RRB- This blueberry pen is beautiful until you open it . When you open it , the pen metamorphasizes from a work of art to something that could be not properly described without offending the Amazon censors . The pen has 3 parts and for reasons of economy , some of the new lines of colored Fisher Space Pens have a chrome tip which greatly detracts from the beauty of the pen . The pen is pricey and the customer expects and pays for the aesthetic value , as well as the functionality . This deception seems to be more a function of mismanagement at the Manufacturer than intent to do wrong , and by posting this review I am hoping to give positive feedback that may enable the manufacturer to get its act straight so the original product will stay on the market . Before buying any Fisher Space Pen product you must be sure what you are getting . I strongly suggest sticking to the original bullet space pen in a solid color throughout . The Original Bullet Space pen is a great product that enables you to be sure you can always write without devoting a lot of space to carrying a pen and never mess up your clothes . My concern is that if the Manufacturer continues to screw up , the vendors who sell the product like Amazon and Office Depot -LRB- carries the chrome model in stores but not online -RRB- will become fed up and stop carrying the product If that happens the company could go out of business and a Chinese company could take over and cheapen the original product . The product is so good it will be very hard to destroy the business , but it appears that if anyone is capable of doing it , current Management at Fisher Space Pen may be well up to the job .
 Merchandise arrived when they said it would arrive and worked the way I expected it to work . A handy pen put stick in a pocked .
 Bought this copier -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- about 2 years ago and almost from the start it printed very light , almost illegible copy . We did all the required cleanings and buffings and installing new cartridges but , in the end , I go to Staples . And getting through to Canon takes an act of the will , just waiting to be heard -- and then they tell us to do what we have already done .
 Clumsy , not user-friendly and contrary operationally to other Canon PC 's I 've had . Not recommended ! Altho , it DOES COPY !
 If you ordered the medium nib - and you do n't want globs of ink - get the fine nib . The medium literally bleeds ink on paper and looks absolutely terrible . I could n't be more disappointed with this product considering the overall great reviews that I have read . Other than the terrible look on the paper , the pen feels decently made , hence the 2 stars . If I had to do it over again , I 'd simply pay more and get a decent pen . This was a total waste of money .
 I fully understand that Namiki is not a Mont Blanc , but I certainly expect much more from a $ 132.80 pen . FIRST , there is stubborn trapped air -LRB- bubble -RRB- in the ink reservoir that just stays there . Consequently , the fountain pen needs to be refilled too often . I tried all tricks suggested online to no avail . SECOND , customer service from Namiki Service Department in Jacsonville , Florida , is very disappointing - they did not -LRB- never -RRB- even return my calls ! So what does a 1-year guarantee means ? PRACTICALLY NOTHING , you just get a piece of paper with no value whatsoever . The seller -LRB- penboutique.com -RRB- is not any better . First they tried to be helpful , but soon they lost interest to follow through , simply gave up , and advised me to find help online . This is the customer service quality of a product that costs $ 132.80 ! THIRD , the quality of the product does not match the price . I have to admit that the vanishing-point is a revolutionary idea , but it certainly does not justify the price of cheap plastic . My previous fountain pen , which is a low-end Waterman that costs $ 35 , gave me much more pleasure and 14-year writing satisfaction . Moral
 Difficult to hold in the hand -LRB- the clip is on the side where you hold the pen ! -RRB- , writes took thick -LRB- bold -RRB- although mine has a medium nib . The product definitely does n't match the price .
 Its a small pen . That pretty much sums it up.As far as details , there was rust in our cap , and it does n't seem to fit as firmly as you 'd expect . If I were floating through space , or just placing it in a bag/purse , I 'd want to be a little more sure the cap was n't going to come off and get ink all over my million dollar space suit.The plastic case came to us broken , but I guess that 's shipping to blame . Packaging the box in a soft envelope does n't do much for protection though.As far as writing , so far so good . Smooth enough and does n't seem to be anything out of the ordinary.If given the choice again , I probably would n't buy it , hence the two stars .
 It 's a fine pen , but not as revolutionary as it would seem . I think it 's overpriced.Editing to elaborate since most people were voting my review as not helpful
 In a nutshell , this pen has the same writing feel as regular ballpoint pen . Writing was smooth for the first few days , after that , it was just like a cheap ballpoint pen . I did n't use it in extreme condition or writing upside down , so I ca n't tell if it works as advertised or not . But for regular use , I think it has the same value as cheap ballpoint pens . The `` bullet '' design is sturdy and compact but the clip just keeps falling off .
 I thought I would like this pen because I own many shirts from Express that do not have a front pocket , so I figured I could just slip this pen in my pants pocket . The clip popped off in the first two days and I lost it . Now the pen easily slides out of my pants pocket . It spends more time being looked for -LRB- on the floor of my car , etc -RRB- than it does being written with . If I could find the clip and super glue it to the pen then I 'd probably be pretty happy with it , but until that day I 'm not so happy . I also find it slightly too small to write with comfortably .
 Its a pen good for traveling . Yet , pens are one of the first few things to get lost on a traveling trip . I might not want to risk it.Next , its a pen that can write upside down . But writing upside down is very uncomfortable , not easy and its bad for the eyes . For the sake of health , i wo n't do it.Thirdly , the ink smudges as much as an oil based < $ 1 pens.Finally , the ink on paper aesthetically leaves much to be desired . I may write with this fancy pen but people will think i wrote with a pen i stole from the waitress . The ink does not flow well with light pressure.I like the casing that is about the length of my middle finger when closed . Its slight weight helps make it feel stable in the hand . Its a nice gift to compliment an internet hype . But once he/she realizes my earlier points , he/she will have another good gift set to compliment an internet hype.On a last note , the pen DOES NOT write on any surface . I need some sympathy here.Sex appeal
 Its a pen good for traveling . Yet , pens are one of the first few things to get lost on a traveling trip . I might not want to risk it.Next , its a pen that can write upside down . But writing upside down is very uncomfortable , not easy and its bad for the eyes . For the sake of health , i wo n't do it.Thirdly , the ink smudges as much as an oil based < $ 1 pens.Finally , the ink on paper aesthetically leaves much to be desired . I may write with this fancy pen but people will think i wrote with a pen i stole from the waitress.I like the casing that is about the length of my middle finger when closed . Its slight weight helps make it feel stable in the hand . Its a nice gift to compliment an internet hype . But once he/she realizes my earlier points , he/she will have another good gift set to compliment an internet hype.On a last note , the pen DOES NOT write on any surface . I need some sympathy here.Sex appeal
 You would think that at 18.11 dollars for a pen that they would have checked inside the box to see if it was actually in there before they sent it . Was going to be a gift for someone , and now I have to wait even longer for a replacement one . I hope they check in the box this time before they send it . Poor quality control i guess .
 I bought two of these about a year and half ago . One still works great . The other one now leaks all over the place with normal usage . Kind of a bummer -- your mileage may vary .
 Was excited for the pen , loved the size and writing but somehow cap got stuck on the back . It 's been two days and I have n't been able to get it off . I ended up slicing my hand , and scratching the whole pen . Stil havent gotten off . If I could return it I would . For a 20 dollar pen , you would n't expect something as stupid as this happening . Therefore , I would recommend this pen to someone . Disappointed with fisher for making such an inferior product . I guess its all about marketing . Trickery .
 I had high expectations . I needed a pen that that I could store along the spine of my moleskine notebook -LRB- the small one -RRB- . The ink flow is inconsistent and smudges . The clip is not secured well , and I almost lost the pen twice before I gave up on using it . Aesthetically , it looks nice but just does n't perform . Also , because the clip on the pen is n't located at the top of the pen , when clipped into my notebook , the pen protruded another half inch , sort of defeating the purpose of having a small pen.Instead , I have had great success with another pen , the Zebra Expandz . Although the ink flow is n't the best either , it is certainly much better than the Fisher Space pen . It expands to a full size pen , yet compresses to about 80 % of the height of my 5 '' moleskine notebook . The clip is at the very top of the pen , so the pen does n't stick out past the notebook . A great combination , I would recommend the Zebra of the Fisher if your want to use it with a moleskine . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The is the 2nd time that I have purchase this roll of canvas for my prints from Ace Photo here on Amazon . The quality of the canvas is amazing . Prints beautifully . BUT ... I only got 20 feet on this roll and last time it was 19 . So the ad is incorrect ! You only get 20 feet not 40 . Now when I get it from ACE photo the roll is taped in a box from the manufacture , so , I think it is the manufacture that is cheating the consumers . Beware of purchasing this product ! I am giving it a one star ... not because of the quality , the quality is five stars ... but of the quantity .
 This was a refurbished polycom and it did not work , we had to send it back . We were not satisfied
 Difficult to hold in the hand -LRB- the clip is on the side where you hold the pen ! -RRB- , writes took thick -LRB- bold -RRB- although mine has a medium nib . The product definitely does n't match the price .
 If you ordered the medium nib - and you do n't want globs of ink - get the fine nib . The medium literally bleeds ink on paper and looks absolutely terrible . I could n't be more disappointed with this product considering the overall great reviews that I have read . Other than the terrible look on the paper , the pen feels decently made , hence the 2 stars . If I had to do it over again , I 'd simply pay more and get a decent pen . This was a total waste of money .
 I fully understand that Namiki is not a Mont Blanc , but I certainly expect much more from a $ 132.80 pen . FIRST , there is stubborn trapped air -LRB- bubble -RRB- in the ink reservoir that just stays there . Consequently , the fountain pen needs to be refilled too often . I tried all tricks suggested online to no avail . SECOND , customer service from Namiki Service Department in Jacsonville , Florida , is very disappointing - they did not -LRB- never -RRB- even return my calls ! So what does a 1-year guarantee means ? PRACTICALLY NOTHING , you just get a piece of paper with no value whatsoever . The seller -LRB- penboutique.com -RRB- is not any better . First they tried to be helpful , but soon they lost interest to follow through , simply gave up , and advised me to find help online . This is the customer service quality of a product that costs $ 132.80 ! THIRD , the quality of the product does not match the price . I have to admit that the vanishing-point is a revolutionary idea , but it certainly does not justify the price of cheap plastic . My previous fountain pen , which is a low-end Waterman that costs $ 35 , gave me much more pleasure and 14-year writing satisfaction . Moral
 I enjoy the Anne Taintor products . But the paper & adhesive used for these sticky notes are a poor quality , and the paper curls . The sticky notes are good for grins , but due to the quality of the product I ca n't use these .
 Sub-par product , wasted my money . After printing & attaching product to bumper of car it stretched totally out of shape . feel ripped off !
 Bought this because I needed a thick backlit material , and it is supposed to be 15mil , while most others are 5 - 10 . It is not even close to 15 , maybe 5 at most -- very thin and flimsy . Probably what most people want , but totally mislabeled .
 I love these pencils but I hate that they are treated with Microban . I prefer that items my children are prone to stick in their mouths not be laden with chemicals . Most people think that microban kills germs and therefore will protect against the spread of disease . This is NOT true . From the microban website ... `` Microban antimicrobial product protection is engineered to protect products from bacteria , mold and in some cases algae that can cause stains , odors and product deterioration . Microban protection is not designed to protect users from disease causing microorganisms . ... Microban product protection inhibits the growth of microorganisms that can cause stains , odors and product degradation . `` Considering the shelf life on a pencil in my house is a couple months or less , is it really necessary to protect it from such things that are not likely to occur in its short lifetime ? I prefer regular old pencils sans the useless chemicals . So as much as I love these pencils I will not be buying anymore because of the Microban .
 It 's my own fault for not reading the product description closely enough , but I never would have bought these pencils for my preschooler if I had been able to see the Microban tag in the picture . It 's ironic , too , that they have it because the box arrived open and beat up and the pencils are all dirty inside . So much for the chemicals that prevent them from getting stained . Overall I am disappointed with this purchase and will probably return it .
 I 've always purchased the Ticonderoga pencils but was surprised to see that they contain Microban these days . I was curious to see what that was so I looked at their website as well as some other info on it . The Microban is n't in there to stop the spread of germs , but instead to increase the life of the pencil by protecting IT from mold/bacteria . I would rather not put chemicals in my child 's skin or mouth . We go through pencils rather quickly anyway . I had a hard time finding school supplies without Microban this year . I thought nowadays we were trying to be more health conscious , so why infuse children 's products with chemicals ??? Unfortunately , I will no longer be purchasing Ticonderoga .
 We purchased one of these units for our medical office , and it broke down within 2 weeks . We exchanged it for another unit of the same model and this unit also broke down after 2 and a half weeks . The unit at first worked great , and it is fast and the copies look good . That is what kept me from giving the product a 1 star rating.Possibly there is a design flaw . Possibly all the units at the store we used were dropped off a truck.Even though this unit more closely does what we were looking for , we went with a multifunction HP to preserve our sanity .
 The copier has worked intermittently , but the paper drawer wo n't stay closed so the machine shuts down.I 've had the unit for 2 wks and it still wo n't print . Xerox has not provided me with a phone number so all communication has been by email and takes 2-3 days before I hear from them.My son the computer analyst has been unable to get the unit running . Unfortunately , it seems to be a pathetic machine with little or no technical backup.I 'm anxious to send it back .
 As a copier , it works well . But we have spent at least 10 hours with online help trying to make it function as a printer . The tech reps on the phone have re-installed the software multiple times and disabled just about any resident applications possible -LRB- to the point that our Norton Antivirus is n't working properly -RRB- . Out of frustration , we have gone back to our old laser printer -LRB- boy , those HP machines just keep on going ... -RRB- , hoping that we 'll tackle the problem again soon.To top it off , in the middle of a copying job we received the J1 message on the copier , meaning we have 10 -LRB- that 's TEN -RRB- copies left on the toner cartridge , so we had to stop the copying run . Went to every Staples , Office Max , and Office Depot in our area ... even went on line to check Staples and Office Depot -- NO ONE had them in stock . That 's a problem caused by the manufacturer , not the distributors . In desperation , called Xerox , who said they can be bought here at Amazon.Xerox really dropped the ball on this product , whose specs are good but lots has gotten lost in the execution . I would not recommend this product until they have worked out the bugs , probably 6 months-1 year .
 I bought the XD100 three and a half years ago . The quality of the copies and printouts is outstanding . Excellent value when evaluating the purchase price versus features and quality compared to the competition . It was used as a printer and copier for family and small business use . During first year of service , no problems . After second year , the machine had J2 paper jams very often . Then a loud grinding noise signalled the demise of my fuser gear . I contacted Xerox under warranty , and Xerox sent a service technician to repair a broken plastic -LRB- nylon -RRB- fuser gear , since the printer jammed and misfed . The gear is not easy to replace and requires disassemby and special tools . The machine worked well for about 18 months . I used two toner cartridges and one replacement drum during the copiers lifetime . The printer started jamming again and misfed . We read the manual and did everything the trouble shooting guide recommended inluding cleaning it thoroughly , replaced both rollers , installed a new cartridge . I called Xerox support -LRB- not a toll free call -RRB- long distance and after a while spoke with a support person who said to follow the instructions on the web site for paper jams . Followed this advise , this did not correct the problem . We called Xerox support long distance again . The support person said to follow the web site trouble shooting guide instructions and I told him that I had done this . Since it was out of warranty and said my option was to have one of their technicians make a house-call at a service charge of $ 250 minimum for a diagnosis . After researching this printer , it appears that Xerox uses a Sharp copier engine . I believe HP uses a Canon copier engine . So I am considering buying a Canon copier printer next time . I would not buy this machine again or any Xerox product , because it should have been more reliable from jamming and the parent company should support the products with available service .
 I bought , essentially , this same machine 2 years ago . It worked well and my family used it on a regular basis . Then -- it started malfunctioning . The Xeroxed copy looked blurred -LRB- like the something had slid a little bit during the copying process . -RRB- We read the manual and did everything the trouble shooting guide recommended -LRB- cleaned it thoroughly , replaced both rollers , bought a new cartridge , etc. -RRB- Still , the copy was blurred . We called Xerox support . The tech kept insinuating that we had not REALLY done all that the trouble shooting guide recommended and he acted as though we were wasting his time . We assured him that in fact we had done the whole shi-bang . Since it was past the one year warranty -- he said there was NOTHING he could do for us . I asked if he could recommend an authorized Xerox repair center -LRB- we live in LA , big city . -RRB- `` No . We do not have any authorized repair centers . '' He said our only recourse was to have one of their technicians make a house-call to the tune of $ 250 minimum -- even if is was determined the machine could not be repaired . So , after just 2 years we are tossing our Xerox Work Center , new rollers , new cartridge and all . -LRB- To tell you the truth , I felt duped by the trouble shooting guide -- which makes you buy all new internal stuff , first , before a tech will talk to you . -RRB- I would NOT buy this machine again , because it should have lasted longer , because the support people are insulting and dismissive , and the repair options are near non-existent . -- A Very Disappointed Buyer
 Firstly , when I bought this machine in the spring of 2000 from Officemax , there is a $ 50 mail-in-rebate promise from Xerox . But I never got any response from Xerox after I registered and mailed them receipt . Secondly , they not only overcharged for this lousy machine -LRB- over $ 500 , much higher than other similar machine , but very often a lot of carbon powder overfilled and no any tonor can run claimed 6000 pages , I guess it is about 3000-5000 -RRB- , but also overcharged for tonor and drum about $ 180-200 for each , although they really do n't not deserve so much , as you can buy similar ones or refilled ones at about $ 20.00 from other ink shops . Thirdly , they pay you penny to recycle tonor and drum -LRB- $ 5.00 -RRB- , and often forget to refund you promised money . Finally , this machine , like Xerox company , is not reliable . The main problems are tonor broken and paper jams -LRB- unless you use expensive printer paper -RRB- . I have throw this machine away after only three years due to paper jams and very noisy operation.Do not buy troubles !
 Bought the xd 100 f model around March 1999 which is essentially the same machine as this one with the only difference being that the f has two paper trays . Never used as a printer , only as copier . Spent -LSB- alot of money -RSB- back then , used for a medical office the past four years . It finally broke completely down this April 2003 . This is not a long time considering the price and promises . Customer service lacked , since they do n't volunteer to come out to our remote area , and only after much and repeated pleading did they come twice in four years . Took out a part !! and did not replace it the first time!We did buy the extended warranty , but when it was time to renew we had to certify that the unit is in exellent condition . However the copies did n't come out even anymore and by that time it was bad to the degree that half the page was not legible and in no condition for medical documents . Tech support actually lied this time around , saying on site service is not available , only phone support , to one of the employees who then gave up . All tries by phone support did never solve the unevenness problem . By this time we got the letter inviting to renew extended warranty within 30 days of the letter and certify model is o.k. . But tech support would not come , so we could n't . Bad luck , eh . I am glad that prices came a little down and I 'll go for a Canon this time . If it breaks after 4 years anyways , why not save on the machine price ? Toner/Drum replacements were ridiculously expensive for this unit also and never lasted the promise pages even though we put on the toner saver feature for internal documents . Needless to say
 Finally ran out of `` starter '' toner cartridge . Replaced with brand new one . After only about 1600 pages -LRB- just text with one or two small graphics , 72-150 dpi -RRB- , the J1 came on and refuses to go out despite numerous recycles of toner cartridge shaking.Tried calling Xerox . Not in at 4:15 pm Reno time . Tried to email Xerox . Website wo n't take email.Xerox has lost my business because of their lack of responsiveness , and their over-priced poorly designed product . As soon as I can afford to get a new printer , I 'm getting an HP . I KNOW where their offices are . In the meantime , I have to go to Kinkos , and that makes me even madder at Xerox.What thieves !!
 I have gotten this product before , but card stock has never been this thin , I am almost ashamed to use it for cards .
 I ordered these , initially , because I wanted to create professional looking cards . This is nothing but 81/2 x 11 cheap card stock with some envelopes . I tried to put a photo on one , selecting regular paper instead of photo paper , since photo paper it is not , and it still sucked up so much ink it practically drained my cartridges.It 's okay for putting little clip art things on it , I guess , if you want something that looks like consumer home-made stuff , but If you 're expecting that they are the size of greeting cards and will have the look of a greeting card , do n't bother . For this , you can go out and buy some nicer textured card stock and matching envelopes or whatever , and you 'd have a better looking product for less cost.Cheap stuff .
 Card does not fold . Print surface far inferior to any photo paper . Expensive . Envelop does not seal . Can not be worth than this.It 's a shame that Avery sells such product . Damages the brand name .
 I 've been making my own cards for years . Being disabled it 's difficult to go out and buy supplies , so I often depend a great deal on Amazon.com . . and they always come through , one way or another . I was totally out of card stock but realized I had the new pack , one minor problem . The card was to big for the printer by about 1/4 '' ... so , late birthday card for my granddaughter ... I wo n't buy these again !
 After printing 20 Christmas cards with Hallmark glossy card stock and then another 10 with Hallmark matte card stock , I opened the new box of Avery card stock and printed side one . I reloaded the paper to print the second side just I had done for the previous 30 cards and the printer jammed up ! I pulled the jammed paper out . I attempted to print again and this time I waited awhile by setting the card aside to dry for a long time . I put in it the printer and it jammed again ! This is unacceptable . If it had happened with all my attempts to print I would think it is me , but I have already printed 30 cards easily with Hallmark paper . If you are using heavy card stock , get Hallmark paper ! I am using a professional printer so it 's not the printer at fault .
 I have spent hours wrestling with this paper . I wanted cards with writing on the outside and pictures on the inside , with room to hand-write . The three cards that I was able to coax through the printer -LRB- HP C7180 -RRB- are beautiful . Fifteen sheets either jammed or showed smudge marks even after repeated trouble-shooting and cleaning of all printer parts -LRB- for 2 , I fed them incorrectly -RRB- . The printer handles every other paper I have tried without any problem whatsoever - photo , resume , business card , etc. . I simply could not get this paper to feed into my printer properly . I ordered a second box and took the files to a printshop . They said they could n't guarantee that it would go through their machines either . I finally had them print it on their card stock . The quality of the three that I ultimately printed was much higher than the print-shop version , so for that the product gets 2 stars .
 While working as a legal assistant for my Mother 's law firm , the Xerox XD-120F was the office machine with which I did my work . And the problems were plentiful...paper-jams , toner and drum malfunctions , messy ink spills , and a myriad of other technical difficulties . Worse yet , the machine was purchased less than three years ago . The warranty is still effective , but Xerox 's service is shoddy at best . Their on-site tech support is inept , with the serviceman advising me to `` feed the paper manually '' regarding the oopier problems that were adversely affecting production.The XD-120F is n't the most deplorable copier on the market , as it initially worked well and produced copies at a reasonably fast rate with decent resolution . But if you 're an office or home owner , you can certainly do better than this unit , yet still be cost-effective . Brother seems to put out solid , long-lasting products at affordable prices . The firm has had a Brother fax machine for over two years and it works like a dream . Hope this review was helpful .
 worked great up until it started falling apart ... in under a year ! The calculator was not even used often . Only a few times every couple of weeks and still , the top cover was coming apart and would not stay up . Pretty soon after that , the whole thing stopped working
 The decals are NOT transparent . On the keyboards I put them on , they dull the background keys significantly . I do not recommend them except in urgent situations , or where you have no idea where the Russian keys are .
 I purchased cryllic letters for new HP Laptop . My new laptop keyboard has english alphabet exactly in center of keys . Because of the large size of cryllic stickers they will not work without covering english letters and making chinese gibberish . If you purchase these large stickers , make sure your keyboard has its factory letters offset into a corner . Otherwise your money is wasted just like mine was!These cryllic letter stickers are too large .
 I was forced throw it away because it was impossible to take them out of the paper in order to put on my keyboard .
 i purchased this stickers for their color and free shipping . I wanted letters to contrast with my english letter . BUT sticker wont come off from the paper . I come out only with paper stuck to tha back so it took me about an hour to clean them . And still i had to through away some of them . very dissapointed
 Looks not good on black keyboard , red letter shall look on white field much better . I did that on my keyboard by myself .
 Shapes are not cut properly so many of the stickers rip as you try to take then off the paper . They do n't stick well to the keyboard either . Total waste of money .
 My only advice is to watch and compare the shipping charges . I did not notice that shipping for this was $ 7.44 . As the item is the size and weight of a postcard this is a farce . Total purchase price was $ 7.94 , with item cost 49 cents .
 Stickers are very hard to take off , tend to bubble when you put them on . Also not easy to see if your keyboard is n't under direct light . Shop around . Really , you 're getting what you pay for . Also somewhat confusing where certain letters/symbols go , but that can be looked up .
 Lamy tripen delivers an excellent quality writing but at a high price . It is too expensive for daily use . Unfortunately , once you get used to the comfort and practicality of having pen , mechanical pencil and marker in one piece , you are trapped with the refill.If you are considering the tripen for sporadic use , it is a great choice , but if you intend to use it on a daily basis , like me in college , prepare to be a regular .
 Description and picture are wrong and misleading
 This company really does n't have it together . The product was shipped months late , then was defected . After several attempts at getting a new , undamaged part -LRB- this took several more months -RRB- they claimed they could n't get one from the factory overseas . Then they supposedly reimbursed me without even informing me , but needless to say , I still have n't seen the credit . I really recommend NOT buying from Home Decorators .
 Pretty flimsy bookmark for the amount of money . Jewel broke off immediately after purchase . It looked nicer in photo .
 Pretty flimsy bookmark for the amount of money . Jewel broke off immediately after purchase . It looked nicer in photo .
 This company really does n't have it together . The product was shipped months late , then was defected . After several attempts at getting a new , undamaged part -LRB- this took several more months -RRB- they claimed they could n't get one from the factory overseas . Then they supposedly reimbursed me without even informing me , but needless to say , I still have n't seen the credit . I really recommend NOT buying from Home Decorators .
 This company really does n't have it together . The product was shipped months late , then was defected . After several attempts at getting a new , undamaged part -LRB- this took several more months -RRB- they claimed they could n't get one from the factory overseas . Then they supposedly reimbursed me without even informing me , but needless to say , I still have n't seen the credit . I really recommend NOT buying from Home Decorators .
 horrible stapler . the spring broke before i even used it once , and the shipping cost as much as the item . you would be out of your mind to buy this item . i would have given it less than one star if the option existed .
 Yeah , they claim this thing works with MS Powerpoint . But what they do not tell you is that it only works with PART of Powerpoint . It only works in Slide Mode . It does NOT work in Presentation View mode . Of course , most of my presentations are run in Presentation View mode.SO the remote is useless . And they have no fix for it . They can not even document that this is the case.I am going to look for something else . Maybe the Microsoft Remote . *** UPDATE *** It 's true , this presenter has problems with PowerPoint 's Presenter View because in that mode PgUp and PgDown keys are used to scroll the notes . However , here 's a neat trick I discovered that makes it work again : - Start the presentation in Presenter View - Pres `` B '' on your keyboard to show a blank screen - Click the mouse -LRB- anywhere in the blank screen -RRB- once to resume the presentation and then AGAIN to advance to the next slide - Magically , from this point on the presenter buttons work flawlessly .
 I thought it was going to be able to work as a mouse . I do n't really see its benefits if you have a presenter that only can pass the slides , but you ca n't interact specially when you have links in your presentations . Maybe this presenter works only with statics presentations , but really I do n't think this could happen .
 I ordered this item and spent the extra money for rush shipping , as I wanted to use it for a lecture that was coming up . But the remote never arrived and I never received anything from the seller -LRB- GizmosForLife -RRB- about why this product was not shipped . So I emailed them several times and even left a phone message . Eventually -LRB- two weeks after I posted my rush order -RRB- I got an email excuse that was poor at best . The customer service for this company is a joke .
 Lamy tripen delivers an excellent quality writing but at a high price . It is too expensive for daily use . Unfortunately , once you get used to the comfort and practicality of having pen , mechanical pencil and marker in one piece , you are trapped with the refill.If you are considering the tripen for sporadic use , it is a great choice , but if you intend to use it on a daily basis , like me in college , prepare to be a regular .
 This product looks better in the picture than in reality , received with somekind of a grease on it , and it is absolutely pure cheap junk ...
 this staple gun is useless it does not drive the staple wire all the way to the plastic it leaves 1/16 inch distance space the cable is not secured tight like the stanley t-59 model
 These will not hold up with moderate use . They are made of paper , and when thumbing through cds , I imagine they wont last long .
 Just from the specs ... 51/2 '' wide is too wide ! Cd 's in sleeves are only 5 inches wide and so is a CD jewel box -LRB- the short way -RRB- , so if your CD storage system is about the width of a CD in an envelope , or a CD with the spine side up ... These index guides are wider . -LRB- Note
 Very disappointed , These came constructed out of basic card stock with a shiny black finish , which had become tacky and adhered each divider to the next , once carefully pried apart , these dividers were found to be weak , and the finish -LRB- which appears to look like sturdy plastic -RRB- is nothing but an eyesore stuck on the card either before or after it ... Waste of money . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!
 Like others I received a stack of file guides that were all stuck together and could not be separated without damage . There were useless .
 Product is flimsy and not plastic ; it 's coated thin cardboard . Also , upon opening the package I found that the dividers were so thoroughly stuck together that separating them actually make the coating on the cardboard lift in places . Frankly , these are a waste of time and money .
 I think this product is a bit pricey for what it is . Pieces of cardboard with letters on it .
 The rectangular portion is a full 1/8 inch shorter than a standard jewel case . Therefore the tabs do not stick out high enough and you can only see half the letter . Makes for a poor organizational tool . The construction and materials are OK for the $ 10 price , but the product is the wrong size .
 Wow , compared to the co-bought Vaultz cabinet -- just not made to the same standards . Made of maybe 110LB coated stock -LRB- ?? -RRB- , really flimsy and I doubt they 'll hold up in active filing use.Tab height is correct for using jewel cases , but not when using sleeves with their own `` tab area '' , they are too low.Well , for the price point , I guess one can not complain.FOLLOW UP
 I have to say , you would think that this would be a great product ! But it is NOT!The problem is n't necessarily with how it is made , as they are sturdy , but with how they are used.You would think , that the product being sold from the same company , and often advertised together , would work well together - WRONG!The tabs for these dividers stick up -LRB- so yes , you can access them -RRB- but also over the top of the box , so that you can not close the lid . Instead , the lid kinda sits on the top of the tabs , instead of the top of the box.I ended up cutting the bottoms off of these to make them work the way that I wanted to.If you are looking for a divider to use in the Vaultz box , choose something else ; or , just make your own out of heavy cardboard .
 The producd did not have the B or T tab in the manufacturers package . makes it difficult to file anything starting with a B or T
 I bought the magnetic strip as a means to keep my garbage drawer closed . It is a long story , but a simple drawer return would not work . My thought was to tap a steel washer -LRB- has to be steel - not stainless steel or aluminum -RRB- to one side of the drawer and then use the magentic strip on the other . Unfortunately , the strip is not magnetic enough to work.I will say that the adhesive used for the backing works well . However , the magnet barely exerted enough force to keep the steel washer from falling off.Final Verdict - May work well for very minor tasks -LRB- hanging prints on your fridge - although it will not hold a frame -RRB- , but if you need anything more than that you may find yourseld disappointed .2 Stars
 I could just be unlucky and received a 30 '' strip of anti-magnetic crap , but I 'm going to assume you just `` get what you pay for '' in this situation . Do NOT purchase this . It is NOT magnetic enough to even be called a magnetic strip . The packaging reads such wonderful things as `` use for tools , screws '' etc. . Well good luck then , because this thing is so bad it can not stick a piece of paper to a fridge . It drops screws instantly with a slight bump . No , I 'm dead serious . The magnet falls off the fridge along with the paper when I close the fridge door . GARBAGE.Pros
 I wouldnt stick to anything ! I tried all different places and it just wouldnt work ... and yes I took the backing off of it .
 they sent me the wrong product and kept me on hold every time i called to return it . when i was finalt able to return it they charged me $ 40 FOR SHIPPING . I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN !! BEWARE-DANGER-DISHONEST PEOPLE !!!!!!!!!
 I have typed for fun and for a living for 40 years , bought one of the 198 's over the web out of curiosity . I own around 30 machines , both office and portable , electric and manual . I also own an Olivetti Linea 98 , the prior model . First
 The page protectors cost about $ 2 a sheet and I was very disappointed by the quality . They appeared as though they had already been used . They were dented and scratched and unfortunately I surpassed the alotted time to return them , otherwise I would have .
 Somehow , these sleeves are just very very slightly smaller than the sleeves that come with a pina zangaro portfolio ! When I put in my 11x14 prints , and then put the sleeves into the portfolio , the pages would not lie flat because the sleeves are just a little too small . In addition , the black dividers inside each sleeve are a thin paper instead of the thick , relatively hard material that is in the sleeves that come with the portfolio . I 'm not sure if the problem then is because the sleeves are a little too small or because the dividers are not thick and hard enough . In any event , I had to return these dividers ...
 I purchased this calculator a week ago at Office Depot . I had a lot of difficulty loading the printer paper -LRB- just where exactly am I supposed to insert the paper ? ... -RRB- The most irritating thing for me about this calculator is that the decimal point is very tiny and tends to get lost -LRB- and hence very easy to overlook -RRB- among the otherwise large and very clear display numerals . Also the Print indicator is much too tiny for my liking.As for the instructions - they left me wondering what Canon was thinking when they designed the layout of the instructions . The instructions begin with calculation examples , then explain what the different keys are used for . Next is the list of specifications . Then follow instructions for loading and replacing the batteries . At this point , if you 're wondering how to load the paper , you 'll find them on the backside of the instructions rather than toward the beginning of the instructions where you might logically expect them to be . As for loading the paper , it took me several guesses before I finally figured out exactly where to insert the paper . Otherwise , I basically like the features of the calculator except for , in my honest opinion , the inadequately tiny decimal point.In summary , the seemingly illogical order in which the instructions are laid out , an unsatisfactory decimal point size , and the unnecessary difficulty in loading the paper detract from an otherwise easy to use compact calculator with a very clear display and a nice printout . In conclusion , I would suggest checking out other calculators before purchasing this one to make sure you 're satisfied with all of its features .
 This calculator was fine until the paper roll ran out . It was impossible to load a new roll . I 've used many other calculators and never had this problem . I threw it away .
 This calculator looked like exactly what I wanted - small , portable , simple . But , as some others said , loading the paper is impossible and the instructions are not at all helpful . I never figured out how to feed the paper through and am planning to return it . This is a disappointment because any of the other paper-print calculators I 've seen are about twice as big .
 Loading the paper was extremely difficult . It is definitely not worth the bother .
 -LSB- ASIN : B001HA6JLQ Canon P1DHV 12-Digit Portable Printer , Display Calculator -RSB- OMG ! unless you want to spend 90 % of your time trying to get the paper in this unit DO N'T BUY IT ! OR if you already have one of them , save the whole world a lot of aggravation and THROW IT OUT ! Believe me ! for the sake of your peace of mind , stay as far away from this unit as you can ! Or if you simply ca n't bring yourself to throw it out ... do n't give it to anyone you care about or want to be friends with !! the paper gets really loose , slips off and out of the unit and it can take days ... weeks . . endless tricks to get it in place ... cheap yes ... once the paper is in place works great ... but over all ... it is the most annoying little piece of equipment I have ever owned ! Mine is going in the trash ! -LSB- ASIN : B001HA6JLQ Canon P1DHV 12-Digit Portable Printer , Display Calculator -RSB- -RSB-
 I bought this phone for my college dorm room and it is a complete dissapointment . If I charge it all day , the battery might last for 20 minutes , otherwise , the battery lasts for about 10 minutes . If you are more than 20 feet from the charger , then all you can hear is static . The only good thing about this phone is that when you can hear , its pretty clear .
 We invest in real estate and use lock boxes all of the time . This looked like a good buy . It even worked real well for a while.Then one day it just would not open for my property manager -LRB- PM -RRB- . She tried like crazy to get it open , then it finally popped open . After that it would open for ANY combination . One down ... Now I 'm trying to sell my house so I put another one of these on my own house . I used this box every day to gain access to my house as it was MY key in the box . Well this one died too . I had a termite inspector coming to the house that day and he was not able to get in either . I had to climb through a window to gain entry to my house . I then removed the door knob so I could take this thing to my work bench where I was able to break into it.That is another bad point about this lock . I hit it no more than 20 times hard with a normal hammer on the hinge at the bottom and it just opened right up.So all around this thing is just a hunk of junk . I would avoid it .
 Ugh.This was easy to set up . I set my combo , tried it a few times - no problems . Seemed like a good idea -LRB- i 'm afraid of locking myself out . -RRB- One day later , and the dials will barely turn . When I finally forced it into its combination , it wo n't open . What gives ? I can hear something rattling around inside . And try as I might , I ca n't turn the dials any further . I expect much better from a `` master '' brand lock . Maybe they do n't make 'em like they used too.I would return it , but I already used nail polish to mark it to distinguish the lock . -LRB- I live in an apartment complex - was planning on putting this in our package room in case of emergencies , but a few other people have had the same idea . A spot of polish would have set it apart . -RRB- I 'm just glad I had n't attached it to anything yet . You can only get the `` arm '' -LRB- the loop thingy -RRB- open and shut if you have the lock open ... so if you ca n't get at your keys , you also ca n't take the lock off of whatever you 've affixed it to.A few other commenters have noted that they ca n't get theirs open , either . I would recommend trying another option - there must be some other brand out there to try . -LRB- PS - Just in case you were wondering , no , did n't forget my combo . It 's the same as my voicemail code . The thing is really broken after one day . -RRB-
 It 's definitely nice to have when it works . I wo n't repeat the advantages of this lockbox in my review since they are listed elsewhere . When one got used relying on it and it does n't work all of a sudden , then the consequences can be really bad . This is what happened to me . I came home the other day and tried to get to my key . Well , the lockbox would n't open . I know my combination is correct , no doubt . It 's easy to remember and I 'm good with numbers . But the lockbox refused to open . Just picture yourself by your frontdoor trying to open your own door . Unfortunately there is no after-sale service in this case for this item . I could return it but why would I ? My key is still inside and the thing costs $ 20 . Just not worth it . Thanks a lot to the manufacturer for all the trouble they caused me .
 When I bought this it worked great . I used it for bed and breakfast guests and the cleaning staff for two months . A couple of days ago I had to remove it from the gate temporarily . When I tried to set it up again , the key door would n't close . I think the spring inside the key area that allows the handle closure to lock got stuck when I removed it and began blocking the key door . Considering it was the very first time I had tried to take the thing off the gate and put it back , that 's not very reliable . I 'll be trying something else .
 I bought this for my oceanside vacation rental last October . I placed it on a protected patio area and placed the key in it . It worked fine until last week when a guest absolutely could not get the key out . I sent my handyman over , who knew the combination . He tried it . Did n't work . Tried it again . Did n't work . Sprayed WD-40 on it . Did n't work . He never got the key out of there . Fortunately , I had a back up lock box that did work . My back up lockbox was a cheapo that had been sitting out in the tropical rain for 18 months . That had to be sprayed with WD-40 , too , but it opened . I have no idea what went wrong but my guess based on previous reviews is the following
 Although this Master Lock appears to be well made , after about two weeks of daily use the first digit in the combo became stripped and the lockbox would not open . Had to take the door knob off , denting it in the process . I 've decided to purchase the GE / Supra KeySafe this time . Hope others have better luck with it .
 I picked up this lock box up so that I could secure my car key when I went surfing . After what I would consider light use -LRB- maybe 50 actuations of the locking mechanism -RRB- it is now broken . The `` lock '' will open to any combination.I read the reviews prior to purchasing , and saw this issue noted by a few unhappy customers , but went ahead and bought it anyway , as the majority of reviewers seemed pleased ... well heads up to those thinking the same thing . Here 's one more poor experience . I 'll be looking elsewhere for a replacement .
 I have had three , count them , three of these locks change their combination 's enough `` on their own '' that I am not able to get in . I suspect this happens when someone opens or closes it , but this is NOT a single event . 3 Times in one year , three different locks.And Master Lock is no help at all . I told them I 'd send them the lock , they can keep whatever is in it -LRB- for security reasons -RRB- but no , they just want to sell a new lock.Do not buy this piece of crap .
 I thought that this would fit on my doorknob , but its too small . The distance from the doorknob to the door prevented this from fitting . I thought I had a typical doorknob , but I ca n't get this to fit .
 This unit looks good , but the dial and release lever was always hard to use . I used it about 10 times and it finally stopped working . I could not get it to close . The mechanism locked . There were two screws to open the mechanism which I removed easily , but still could not get the cover off of the mechanism . From the time I purchased the product til now I 've not been happy with it . I 've used other types and prefer the push button type . I believe it 's more dependable .
 If you get ice or snow where you are , avoid buying this because the buttons will freeze , which will not only make it useless but lock you out . This also happened on the GE Access Point lockboxes and I do n't know if there is a fix for this .
 I bought this item to keep a key outside . However , it leaks water , so the key quickly became rusted . Very unhappy with this product .
 I bought this specifically because it showed a picture of a credit card sized item fitting into the box area . That is not the case and if you look REALLY CLOSE at that graphic , the card does not fit in the box . I even paid expedited shipping becuase I had to have something to hold a credit card . Beware if you intended it for this purpose , it wo n't work .
 Ordered five last November for use at commercial property leasing vacancies . Within 8 months , two of them were unopenable . They seemed to just jam up . The lever would not slide down after entering the combination . I decided to give them one more try , and order two more of the same . When I was setting my own combination on the new ones , only one would open using the preset factory combination . I am returning it , and will not order any of these ever again .
 A big shrug from MasterLock , they kept insisting that I had accidentally reset the combo -- NOT EASY TO DO ! The black switch on the left would go down when I had the code in -LRB- would n't for different combinations -RRB- but the door would n't open to release the key ! I called MasterLock and they said if I could get the lock off the door and mail it to them and they decided it was malfunctioning , they would return my money . I was like WHAAA ? I had my landlord saw it open with a steel cutter to get my key out -- I do n't have time to wait around for my only key !
 I was one of the unfortunate ones who had the box lock up on me . I set the combination and tried it several times . I then gave a demo to my wife and babysitter , so I verified the combination at least 5 times . I locked the box near our back door . The next day I tried to open it and it failed to open . There was no opening it . Fifteen minutes with a hacksaw and then a few squeezes from a big vice and I had my $ 30 Medeco key back . That created a whole other security concern for me . A 14 volt battery powered sawzall would go through this in 10 seconds . With a big hammer , or a moderately sized vice , a thief could have your key in a minute or less with this or any other lock box . I know real estate offices need these things but if you 're just a home owner hoping to avoid locking yourself out , I 'd consider putting a key in a zip lock bag and burying it somewhere in your garden . It 's cheaper , and probably safer too .
 At first I thought I had lost my mind , or that perhaps someone punked me and changed the combination , because the thing will not open to the combination i set . I wrote it down right away , so there 's no confusion , but after reading several reviews it seems like this has happened before . I am mad at myself for not reading all the reviews first !
 The combo stopped working after about 4 weeks . We had it on a commercial box truck to lock down the cargo door and hold the ignition key . One early morning at 5:00 AM and my driver could not open the lock . I googled for a solution and found these reviews on amazon . Turns out a few people were able to beat it open with a hammer or a rock.So I passed that along to my driver who then took his tire iron and was able to pry the shackle off in about 3 minutes and then hit it while it laid on the ground and broke it open in a few more minutes of beating . Piece of junk lock and bad ass driver.Would not recommend this lock .
 We hired a caregiver for my dad and did n't want to just give them a key . Bought this because of the high amount of positive ratings . The storage box is VERY durable and strong . It was easy to set the combination . I tried it several times , it worked great . Then we put the key in , closed the door and tried the combination , but the box would n't open . We removed the key chain from the key , thinking maybe it was taking up room -LRB- it was n't a big chain -RRB- and just put the key in . It would n't open . This was a normal sized house door key , not some jumbo key and there was only one -LRB- the description says it will hold 5 keys -RRB- . The lever to open the door would move , indicating that the right combination was used , but the door would n't open . Ca n't take a chance of having the caregiver standing outside the locked door trying to get in ... this is being returned .
 The box is too small because of the poor design , it wont even take my subaru legacy key , can not fit a credit card , only for regular door keys I guess , so pretty useless product : -RRB-
 A lock really only needs to do 2 things , lock , and unlock , mine would unlock ok but would not lock until i hit it against something , which is not easy to do hanging off a door . And yes , I used the switch thats supposed to cause it to lock . I 'm sure I just got a defective one , but amazon doesnt allow you to request a replacement only return it , so I think ill try another one this time .
 I strongly suggest you choose a different product.Generally , this thing failed with very little use.From day one , I had it attached to my back deck . I opened it once when I first got it . I had a contractor open it once . And I opened it again a few days ago . Since then , it does n't work anymore . Now my key is stuck in it and it 's attached to my BBQ -LRB- I moved it from the deck just before it broke -RRB- . I went out to test it the other day to see if I could remember the combination and got it on the first try . I removed it from the deck because of concerns that it was a bit cheap and it might break and figured the BBQ is n't a permanent fixture . After attaching it to the BBQ and locking the key inside again , I immediately tried to re-open it and it would n't work.When I did have it opened , the key -LRB- which was new when I put it in because I just had all my locks changed -RRB- was all weathered from the moisture that had gotten into the chamber of the box . I kinda half expected that to happen though.I was mostly shocked how few times I actually opened it before it broke . I assume it is mostly due to being out in the elements all year around . I ordered it Sepetmeber 11 , 2009 . And today is July of 2010 . It did n't even last a year before it failed .
 I purchased this to hold my car keys while surfing.Nice quality but the compartment not large enough for my VS Holden Commodore car key.Item returned .
 As far as I know , the product works well mechanically . Time will tell since I am using it in a coastal area that is open air but not exposed to rain , etc. . I was disappointed that the product had scratches on it . It was supposed to be new .
 We started using these locks at all of our vacant properties . I have had four of them quit working and have not been able to open them . The first one actually would n't open until about the 5th or 6th try and suddenly it worked . The second one I have we were never able to open and we had to remove the door knob to get the lock off the home . This makes us look pretty bad in front of our clients when we ca n't get into a home . It is not a wrong combination problem as the first lock opened after I spun the numbers back and forth and tried it 5-6 times . Then it opened on the right combination!DO NOT PURCHASE THESE LOCKS !!!!!!!!! I have been in contact with Master Lock and they basically say it 's almost always somebody forgetting the code . I started buying the push button locks and have had great luck with them .
 I had owned the lockbox for 2 months , used it 15 - 20 times , and then the black piece that you slide down to open it jammed up . The numbers could still turn but the black piece would n't move . Called Master Lock and they said to call a locksmith .
 I used this lockbox to store my car key while I was surfing , attaching it to the door handle of my car . It worked great for a couple of months . But after surfing yesterday , when I dialed the combination , I was surprised that it would n't open . The wind was coming up and I was shivering in my wet wetsuit . Then in hopeful frustration , I hit the lockbox repeatedly with a rock , and it popped open . I ca n't trust this key lockbox anymore .
 I have bought two of these , and both lock boxes failed within about a year 's time . One will not open , and the other will not close . I use them to store my spare house keys in case I get locked out , so they rarely get used , and yet they still fail . In case you are wondering , I hang them on an interior door -LRB- I own a condo -RRB- , so they are NOT exposed to the weather .
 When we moved into the house we live in , one of these were attached to the back door , by a previous owner . I was tempted to cut it off as we didnot know the combination . One day I decided to see if I could get it off in a nondestructive manor . My first attempt was by disassembling the door knob . This only got it off the door . I fiddled with it for about an hour until I could n't believe my eyes ! It opened ! Using nothing but simple everyday household items , I was able to discover the combination . After doing it a few times , I could do it in less than two minutes.If I can do it , I 'm fairly certain anybody could do it . Beware that these things are not very secure . I laughed when I read about the lengths that others went through to `` crack '' theirs open.For those curious , the combination was 5408 . Currently it is 0000 sitting in our living room as a conversation peice .
 Master has some good stuff , but this is not their best work . TheSurfLock is better ... I surf all the time and need to make sure my car/keys are protected while I am surfing . I used to hide them in my bumper , but I had a buddy who did the same thing get his car broken into while surfing . I tried the master lock but had issues with it , locked up on me after a couple months . Plus the key chamber is a bit small . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- for a better alternative . I love this product , built by surfers for surfers too . Hope this helps .
 I should 've listened to negative reviews , but I figured those people were just dummies . Well the lock worked fine during 2 test combination changes . Then I decided to use it for real , and after setting new combination , releasing the latch , and closing , it would no longer open . The previous 2 combinations did n't work either . I even tried neighboring numbers just in case they were on the edge , still nothing . That 's twenty bucks down the drain , now off to get a hammer to smash the damn thing open so I can get my spare keys .
 I purchased this November of 2011 and now it stopped working . I ca n't open it and it do n't seem like a key is jammed inside because I can hear the key inside moving down when I turn it upside down . Is it cover with warranty ? What to do here ?
 Have a RE office in Boston - Purchased this for a sale unit - it worked for 2 months then after sold property could not get the lock box off - Jammed - will NOT open at all even called the company and they were useless - I see good reveiws but be prepared to have it JAM on you
 I purchased this in Nov 2011 to provide emergency access by EMS for an elderly family member . Despite some negative reviews from some other users I relied on the brand name and purchased anyway . I tested this numerous times before installing and then periodically tested every couple months . Then today we had an emergency and EMS were called and the damn thing would not open . EMS were delayed for over 10 minutes waiting for me to arrive and unlock the doors . This box would not open no matter what I tried . I finally had to beat it off with a hammer to recover my key inside . Please do not use this key box for any of your mportant needs .
 I opened the package , and it opens to any combination , even after I reset the combination . piece-o-crud . Tried numerous times , numerous combinations . How could such a simple mechanism fail so thoroughly .
 Price was reasonable . followed all instructions to change combination which worked , once completed I could not reopen the combo lock .
 I was really looking forward to having this phone . It looked great and really quite heavy , not made with cheap material . Except , it would not hang up even with the earpiece in the earpiece holder . The dial tone would not go away . I have sent it back and Amazon gave me a prompt refund . I have ordered a replacement and hope this will be a better experience . If the next one is bad , I guess the idea of having an &#34; Andy Griffith Show phone &#34; will never be .
 This phone is beautiful . I was so excited when it came in the mail this morning . Unfortunately , it did not hang up ! All i could hear was the dial tone and i pressed the lever on the side and nothing , still dial tone , sadly i have to return it . It looks and sounds great so maybe it was just the one phone i had recieved ... so sad that it didnt work !
 Just as another reviewer said , it would n't hang up . I plugged the cord into the phone jack and heard a continuous dial tone , regardless of the position of the cradle . Makes me worry about quality control at the factory where the phone is produced . I returned the phone and was given a prompt refund by Amazon .
 I have gotten three of these phones and had to return all three because they did not work . Maybe the fourth one will .
 This chair was purchased because the seller advertised that it was made in the United States . Upon receipt , we realized parts of the chair said MADE IN CHINA . We then realized the box also said made in China . This was an attempt to not purchase cheaply made Chinese products , as they invariably are made incorrectly or not designed properly to begin with . Case in point , the bolt holes do not align with the mounting brackets underneath the chair . This is the second desk chair we 've bought this year , as our previous chair was also designed incorrectly . The reason we spent $ 140 on an office chair is so that we 'll not have to buy one for several years . It makes absolutely no sense to purchase 10 chairs in 5 years at $ 80 - $ 150 each when we could purchase a single office chair for that much which lasts a decade.Long story short , seller advertised MADE IN USA and sent cheap Chinese trash .
 I was under the impression that this was a 5 pack of 5 packs for a total of 25 blades . It is not . At a cost of $ 1.00 a blade it is a lot more expensive than other sellers here on Amazon that will also give you free shipping and for less than a dollar more give you 15 X-acto blades -- roughly $ 0.40 a blade.Update
 That was probably old piece of junk that was sold . I could not figure it out how to use . Wasted my money . Please be advised before buying .
 I suppose this might be a good product . However , after a month of use , it completely stopped functioning . -LRB- Batteries are not the issue . -RRB- Because I purchased it 4 months previously -LRB- it sat for 3 months during the summer without being used -RRB- I can not return this defective product.Save your money !
 This item arrived with a broken cover hinge . I 'm not sure how to exchange it.Thanks for your help .
 I bought this thinking it would be handy to have at school for looking up definitions to words . It 's not . The definitions it has are too simple , and they are not easy to read . The print is so large that you must scroll to read the whole entry.One of the main reasons I bought it was so I could have a pocket thesaurus if I ever needed to think of that perfect word on the spot . The problem is , the synonyms it provides all have the same definition . Therefore , if I wanted to find another word for `` lazy '' it would come up with LAZY -LRB- ADJ -RRB-
 ok so i bought this figuring it will help me with essays and homework . I firgured this would not be the best , but would do its job and that what i wanted . Well it doesnt . First of all the dictionary isnt completely accurate . The Thesaurus and calculator are good . When this came to my door , i was expecting something smaller , and more sleek . This is huge -LRB- bigger than my hand -RRB- heavy and the letters are huge . They take up the whole screen , so you have to scroll to the sides and up and down to read the words . Overall its junk , its not worth the money , get something a bit more so its worth the money .
 You would be better off buying the separate cards than trying to download any of their titles off their site . I purchased the speaking Spanish English download and was unable to copy it to the card . They were very slow to respond when I e-mailed them and I 've had no help after 2 attempts .
 franklin service sucks a * s becuz they dont have a toll free number to dial when u need help or have a question about somethin g and when you email them for an answer it takes them about a month to help u out so if u know what you are doin then i would order from them but if you dont know what your doin i would sugjest u dont buy your stuff from franklin atleast they didnt ignore u
 I got these for my 7-year-old daughter who loves to draw . The box is adorable , the color selection is excellent , but the pencil leads constantly break while drawing , even with a normal amount of pressure . I tried them myself to confirm that . So , it 's a lot of extra pencil sharpening and smudged artwork . Very frustrating for a kid . I 'm sorry to say that I would n't recommend these .
 I do n't know if I got a bad batch of these or what , but I bought a pack of these and all of the pens run out of ink while writing , so I have to shake it for the ink to come out . They 're brand new pens ... the ink stops flowing or something . I really wanted to like these .
 I 'm a high school teacher and one of my students had a pen that I thought was the green one in this batch . It was n't , but the green one was n't a total bust . The lighter colors are very hard to see -LRB- the pink is impossible to write legible comments with -RRB- and the whole pack is more pastellish than professional . It 's about a step up from a sparkly gel pen .
 Disappointing results w surprising short life and defective engineering , an entire order of these pens consistently stopped working with up to half of ink remaining inside - attractive , but refills near impossible to find and dubious value overall .
 Scales seems durable enough , but do not buy this for doing shipping . The scale is set up in .2 pound increments so any package that weighs 2 or 3 ounces more than a pound will be rounded down to the nearest pound . Which as we all know is not how shipping companies work . All weights are rounded up by shipping companies .
 Absolutely love the product , BUT the manufacter DOES NOT STAND BEHIND the warrenty ! Product has 1 year warrenty , but the manufacter DOES NOT return emails , faxes , and you ca n't speak to anyone on the phone mailbox is always full.Just BEWARE ! The product itself works pretty good and we were happy with it , but the de jamming handle broke , manufacter DOES NOT sell replacement parts.Keep in mind , I am speaking of Manufacter NOT seller of item . There is a difference .
 Mangles paper , folded about three papers correctly other shredded , misfed , wrinkled mangled . Trash ...
 The paper folder constantly jams and misfolds . It folds a paper in half just fine , but not into thirds . We mailed it back to the manufacturer for a replacement . The replacement constantly jams or misfolds just the same .
 Length :
 I thought that it was just me . I ordered this machine and have nothing but trouble from it eating and crinkling my pages . The manufactor does answer and return my calls but after sending the machine in to be looked at they blamed my paper saying my paper was the problem .
 On their www site they are very proud that they will not provide any parts . There are some grabber pads that wear out from use . They would be cheap to provide . When they wear out - you will have to through out the machine .
 This product is JUNK !!! I bought it with plans to use it for about 600-700 mailers-one per year . NOT ANYMORE !! It wrecks 10-15 % of the papers and it missfolds another 10 % . NOT LESS THAN 10 OF EVERY 100 PAGES GETS THROWN AWAY!I emailed the seller -LRB- Sales Stores -RRB- about the problem 30 minutes after I received it because the problem started that soon . I have yet to hear back , it has been 4 days.I gave it one star because .25 is not an option .
 The company `` substituted '' some other product -LRB- without my consent -RRB- , claiming it was an upgrade . Untrue , given I could have bought their `` substitute '' for $ 10 less elsewhere -LRB- including shipping -RRB- .
 I ordered this box of 100 sheet protectors in February 2010 at a price about 30 percent off the retail value.The first two thirds of these were perfect.I have discovered -LRB- a year after I received them -RRB- that the last third of these -LRB- about 30 or so -RRB- are defective along the left seam , such that you can not fit a regular sheet of paper inside them without creasing/wrinkling the page.So I guess you get what you pay for -- when the product is significantly discounted . I paid about two-thirds of the retail price , and got about two-thirds of a box of fully-usable sheet protectors.I can still use these remaining defective-seam sheet protectors for items that are not 8.5 by 11 inches in size.If you are ordering a box of 100 of these sheet protectors because you need 100 of them for a special project , be wary that not all of them may fit regular sheets or paper .
 Looks like my box of sheet protectors did n't get the protection they needed . Box arrived open -LRB- used -RRB- . I did n't bother to count to see if they were all there and dust particles in most of the sheets . I think there are some salvageable ones at the bottom.QA ?? Definitely not a new unopened product as promised . I am not big on paying reshipping fees on clearly messed up product . Choose a different supplier .
 I ordered these because the photo and description say light brown.These are the standard yellow envelopes you see in offices everywhere .
 This pen will not write smoothly and continuously . It skips or simply wo n't write at all . I 've even tried a new ink cartridge and keep getting the same result . Disappointed to say the least .
 The title of this product and the information on the box claims that the product is 4 &#34; x6 &#34; . In reality , the paper in the box is 4 &#34; x6 .5 &#34; . It is a half inch longer than the title and box state . The product features claim that it is 6 &#34; . However , the technical details state that the paper is 6.5 &#34; . Highly confusing and misleading . To properly use this paper in an album for 4x6 pictures requires trimming a half inch off each picture .
 This do n't fit in my Epson printer . Both length and width is not standard . And it 's super thin compare to other photo papers
 The package says 4 '' x6 '' , but the paper is actually 4 '' x6 .5 '' . Ridiculous , but too much trouble to return . Aargh . I 'm one unhappy customer .
 I 've bought crappy no-name brand paper in the past ... and they all beat this stuff hands down ! This stuff is so thin , I 'm surprised it passes for photo paper at all . Plus , it 's actually 4 `` x6 .5 '' . I missed this fact in the description , because everywhere else it said 4 `` x6 '' . Now I have to trim .5 '' off of my 100 Christmas cards I 'm printing up ! I 'm only keeping it because I 'm desperate . If only I 'd read the reviews . Thanks HP ! Avoid this stuff , because it 's garbage !
 First time purchasing this photo paper . It is very lightweight paper . The price was great ! and you get what you pay for in this instance . If you 're wanting a quality photo , I would upgrade to another level . I bought 2 packs -LRB- because of the price -RRB- and the cost to return was as much as the paper , so I kept both . It will eventually get used up . I 'm sure I 'll find a use for it , but it wo n't be for the photos I want to display .
 This photo paper was a bit disappointing . The paper is quite thin and cheap feeling . Not suitable for printing pictures you plan to display or save for a long time . Used a bunch to print some bulk pictures whose use did n't require much quantity but with what ink costs it started to seem like a waste . Ca n't endorse these for printing up meaningful or important pictures but if you 're looking for cheap paper for some purpose I suppose it could have a use .
 I own a Canon i470D , and bought these photo paper hoping for a decent photo print . But the outcome is completely unacceptable . Surfaces of uniform color emerge as tarnished , with numerous very fine lines discolorations . With the Canon glossy paper , the print is almost alike those produced at professional photo labs . Not sure if this is due to a mismatch of Canon printers and HP photo paper .
 I bought this paper for my Canon Pixma 4000 bubblejet printer with intention to print cd covers for my band 's promo material ... What a mistake . The result is so unacceptable - colors are too dark , ink is spilled all over the picture , there are some very noticable gray lines , that for a moment I thought something was wrong with my Canon . Luckily , picture I printed 5 minutes later on Canon Photo Paper was perfect , and led me to one conclusion - HP everyday photo paper is utter rubish . Avoid at all cost .
 Like many other reviewers have stated , this paper ONLY works with HP despite the false advertising on the front.Returning all of this junk to Staples tomorrow .
 This paper is so thin it 's a joke . I have a Canon Pixma Pro 9000 markII printer , and just wanted some basic 4x6 paper to print a few things on , but the pictures that came out on this paper were terrible . Also , for whatever reason , the paper is actually 4 `` x6 .5 '' , which is completely misleading . I returned it immediately .
 Even though the package claims that the paper can be used with all printers it works very badly on the Epson printers listed above -LRB- I actually tested on the R200 , but the others share the same ink and printhead , so the paper is likely to work badly with them as well -RRB- . On these printers the ink forms little pools and the resulting prints look very grainy .
 I recently purchased HP everyday photo paper and was not please with the thickness . It was too thin for pictures . Would be good for scrap booking , but I would n't recommend for everyday use .
 Ordered the 7.5 x 10.5 for work and they are really 6.5 x 9.5 . . that extra inch on both ends makes for a HUGE difference in what we use them for . Also very poor quality , must use packing tape to close up both ends . .
 Have plenty of tape available when using these envelopes . Sealing glue is terrible and will not hold your enclosed material securely . Also tape over bottom flap since that has a tendency to pull apart also .
 As with the other reviewer , am pleased with the construction and look but - again there was no adjustable follower included as stated in the product description . Wo n't bother sending it back due to the fact that more than likely any other Globe-Weis storage case will be without the follower also . Once - an easy manufacture oversight , twice - they do n't put the follower in any of their cases . That 's too bad . As a writer and liking to keep my notes cataloged the ` old fashioned ' way , I wo n't be purchasing this Globe-Weis item again for my overflowing card needs.UPDATE
 I did like how many cards it held , but it was a pain to get the business cards out . In the end i threw it away and bought a business card holder case .
 The product description claims
 I 'm a firm believer in that reviews are written by unhappy and unsatisfied people . When you got home from a nice dinner , you did n't race to the computer with joy to write a beautiful review for your local establishment , so I just want to start out by saying that I am obviously not the latter . I ordered the embossers after reading the reviews and wondering just how hard could it be to get it right ?! I was sadly mistaken . I ordered this as a gift and thank goodness I ordered it two months in advance ! I got the 1st order -LRB- please keep count -RRB- relatively fast but it was wrong , I order black , not silver . When I called the number , the girl answering was n't very pleasant and told me to keep the plates and that they would send me out the new ` black ' embossers . After about two weeks I emailed the girl about when it was sent out and she sent me the UPS receipt for the first one I ordered . Very on top of things . When I finally did receive the 2nd order ... -LRB- AUGH ! -RRB- They were black all right , but about 2 inches smaller than the ones I ordered , so the plates she told me to keep did n't even fit because they were for the wrong one ! I called her and she told me that they would start ALL OVER ! and resend me everything . I made her assure me that they would be for the original size that I ordered , in black and that the plates would fit . She assured me everything would be fine . I emailed her a few days ago , again wondering where the embossers might be and got a confirmation that they would be arriving today ... they did ... -LRB- 3rd Order -RRB- and I am here to inform you that they plates are right , they are in the color black like I had originally ordered yet they are the mini size . Just peachy . I 'm seriously exhausted in dealing with her/them . I did email her today telling her that I was slightly disappointed . Her email back said that she 's sorry but they black ones are smaller now , manufacturer of course . Kind of wish she would have told me that before , I probably would have kept the silver ones . And now I do n't have any more time to be messing around with it since the birthday is coming up soon . If you 're interested in purchasing , please make sure you have months to wait to make sure it 's right . But I do have to say on a lighter note . The embosser is a very good quality and it embosses nicely . Worth the hassle again though ... probably not .
 This product was old and outdated . Either it was kept in a high temp area . The adhesive turned to a gel-o like state instead of a liquid .
 The calculator itself looks great and it arrived quickly . However , there was no paper for the calculator.I called Amazon as I have always before found them to be very customer friendly . All I wanted was for them to send some printing paper for the calculator . They refused . They said that I would have to return the calculator and when they got it back , they would send me a new one . I told them that I did n't want to bother with all that ... I just wanted them to send me some paper . Again they refused . Apparently I have to waste an inordinate amount of my time plus costs for UPS pick up and delivery so that Amazon could save a couple of bucks on the paper that they should have sent in the first place .
 I have a lot of Canon products , and I 've been generally very happy with them , so I figured a Canon calculator would be a safe bet . So very very wrong . First , the keys require an excessively heavy pressure to work . My fingertips are sore every time I use this thing . What 's frustrating is that if you hit the + key anywhere off center , it tends to stick in the down position . Then when you key the next number and hit + , the previous number gets added again and the button finally pops up . The calculator is also very loud , compared to others of it 's type and price . The display is bright and easy to read , as long as your number is n't over 1,000 . The comma for the thousands digit is , inexplicably , above the number , not below , although the period for the hundreds is on the bottom . At a normal distance , the last printed number is so low down inside the calculator , I ca n't see it without craning my neck.All in all a truly horrible calculator , with the sticking + key it does n't even fulfill the minimum requirement for a calculator
 After a couple of months of use the buttons start to stick and need the calculator needs replaced . Not a good value if it does n't last longer than a couple months .
 The item shipped from Amazon did not match the photograph of the item ordered . I believe the shipped item is possibly an updated version of the item photographed . My problem with the item I received is that the keyboard layout is completely different . I ordered per the photo because I was looking for that specific key configuration . The item received has one less column of keys and one row more at the top for misc functions . My biggest complaint , and the reason I returned it , is that the Clear All and Clear Entry keys are in one key on the shipped item . I selected this calculator because there were separate Clear All and Clear Entry keys . I 'm not sure why all new calculators have combined these keys . It 's as if they never thought to ask an accountant when they changed the design of these things . Beyond frustrating.If any sellers actually have the item pictured , please separate your listing from this one and identify it as the item actually pictured . Or if you comment on my review and leave contact info , I will receive a copy . I know four accountants that are prepared to buy this item if it is actually available .
 I bought this calculator about a year ago or so and had problems with it from the beginning . I hit the plus , and it `` pluses '' 2 or 3 times . does n't total . enters the wrong numbers , numbers get stuck . Now it is completely DEAD . The plus button does n't seem to work at all . If you enter 55 plus 45 , you get an entry 5545 . This machine was NOT cheap and I expected a heavy duty reliable calculator . NOT ! Before this , I considered Canon to be a reliable brand name & I was considering buying a camera . This adding machine is just POORLY made from the get go . Do n't buy it .
 I bought one of these new , but since it continued to be on back-order I bought a used one . When I got it is was still in the original package . The batteries were shot and corroded in place . After cleaning it worked but only for a day or so . Now I barely get a red dot at a range of an inch or two.I am very disappointed .
 I bought this cart to make grocery shopping in the city easier for myself.However , on my first trip to the grocery store with my new cart , one of the wheels fell off before I ever used it ! After grocery shopping , I pulled my new cart out of the trunk of my car to make room for groceries , when the back wheel of the cart came off ! Completely frustrated with my crappy purchase , I decided to still try to use the cart once I was back in my neighborhood to carry the groceries to my apartment from the parking space -LRB- five blocks away -RRB- . I pulled the cart out once again , put the broken fourth wheel back in place , and filled the cart with groceries . Of course , there was n't enough room in the cart for all of my grocery bags , so I still had to carry four bags and a sack of paper towel rolls under my arms . So , there I was , with bags hanging off of me , kicking the broken wheel of my broken cart back in place , when the other back wheel came off and started rolling down the street ! I had to throw everything down to chase this wheel , while a bunch of rubber-neckers stopped their dinners to watch this `` bag lady '' chase a wheel . Needless to say , the broken , never before used cart made shopping 100 times more heavy and difficult . The wheels are flimsy and poorly constructed ... and are only held on by tiny pins that fall out ! Do not buy this cart ! Buy a cart where the wheels come already attached !
 Well , I wish I could offer a positive report , but the first batch I ordered is going back . They are clearly `` second quality '' folders
 This book does not adequately differentiate between ordinary and exact simple interest rates , ordinary and annuity due applications , and does not explain the important applications of the internal rate of return -LRB- IRR -RRB- method . In fact the IRR is very important and is used by such popular software as Quicken . The applications presented in this book of financial math are limited mostly to bonds . Readers interested in personal applications such as stocks , home mortgages , insurance , income tax , inflation , consumer credit and loans , income taxes , and retirement analyses , etc. would find little use for this book.Anyone serious about learnig finanal math and its applications should look elsewhere . The book is written for professionals in the financial industry , but they certainly would not learn anything from this simplistic book.Also the HP-12C financial calculator is considered the standard for the industry . I can not find a HP-19B , and the HP 17-B I found does not even have financial functions on it .
 I read all of the great reviews about how comfortable this chair is but it does n't work for me . The bungee cord idea is a good one but the final design has a problem . There is no low back support . When you try to scoot back deep into the chair you end up sitting on the frame . I guess if you do n't need any low back support , this might be a comfortable chair . I use it for a coat rack .
 I bought this phone about 4 months ago and was initally pleased . The sound quality was great it felt good in the hand and on the shoulder . After a few weeks it would ocassionally not dial when I press numbers . Right now I ca n't get it to dial anything unless I keep pushing the numbers over and over . I 've never dropped it so I know thats the problem . It is just a bad phone . Do n't waste your money .
 The phone works great for about 6 months but then quickly goes downhill . Often the phone will not allow you to answer , it simply beeps . Now , the phone will not dial and I have to hang it up on the charger for 5 seconds then try again . Do n't waste your money !!! I have never dropped the phone and it charges every night so the problem is in the manufacturing .
 I have owned this phone for about 6 months . It is now very difficult to get situated on the charger and the sound quality has deteriorated since purchase .
 ... I decided to get this no frills 2.4 GHz GE phone . This phone works fine inside the house . But when I stepped outside , during a phone conversation , I will get this constant clicking as it tries to keep the signal with the base . Even when I have set the base high , and away from any electronic equipment . I returned it ! So do n't bother with this one !
 I have had this phone for about one and a half years , and already am having the same problem as another reviewer where the phone will no longer answer , and just beeps , even though it 's been recharging overnight . Additionally , the phone gets very static-y when I enter my attached garage , which is only 15 feet from the base . And finally , I am not a heavy user of my home phone -LRB- I more often use my cell phone -RRB- , and am on the budget phone plan of less than 30 calls per month - so the problems I 've been experiencing have certainly not been due to abuse .
 I had the exact same experience as another reviewer . The phone worked fine for about 6 months and now the 1 , 2 , 3 , & amp ; amp ; 4 buttons do n't work , nor does the & amp ; quot ; answer & amp ; quot ; button . I had the same problem with a prior GE phone . I am now of the opinion that either -LRB- 1 -RRB- GE intentionally gives their phones a lifespan or -LRB- 2 -RRB- GE hires inept engineers and technicians . Either way , the quality is terrible.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE !
 Hate it waste of time -- still get just as many annoying calls as before . Save you money . It is on my business line , but still get the same calls from live person and computer generated calls .
 The TelleZapper does not work as stated . Speed of delivery was great and cost was fair if the product worked . After receiving product , I connected it as instructed . I have not noticed any reduction in calls and I do not here any tones when I answer the calls as instructed .
 I bought an older model TZ2900 model Telezapper . It worked for a while , but now I still get 800 calls , `` Unknown '' calls , and other marketing calls . I 've heard that home telephone answering systems with call blockers are available , but do n't know who sells them or if they work .
 The first thing you should know about this product is that every time you pick up the phone to place a call or answer a call you 'll hear a really loud , annoying tone . All of your friends who call will ask , what is that loud tone when you answer the phone ? Are you taping this call ? I thought your phone was disconnected . Are we on call waiting ? I ca n't overemphasize how annoying this loud sound is . If you use the more effective mode , it will sound like your phone was disconnected to everyone who calls . Skip this product and add your number to one of the new state do-not-call lists .
 I bought my TeleZapper for use with a new Motorola 2.4 GHz Digital cordless phone . Whenever I press the `` ON '' or the `` HANDS-FREE '' buttons on the handset , the phone emits a loud and annoying beep . This makes it very difficult to hold the handset close to you ear when you make or take a phone call . When I disconnect the TeleZapper , this loud tone is not present.Anyone else have this problem ?
 I do n't know what happened to the zapper maker , but the new one is about as useful as mammaries on a boar hog .
 I never liked this device . For one thing , intruding calls still come through -LRB- your phone rings -RRB- . For another , all it does is attempt to erase your number from the dialing computer 's database -LRB- there are lots of these computers though ! -RRB- . In that it might have been successful , but there are two better solutions . For one , you can get `` Privacy Director '' from the phone company . Anyone who calls you from a non-caller ID enabled phone must state their name and you get to hear their recording if they choose to ring through ; you can then decide to take their call or not . My own experience with that system has been wonderful , though some friends and relatives whose phones are not caller ID enabled -LRB- this problem is becoming more and more uncommon -RRB- have griped about it a bit.An even better option now is to just list your number with the `` do not call '' list mandated by the gov ` t. Just logon to www.donotcall.gov and list your number -LRB- s -RRB- there , and soon your phone will stop ringing during dinner .
 first of all , after all the telemarketing calls i was receiving , i was desperate . unfortunately i was also stupid , because i ordered this product . i persisted , even after my online invoice indicated that the shipping cost would be identical to the purchase cost ... both C$ 30 . when the thing arrived and it weighed about 200g , i was furious . you can ship hardcover BOOKS for less than that ! next problem
 The first thing you should know about this product is that every time you pick up the phone to place a call or answer a call you 'll hear a really loud , annoying tone . All of your friends who call will ask , what is that loud tone when you answer the phone ? Are you taping this call ? I thought your phone was disconnected . Are we on call waiting ? I ca n't overemphasize how annoying this loud sound is . If you use the more effective mode , it will sound like your phone was disconnected to everyone who calls . Skip this product and add your number to one of the new state do-not-call lists .
 Itthe telezapper does n't work . Would love to return it or find out what the problem is , if there is one.Thanks , Katherine Styler
 Had one few years ago , worked well , then died . This one does n't work at all , but have n't had timeto replace battery and see if that 's the problem - uses large flat watch-type battery . First one I hadwas powered by outlet and always made fax tone when picking up a call . This one does nothing yet .
 Mine does n't work . Followed the directions , let it run for 18 months or so , no luck . Finally changed my phone number . New number was fine for 6 months then the dunning calls for `` Kevin '' began again . Follow up
 Here 's the message I sent to Privacy Technologies : I purchased a TeleZapper TZ900 and installed it per the instructions . However , whenever my answering machine or my wireless phone picks up the phone line , the TeleZapper dose n't beep . If I pickup the phone with one of the wired lines , it beeps and will continue to beep while I 'm dialing the phone . This is unacceptable , if I knew the TeleZapper was incompatiable with certain types of phone , I would n't have bought it . Do you know how to solve this problem short of purchasing another answering machine and not using my wireless phone?Here 's the answer I received from Privacy Technologies Customer Service . Notice they do n't address the incompatiability between my answering maching and wireless phone and the TeleZapper : Hello , Thank you for your recent e-mail . There is a switch on your unit that allows you to switch between basic and advanced mode . If that switch is not all the way to one setting then you can get some intermittent beeping . Move the switch back and forth and then to the desired setting , making sure that it goes all the way over . This should eliminate the extra beeps . I would like to make you aware that the TeleZapper could zap calls from organizations other than telemarketers that also use predictive dialing equipment such as charitable organizations , blood banks , public safety and service organizations , market researchers , opinion and political pollsters , and academic institutions . If you prefer to receive calls from any of these organizations , please check with them to determine whether or not they rely on predictive dialing equipment to reach you . If so , you can ask that your phone number be manually dialed or that alternative means be used to contact you . Manually-dialed calls will not be `` zapped '' by the TeleZapper.Thank you for your time in this matter.Sincerely , Customer Service
 I received this item and it contained no instructions . I searched the net and found some rudimentary instructions . I plugged it into the phone line and while it created a beep , it did absolutley nothing to block robo calls . It did n't learn to block robo calls as I received calls from the same place twice within a few hours . Do n't waste your money .
 I attached this product as instructed and it has not worked yet . It is supposed to stop calls that are computer generated . It has not done this for me . The calls still come through and the `` beep '' that is discribed in the manual does not occur .
 I purchased this product but soon found it did not do what it is suppose to do . Calls are not blocked after I gave the Tele Zapper time to work . I will send the product back .
 Got the Tele-Zapper II as a desperate attempt to reduce the junk calls we get . And yes we have been on the Do-Not-Call registry since it first came out.We continue to get a half dozen junk call a day and have had the Tele-Zapper for about three weeks.It may have worked on a few that we are not aware of -LRB- Is that you that 's not calling when the phone does n't ring ? -RRB- ; but it does not seem like it.We suspect that the junk callers have figured out how to circumvent the Tele-Zapper 's functions - but have no way to confirm this .
 the product worked very well for about a week , and now everything gets past it just as if it were never there at all . I first thought that I would recoment this to everyone but in just two weeks after use I would tell everyone to not waste thier money ... get caller ID and let the callers you dont want to speak with leave a message .
 I brought my first TeleZapper -LRB- it worked fine for quite some time -RRB- from CA to OR and after only a few phone calls my TeleZapper created an annoying , static-like buzzing whenever the line was in use which made speaking to anyone almost impossible ! I figured it was simply worn out from all the use I got out of it in CA so I purchased another one . Lo and behold , the same thing occurred ! I left it alone , ran some errands and came home to a loud , screeching sound from the phone ! I disconnected the TeleZapper and all is well . If I had known it would happen again I would not have purchased another one . I do n't know if the telemarketers have a way of zapping back but it appears so !
 Seems to function -LRB- that it tells me it is on -RRB- though that is it . never seems to actually - stop - bothersome calls , soo ... perhaps a newer model is needed . Or else the tele market fiends have finally found a way around it .
 When I received the product , there were no instructions included other than a reference to a website . The website was very vague as to what to do to obtain more information about the product . As far as I know , the product does not work . I do n't know what to do with it .
 I PURCHSEAD A TELEZAPPER AND A TELEBOUNCER TB-1000 . I ALLED ABOUT THE TELEZAPPER NOT WORKING , WAS THE BATTERY WAS PROBABLY DEAD , BECAUSE THEY HAD BEEN ON THE SHELF FOR SO LONG . WAS ALSO THAT THEY DID NOT WORK ANYHOW BECAUSE TELEMARKERTERS HAD FOUND A WAY AROUND THEM . THE TELEBLOCKER SEEMEED TO WORK AT FIRST , BUT THEN I FOUND THAT IT WAS BLOCKING ALL CALLS THEN WOULD NOT EVEN GIVE ME A DIAL TONE TO DIAL OUT MYSELF . NEED TO RETURN BOTH PRODUCTS , BUT EVERY ONE SEEMS TOHAVE '' DISAPPEARED '' . SEEM TO BE STUCK WITH BAD EQUIPMENT PAID ABOUT $ 100 . . FOR BOTH .
 Do n't waste your money on this junk -- the only thing it zaps is unsuspecting consumers ' wallets ! And the so-called customer service is an absolute joke.My experience
 This product is a joke ! IT DOES NOT WORK . We used it for a two week period , and it did nothing to stop telemarketing and other unwanted calls , such as 800 , 866 , etc. numbers . I now know why it was offered at such a deep discount - IT IS WORTHLESS . I intend to return it for a full credit.Sincerely , Don BernardoTel
 The telezapper worked great for stopping the calls from telemarketers , However I now have a loud buzzing on my phone you can barely he anyone talking on it even with the telezapped disconnected the buzzing is still there , I do n't know if messed up my phone or the phone lines if I had to but it again I think I would pass
 I 've only had the Tel-zapper for about a month and I still get just as many annoying calls . But I 'll give it more time for now .
 I ordered the TeleZapper thinking it would help with some of the calls we have been getting . I had one a long time ago and I knew that whenever you picked up the phone , you would hear the tone that was transmitted to the person/company/machine on the other end . This one did n't give out any tone . Not in the basic or the advanced modes . I wrote to the seller and they quickly sent out another one which was great . I would buy from them again . The problem is that the second one is just like the first . No tones and we continue to get the telemarketing calls . I did n't want to cost the seller any more money so I gave up on trying to get one that works .
 Does not stop telemarketers -- ca n't tell any difference in the amount of messages on my answering machine . Had to buy battery when it first arrived because the one that came with the unit was dead . Do not buy this product !!!!!!
 I wish I could have used this product . After trying to figure out why it would n't work , I went online and found it had a battery inside so I went out and bought a new battery and it still did n't work so I am sending it back .
 I researched tried this product and then one day , while surfing the web , I found the following webpage
 The `` TeleZapper '' is a little device that will eliminate computer-dialed telemarketing calls . I bought this item since I was receiving over 3 telemarketing calls per day , selling everything from credit cards to prescription drugs -LRB- it that legal ? -RRB- . My purchase of the TeleZapper was out of rage , when I got one abrasive telemarketer too many.For the first while , it helped eliminate some of the telemarketing calls , but not all of them . It only phases out calls made by a predictive dialer , not manually dialed or more advanced computer-dialed calls . Though some still did get through , it cut down signifigantly the number of calls I was getting . In terms of installation , it was pretty easy . The instructions are strait-forward enough.But after the first while , I got very annoyed with it . Often , I would pick up the phone and nobody would be there . You are basically trading one inconvenience for another
 I ca n't tell if this thing is working or not . Still getting annoying telemarketing calls , but I think they have decreased a little bit . Instruction are not too clear .
 I thought this would eliminate all the annoyingxcomputer generated phone calls.And it has not , plus they continue to call back multiple times ! 1
 the product arrived in good condition and with all accompanying needed instructions . but it does not perform as stated in the description . we still get computer generated calls .
 this device had no discernable effect on the number of garbage calls i get .
 I did n't purchase one of these , because I found out something useful before I did . I had the blocker service on my phone , purchased through the telephone company . It did a great job of filtering out calls from telemarketers . But , what I did n't know was , it also filtered out calls from phone cards and all 800 numbers . I have some relatives and friends that have either phone cards with limited minutes or an 800 number they use . The blocker service I had would n't let these calls through . I found out from the telephone company that the TeleZapper would do the same . So , if you know someone you would like to hear from that uses these things , just be aware that they would n't be able to get through if you put the TeleZapper on your line .
 I purchased the TeleZapper . Imagine my surprise when we continued to receive calls from telemarketers . The Telezapper only blocks computer-made calls . It blocks all computer-made calls , even the ones we wanted . We were getting a large number of telemarketing calls not dialed by computer . We found the noise that it makes annoying as well . I returned it for my money back . With the new `` do not call '' list available at donotcall.gov , we rarely get calls from telemarketers now anyway . I can think of no reason to buy this product .
 I started to buy this item when it sold for $ 29 . I paid $ 8 , that 's all it 's worth .
 Did NOT make a difference at all . I ca n't even tell if the darn thing is working . Total waste of money . -LRB- Yes , I followed the directions and checked the reviews here ... -RRB-
 Dos n't work . Still receving lots of auto-dialer calls . Waste of money .
 I have not yet received the telezapper . . I did how ever communicate with the vendor but to-date have not heard anything.I had the product years ago and Liked it . but I can not say about this new version . .
 TeleZapper TZ 900 , did not work.TeleZapper TZ 900 , was faulty.Returned the TeleZapper TZ 900 .
 It worked two days then created constant static on the phone line so I had to take it off . IT WAS NO GOOD , I just lost $ 20
 We bought the Telezapper to do just what it advertises . We 've had it for 2 months , and so far , it has n't worked . Computer dialing telemarketers still get through , and we still get the same number of calls that we got before . I would save the -LSB- money -RSB- and pay the monthly fee for an unknown name/private number block from the phone company . At least if that does n't work , it does n't take months after you 've thrown away the box and reciept to find out .
 I connected my telezapper up the day I recieved it and called my home phone from my cell phone . When the home phone was activated I did not hear a tone but thought maybe it worked without me knowing . Later I recieved 3 telemarketing calls and picked up the phone but did not say anything . In each case a telemarketer came on the line after a short delay . I called Privacy Technologies the maker of the zapper and the phone was automaticly answered and I was put on hold . 25 min . later I hung up after hearing over and over How Important My call was to them . I went online to their website and sent them an email and have not heard from them after 24 hours . I switched phone jacks and tried differant configurations but nothing worked . Again I called the company up and was put on hold this time I hung up after being on hold for over half an hour . Their product might work but it did not for me and their customer service is nonexistant If you have a problem you are basicly on your own.A couple days after writing this review I went back and changed the battery that according to them should last a lifetime , anyway after changing the battery the zapper now works as it should . But no help from seller
 It did n't work even at the most sensitive setting . Too bad.The product was advertised as new but was obviously used . I had paid full price for it . It was n't wrapped in cellophane and the package was torn and dirty.I complained and the Company allowed me to return it.I had an older model before and it worked quite well . I would still like something like it if it 's available . Does any one know of anything else available ?
 Messes up phone line . Do not buy !
 My Uncle works for a telemarketing company which does surveys . When the telezapper came out , his company jumped on a few to figure out how it works . What happens is that it sends a tone that sounds like a disconnected number . The companies computers are supposed to hang up and take the number of their list . In fact the telezapper does not work at all against his company , and many others .
 It 's not worthy to spend money on the device which is not upgradeable , and it turns out you keep wasting money buying next new device , I have one TeleZapper did n't work well after a while , now TZ900 then wnat 's next ! Not for long you will enforce to buy TZ1000 , TZ1100 , it will never end !
 I have n't bought one of these because if you simply say `` take me off your list '' the telemarketers are required by law to do so -- or pay a hefty fine . Since they do n't want to risk being caught calling people who have asked to be taken off their list , it 's easier/cheaper for them to just do it.Try it -LRB- `` take me off your list '' -RRB- -- it works . The calls will quickly fade away . My wife and I virtually eliminated all telemarketing calls in a few weeks -- for free . In every case the telemarketer immediately said , `` Okay , thank you '' and hung up .
 Makes a disturbing beeping noise for all callers including those you want to ring through . Not sure it stops telemarketers since many still get through . Claims -LRB- after the sale -RRB- to only stop electronically dialed telemarketers . A toss up .
 In retrospect , I am not sure how well this worked . As another reviewer stated below , after a couple of years , when using my cordless phone , I started to hear static , then eventually , I heard a very loud , annoying pulse tone which the person I called also heard.Assuming the line noise was due to my phone/DSL line , I called my telephone service provider to check the line . I was thinking of changing my DSL line filters or buying a new phone -LRB- assuming some problem with my Panasonic 2.6 GHz phone -RRB- . When I figured out this device was responsible , the Zapper went immediately into the garbage.Not sure what started the problems -LRB- bad battery ? , latent defect ? -RRB- . In the end , am not sure how effective this device is as I still received plenty of unsolicited calls . In any case , this device was not worth the trouble and cost .
 I have just received this phone , charged the battery for the recommended amount of time and the battery STILL does not stay charged !!! Panasonic customer service is HORRIBLE ! I spent 1 hour on hold with them and they would not replace the battery!I will never deal with them again .
 I have used a phone , older version of this one , with net10 for years , without problems . I damaged the phone , my fault . I had a spare net10 phone left from my husband 's business use . I called customer service to transfer service to our spare phone - after 3 phone calls with 3 different foreign customer service reps - I still do n't have service . I was on hold repeatedly , in every call , while they verified and revirified my information after I gave it again and again , with a supervisor . They of course , apologized nearly constantly , which meant nothing as the problem repeated so much I became angry with them . I was given conflicting information as to what had to be done between the calls . The third 30 minute call I asked to speak directly with a supervisor , it did not get any better . I filed a complaint with the company , and their email response was to call the same number again . Not happening . I filed a complaint with the FCC and expect to change companies , unfortunately my choices are either more expensive or subsidiaries of the same company -LRB- tracfone and straight talk -RRB- .
 RETRACTIBLE FEATURE ON ONE OF THE THREE PENS DOES NOT WORK AND ONE OF THE OTHERS DOES N'T WRITE .
 This is a nice stand because it 's very light and portable , but it has poor construction . The laptop is held up by a rubber grip that is attatched to the stand . The problem is that the glue that holds it is n't very good . I dont know if the heat from the lap top makes it stick less or what . Well , my laptop was resting peacefully on it 's stand until CRASH , the rubber grip came off and my computer went tumbling to the ground . Luckily the computer was okay . I rapidlly sent the stand back to the company .
 I was using the presenter for the first time , and about 10 minutes into my presentation , the laser button got jammed and stopped working . Subsequently , the page-up and page-down buttons felt like they could come off any second . While it worked right out-of-the-box on my macbook -LRB- with MS powerpoint -RRB- , the presenter seems really flimsy and even for $ 12 -LRB- I bought it on a sale -RRB- , it does n't seem worth it . I am trying to return it and hoping that I 'll get my money back .
 Bought this product in summer of 2008 . I teach classes only 4-6 weeks per year plus other miscellaneous uses . After only a couple of months , the slides would just fly by during a presentation -LRB- only when this device was plugged in -RRB- . By May 2009 , the advance button was stuck and the product was useless . I could not get the product to work again . *** STAY AWAY - VERY POOR QUALITY !!!
 The battery must be replaced every day . Would not have purchased if I had known this . Laser is week and lasts about 1 hour tops ! Do not recommend !
 I think I got the RF Wireless Laser Pointer Presentation Device around November of 2010 for my sister as a Christmas gift . It is somewhat sad to say that not all the features work as they were supposed to . It turned out to be difficult to access the battery compartment . The remote presentation feature works just fine with the powerpoint presentations in her laptop so far , BUT the laser pointer does n't work at all , even after changing the battery . Very dissapointing !
 This came in an oval-shaped hard plastic travel case . The case was so badly made that it could never be opened by hand , I had to use tools on it . I discarded the case.On the second day of using the pointer it jammed , so my whole presentation flew by to the last page and I could n't even page back until I removed the usb receiver.This is the second one of these remotes I have owned . The first also jammed in the same way many times . Other users have had the same experience.So although this is very cheap , and the basic design would be good if it worked , it does n't work and I think nobody should buy one . I have now purchased a Targus Stow-n-go presenter , which cost much more but is pretty cool -LRB- it stows in the card slot of my laptop -RRB- and has excellent reviews .
 The Superpointer SP-100 is not workable . It does not have a feature to bland the screen -LRB- every remote slide advancer/pointer I 've every used in the past has that feature -RRB- and I never got the SP-100 to work at all . It came without a battery and it turns out that there are not instructions on what battery to use -- not on the box and not in the instruction bookelt . I purchased a 2N battery becasue it looked like it would fit in teh battery compartment -- but it did n't ! The item is very cheap but it should at least work . It was not worth returning , and my advice is never every purchase this device or any made by the same compnay !
 Pros
 Can not be used to control PowerPoint presentation as the seller claimed . Tried with Windows XP and Vista . Tried on multiple laptops . The product box had no contact company address nor phone number -LRB- as if this product were made in a basement somewhere in China -RRB- . I do n't recommend buying this product .
 I loved the price , the look , the feel , etc.But , I was presenting to a 3-hour workshop that would be video-taped and then shown on the web . For a couple of days before the presentation , I practiced -LRB- my slides had several animation components -- bullets would appear then disappear , etc. -RRB- Nearly every time that I practiced , at some point during the presentation , the slides would zoom through about 25 clicks and then I would need to back-track . Also , I would need to press the advance button several times sometime to get it to work . Maybe I need more practice , but it was just something I could n't take a chance on for the web presentation . I 'll use it in low-risk situations , like class ... but not for anything terribly important -LRB- that 's not to say that class is not important -- but giving my own students a chance to laugh at my ineptness with technology can actually be beneficial -RRB- .
 This unit is a nice size and works well . However , it lasted less than six months and needed to be replaced . The issue was that one of the buttons got stuck in the depressed position and could not be dislodged .
 Who can tell me how to open it and insert the battery?I do n't think there is a way for doing so . But I hope I am wrong
 I borrowed this model from a friend for my first PowerPoint class . Asked for and received one -- shipped from China -- for Christmas . Battery was dead , flash receiver chip non-functioning . I spent an hour with an IT professional and the red light would not stop blinking -- program never loaded . Sure , it is warranteed for a year , but where do you go to return it ? What a waste .
 The product does nto work properly , Have to change battery several times but it dies
 Waste of money - no way to replace the battery without damaging the exterior case-never able to get it to workthrew it away and ordered a better product - Do not buy it .
 Before I buy anything , I do a lot of research on it . A lot . So this Stanley sharpener came to my attention . I needed for my 7th grade classroom and if I were ever going to invent something and check it for durability , I 'd put it in a 7th grade classroom for about a month . If it can last that long , you can bet it 'll last just about forever.I 've had several manual sharpeners in my classroom , you know , the type you screw to the wall . They do n't hold up . One was torn from its stem , the base still screwed to the wall . Another had its handle bent so much that when you went to sharpen a pencil , you 'd have to crank it in an oval instead of a circle.I did n't really want to spend too much for a sharpener , since my classes have a `` reputation '' for how they treat prior sharpeners . But the Stanley LOOKED heavy-duty enough . And Stanley tools are pretty rugged , right ? Besides , the only other choice that seemed like it might hold up was an Xacto one , but that was over $ 100 ! I am a school teacher , after all.So I bought this Stanley Bostich EPS12HC SuperPro 6 . What sold me was that it could could take all pencil sizes and it boasted of a motor so rugged , that it actually had a FAN to cool it down ! It had suction cups for feet to keep young 7th grade bodies that throw their weight against their pencils from pushing it off the table . It looked as if it could sharpen colored pencils too , something that always jammed other electric sharpeners . The only drawback I could see was it did n't really have an auto-stop feature , you had to `` feel '' it as being sharpened as you were sharpening your writing instrument . Oh well . Let 's take a risk.This machine is the new Class Pet . It does everything it promises and more . The kids LOVE IT . I LOVE IT . It 's fast and the blades are sharp . Why , because the container is see-through , the kids actually empty it when it gets full of pencil shavings too . They 've gotten over grinding pencils down to stubbs.The only drawback is that it sometimes sharpens a pencil 's wood along with the graphite , so that you either have to peel it away with a fingernail , or put it back in and twist the pencil . No big deal either way.I would DEFINITELY recommend this machine for you . It does n't matter if you 're not a teacher - I 'd get one for my home even . Worth every red cent!UPDATE - 1 year later.OK , so as I mentioned above , if you ever want to check the durability of nearly anything , put it in a 7th grade classroom for a year . Here 's the result of having the Stanley Bostich EPS12HC used by seventh graders for 9 months.At first , it was a wonderful machine
 I am extremely disappointed with this pencil sharpener . I bought this for my fourth grade classroom and it worked well for the first year . Toward the end of the year it started to `` buzz '' when you pressed on the pencil and would n't finish sharpening . Turns out one of the gears inside is made of a soft plastic and wears out easily . When I called customer service to request a replacement I found out that my warranty was void because I sharpened a colored pencil in it ! I was politely told that I could n't buy a replacement gear , but could buy a whole new pencil sharpener if I would like ! I paid nearly $ 80 dollars out of my own money to get a decent pencil sharpener only to be disappointed by the horrible customer service . I would n't recommend this sharpener to anyone . * Edit - After weeks of arguing with Customer Service I finally got a replacement which I will be keeping on my desk and only using myself , no student 's allowed . We will see if it lasts any longer .
 Big Disappointment!I received my unit promptly after I ordered it . I was happy and excited . The device is big and heavy and looks as though it ought to be putting perfect points on my great grand-children 's pencils long after I have turned into organic fertilizer . Looks , in this case , are deceiving.A pencil `` sharpened '' with this device does end up very pointy , but because the pencil is not held in proper alignment with the cutters , the point is SERIOUSLY off center . Because the point is off center , the center of the graphite in the center of the pencil -LRB- the `` lead '' that is designed to make marks on paper -RRB- is not in the center of the point . In my case , the misalignment was so severe that most of the time -LRB- well beyond 50 % -RRB- the tip of a `` sharpened '' pencil was wood and the graphite core was so far away from center that no graphite touched the paper at all . Great for invisible writing , not so great for the type of writing I normally try to do with a number 2 pencil . So far as I can tell , the problem is with a poorly designed system for holding the pencil in alignment rather than some error in manufacturing unique to my unit . A pencil inserted into the unit wiggles and wobbles -LRB- left , right , up , down -RRB- making the unit feel like a cheap plastic toy . However , nothing on my sharpener appears to be broken.If you lust to own a machine that will convert a number 2 pencil into a wooden stylus that you can use to make scratch marks on a bit of clay , order this device today . Now.However , if , like me , you wish to make dark gray marks on a bit of paper after sharpening a number 2 pencil , avoid this device . It is a soul sucking disappointment . Think Harry Potter being attacked by a dementor . Perhaps if I go eat some chocolate I will feel better ... Sigh . I ought to have just thrown this disappointment away and let it go . I could have earned far more than the cost of this sharpener by working instead of writing this . However , if my efforts today save one person from the crushing agony of not being able to sharpen a pencil with an expensive new sharpener , my life will not have had meaning , purpose and value.Notes to Bostitch : The motor and cutters -LRB- the expensive bits -RRB- of this device seem to work fine . However , you appear to have foolishly cheaped out on the plastic bits that ought to hold the pencil in proper alignment with the cutters.First
 This sharpener is garbage . I purchased it for my classroom . I do n't allow the children to use it because I was afraid they would mess it up . Myself and another teacher sharpens the pencils every morning for our class . I purchased this in September 2011 and this is only Feburary 2012 . The shapener is not working already . This was just too soon providing only adults have been using it . We handle it with care . So I would not waste my money on this product . However , on a better note , Amazon did deliver this product quick . No reflection on amazon , but the product is just garbage . Do n't buy this sharpener . I ca n't afford to keep wasting money especially living on a teachers salary . If anyone knows of a good heavy duty sharpener , please let me know . This is my 4th sharpener I have purchased .
 I purchased this unit in September 2011 for home use . I had read where people were having trouble with less expensive units so I decided for the extra money I would avoid problems . It is less than 6 months and I guarantee this unit was used less than three times per week and it has stopped working . I have just contacted their customer support through the Bostitch website so I will update this review as it is handled . I am giving it three stars until we see how they handle the three year warranty it has on it . It did a nice job when it was working but this is frustrating.UPDATE
 I 'm a MS Science & Art teacher and I 've gone through at least one `` Commercial '' pencil sharpener a year since I 've been teaching . Doesnt matter the brand -- Xacto , Bostitch , whatever -- they are all a piece of junk and put cheap plastic parts that are designed to wear out . I bought this model and it lasted 6 months before it started making an awful noise and quit . The teeth on the main gear were wore out . Happens to almost all of them . But I found its replacement gear on Shapeways and it snapped right on . Works like a charm and its WAY better quality than the piece of crap gear that came on it . Seems like a lot for a little gear , but if it will save me from buying a new $ 80 pencil sharpener every year , Im okay with that . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This sharpener lasted only 1 year -LRB- minus 2 months of non-operation . -RRB- The previous sharpener lasted about 2 years , and I had hoped to have this one last as long , but the blades started to dull which caused the plastic gear -LRB- the only plastic moving part in the entire sharpener -RRB- to strip .
 I bought this product -LRB- model # EPS12HC -RRB- because of the reviews and the SEVEN year warranty . When I received the product the paper work stated a THREE year warranty . What about this Amazon ? You gon na make this good?Darlyne
 Purchased this sharpener because it was on sale significantly below original price . Thought that if the original price were so high it must be a good sharpener . It basically is no better than a much cheaper model I already have . It tends to `` eat '' pensils -LRB- but the disclaimer in the package said that such pencils probably had `` uncentered lead '' - that means that most pencils are of that type -RRB- . Also , it will just stop working and you have to jam a pencil in to get it to work.Wasn ' t worth the money , even at the discounted price of over $ 50 .
 I purchased this from an art supply company -LRB- either Blick or Sax -RRB- and paid about $ 100 for it expecting a powerful , durable sharpener . Sadly , after a year of use it stinks . It sharpens only on one side , when it sharpens . The rest of the time is does nothing when a pencil is inserted except make a loud whining noise . I know pencil sharpeners break easily but for the price this is inexcusable .
 DO n't waste your money or time having to send it back . It broke after the fourth pencil sharpening . The motor would n't shut off unless I unplugged it each time . I have to say Amazon.com refunded my money very quickly , though which I was pleasantly surprised.I would give this product no stars but that is not an option here .
 Sharpener has run well for two years but needs a new set of cutters as they get dull over time . Being a `` commercial '' grade sharpener we bought several for the school . They have run well at all grade levels for over two years . I removed the cutters and called the Bostitch company to order some new cutters . Much to my surprise I was told that they do not sell replacement cutters for any of their sharpeners and that dull blades are part of normal wear and tear on the sharpeners . Their recommendation is to but new ones . That I will but they will be Elmers/Xacto models that have replaceable blades from now on . Shame on you Bostich for contributing to our landfills and not supporting you products . Consider this a lesson learned . For a home or small office fine but for a school/commercial application avoid this product .
 This machine was sluggish , and struggled to sharpen every pencil . Cheaply made . The shavings bin is awkward to put back in place . For now , I 'll be keeping our old sharpener for our testing lab . This one has already been returned .
 I started the school year with an X-acto heavy duty NEW pencil sharpener and it lasted until November . I was gone for a week and when I came back it had died . So I went online and found this Stanley Bostitch Super Pro . Once it arrived I had to stick a note on it that it was for adult use only as I could n't afford another one . Well , it is March 1st and the thing is DEAD ! I ca n't believe that I spent over $ 63.00 for a pencil sharpener that arrived December 3rd and died March 1st . That 's about $ 20 a month . I could have bought lots of sharp pencils for half that amount . Now I am done with the Stanley and he is retiring to the round garbage can in the sky . The search will continue ... LB
 Bought this for my business . It 's fast but unfortunately , sharpens pencil unevenly so there too much wood on one side . I tried rotating the pencil while sharpening but that did n't help . Ended up returning it .
 I thought this was the one that would work in my classroom . Not so ! The first one sharpened every pencil crooked . I threw away about 1 out of every 3 pencils just so my kiddos could have something to write with . Then I called and was sent a new one . Surely , that one would work . Not so ! It sharpens every third pencil crooked too . It should n't be that hard to get one that works . I would n't have another one of these .
 I took delivery of this `` high end '' sharpener with great expections . Unfortunately my hopes were thoroughly dashed the instant I first tried it out . All I can say in its favor is that it 's powerful . Despite my every attempt at control , each pencil quickly ended up over-sharpened with an off-center loppy irregular cut to a uselessly sharp pinpoint . If the user does n't keep a tight on the pencil the sharpener spins it out of your hand . Ca n't any manufacturer make a product that comes to doing the job one used to get from an old hand-cranked Boston screwed to the wall ? How can other reviewers love this pig ? ~ Gary
 This sharpener was in classroom use for one year and it is no longer working . It sharpens the point so it is half wood and half lead , like I now see in so many reviews . DO NOT BUY ! Based on the customer service reports in other reviews , I 'll not expect them to replace it . It is clean inside but the problem is that it does not align the pencil properly . POS . I spent a lot of money on this sharpener because I was tired of buying cheap ones and getting a year out of them . Well , this one is going in the trash after one year too . The motor seems wimpy too .
 This sharpener is rather unpredictable . Some pencils come out well , but the majority of them are just sharpened on one side which makes the pencils unusable . Once this irregular sharpening occurs it 's very difficult , if not impossible , to correct the shape of the pencil tip . I 've tried everything to get the pencils to consistently sharpen well and nothing seems to work . I returned my first sharpener , and the second one was even worse -- it sucked the pencils into the sharpener and jammed itself . I 'm going to try the X-Acto brand and see if that one works better .
 Paid the big bucks out of my pocket to get this for my class room . Almost lasted the year , but it did not . I took it apart to see what broke . The unit has a motor that looks like it could run a tank . Unfortunately the driven gear is a very flimsy nylon unit and it stripped out . If this was a metal gear , this thing would be unstoppable . I 'm trying to find this part , but have had no luck so far . If you are looking for a kid-proof sharpener for your class , keep on looking .
 It sharpens VERY FAST , but the autostop feature did not work . As fast as it sharpens I was concerned about this . The shavings receptacle was hard to put back on . I returned it . I was very disappointed . I need a good sharpener I can depend on for my classroom .
 I am a classroom teacher in desperate need of a good pencil sharpener . I decided to go ahead and spend the big bucks on this one thinking it would be worth it just not to hassle with sharpening pencils . It worked well for a few months and then it just stopped doing quality work . Pencils sharpen on one side of the tip only , it gets jammed easily . It seems like the motor is too weak . Why ca n't they build a decent classroom sharpener ?!
 In the past I had done some pencil sketching and have been considering taking it back up . I 'm a bit anal retentive about my pencil point ; I like it good and sharp . So when I saw this pencil sharpener I was interested . I could set it on a corner of my drawing table and refresh my pencil whenever it got too blunt , rather than having to get up every so often to sharpen again on my wall-mounted Boston.Unfortunately , I find it is good pretty much only for your garden-variety number 2 pencil which , indeed , it does put a nice sharp tip on . I was less successful with softer drawing pencils and also with colored pencils . Even with the nice sharpening job it did on the number 2 , sometimes it would sharpen to the nice precise tip , and other times it would only sharpen one side so that the opposite side had a sheath of wood on it.I must confess that once it did n't work on several of the different kinds of pencils that I already use , I did not try it out on other brands of pencils , or on larger pencils I was considering buying for shading purposes . Perhaps I 'm pushing the pencil or holding it at a tilt , although after the first non-centered pencil , I did deliberately try to insert the pencil as straight as possible.I have n't given up on it yet , but so far my old manual Boston does a more consistent job of sharpening straight .
 I had this pencil sharpener for about ten minutes , then boxed it back up for return . Broke the leads and jammed after 8 pencils , some of which were charcoal and carbon drawing pencils , which are largely what I got it for . Impossible to tell when it was done when I was paying attention . I 'm an artist and need to be able to stick the pencil in the sharpener and do what 's needed with a minimal break in concentration . Kiss that off . It just kept going and going and going ... When it started to vibrate on the table , I was done.Cheap plastic construction , although they cunningly made the bottom out of silvery plastic intended to look like the metal it should have been , considering the price .
 Sheesh ! Is that how much this piece of junk costs ? $ 78 ?! I do n't know how long the one in the office been sitting there but I can tell you we do n't use pencils a whole heck lot . I think we go through 100 pens before we go through a pencil.There 's another Bostich one in the office , smaller , but just another piece of junk!I 'm looking for one to use in my class that I teach as volunteer.Another post mentioned its being $ 34 , I dunno ... $ 10 ?
 After two months of very light use at home , it already broke . The motor keeps running and does n't stop until you unplug it . Amazon will not do anything because it is outside of their return window -LRB- 1 month -RRB- . Based on the price , I assumed that it will last -LRB- almost -RRB- forever . Well , it lasted two months .
 Ok , I bought this electric pencil sharpener for my art classroom about a year ago . We sharpen TONS of pencils in the art classroom and I bought this after getting blisters from trying to sharpen by hand the thousands of pencils that we sharpen in our classroom.I was VERY happy with this machine for the first 6 months of its use , then all of a sudden without reason it started sharpening less and was sharpening the pencils crooked . Now , just today it got stuck in the working mode , so I unplugged it . It has been making a HORRENDOUS clanking sound while it `` worked '' . I would not recommend that anybody get this that uses a sharpener regularly -LRB- read daily -RRB- for heavy use . It just did not hold up . Quite honestly I have not found one that does . I am VERY disappointed that I spent so much money on this piece of junk .
 I like the idea that this sharpener has dual sharpeners . And it certainly can chew up a pencil quickly . But when it 's all said and done , it gives an uneven point . I understand that some pencils are cheaply made and could leave to an uneven point , but this was n't the case . I tried the same pencil in a small hand sharpener and my old bostitch that will barely run . But in this sharpener , the point is off center with the wood of the pencil almost to the point of the sharpened pencil . I can turn the pencil 180 degrees and move the off center of the sharpening . So I 've returned it and am looking for another sharpener .
 This sharpener is a HUGE disappointment ! We are currenty on our 4th one in 3 school years . Thank God for the warranty ! They are cheaply made with soft plastic gears whose teeth bend over when they meet resistance . Our 4th one -LRB- which we replaced in Nov. -RRB- is now making a squealing noise when you try to sharpen a new pencil . We too have had the same problems of sharpening on one side , that others have mentioned . Now the company -LRB- Bostitch -RRB- has sold the warrenty job to another company so it 's even harder to send them back . It is a 2 month turnaround when getting a replacement . I 'm currently researching a better sharpener .
 If you were the only one sharpening pencils , you would eventually figure out the correct way to hold and push in the pencil so you almost always get a perfect point . But since this is a commercial sharpener , a lot of different people will use it and they are going to see inconsistent results.We placed it in a high school office for a week . It seems silly to say that sometimes it worked and sometimes it did n't . But that is true . Sometimes there was no problem . Sometimes people pushed too hard and never felt the change in the motor when done , thus eating the pencil down to nothing.Sometimes , the pencils did n't get uniform sharpening all the way around and left wood on one side of the pencil.The feeder -LRB- the dial you can turn to adjust the width of the pencil -RRB- is not very stable . It moves easily and it causes the pencil to just miss.One good thing is that the suction feet worked well and the sharpener does n't move when being used.I tried 5 pencils when I first got it , before I placed it at the school . The first two ended up as shorties . The next three were fine . My wife then tried two more . One was fine , one was not even.So like I said once you get use to it , you probably wo n't have many problems . But that is not good enough for an expensive commercial product.Find a different sharpener .
 Initially the price attracted me , it was a great deal for the features that were listed . Unfortunately , the pencils I wound up with were n't useable . The point I ended up with in every instance had to be reworked with a razor blade . In a nut shell , it does n't work .
 I have purchased many types of pencil sharpeners , and every time the pencil is sharpened on one side resulting in an uneven point . I read the comments from a customer who purchased the Stanley Bostitch EPS12HC , and they stated `` the pencils sharpened with this sharpener are always even '' . I have sharpened a box of 50 pencils with this sharpener and not one has an even point . I am sorry now that I invested the money for this sharpener !! It does no better than the hand held razor blade pencil sharpeners that comes on the back of a crayon box .
 I plugged in the pencil sharpener , and started with a group of a dozen pencils for my class . At pencil # 11 the sharpener stopped working . It just makes a humming sound when I insert a pencil . I can not get it to work . I 'm going to have to pack it up and send it back .
 This printer produces high quality labels for a wide range of applications . The outdoor vinyl tape is excellent and the shrinkable wire markers come in a variety of diameters . Unfortunately , my experience with the printer has not been good . Shortly after purchasing the printer with very gentle handling the cam that that holds the cartridge latch closed broke . The internal components are very cheap plastic . I sent the printer back for repair and they shipped back a new one under warranty . I only use it occasionally now but have to remember to feed out blank tape before printing . It sometimes sucks the tape back into the cartridge before starting to print and usually the tape end gets jammed somewhere in the cartridge . I 've thrown out several mostly full cartridges because I was not able to unjam them.Often after installing a cartridge the printer does not see it and gives an error when I try to print . The error message only displays for about a quarter of a second so you have to press print repeatedly and look closely to read it . Clearing the problem takes several tries of taking out , reinserting , closing the latch , tapping on it to get it to work . This is the most finicky , frustrating printer I 've ever used . I recommend avoiding this label printer .
 I needed this labeler to create bar-code labels for my company . The menus are very difficult to navigate and are not intuitive in any way . I had to call customer support just to get the lables to print with bar codes . The menu path the tech support person had me use was not listed in the user manuel.This labeler is so difficult and cumbersome to use that no one in my office will use it anymore . We have used Brady labelers before and have usually been very pleased with them . However , you will be dissappointed in this labeler , avoid it at all costs.We have now purchased a new Brady Labeler -LRB- #BMP 21 -RRB- which is much cheaper and very user friendly .
 Whoever designed this product needs to go back to engineering school . The base of this book stand has notches on it which help hold up the back piece . If you use this product for a really light book , then this thing works like a charm . However , if you set a regular hardcover book or a textbook on this thing , the weight of the book causes the base to dip , which causes the notches also sink down and in turn , the back piece collapses , bringing the book down with it . If they show the back picture of this product , you will see the obvious flaw of the design . The genius who designed this book holder just did n't get it . This product collapses on me so many time that I had to return it to the seller .
 This book holder looks like something I would buy at a discount store for $ 5 , not something I paid $ 29 plus shipping for . I purchased this for my elderly mother who is reading the book `` Truman '' and was unable to hold it up . I was tempeted to throw it out when it arrived but she really needed it , and it does work although its a bit small for the `` Truman '' book.Buyer beware !
 I do not know if I received a bad marker , but the chisel tip seemed like it was out of ink . This was from the very first use . The fine point worked as expected .
 This product was listed on Amazon as brand new & it was not ; you could tell it was used due to the scratch marks in the leather .
 This product crashed my computer as soon as I hooked it up . I have n't been willing to try it again .
 I bought this product and wish I never did . The labels never stick to the envelope . They start peeling immediately no matter what kind of envelope I use . I have to tape down the label every time I use one . Well , at least I only have oh , 500 labels to go . Not recommended !!!
 I believe this item be a translator , but Sorprise , really was a software CD for Blackberry phone . I can do anything with this .
 The advertized 220,000 words impressed me to buy but every word I do n't know , this dictionary does n't know . The last two words that come to mind are ; eponymous and recrudescense . If I had thought to make a list , it would probably recognize one out of five entries . Someone should create a dictionary that eliminates simple words in order to make room for words that someone fluent in English would normally have to look up . For example , this would eliminate words like , chair , house , etc. to make room for a more effective list .
 This dictionary is not worth the pay . I bought this at $ -LSB- amount -RSB- and it broke 1 week later . Do n't think about calling Seiko because they just say that they can fix the screen -LRB- If it breaks -RRB- for $ -LSB- larger amount -RSB- ! Buy something that is a little more worth it ! And this saying botton on the dictionary is Very stupid ! You can Hardly hear the word because the person saying the stuff says it WAY TOO FAST . Dont buy this !
 I have an American Heritage Talking Dictionary -LRB- AHTD -RRB- on CD-rom , 3rd edition , based on 92 ed dictionary . I bought it in 1995 . It 's very good . I can find most of medical terms , except those very specific ones . As a result , I did n't hesitate to buy this electonic dictionary . However , I am disappointed.I ca n't find most of medical terms in this products , like ramus , psoas , leukocytosis , adduction etc. . All those words I can find in the AHTD CD-rom . I wondered how come the new dictioinary had less words than the old one . Then I checked the information on the back of the dictionary , it said it 's based on the CONCISE AHD , 1982 edition . No wonder . Before I bought this electronic dictionary , I could n't find such information on the web , only saw that dictionary has 220,000 words .
 This dictionary is not worth the pay . I bought this at -LSB- cost -RSB- and it broke 1 week later . Do n't think about calling Seiko because they just say that they can fix the screen -LRB- If it breaks -RRB- for -LSB- higher cost -RSB- ! Buy something that is a little more worth it ! And this saying botton on the dictionary is Very stupid ! You can Hardly hear the word because the person saying the stuff says it WAY TOO FAST . Dont buy this worthless peice of doodoo !!
 Product did not arrive with the drawer dividers as stated in the description . Storage cabinet is rather flimsy too . Emailed Aut0Barn twice and no response . Called them -LRB- during their stated business hours -RRB- and I got got their voicemail . The voicemail allowed about 5 seconds of recording time . Do not order from this vendor !!
 i guess you get what you pay for ... this cabinet has no back to it , so everything is still exposed to dust and hair ... the drawers do n't stay in very well , and they are cheaply made ... if it would n't cost almost as much to send it back , I would return !
 The dictionary works fine , but suffers from a lack of words , especially going from Japanese to English . To give one of many , many examples , it does n't have Chuugoku -LRB- the word for `` China '' -RRB- going from Japanese to English . It 's totally unsuitable for a student studying Japanese . It might be OK for a tourist or someone living in Japan who does n't intend to learn the language , except for one other problem
 I had the choice of several japanese translators , and though this one looked nice because it 's meant `` for english students '' I decided on the seiko SR950 for several reasons :1 . has VERY large -LRB- 230,000 -RRB- japanese-japanese dictionary2 . has Katakana dictionary -LRB- borrowed words -RRB- 3 . Kanji dictionary -LRB- VERY IMPORTANT if you ever want to actually try to figure out what a sign or something says , and the paperback ones are too big to manage -RRB- On the other models they say `` for native japanese '' becuase the instruction manual is in japanese , but I did not find this to be an issue at all . There are buttons in black on the top row -LRB- same setup as this RM2000 -RRB- and Frankly , if trial and error is n't simple enough -LRB- there 's only 8 of em -RRB- it 's pretty easy to ask someone who knows any of the language for a basic rundown and make a note of it on paper . Plus , assuming you do learn japanese , the features of this RM unit become rather obsolete , whereas the japanese-japanese and kanji dictionaries of the sr950 make it a favorite even among the japanese -LRB- it 's the same price , may have to check the japanese link in amazon to get it though -RRB-
 This should sell for $ 30.00 tops . That 's the price of the other Seiko electronic translators . Because it 's so expensive I was really upset when it stopped working after a few months . It did n't just break all at once it went out one key at a time . The problem is it uses a rubber pad with a magnetic strip to activate the chipset , but the metallic material was too thin and wore off quickly . Do n't waste your money.On the other hand a Japanese friend has another seiko model and it 's awesome , built much better .
 If you are looking for a robust Ei/Wa : Wa/Ei dictionary , stay away from this item . It 's dictionary is atrocious . It is missing the most fundemental words . For someone with no kanji skills , this might be a good tool , but if you want a resource for finding that word you just do n't know , you wo n't find it here . Returned for refund . Very expensive mistake .
 I would only recommend this dictionary to the occasional business traveler interested in using a few words but who has no intention of learning the Japanese language . A small paper dictionary would be just as effective at a fraction of the cost . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The company did send a product , in a timely manner , but it wasnt the product that I ordered . I called , emailed , tried to contact them via Amazon ... for two weeks - and no one ever contacted me .
 The sample image of the poster clearly shows that the symbols for crescendo and decrescendo are reversed . Could create a bit of confusion in your class !
 It 's a shame , I like everything about this phone except the answering machine audio quality . It 's a garbled mess . I do n't know what AT&T was thinking . They made a good phone with nice features , user-friendly but then installed the worst answering machine . I wish I had read the reviews before buying . This unit lured me in with the price when I did a side-by-side visual comparison at the store . It looked better than anything else in its price category . The phone is laid out nicely and easy to use . I like the handset speaker , too , so I can set the phone down and talk . Caller ID , call log , and directory and all work fine . But I was appalled the first time I heard the sound quality of a recorded message . Horrible ! A good phone with a really bad answerer .
 The answering machine playback quality is horrible . Playing back messages is not user friendly .
 I moved into a cubicle that already has a 3M C-71 desk drawer organizer in the drawer . I can not , for the life of me , figure out how the tape dispenser works . It says to refill with Scotch brand 810 Magic Tape , and I understand that that tape comes with two different core sizes -LRB- 1 '' and 3 '' -RRB- , however , even with the 1 '' core tape , the snap-on lid wo n't snap closed and then the drawer ca n't close . Aside from that , it 's an okay organizer , but I just ca n't figure out to use the tape dispenser .
 i was very happy when i found that i could get this kind of pencil very cheap . i was even happier when i found that there were 12 pencils that i could get for less than a dollar ! the shiping was a little pricey , but i thought it was a small price to pay for so many pencils . when i got the package , i knew somthing was wrong . i got a tiny little package , and when i opened it , there was ONE FREEKING PENCIL ! NOT 12 , 1 ! i reccomend that NOONE buys this ! it says right in the pencil title `` 12 per box '' . i reccomend that noone buys this . the pencil it 's self works well , but unless you want to throw away $ 9 on 1 pencil , please , do n't buy this !
 The ad is for 1 pencil , not 1 box of 12 pencils . The description is not specific of the quantity.Way overpriced .
 I use red pencils everyday and when you sharpen these pencils the tips break off when writing therefore you must sharpen again . This goes on until there 's no pencil left to sharpen . 1 dozen pencils turned to dust .
 This better be a good pencil because you 're paying nearly $ 5 for 1 . There is no verbiage that says this - buyer beware !
 I got 2 pencils for $ 10 !!! I returned them , and bought 12 for $ 7 elsewhere.What a joke ! 0 stars .
 Whoever is selling these places a misleading picture of an entire box of the Prismacolor pencils . It is only one pencil , and you are being charged $ 5 for it . DO NOT BUY !
 I would give them more stars because everthing else is great , but when your name is Col-Erase you better erase .
 There 's a big ... at least an inch long ... wrapped all the way around ... bar code label on every pencil in the box !!! And it 's not easily removable and leaves sticky residue behind.What a STUPID thing to do.I guess I 'm just labeled out in this world we live in now ... labels EVERYWHERE ... non removable ... with stupid warnings and ads and ... OK I 'll stop.But just wanted to let others know ... these beautiful pencils are RUINED by the label ... on every single pencil in the box ... I know I 'm starting to repeat myself ... stick a fork in me ... I 'm done : o -RRB-
 The item is described as `` Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencil , Canary Yellow Lead/Barrel , 12-Count . '' This is VERY misleading . I was expecting a box of 12 yellow colored pencils . They sent me ONE single colored pencil when I was expecting a box of 12 . Yep , that 's right , I paid nearly ten dollars for a single colored pencil . Not cool .
 I have to sharpen constantly the pencils because the point falls off . The graphie inside is broken . This was a waste of my money .
 I agree with the previous reviewer who found these pencils to be poor quality.They are made with very cheap wood that sticks and splinters in a sharpener resulting in broken lead and much frustration . Ive already used an inch off the pencils just trying to sharpen them . Im hoping the Design brand I also ordered are better quality.I know the standard in general for pencils has gone way down over the years and the quality of wood is a common problem .
 I initially thought this was a pretty good labeler , however it stopped working after 3 months of mild use . The label no longer rolls forward on its own , or it guides it in a loop inside the machine , producing a garbled , mangled label .
 But after 5 or 6 mos. , everytime I try printing the tape jams .
 I just got this machine and liked it right away , until I tried to peel the backing off the tape . I have short fingernails and I found it virtually impossible to get it off without mutilating the tape . I figured I must be missing something so I checked the Brother 's website . Turns out , they sell a little piece of plastic called a `` Peel stick '' for 29 cents that was supposed to make it easy to take the backing off . I find it incredible that they will sell these labelers for as much as they do and not include this $ 0.29 piece of plastic ! Judging from other comments on this forum some people do n't have a problem with this , but personally , I would suggest at looking elsewhere for a labeler
 This labeler would have been perfect if you could plug it into an outlet , or battery life was longer . Every feature is excellent . However , the battery life is maddeningly short . It seems like batteries only last one day , if not less . I do n't use it a lot - just for my home office , so it 's completely unacceptable . Seemingly every time I charge them , it works fine when I put them in , and next day batteries are dead .
 Just got this device yesterday . Had a problem immidiately because the print size would n't change despite my trying everything . Nothing in the manual addressed or corrected the problem . Called customer assistance and they were able to suggest a somewhat cryptic fix not described in the manual , but then acted as though this was n't a problem . They were not able to explain why this had happened in the first place or if/how often it would happen again . Worried this means I should expect more problems . Customer serive was rude and manual is not very detailed . No troubleshooting or FAQ .
 Bought the first one in 2006 . Usage is very low as we use it for labelling kids ' text books at the beginning of the year . Do n't know why the unit stopped working in 2008 . The Brother service centre said that the lifespan is considered good -LRB- give me a break ! -RRB- . As we have 4 rolls of tape , we decided to stick with the same brand and bought a 2nd unit shortly thereafter -LRB- not worth repairing the first unit -RRB- . The 2nd unit just died last month - the LCD showed gibberish running about and then it stopped functioning altogther . Changing batteries did n't work.In addition , the metallic blue and pink M-tapes became spotted with small black dots in about 2 years , rendering any printout unreadable . I give up !!
 The first machine I had would print in only one size . I had it replaced , and the second machine has the same problem .
 It is 28.99 at Office Depot - they probably mean 21.99 !!! But I have had one for a year and it no longer feeds the tape correctly -
 Amazon.com ought to add NONE to its star-rating levels . Yes , the Brother PT65 makes labels , but on the sheer fact that this electronic device is also purposely calibrated to generate excess blank tape , the product effectively becomes a ripoff . The manufacturer knows it , as does the hapless new user -- who soon finds himself or herself frequently buying outrageously expensive PT65 label cartridges . Print something at , say , `` SIZE4 , '' and you 'll get a half inch of blank tape on each side of your printout . That 's ONE INCH of wasted tape with each label , regardless of your label string count.And here 's a relevant aside for store and online buyers
 Have to agree with the previous reviewer . These Montblanc refills run out at the drop of a hat . I have both the black and blue versions and both of them have run out after 3 days or so of use . At first I thought it was just clogged with paper debris or an air bubble , but after several minutes of trying , the ink just will not flow again.These refills come with a little plastic end cap on them . I think you might need to store the refills -LRB- even the ones you are using in a pen -RRB- with the caps on in order to stop this dry out problemm but that 's a ridiculously impractical solution . You might as well buy a cheap ballpoint pen .
 Summary
 I am glad I bothered to read the reviews . I agree with the assertion that MB just makes cheap refills.I went trough a set of two refills in less than a year.Mind you , I only use it to write checks and for the last six months I 've been struggling to issue checks until the irritation just got to me . `` So now what '' I say ? Live with that ! I ca n't really say I will throw the beautiful pen away.besides , writing checks is going the way of casettes , so how many refills will I need ?
 This is the book that ships with the calculator ! You can buy both for substantially less then the price of this blatant rip off ! Shame on the seller , and shame on Amazon !
 I 'm looking at 140 people who bought and reviewed this item , while instead of buying 2 refills for $ 4 they could have purchased 12 `` whole '' G2 pens for $ 18 . Think about that . I payed $ 1.50 for my refills , but I had to go to the extra effort to unscrew and discard the actual pen that came with these refills to then fit the refills into pens I may have just discarded in the first place .
 This company should be protested for selling refills at this price . It is cheeper to buy the whole pens . They should be selling packs of 10 refills for this price .
 These refills have doubled in price since I purchased them less than six months ago . Why is the blue ink half the price?Now these refills cost more than the pens . What a waste .
 I love these pens . Only pen I use . So I came looking for refills , thinking it 's better for the environment , lower cost , etc. . I read the review about the refills costing more than the pen , and noticed the seller DID drop the cost of the refills to 80 cents apiece . But five dollars to ship ?!? All of a sudden my refills are almost three fifty apiece . I 'm sorry , but this seems excessive to ship something that 's already shrink wrapped and could -LRB- and probably will -RRB- be mailed in an envelope . I 'll look elsewhere .
 I love the ultra fine point of these refills , but I think the tips may just be too small . After about two weeks , both of the pens stopped working . The heads got clogged and I could n't use either of them . I now use the .05 pens and they 're great . They write about the same and the difference in the two is n't worth it for me .
 The price of these refills reveals its quality . It scratches the paper while writing . The original ones that came with my pen wrote smoother .
 This Kensington mouse pad definitely helps reduce my CTS pain , about as much as the Handstands Ergo-Mat Memory Foam mousepad which sells elsewhere on Amazon for the same price . I 've used both pretty heavily for a year now.HOWEVER , the Ergo-Mat still looks like new - and I mean absolutely just-unwrapped new . In contrast , this Kensington pad is ready for the trash , with the surface degrading and color gone at all wear points . Even the gel pad is sagging . If it was n't mine , I would n't touch it.And the layout is silly , with extra material off to the right where your hand will rarely go , and not enough area where it matters . This is continually annoying during use.So - whether or not the Handstands pad appeals to you , I 'd pass on this Kensington item . It 's way overpriced considering its poor quality . Kensington has sacrificed function for style , and you soon lose the latter because of the cheap materials . Typical big-company approach .
 This product cost WAY too much for what it does , which is Nothing ... I would not give my Okay on this item in anyway . It is too small and just does n't do what it stated it would do . Do n't get stuck with this item . .
 Wrist cushion is foam and therefor offers very little actual support . The pad itself began peeling apart after a few months of use . Cheap , but too expensive when a dollar or two more gets you something that lasts .
 As Kristie `` shoppe-a-holick '' said on March 18 , the product Amazon shipped is not what is seen in the picture . The picture shows a rectangular mouse pad with the padding along the bottom . The one Amazon actually sent is rounded to the right -LRB- see this link
 JUST TO CLARIFY , MY REVIEW OF THIS MOUSEPAD is the one offered through Amazon direct and NOT another merchant . It was being offered at $ 14.94 and now appears to be in the $ 16 range.I was disappointed to receive a mouse pad different than what I expected because it was not the one pictured . Amazon offered to send me a replacement but after checking the model numbers on the item page to the model number on the product package , I discovered they were the same and so I would only receive the same wrong product!After checking the item page today , I see they put in a message box that says an updated product is now available -LRB- which is still not the same as the one I received -RRB- but they are still using the wrong picture of the product -LRB- sort of rectangular shape with the padding across the bottom -RRB- . What I received was a Kensington mouse pad in sort of a rounded shape with a very awkwardly placed pad for a right-handed person -LRB- the padding is on the left giving an overall look of a kidney shape . I tried to configure it many different ways but with the pad where it is , it never felt right -RRB- . It was a hassle to have to return it . Plus I bought it -LRB- 1 . because I needed a larger mouse pad ... I already had one that was a rounded style , and 2 . because I also bought a Kensington mouse and so I bought both a pad and the mouse to receive a promotional discount Amazon was offering -RRB- . Now I 'm without a new pad so I 'm back to using the one I wanted to replace , and I imagine I 'll lose the promotional discount for returning one of the qualifying items.So , beware ! I 'm sure the one that is pictured would have worked out just fine but I 'm warning you that if that is the pad you want and are expecting , it may not be what you receive !
 They sent me the wrong color as they had the wrong description and SKU # next to the picture of the featured product . Instead of receiving a white telephone they shipped me a black phone . When I called customer service they said that they do not take calls over the phone and I would need to e-mail them and they would reply within 48 hours . I did this and the instructions were to ship them back the wrong item -LRB- at my expense -RRB- . Instead of issuing a credit , they then wanted to charge me again a second time to send out the correct color telephone . It would then take up to 30 days to issue the refund once they inspected the returned phone and all of the packaging would need to be in re-sale condition . This company has a horrible return policy as the problem was not my fault . Their on-line catalog had the error . Stay away . I ended up keeping the wrong color phone .
 On the page , it claims that this is a refill for the Lion Journal . It is not . It is about 2-3 inches smaller in length and width than the size of the journal currently inside of the Lion Journal cover . The dimensions given on the page are correct , but the description of the item is misleading -- it is much too small for any of the journals listed . Completely unuseable . Returned the item .
 Well , for all of you that do n't know , Toshiba cordless phones are made by UNIDEN . It has a different casing , but the internal circuits are entirely the same , so the quality is identical to the 2.4 GHz Uniden phones . One word to summarize the quality of this phone -- echo ! It echos like crazy , reminds me the early 900 MHz DSS phones . If you want a really good phone , go for Panasonic ... VTech make phones for a lot of brands , including AT&T . Heck , they owned the right to market phones under the AT&T brand . This applies to Sony and other name brands . I think the only company design and make their own phones is Panasonic . That 's why alot of the echoing or static problems appear phone after phone , because they are all made by Uniden , VTech , or a couple of Korean companies ...
 Piece of garbage . Horrible distance . reliability stinks , especially the buttons . Would definitley recommend not buying this phone , no matter what the cost .
 This phone -LRB- stinks -RRB- ... I bought it not even a year ago and its dead already . It was never dropped or abused in any way . It also suffered from feedback when I used the microwave -LRB- which my new cheapie 2.4 GHz GE colors phone doesnt suffer from : - / -RRB- I used to love Toshiba , oh wells ...
 Well , This phones works fine . The only problem is that there is no way to set the sound volume correctly . If you put it high it is to high or low it is to low . It just does not sound right at all . You have to strain to hear . It is too hard to hear . The distance will not beat my 25 channel phone 20 years old . Well , Anything is better than this . The only good sound 2.4 Gz I have seen is the G.E. Expensive 900dss are ok . What we need is to get Sanyo back in the U.S. not this phone .
 The phone is fairly convenient . The sound quality is good . However , when using the headset jack for hands-free operation , the transmitted volume -LRB- your voice as heard by your callers -RRB- is unacceptably low ; when tested with 2 different handsets that work fine with other corded and cordless telephones .
 I brought the SX-2980 coreless phone about a week ago . My experience with this phone is a great disappointment . I love everything about this phone except that I hear annoying echoes when I speak . Everyone in my family say they hear echoes . I read the troubleshooting section from the manual and from the toshiba website . There does n't seem to have a solution related to this problem . Interestingly on the toshiba website the mspr for the sx-2980 is . . -LSB- more -RSB- and the sx-2930 is . . -LSB- less -RSB- -LSB- they -RSB- sells the sx-2980 for -LSB- less -RSB- and the sx-2930 for -LSB- more -RSB- . I am wondering if this is a defected phone . Am I the only one experiencing this ? This phone is packed with features at a great price . But it failed on what matters the most which is clear sound quality .
 Great set of features , but the handset has a TERRIBLE echo , that feeds your own voice back to you in the earpiece , with just enough of a delay to be REALLY ANNOYING . Also , sometimes the echo cuts out for a second or so , and it makes you think the connection was dropped . I bought a Toshiba FT8980 instead , which is the same phone , but with 900 MHz . analog , instead od DSS , and it works great .
 My wife and I dislike two key functions of this phone . First , the answering device has very poor sound quality . No matter how clearly I enunciated , the greeting message would always sound dreadful . Second , there was a strange reverberating buzz every time I spoke . Changing the volume did not affect the buzz . I wonder these quality defects are correlated with the reduced price and the offer of free shipping ?
 The features on this phone are great , but there is an echo in the receiver that makes it intolerable . We sent it back .
 When I bought this phone for my home office , I was pretty excited about it . Its exterior is an attractive matte silver , the handset feels good in the hand , and has a nifty lighted keypad and screen that even tells you the length of your phone calls . However , this was the first cordless phone I 've ever owned whose sound quality on the other end -LRB- what 's received by the person to whom you 're talking -RRB- is so markedly poor that people commented on it . When my husband and I tested it out ourselves , we were horrified to discover that this phone is so unclear that it makes you sound like you have a lisp . Also , I never found a way to comfortably hold the handset next to my ear for extended periods of time . It 's possible our particular phone was a lemon , but unlikely ; we returned it immediately , and are trying our luck with the vtech2431 .
 I purchased this phone to replace my dead 900MHz phone . The phone is very attractive and a breeze to install . The phone had perfect clarity ... but the phone CAN NOT be used for long calling times . This is the perfect phone for a teenager ! The ear-piece is convexed w/o a recess for the ear canal area . This phone causes pain to the ear in less than 5 minutes . Both my wife and I avoided using the phone in favor for our very old analogue cordless . The phone was returned after 3 days of use.Try the fit of the phone out at a local retailer before you buy .
 Static is the best way to describe this phone and both of the other reviews are more than correct . These phones are in the rooms on military bases . Unfortunately this proves that they seem to give our great men and women that serve this country all the throw aways nobody else wants . let 's start treating them like the stars they are like the celebrities get please for they are true heros and deserve the best.God Bless America & the worldThank You
 Cheap phone . It has very dirty sound . Range is way under what is expected for a 900 MHz DSS phone . You get what you pay for .
 oh my lord what a piece of junk . so much background noise on both ends . just dont do it to yourself .
 You get only 12 pads . The Product description says , `` Ampad 20-204 . '' The description makes it seem like you 're getting 20 pads . I feel ripped off . I know , buyer beware , but I think they know full well what they 're doing . These are over priced . You can get them at Walgreens for .99 each and here they 're charge you nearly $ 16 for 12 .
 Serious problem . The volume buttons do not function properly . In the middle of a conference call on speakerphone , the volume goes straight to it highest settting . Pushing the down volume button does n't do anything . The reset option also does not work . However , sometimes it does work . I find that that this happens many many times . I really liked this phone until this unreliable feature is one . SO dissapointed , as I bought it for the speakerphone . May be a result of not using batteries as hinted at in the previous reviews . I am taking my phone back today . Ca n't anyone make a quality product anymore ? This is ridiculuous .
 My power cord has gone out within one month of getting the phone . It now eats up 1 battery every 2 days . It wo n't ring or the buttons do n't work unless it has power . I am having to send it back . I personally would n't buy this phone , but unfortunately , my corporate office did .
 I have many GE phones , and I have had the most problems with this one . I had to send in my first one for repairs , and they sent me a second one . I got the second one back , and it still did n't work . I am very disappointed in this product .
 My old GE phone was buggy , and the fix -- doing a re-set with batteries removed -- required me to restore the pre-sets at least a dozen times over a few years . So far , bugs plaguing this nice-looking and functionally rich replacement have caused me to lose the pre-sets twice in the three days I 've had it . There is no key-tone adjustment , so the phone beeps at you when you press a button to get a line , and it beeps some more when you punch in a 10-digit number . GE tech support said this is a bug , but they are wrong , since the replacement I picked up yesterday at Best Buy does the same thing . Also , I have been unable to wring the ringer and cross-talk bugs out of the two-line function . The problem is attributable to the fact that the input jacks for lines 1 & 2 require a 2-line coupler , rather than allowing the user to simply plug each of two wall lines into separate 1 & 2 phone-input jacks.The phone has decent heft and a nice finish , but the touch of the buttons is too firm for my taste . I am hoping GE 's tech support can resolve at least some of the bugs , since alternative choices in this category are relatively meager.RA
 I own several GE small appliances , including a couple of other GE phones , and have generally been happy with them . This seemed to be a good idea -LRB- a phone and digital answering machine in a single small unit -RRB- , but mine does not work . The telephone works , and callers can leave messages . But the unit wo n't record a new greeting , and the remote message access features -LRB- which are supposed to let you listen to your messages or operate the unit from a touch-tone phone -RRB- do not work at all . I returned mine for a ConairPhone `` call keeper , '' which has similar features .
 When we first installed the phone it worked great but after a month or so the ringer stopped working . The digital answering part of the phone worked intermittenly . Than the volume controls went haywire , one day it was very loud , the next it could hardly be heard.I like all the features and the price was low . But in this case maybe I should have bought a more expensive phone maybe it would work . Ya get what you pay for .
 I bought this phone less then a year ago and when I first began to use this phone it worked perfect , I could even use the phone untill the end of my street . I could go to the neighbors house and use my own phone , I could go get the mail , and there was no static at all , I could hear perfectly . Then not even a month with my new phone and I started noticing static when I would go to far from the base -LRB- like 2 houses over -RRB- which was never a problem previously . It just kept on getting worse . And know less than a year from when I purchased the phone , it is totally worthless ! The buttons barely work and to dial some of the numbers I have to push extremely hard . Everytime I step outside to get the mail or even just walking to my driveway , the static gets so bad that I ca n't even here the person on the other line . Then I have to hurry up to get closer to the base of the phone . It was a great phone when I first got it , so if you tend to buy a new phone every three months or so , then this is a good phone but it just does n't last . So if you want a phone that will work great for long period than I do n't recommend this phone , because this is not that kind of phone.I hope that my review helped anyone that may be considering this phone
 If you value your time on the phone like I do you would not buy this phone . I made a grave error on the day when I purchased it . I have had this phone for about a year and it is terrible . If I leave the phone on the charger for a weekend or a week while I 'm out of town and I come home and have a good dish session with my girls -LRB- about two hours -RRB- my phone is dead . My phone dies at least 50 times a day . I do n't even have to tell my friends anymore they can tell when my phone is going to the graveyard . All I have to say about this phone is R.I.P
 Well , I got this phone for $ 50 . It was a good buy . Well , I did not plan to use the caller Id but I found that the display would not come on hardly at all without it . I am not sure the Caller Id works since I do not plan to use it . Well the display worked one time only . So I have no way to turn off the ringer . The sound quality is good . The distance is less than my 900mz At & t mainly because it has a out of range warning that makes you stop . There is no buss in the phone but sometimes music on the other side comes and goes . It seems ok on phone calls . Over all it is a good phone but It waste a lot of power and I am not sure if it is just not working right . The sound is ok though . It is hard to find a good phone though .
 I bought one of these but ultimately returned it . While itdoes make an OK telephone , the feature that I primarily wanted , a back-lit display , is n't there ! The LCD screen is just asimpossible to read in low light as any other LCD that otherreviewers have noted . Buy this for the speakerphone , but bewarned , it does NOT have a back-lit display .
 I purchased this item and had it in my home for a few weeks and after it had been dropped a few times the wire shorted out on the speaker part of the headset . Unfortunatly I can not replace just the headset part , seems I would have to purchase a whole new phone . I also have attempted to go to the GE homepage and could not find this item for replacement parts .
 This item is very easy to use just dont let the key pad fall from your belt too many times . The headset easily shorts out . I have n't even had it a month before the headset shorted out
 We have had the phone for over two years -LRB- puts us in the minority -RRB- . I will not try to tell stories about being an engineer or a sales consultant for large phone corporations . I will just say that I worked with electronics for over 37 ears . With that out of the way , here are the comments on this phone . SPEND ... MORE and get a phone that will last for more than a year . Battery life is short , about 30 minutes . Be sure and let the batteries drain completely once a month or the recharge will be useless . Try to find a replacement battery . I did after emailing several companies . The model number of the battery does n't even show up in search engines . The replacement battery is not made by the OEM ... . The beltclip allows the phone to fall , -LRB- be sure and catch the phone or it will try to pull the hardwired cord out of the box -RRB- . -RSB- GE builds great locomotives , not phones .
 The phone had been dropped just a couple of times & fell off the waist of my pants and after a week since the purchase the microphone of the headset stopped working . The unfortunate thing is we can not change just the headset we would have to replace the whole phone altogether . I went to the GE website and could not find the phone or replacement parts . I will never purchase this phone again . I ended up ordering a different brand with the option to replace just the headset , if need be .
 Orderd on Sep 2 said two three days deliver today is 10th and have not received merchandise . Shipper in same state as me . . dont look like I will get merchanside either
 I bought this and had to refund it because I had to keep pressing the `` change channel '' button in order to hear the calling party 's voice . It 's very inconvenient . I think they deduct some shipping cost from me when I refund , but it 's better than keeping it because it 's useless to me
 I received this phone and opened the box and found the antenna chewed on and something spilled or spit on the handset . I am totally disgusted with this . I contacted the seller and he/she wrote back a very rude email and told me not to waste their time . I sure hope Amazon can help me get my money back . Never again will I order a product from a private seller . Buyer beware is all I can say . Used products are one thing , but to sell a product that has been chewed on YUCK !!!!!
 When it arrived , I was disappointed in how difficult it was to see the phone LCD display -LRB- no back light , no contrast control -RRB- . I change the greetings remotely , and after about one month , this feature ceased to function . After going through the proper channels , which means many long distance phone calls to California , Casio approved returning it to them for repair . I shipped it back , and in only another five weeks , it came back . Now it does not work at all . After speaking to Casio again -LRB- more long distance calls to California -RRB- , they are encouraging me to continue to unplug it and re-set it all weekend , and on Monday they might approve my returning it again.Meanwhile , I have purchased a Uniden for less money , which works flawlessly.I will NEVER purchase another Casio product ; anyone can make a lemon , but it takes a truly bad company to fail to correct their mistakes .
 I have been very disappointed with my Casio phone experience . The first one I bought was returned in less than 30 days due to mal-function . I was given a second one . It lasted only a few months , working only fairly well . Now , it also has mal-functioned . I have contacted Casio 's help line -LRB- after MUCH difficulty -RRB- , only to be told to unplug it and see what happens . I followed instructions and it remained dead as a `` door nail . '' I finally became completely disgusted , unpluged the phone and put it aside to be placed in the garbage . Now , I must buy a new phone and I can assure you that it will not be a Casio ! Buyers beware !
 DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE ! Hard to hear , fuzzy . Very short headset battery life -LRB- JUST A FEW HOURS -RRB- and the unit wo n't ring or record messages if the headset battery is low . So you ca n't carry this one around the house , take to the garage or yard for very long , that 's very annoying.The unit goes bonkers when there is a power outage -LRB- all it 's light begin to flash . -RRB- If that happens , the unit wo n't ring and wo n't record messages until reset . Resetting is n't easy either . A simple turn off-turn back on to reset would have been a nice . Even changing the day/time is n't easy.The positive is the moden intercept . If you have a single line phone and you accidently pick up phone or are receiving a fax you wo n't ruin your internet/fax connection . Other phones wo n't allow you to pick up by mistake thus ruining you internet/fax in progess . If you want to walk around while talking this is fine . It even has a jack for a earphone/microphone and that works great . Just remember to put the phone back in the charger and keep it there when not in use.One day this one will go sailing out the window . Then I have to buy a new phone , fix a broken window , and endure a tongue lashing from the wife.DON ' T buy it either new or used .
 Mine did not last even the year . After a lot of calls , I learned the Uniden warranty service would have ended up costing me almost as much in fees and inflated shipping than I paid for the phone.I think they make more in warranty and shipping charges than they do on selling the phone.In the trash .
 BUYER BEWARE My experience with amazon.com and ejcelectronics was not at all good.After 30 days and several emails and phone calls the purchase was finally refunded.I will never do buisness with amazon.com again they never fully made me feel like they were activley involved in helping me with my problem.All i can say is read the fine print on amazon.com website cause if you have a problem with a buisness your on your own.Their A-Z guarantee is a joke , its just a big waiting game telling you to contact the vender 1 on 1 . Hope this helps you in making another choice . . thank you
 I use this phone system throughout my house and wanted to add another phone . Unfortunately , the base refused to recognize the new unit .
 unable to return due to no returned emails . . cant be herd by calling party
 THE PHONE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE ADD ON CAPABLE FOR 4 PHONES THE UNIT DID NOT HAVE A CHANNEL 1 ONLY 2 3 & 4 THIS PREVENTED A 4TH PHONE ADD ONOTHER THAN THAT IT WORKS FINE
 Having owned many Uniden products in the past , I did n't hesitate to buy the 3 set version of this phone . Sadly , one of the handsets would cut out intermittently and read `` OUT OF RANGE '' . It was obviously defective as the other 2 units worked perfectly at much longer ranges . I was lazy and waited until about 3 months before the end of the 1 yr warranty to contact them . They ran me in circles for the 3 months and then told me my phone was out of warranty and that I would have to buy a new one . Not likely . A quick email to the local BBB motivated them to replace my handset which I am still waiting on . Thanks BBB , never again Uniden .
 I ordered this product for my mother 's birthday because I have the base unit as my bedroom phone and she kept using it because the house cordless was slowly going . It really made me aggravated that it was never in my room and that she was always using it . I knew they made extentions , so I finally bought one . When she got it and set it all up , it did n't work ! You could hear the person that was calling you or that you were calling but THEY COULD N'T HEAR YOU ! I figured that it was the ear piece volume that was either low or broken . It must have been the broken , because I could n't find the volume for the handset ear piece volume ! And believe me , I DID read the intruction manual ! WORST MONEY EVER SPENT ! I 'm not saying the product is bad ... it very well could 've been the place that was selling it through Amazon that sucks .
 Purchased this unit -LRB- 2 phone system -RRB- 3 weeks ago at W-mart for a little bit more money ... needed it in a pinch . Although it has some fairly nice features for the price , it has performed poorly . Although there is no static , both phones produce an echo when the volume is raised past 50 % . Friends say they also hear the echo on their end when calling me . The other problem is when the speaker phone is used , the sound cuts in and out , making it sound like a bad cell phone call . I 'm on Amazon now , looking for a replacment .
 When I received the board it was all broken , and now I do n't even know where I can send it back , I could n't even give it as the gift I wanted it for , I 'm very upset .
 Yeah ... this product did not work with my computer . I installed the program from the TI website , tried plugging in the calculator to the computer , and it said it was incompatible with my OS . -LRB- XP -RRB- :-LRB- It 's a pity because I really would have liked to be able to update my calculator via computer .
 Although the graph link cable is excellent in principle , mine did not deliver as advertised . My computer/calculator interface was sporadic -- sometimes it worked properly , sometimes it did not . Further , the CD-ROM that came with the cable was , in my opinion , of poor quality and was not user friendly ; the help section was particularly disappointing . Finally , I found the TI internet resources for the cable to be substandard as well , with customer support being particularly inadequate . After visiting their site , I felt as though they needed some competition to help motivate product quality ... . In conclusion , the TI grphics calculators are fantastic , but their accouterments need some improvement .
 TI never made any improvement using the serial port connection , hardware or software . Need to do a lot of fiddling with the computer before getting the device to connect . But if you desperate , you need to buy this , just because there 's no substitute .
 Loved it while it lasted , but droped it and it stoped working
 I recently bought this thinking I could use it to upgrade my TI-86 calculator . To my surprise I heard it was incompatible with XP . I supposed the worst that could happen is that it would n't work . As soon as I recieved the Cable it said to go to the website ... so I went and updated the software specific to my calculator . After the installation it asked me to restart . After the restart I immediatly recieved a Blue Screen of death and luckily windows XP found out it corrupted a file in the registry and fixed it but were it not for that I would have to do a format . I have not fully installed it yet as now I have started backing up everything as a just in case scenerio however i warn users that when buying this product be cautious as this is not 100 % XP compatible and may mess up your system .
 After reading the description before buying , I thought that this might be just what I wanted . Not so . Instructions are not too clear , and the display sucks . You have to hold it a certain position to be able to see the display to do anything . It is supposed to have a backlit display , and it does , but what a joke . You can hardly tell the difference between backlit and not backlit . I have had other Royal electronics before and was very satisified . Not so with this . I really expected a whole lot more from Royal .
 I work from home and needed to replace my office chair - I ordered this one because it looked like it would help my back when I sat for long periods -LRB- and I do n't like the arms on office chairs - they seem to get in the way of my typing -RRB- It was very simple to assemble - it only took about 5 minutes . The quality is not good ... the back keeps coming loose and it does n't really give me any support . I was dissapointed in my purchase . It 's not much different than the $ 30 chairs you can purchase at Walmart ...
 It folds up to fit in very small spaces which makes it great to store in a closet , or hanging in a garage . Unfortunately to allow it to fold has compromised it 's integrity for items over 50 lbs . It 's rated for 150 , but I 'm sure it will break if I try that.I attempted to move an apartment sized oven , which is about 50-60 lbs , and it creaked when I tried to lean the oven back . It rested very unstably on the cart . I was afraid of breaking the cart and dropping the oven , I ended up just carrying the oven by hand -LRB- it was that light -RRB- . Get it if you only want to move small items , maybe a few boxes of paper or something . If you need more durability , you 're going to have to spend more .
 This thing is conceptually designed extremely well . It folds up into almost nothing . However , the lip needs to be longer , and the wheel housings need to be made of metal . I had mine for one day before it broke , carrying a couple boxes . It claims it can transport up to 150 lbs , but the plastic wheel holders snapped with 50lbs tops on the dolly . Would love to buy it again if they can fix these major flaws .
 I used one to haul photo equipment on location . There are critical parts that are load bearing which are made of plastic . The cart lasted for three photo shoots . The design is OK and it is a decent quality but light duty item . Wheels are pretty undersized for the application . It is worth the price , but I ca n't recommend it for any serious hauling .
 After all of the glowing reviews , I picked up one of these with high expectations . Unfortunately , the wheel placement results in a center of gravity that makes it unusable and unmanageable for small heavy loads - will be returning to the big box store from whence it came .
 There is no way that this is made for up to 150 lb , it 's more like for up to 70 pounds . I use this at work and when I put one box with files in it , it feels like it has reached its max . When I put two boxes , it 's so unstable and joint is so wiggly that I am afraid it 's going to break at any second . I would not recommend this product .
 While it 's true that this hand truck can handle 150 lbs , it has two major flaws that made me regret buying it . First of all , the handle bar is too low for me . I 'm not THAT tall -LRB- 5 ' 11 '' -RRB- . But it 's extremely inconvenient to move around if you have to either hold it with your fingertips , or bend over . Particularly if you actually reach the load limit.Second , because of its cute folding mechanism , the item is naturally pretty weak . Do n't try to move a heavy load down the step in your entrance , for example . Sooner or later you are going to inflict structural damage on the hinges where it folds . Mine simply broke one day.To sum it up , this is only recommended as a backup hand truck for smaller jobs around the apartment or house .
 I am a musician and I carry my guitar amps with these.I have two of these . Both have the same problem - one of the wheel gets stuck and you ca n't unfold it . When you do it 's crooked and there 's nothing you can do about it . It would n't unfold on it 's own either - you have to flip it out and hold it as you open the whole thing.I am also tall -LRB- 6 ' 5 -RRB- and the handle is short for me.I 've had these for about 18 months now and use them on daily basis . Not sure there 's a better alternative so until they completely fall apart I am stuck with 2 half working hand trucks .
 Because I have osteoarthritis and walk with a cane , I bought this to transport items too heavy or to large to carry easily . First time I tried this cart , I had difficulty wrapping oddly-shaped , soft items with bungee cords because there was not enough places to attach the cords , plus the bottom area was hard to reach underneath a box on the cart . The worst part was trying to tip the cart back , a real struggle with the wheels positioned in back rather than under the bottom shelf . Once the cart was back far enough to roll , it kept slipping flat again . Going down stairs was a trial , and then , halfway up the block , one soft , though heavy , bag of garbage and cat litter slipped out of the cords and on to the sidewalk . I ended up dragging that bag with one hand to the garbage area , while trying to wheel the cart and hold onto my cane with the other hand . The cart and the remaining box of recycled paper tipped over sideways going down the one stair to the garbage area . Even though this did not work for me , a woman on the street stopped me to ask where I found this . Presumably , she is young and agile enough not to have the same problems as I did .
 Imagine my shock when , the first time I used my new MagnaCart , I lost significant portions of both my top front teeth ! I was setting a second box on top of one I 'd already placed on the cart . When I put the second box down , the cart 's handle whipped forward , broke my teeth , and gave me a fat lip.So be careful , MagnaCart users ! Do n't let what happened to me happen to you .
 I bought this a couple weeks ago for moving some household stuff . first of all , I would n't even try to use move a heavy load . this one is made very weak . i doubt this one hold 150 Lb . at most this can be used for occasional moving of a box of soda can , something like that .
 Unfortunately I am unable to review this item due to the fact that it was stolen from my front door . I have yet to set eyes on it .
 I got this cart as a gift and broke it on it 's first day of use . I made sure that I never loaded more than about 100 lbs on it -LRB- it 's rated for 150 lbs -RRB- . The problem is not how much you can push with it , but getting it to tilt back with a heavy load without bending the rods in the back -LRB- which are very cheap and thin -RRB- . Once the back is bent it will no longer collapse down . The back is also not very high , which means for a heavy load you have to tilt it back very far and lean down as you walk.I did appreciate the maneuverability of the wheels and how small it collapsed down . I think that if you are looking for something to use every once in a while to move small things , the Magna Cart will work fine , but if you want something that you can use on a regular basis for loads of more than 50 lbs , this will break in no time flat .
 At first use of the MagnaCart the folding mechanism stuck in the open position . On the second use of the MagnaCart the handle separated from the frame causing the 20 lb . load to tumble down the stairs . This cart is a WORTHLESS . I could not be more displeased .
 This hand truck is way TOO SHORT and the wheels are TOO FAR BACK that it causes this hand truck to try and UP-RIGHT itself while pushing it ... You have to use too much energy trying to keep the hand truck TILTED BACK , so it really does n't make the job much easier.If they make this hand truck about a FOOT taller to compensate for the WHEEL placement , or move the wheels forward , that would make BALANCING your load much better so not to have to FIGHT with this hand truck to keep it TILTED BACK while pushing . . Btw , I 'm UNDER 6 feet tall -LRB- 5 ' 9 -RRB- , so my saying that it needs to be taller is NOT so to match my `` TALL '' height.This hand truck is simply poorly designed and does n't allow a person to BALANCE the WEIGHT unless you BEND OVER while you are pushing it.I would NOT recommend this product , it 's NOT worth the money ! , , and I 'm usually NOT this critical of the items I purchase .
 We had three of these handtrucks at my work . All three broke within three months.There are two main problems , the first is the telescoping handle . This part broke on all three trucks . The second problem is the light duty linkage on the flip down tray . After about 1 week of using the product it is clear that this product is not meant to be used . The force that is needed to push the tray down is incredible.So for me , if I bought another of these I would expect it to last 3 to 6 weeks , then it would be broken and in need of replacement . I do not think that this product is worth buying , I know my purchase was a mistake .
 I placed an order for borderless photo paper , received an incorrect item the first time and the second time . I had to canceled the order after that . The web side shows one picture , they ship another . Very dissapointed !!!
 The item description said there were fasteners with compressors . There were fasteners but no compressors . The item was returned to Amazon .
 I got 2 of those devices few months ago and im still have problem with configuration.There is a problem with drop the channels after the users hang up the calls , the Channel still opened and the users are not able to use . You have to disconnect the channels manually , and that makes really hard job as you do n't know who 's is connected on this channel or not . There are few options on the configuration software to force drop the channel but seems not working . Another bad Point is the User Manual , very incomplete and if is the first time you 're installing this product , Good Luke for you ! the manual wo n't help you . The Multitech tech . Support service as well , is one of the worse I ever seen , and Im not sure if that really works or not as I tried many times be in touch with then to help me solve my problem , but even in UK or America , I could not talk with anyone . I was waiting 17 min on hold waiting for someone in America without any success . Was really big mistake to purchase this device , I really should go for a Cisco , or another more professional company . I would not recommend this device .
 When you print on these , the heat from the laser printer seems to cause the paper to go light grey all over . This is a splotchy grey that is not printer haze but some reaction with the heat . I 've tried it on 3 different printers and all get the same reaction . To test , I also ironed a sheet quickly and it turned the same splotchy grey ... NOT worth the $
 BEWARE - description is misleading - this is NOT vellum paper at all . It is cardstock in ivory color but the product was lumped in with other vellum paper stock so seemed a good price . Very misleading - it is CARDSTOCK not see-through VELLUM stock . Also arrived in 2 shipments and one shipment was badly torn when received .
 I 'm looking for a decent PC mike and this is n't it . I have all volumes -LRB- mike record -RRB- and output turned all the way up and have to put the mike 3 inches from my face to get a decent recording . If I set it on the desk where its 8 inches from my face , I get a very week recording . I thought this would be better because the package says the mike is amplified but not very much . So what is the perfect PC mike ? Anyone have any sugestions ?
 This product matches others I have and looks very sleek , but it 's card handling is not the best , and as another reviewer said , it can be difficult to close the lid . Mine fell and broke so I relaced it with a more functional file , albeit less good looking .
 This card file arrived on time , but after I put even a few cards in it , it wo n't close . Looks like I 'll just have to throw it away .
 I bought this to replace my filing cabinet , which had gotten quite worn . Overall , I probably would n't buy this again , but it will do for a few years.First , let me echo the other reviewers
 Ordered the paper for printing my own wedding invitations . The weight was nice but the color is not Ivory . It 's much more dark and yellow than a true Ivory . I uploaded a picture of the product next to a white index card and an ivory envelope for comparison purposes . Returned the product for that reason .
 I am not in the paper industry , and I do not know if there is a color standard for `` ivory '' , but this ivory color did not match any of the other ivory colors from other manufacturers , though all the other manufacturers matched each other.also , arrived with a torn wrapper , and dog-eared corners , making it totally unusable .
 On the package it says 3 X 5 postcard size paper . We thought it was describing the size of the paper which we wanted for prints . However , it was 3 X 5 postcard stock which was a little deceiving . WE will use it but it is not what we wanted .
 Product quanity make this a bad buy for this printer , cost per print . The Cannon KP-36IP is a poor purchase that I made with my printer , which has 36 paper/cartridge set . I followed Amazons recomendations and will not do that again.KP-108IN is by far a better buy and would recomend this instead , because you get 3 times the product -LRB- 108 sheets & 2 catridges -RRB- for less than twice the cost of KP-36IP .
 I bought this product a few years ago . Aside from a problem with static the base unit and handsets work satisfactorily . The static could have had something to do with some other equipment located nearby . I do wish the handsets had a power saver mode -LRB- could be turned off -RRB- . Overall I found the unit sufficient despite various flaws.A few days ago an auto accident knocked out power to the area I live in . After a five minute complete outage the power came back at a low level -LRB- florescent lights worked but devices that needed more power did n't -RRB- . The base unit was on a power conditioner -LRB- versus cheap surge protector -RRB- but when the power came back the base unit just rebooted itself continually and the handsets could n't connect to it except for the split second it was running before it rebooted again . I looked on the Internet and found similar complaints -LRB- that after a electrical sag -LRB- brownout -RRB- the base unit would continually reboot -RRB- . I can fool with it and get it into what appears to be a maintenance mode interface , but without some idea what commands to give it to reset I 'm stuck . I emailed the Uniden tech support center and two days later they sent me an email saying it was broken and included a link to a page to buy a new base unit -LRB- uh ... yeah right -RRB- . There is also a similar Panasonic unit in the house and it had no such problems with the outage and in general works quite well . This is the second high priced -LRB- $ 150 + -RRB- Uniden telephone product I have personally owned that has proven to be poorly designed in the end -LRB- always seems like software problems -RRB- . This base station obviously needs a reset button . I plan to replace the TRU8885 with a Panasonic in the next couple days . My advice to anyone that has a -LRB- working -RRB- TRU8885 is that if you have a UPS for your computer try plugging it into that because the UPS should n't expose the devices plugged into it -LRB- the battery powered receptacles -RRB- to electrical sags , that will also keep it running during a power outage so your phone still works .
 I added a 3rd handset to this system and it worked for a little while and then all of a sudden the handsets were dying even though they were on the charger . The light on the charger would only sometimes light up , and when it did it just died out shortly after and the phone lost all of it 's charge .
 I tried this system for two days . Several times when I tried to answer a call the handset would say `` Connecting ... '' for 30 seconds or a minute before I could talk on the call . Other times when I was 15 feet across the room from the base station the handset would say `` out of range '' . If you push the `` Talk '' button again while the handset is connecting with the base it hangs up the call.Also , you can not use the intercom feature with the speaker , which was annoying .
 As reported by the other reviewer , the base of my phone reboots every few calls . So people hang up and do n't leave messages because it takes too long for the answering machine to pick up . Or it takes an annoying long amount of time to get a dial tone as you wait for the base to reboot . I thought I was getting a good deal on this phone from Costco . Boy was it a mistake !
 If you are looking for a phone that only works 1 of 10 times this is the phone for you . It will go into a mode of saying `` Answering '' and it is definitely is n't answering . You must unplug and disconnect the phone line from the jack to reset it . Also , when you try to make an outgoing call it says `` Connecting '' and maybe two minutes later you will get a dial tone . DO NOT BUY this phone , I plan to return it ...
 My handset is placed back on the charger every time I 'm not on the phone and still it only has a 19 minute battery life for a call . This is the second battery that this phone has had and I do n't plan on buying another one for it . Stay away at all costs !
 This tape is touted as being able to repair plumbing among other things . I used it to seal some fittings on a shallow-well pump and it tore loose within a week.It would probably be good to wrap tool handles when they become splintery but I will not depend on this product to bail me out of a jam .
 I had a chance to use this , this past weekend on a underground water pipe with a leak . I shut off the water clean the dirt off and did a double wrap . Waited about 5 min and turned on the water and it leaked under the edges .
 I received this as a Christmas gift . I have replaced the batteries 4 times already , the last time was one week after new batteries were put in . That brings me to the big problem , everytime I have replaced the batteries I have had to reset the unit . The screen went blank , the print was half gone and now there 's a big black spot at the bottom of the screen . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 You will NOT be happy with this ! This is incredibly buggy on both the hardware and software side . Royal will NOT respond to your inquiries for help with this product -LRB- they say they will , but trust me on this one -RRB- . The picture you see is n't even the DV2 , it 's the DV4 . If you must buy a Royal PDA , get the DV4 , but you will be frustrated and disappointed if you get this one . Run , do n't walk , from this item !
 An OK calculator for the price . But as a previous reviewer noted , the display can be viewed only at low angles . I 've used a lot of calculators , but none like this !!
 I found the view screen very difficult to read . If the calculator was not held at a certain angle , I could n't see the numbers at all.Don ' t know if they are all this way or maybe mine was defecive - it was out of it 's wrapper when I recieved it . Also , this was my first scientific calculator and I found the directions rather confusing . I returned it for credit with no hassle .
 I brought over the summer for Fall math class did not need to use until September . Did not look broken in package , but calculator does not work LED cutting off numbers or incomplete numbers . Too late to return.Sharp EL-506VB DAL Series Twin-Powered Scientific Calculator
 I bought the calculator for a science class . I can only give 1 star for it because :1 -RRB- In my package the calculator and menu fell out from an opened plastic case . It seemed to me I had received a used product . This was not really an issue to me if it would work well but ,2 -RRB- the screen dim significantly after I turned the power on . The problem existed even after I let it receive some sun shine to recharge . I had to turn the calculator with a specific angle so that I can read the digits on the display . The problem was likely due to its shorten battery life -LRB- because it was used before ? -RRB- . This was also tolerable since the price was so cheap and I might buy a new battery for it but ,3 -RRB- the display could n't show digits properly after I turned on the calculator for a third time . Part of the screen began to display nothing.That 's how I got really pissed off by it and ordered another model from a local store .
 By the way , as of this writing , the picture on Amazon for the dual-powered version of this calculator is NOT the correct picture.Sure , this calculator does lots of really neat stuff . It would be impossible to give a rating based on the features . either it does what YOU need it to do , or it does n't , like any other tool.However , I can rate subjectively , and this thing is subjecting my head to a ROYAL headache !! The LCD viewing angle has been designed so that you only get good contrast when viewing it at a very weird angle - exactly the WRONG angle if you are in a room with overhead lighting or brightly colored walls . In order to get good contrast you must be looking at the LCD screen at such an angle as to make the LCD screen and the curvy faceplate reflect overhead lights , the ceiling , the walls , etc. . If you attempt to view the LCD screen head-on in an attempt to reduce these inevitable reflected light sources , and so that the characters on the screen are not stretched due to exaggerated perspective , or so that the buttons actually face your torso so they can be easily pushed -LRB- god forbid -RRB- the characters appears extremely -LRB- !! -RRB- dim . That is , the `` contrast '' is set all wrong , and I have n't found any way to fix it -LRB- a technology that was mature for hand-helds in the 1980s -RRB- . Now , if there is a way to fix the LCD contrast and I 'm just ignorant about it , I 'll gladly take the egg on the face to fix it and get rid of my headache . But I doubt it.Then there 's the hard cover . Like so many other calculators these days , it comes with a nasty hard plastic cover that increases the thickness by 30 % , and also increases the width a bit . And of course to go without the hard cover leaves you with nothing at all for protection . The soft cover some other calculators come with is thinner , lighter , and takes less PLASTIC to construct . But as we see all too often in thousands of OTHER made-in-China products , the more plastic you can get the consumer to buy and carry around , the `` better '' ... or something.So , just like most calculators , the hard plastic cover ` works ' but sucks and should be a separately purchasable option . And this perverted LCD viewing angle is almost prohibitively uncomfortable and the inability to adjust is beyond asinine.These are SUCH EASY THINGS TO FIX - it 's ridiculous that Sharp would put so much excellent functionality into such a miss-the-mark package . Where 's QA on this ?!? Made in China .
 The calculator may not have been new as the package was unsealed . The battery is weak and the numbers show poor contrast.Prolonged exposure to light did not help . I would definitely not recommend this seller . I was too busy to return this item . So I lost out . Fortunately the item was not too expensive .
 I 've owned this pen for 8 months . It writes nicely and looks good . It does n't get a lot of use -- once or twice a week . It is not , however , a quality item . On delivery it would n't write . I asked the selling firm for a new refill , which was sent promptly . Now the pocket clip has fallen off and it appears it ca n't be replaced or repaired by the user . Sadly , my near-new Waterman pen is heading for the dustbin . I 'll buy another brand of decorative pen that looks good in photographs -LRB- a key attribute for the use I put it to -RRB- .
 Seems like a fine phone , except how can you design a speakerphone with no mute ? Useless for working at home in long meetings !!!!!
 I bought 2 of these phones and 1 has a short in it . I tried to return it per the vendor 's instructions , which was to call the manufacturer with no success . I called several times and was instructed to leave a voice mail , which was never returned . I finally called Amazon who had to intercede to get my refund . The second phone does seem to be working properly at least .
 Features were fine for what it was used for . Got it as a backup phone for my mother when the power is out which is often . Installed in the laundry it worked fine the first year but was literally only used a half dozen times as the house is vacant 6 months a year . 2nd . year it started giving a little static when used but we thought it was bad phone lines . It finally crashed our whole phone system because of the feedback which was fixed immediately after this unit was unplugged . Ca n't recommend this phone .
 I rec 'd damaged merch . I got no response from vendor after sending 2 letters asking for credit or return authourization , nothing still.POOR Customer Service !
 I just got this phone and was very dissapointed . The visual ring indicator is nowhere to be found . The `` redial '' does not work half of the time . You also need to know that the caller ID does not light up like many other phones do , so it is very hard to see . To be fair , You can hear very clearly and the buttons are easy to use . There is also no memory dialing whatsoever , so keep that in mind if you were expecting that . I really hate having to give a bad review , but I expected alot more from a `` BELL '' telephone . I just wanted my friends out there to be able to make an informed decision . Hope this helps .
 Item arrived promptly but the shipping and handling charge was out of this world , over $ 9 . I will not be ordering anything else from this company again due to their outrageous shipping fees . The item I ordered weighed less than a half ounce .
 I would not recommend using this or any adhesive to mend torn clothing . It really can not repair tears in material as well as needs to be for the article of clothing to be useful again ... throw away the clothes and buy new ones .
 I used this product on a torn pants pocket . It was messy to use and the it was hard to put the adhesive in the right places to repair the torn pocket . The end result was not satisfactory . The adhesive was not in the right position to close off the hole only so part of the untorn pocket got glued as well . Also , the glue did not hold after it dried . When I put my hand into the pocket and applied a little pressure the adhesive started to give . I was very unsatisfied with this product . Maybe it would work better with another type of tear .
 pretended to be leather but it is plastic !! much over priced for a simple plastic unit.size is also problematic to find the filler .
 the company sells two main products for this area , dark color and light colors ... for dark color is basically a sticker that you print , and peel , then iron on , printout on front , peeled side back sticking to shirt ; for light , it is printed in reverse , no peeling , you iron the printed side directly to the shirtin theory , great idea , but one thing is they should first rename the products , dark should be simply iron on stickers , and light should be iron on transparent print out ; because that ` s really what you are doing ... if you printed an image with a white background , and let ` s say you iron this to a light green shirt , then background would stay white for DARK , and be transparent for the LIGHT product . . hope this is making senseanyways , the reason for the horrible rating is because the LIGHT product bleeds ink after the first wash , and everything is cracked and crinkled ; i looked online , tried everything , called support , they were cool , sent another package to try again ; ok , so i take my ruined shirt and try the back side this time , iron it on , looks great , let it sit one day , wash inside out , comes out cracked and bleeding b4 i decide to hang dry or tumble drysave your money , get the DARK product , its more expensive , but it works
 Ok , 1st make sure you have a good INK jet printer not a laser . 2nd , make sure you have enough ink if you have a picture or back round in your print . Not everyone has a good enough ink jet printer for this product . I had to use my friends printer and buy her new ink when I was done . Thought I was going to save money doing it myself , but really did n't after all my time , frustation , and buying lots of ink . Good luck . It works if all goes `` perfect '' .
 These are horrible ! They appear to look great and go on nice , but if the shirt fabric is wrinkled , creased - basicallt used - the transfer cracks and peels . Someone please post a brand they 've had good luck with , because these are worthless and waste your time and an otherwise good shirt . ZERO stars .
 These are awful . I 've used another brand 's iron-on transfers before with no problem . These not only made all the whites in the design yellow-ish , but they fell apart on the first wash - even turning them inside out .
 I purchased these so that I could add a very simple design onto our infants shirt for family Christmas photos . Any movement whatsoever that disturbs the transfer area and causes wrinkles to appear on the surface followed by cracks and peeling . I made 2 shirts , both of which were destroyed within 60 seconds.If the transfer can not last 2 minutes on a calm infant , how in the world does it stand a chance of having any longevity under normal conditions or in the wash ?
 I brought this to a professional printer who told me that he no longer works with inkjet printers , since they are old . So I tried it myself , and it just peeled and cracked . I ruined up two pieces , and am now stuck with the rest . I definitely used a different company at some point which worked great , but I can not remember which . Do not use this if you are not sure it will work for you !
 I purchased this product to make iron on transfers for the aisle runner for my wedding , pictures of my fiance and I over the years leading to our `` I DO '' I just printed -LRB- or attempted to print -RRB- my pictures and words for my aisle runner . The are crackled and horrible . All the ink is flaking off . It 's terrible . I will be sending Amazon a message to get my money back !
 I purchased a couple packs of the Avery light t-shirt transfer packs to customize our girl scout troop t-shirts for a huge event we would be attending . We even choose to put our design on the t-shirt from the event to help make us stand out . Because I had never used this product before I chose to do a sample test on an old t-shirt . I followed all the directions including pre-washing , applying pressure for the recommended time , cooling time , etc. . My sample came out marvelously , so I preceeded to printout and place our designs on 21 shirts . I had no issues getting the transfers to stick or even getting the paper off . However , After wearing the shirts in hot tempatures the designs started pealing off and on a few the ink from the transfer bled . I 'm extremely disappointed and angry that we spent all this money purchasing shirts and transfer sheets , only to have them completely ruined by the use of this product . What makes me sick is our event shirts are ruined and are unable to replace these special keep sake shirts . I would recommend spending the extra dollars having your graphics screen printed . The money and memories lost from using this product just is n't worth it .
 This product takes forever to adhere to the fabric with the iron then it does not peel easily at all . It took over an hour just to get a feel for where the backing separates from the transfer . When it actually does peel off successfully , the image never lasts long or survives a washing .
 I pre-washed my shirt . I tested my art by printing it out on a plain sheet of paper before using the iron-on sheet . The iron-on sheet came out looking great ! I followed the instructions to transfer the image , and again , everything went perfect and looked great.The trouble came when I washed the shirt . The transfer did not survive . It came out of a gentle wash cycle looking VERY crackled and even peeling off a bit . I was crushed . I wear my crackled shirt around the house , but it 's not fit for the public . The dark shirt transfers seem to have gotten much better reviews , but I 'm scared to try them because of how horrible this one came out .
 I am sick . I just bought the package of the Avery transfer with that encouraging sticker , affixed it as per package directions -LRB- ironing with firm pressure for a very long time , allowing to cool before peeling , etc. -RRB- to some prewashed cotton muslin , and spent four hours and lots of money sewing the transfered picture into a luxurious fabric frame with lots of expensive trims , making a gorgeous pillow to give as a prize at an annual party I host for the volunteers and staff of the museum where I work . As I was finishing the last touch , I noticed the thing was already cracking off the fabric . It is RUINED . Where can I find a transfer paper that works ? This is a disaster . Obviously , I advise all to steer absolutely clear of this product . What a dud !
 I would n't waste my money on these again . The transfer ironed on just fine , the paper backing peeled away smoothly , but there was a waxy , plastic like coating on the transfer itself . It felt stiff and unpleasant , but I thought maybe it would be better after washing . No such luck . Now the waxy coating is peeling and flaking off -- the front of the T-shirt looks like a giant Frosted Flake.I 'm very disappointed with this product .
 Bought the `` new and improved '' version of these about 1 month ago , package did n't come with directions , I had to track them down online , followed the directions - ironed on a hard surface used heavy pressure , let them cool before I tried to peel the sticker , may-be one in ten transferred the way that it was supposed to transfer and one out of fourty did n't crack and peel the minute I started pinning my quilt together . The HP ones are way better , I have quilts that I made 10 years ago using HP transfer paper the the pictures are still going strong .
 These transfer are terrible : - They peal and crack if you stretch the shirt and start to break down after the first wash . - They turn yellow if you keep the iron on them too long.I 've used other brands in the past that were like silk-screen results compared to this product . This reminds of the cheesy iron-on stuff we used to do back in the 80 's . Waste of money .
 The clear part turns yellow and there 's a thick filmy residual that remains on the fabric.it 's ugly and obviously amateur looking . would give zero stars if possible . do n't waste your money !
 VERY disappointed with this product . I have used other transfer papers that crack a little with wear and washing , but at least they stay adhered to the fabric . I made a few attempts with this paper -LRB- and regretfully sent items to my customers -RRB- and not one survived even one washing . They ALL peel off . Buy another brand , at least then you will have a chance !
 This would be a better keyboard tray if the adjustment controls were not so hard to reach and clunky . The installation instructions are very bad so you may need help with the steps and explanations actually left out . The one area that I do n't like are the adjustment controls . To raise and lower the tray you need to reach under and flip a long lever to the right to release then flip it back to the left to lock the tray position . The pull tab to adjust the keyboard tilt is also underneath . Both controls completely release the hold and the tray flops loose until locked . Do a bit more research on the adjustment controls before you buy any adjustable keyboard tray.After using this item for about 6 weeks I have to say I do not recommend it . It sticks in the `` out '' position and will not slide under the desk until I lift the tray and release it , well , actually lift and drop , which frees up the track . -LRB- Yes , it is installed properly . -RRB- I will buy the next one locally to ensure it works properly .
 Contrary to the description , there is no music on hold capability for this phone . I had purchased it as a cheap way to put audio onto the phone line . If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is . Certainly the case for this phone ! It is also too cheap to send back . $ 8 wasted .
 The unit is functional and worth the price . Unfortunately the owner 's manual could be organized a little better . It could also be written more clearly .
 As the other reviewer mentions there is nothing wrong with the item that is sent to you . The issues is in the quantity . The description states 25/ctn and I guess that means they can fit 25 tubes in one box ... not that you are getting 25 tubes . you only get 1 tube for the same price as multiple other vendors sell packs of 25 - customer service told me that it is clearly stated that you will only receive one tube ... guess I missed that so perhaps it is indeed my fault , although I would recommend removing the `` 25/ctn '' from the description . My mailings which are time sensitive will now go out late as I wait for my tubes and be very costly .
 Do not order this !!! You only get one tube for $ 29.99 !! I ordered these and according to the description it says 25/ctn , which a normal person would assume means there are 25 in a carton . I received on large box with only one tube , I called after a few days -LRB- thinking they were coming one to a box , which would be a lot of boxes -RRB- . Nope , according to the Amazon Customer Service Rep I spoke with , 25/ctn is a dimension . What dimension I wonder , as it is an 18 &#34; x 2 &#34; tube . They prompty refunded my money , but the person I spoke with could n't understand what the problem was . Seriously , $ 29.99 for ONE TUBE ! Who would , in their right mind , be willing to pay that . This is a rip-off , I ca n't believe they are still listed on Amazon .
 ergonomics person at work just dropped one of these off at my desk ... and i can tell from 5 minutes of use that it 's a completely useless piece of plastic.WHY they gave me this instead of investing an additional $ 15 into something nicer is beyond me .
 It looks good but failed within days . The display had a short using the batteries . Why not use an ac adapter you ask ? Because it is NOT included but for an additional $ 25 or so you can get one making this a $ 41 corded phone . We went to K Mart and got a wireless phone that is way better and includes the ac adapter for $ 15 . Avoid this phone !
 this phone makes a constant high static shrieking noise . i bought this phone to use on a regularly scheduled long conference call , and was totally unable to use it . it 's going directly in the trash .
 I ordered this over a month ago and I have still yet to see it show up in my mailbox . I got a couple of emails from Amazon saying `` there is a delay in shipping this item ... '' . I do n't know if they only have three of these things and they 're buried in a warehouse and no one knows where they are buried or what . I had to go to the store and buy another -LRB- overpriced -RRB- printer cartridge to hold me over until this arrives . I just hope to see this item before I run out of ink on my new cartridge .
 I bought this phone because of the features . I really liked the idea of having a separate dial pad on the base . Whenever I got myself into one of those automated menu systems it proved very convenient . The speaker phone on this phone is superb ! It 's full duplex , which means both parties can talk at the same time without having the phone chop up the conversation.I found the caller ID display on the back of the phone a bit awkward . When I recieved another call I had to turn the phone over to see who was calling . When I did this , of course I could no longer hear the person I was talking to . If it was on the front of the handset , I could have held the phone away from my face for a second to see who was calling and still been able to hear the one I was talking to.And finally the reason I returned the phone
 I bought this phone for the two line capability , dss technology and built-in answering machine . I also liked the idea of having two keypads . The features are terrific but I hate the phone - the buttons do n't seem to always respond - using many of the features is difficult -LRB- i 'm always having to pull out the manual -RRB- and holding the phone on my shoulder often results in cutting off the caller . The keyboard on the base only works with the speakerphone-not exactly what I had in mind ! So now I 'm on the search for yet another phone with these feautes -LRB- minus the called ID which I do n't use -RRB- . Unfortunatley , I kept thinking I 'd adjust to this phone and did n't return it promptly so now I think it 's mine . I was recently at a client 's home and noticed they had the same phone - I asked if they liked it and they said they hated it ! So I guess I 'm not the only one .
 The signal often breaks up even when you 're very near the base and you have to keep pressing the channel button to find a clear one -- something that in a phone for this price should be automatic . The flash/call-wait button is on the back of the phone next to the caller id window and it 's very easy to press this button -LRB- and hang up on your party -RRB- if you brace the phone against your shoulder . Sometimes when you pick the handset up off the base and then quickly press the Talk key -LRB- like a normal person would when you 're trying to make a call -RRB- the phone gets confused for five seconds and then beeps at you after failing to give you a dial tone.Speaker phone sound quality and operation is excellent though the base only has 5 speed-dial slots . Range seems pretty good once you 've found a channel that is n't plagued with static . I have not used the answering machine capabilities so I ca n't comment on them.I would not recommend this phone , and generally regret purchasing it .
 Set of features is perfect , but what 's most important for phone -- how it sounds . This phone distorts the sound , use of callerID is complicated -LRB- reverse side of the receiver -RRB- , answering system , time setting are complicated and not user-friendly .
 I specifically wanted a Panasonic phone since I had been very pleased with their products in the past . Not any more.I purchased this phone for my elderly mother so she would have a reliable phone with all the features she needs . The phone was barely a year old , and it would not dial out . We assumed the problem was with her phone service , but it was the phone.This is not a cheap phone . From the start , the clarity and ease of programming were only so-so . I see no point in having it repaired , because I ca n't trust it 's future reliability .
 While the features in this phone really grabbed my attention , I never realized how lousy analog phones sound . I have a 900mhz Sony cordless phone and I never really thought about whether it was digital or analog . I found out the phone I already have is digital.There are no special feautres on my phone , other than memory dialing . And I would just as soon keep the phone I already have and return the Toshiba .
 This phone will not charge well . I used it for 3 days , and I had to keep resetting on the charger all day . Then after 3 days t would not change at all . DO N'T BUY IT !
 The headset jack is a great feature when you 're on hold , typing or just need your hands free , but the phone itself sounds like a tin can , has useless buttons that are different then any other phone I 've owned , and you can not go more than six yards without feedback from WIFI/another cordless phone . I have had great success with 2.4 GHz and the latest 6.0 DECT phones without any interference .
 This phone is complete and utter garbage . I bought it at Duane Reade for an overpriced thirty something dollars , because I really needed a phone and could n't make it to Best Buy . This phone sucks . It sounds like your speaking through a piece of tin . The digital numbers do not show up properly on the screen of the phone , so I have to guess who 's calling me . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 We bought two touchstations with the intent of networking them together . It 's very unreliable , you have to re-program fingerprints almost daily , it does n't export to quickbooks as promised , and networking them together is near impossible . Tech support is a joke , they con you into a very expensive annual support plan then try to upcharge you again and again for everything . If this would just work , we 'd be really happy with it - the idea is fantastic , but it 's still years from being a reliable product . Save yourself the headaches and use a different time system from a different company .
 This fingerprint scanner is terrible . We use it for keeping track of employee hours in our photo studio , and 90 % of the times you put your finger on the scanner it does n't even register . We 've found that licking your finger and rubbing it together with your thumb to give it just a little moisture helps -LRB- I guess it senses conductivity or something -RRB- but that 's not even reliable . Buy ANY other scanner instead .
 We are currently using this product . I would not reccomend this product at all . It was great when it was working well , but 85 % of the time it is down and we have to resort back to using paper again . The support that you receive with this is limited and when your support time is over it is $ 50.00 / hr . to get more help on their product . Our ongoing issues with this have led us to purchase something else and throw that thing away . I would steer clear of this trap .
 I bought it to have one land line in my house . However , if you hang it on the wall , the handset will not stay on the cradle . Also , I wanted to add a longer cord so I could move about the kitchen and that 's not possible . The phone cord can not be removed . I was disappointed with the product .
 This phone has a nice form factor ; contoured to fit your face and hand . Rubber bumpers on the rounded corners make it fairly durable . Headphone jack is handy too . BUT ... for all the hype -LRB- GigaRange Extreme ! -RRB- it ca n't keep up with the two 900 MHz DSS phones I tested it against . With their base stations placed in exactly the same spot , both the Sony SPP-SS965 900 MHz Digital Spread Spectrum and a 3 year old Escort CT 9701 Digital Spread Spectrum both outperformed the Panasonic in terms of useable distance by approx 180 - 200 % in diameter . I even tested two samples of the Panasonic to make sure I did n't have a defective unit.The Panasonic is great for running around the house or a small yard , but do n't expect to roam around the neighborhood and stay connected . If that 's your goal , buy the Sony .
 I bought the Panasonic 2.4 Ghz phone because my roommates all had 900Mhz phones and I did n't want my calls interfering with their 's . It worked great for about a month , then just suddenly stopped working altogether . I have yet to discover the problem and now have to send it back to Panasonic in hopes of getting one that works .
 I received a Panasonic 2.4 GHz phone as a gift . I was satisfied with the performance of the phone until the mouthpiece stopped working after 8-9 months . When I called the factory for warranty and repair information I was stonewalled . I had to wait at least six minutes everytime I called -LRB- seven times -RRB- . I was promised warranty coverage -LRB- a warranty verification letter -RRB- on two occasions but it never arrived and no one ever contacted me . On my seventh call I was informed that the phone was now out of warranty by two months and that even though I had been trying to get coverage for four months that they would not cover it . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy a Panasonic phone . I 'm sure that any other manufacturer would stand behind their products better than Panasonic
 I purchased this phone new to replace another Panasonic phone -LRB- 900 mhz -RRB- that suddenly quit working one year after purchase . I set up the phone , charged the battery for 24 hours and then tried to use it . The phone would not work . I boxed it up , returned it and replaced it with a Uniden model EXR 2460 2.4 GHz phone that I have been very pleased with so far .
 The first one I bought stopped working completely in a day or 2 . Got an exchange . After about 6 months it started failing . The voice gets fuzzy after about 5 or 10 minutes of use . It 's useless now . A waste of money .
 I purchased three of these phones . Two out of three of the phones have broken .
 I bought this phone for several reasons
 First of all I barely used this phone . Had it plugged in about 3 times . This last time when I needed it for a job , due to the headset capability , it would n't work.Got a dial tone , no numbers would print digitally , and no numbers would dial when I pressed the buttons . I wish Amazon would n't sell this product and wish I had read the reviews prior to buying it.The phone was ordered at the end of Oct 2008 . It 's now April 2009 . Fourth time I 've used the phone.Don ' t waste your moneyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy . My rating is -5 stars but there was no option for it .
 I ca n't tell you how angry this phone makes me . Like everyone else , I had a good experience for about a year and then the static started . When I have enough juice to place a phone call , I only have about 12 minutes of talk time before the static drives me off of my call . Most of my friends laugh as I hang up cursing this piece of junk.I experience the `` out of range '' message every time I use it . Caller ID is useless and like several other reviewers I spent $ 25 dollars for a new battery thinking that might help . Did n't . Panasonic owes me more than the $ 200 I wasted on their hideous 2.4 GHz paperweight .
 After owning this unit for 16 months , during which time it worked fine , a chip went bad causing horrible static and buzz which rendered the unit unusable ; the service people indicated there was no fix other than paying big bucks to have it fixed while I would be without a phone for a month . PLANNED OBSOLESCENCE -- I do NOT recommend this product . For -LSB- money -RSB- , it should have worked longer than 16 months .
 The features and sound quality are top-notch , but I discourage purchase of this product because of reliability problems . I purchased two of these units , one for me and one for my parents . Both units failed within a year because a chip went bad in the phone causing static and disconnection . Panasonic did a good job of repairing my phone and the service tech was familiar with this phone 's problem . Nonetheless , my next purchase will not be from Panasonic .
 This has got to be the worst performing phone ever . I will never again buy a Panasonic product . Constantly having to push numbers twice to get them to register , out of range messages within two feet of the transmitter , glitchy headphone receptor , you name it there 's something wrong with it . Best of luck winning me back as a customer .
 Bought 2 years ago . Worked fine first , then ... the static started its aggravating thing . I keep asking people to repeat what they are saying . Finally , abandonned the handset . Now I am tied up to the phone base . Then why did I buy a cordless phone ? To be able to move freely around the house ! This phone did not work out for me ...
 I had problems within a week of buying this product . When the phone rings , the answering machine mysteriously loses power . The in use button goes off and the machine refuses to answer calls . I checked the documentation and this scenerio is not covered . I would avoid this answering machine at all costs .
 I LOVED this phone at first then within 6 months there was so much static on the handset that we ca n't use it . I am glad I read that this is a common problem here before we went and bought the ... replacement battery.Also , you really have to keep the manual because nothing is simple .
 I 've now owned and used this phone daily for about a year and a half . Functionally , it works fantastic . I get great reception everywhere I need to . However , here are the problems ... * Every time the power goes out , I need to re-teach myself how to set the day and time by looking it up in the manual -- it 's not intuitive at all . * The new message indicator is a small blinking red light , which is really difficult to see . * The phone directory saves names and phone numbers , but it 's cumbersome to use and again , requires frequent consults with the manual . * Using redial is not a one button proccess like other phones . Rather , the user must scroll through the main menu , choose redial , then review the number before pressing talk to connect . * While reviewing the answering machine 's messages , it 's impossible to listen to a phone number that someone left for you and punch it into the phone at the same time because as soon as you start to use the phone , the answering machine stops . So , you have to either remember the phone number , or write it down . * Like on my cell phone , I like to dial the phone number , review it to make sure it 's correct , then press talk to dial it . This phone does n't allow you to do that .
 This thing is horrible , a complete waste of time and money . For 2.4 Gig the range wo n't allow you to travel from floor to floor never mind out to the yard . The audio is so poor , sending and recieving that you are forced to find a land line less the person on the other end tires of the annoying quality . I purchased Panasonic -LRB- TWO ! ! -RRB- because of the superior performance I have enjoyed with their music systems over the years . Guess they are n't ready for the cordless market . To boot , they died having only been in service for less than 40 days . Walking out to garbage can NOW . These products being so useless , I wish I could issue a negative star rating , but 1 Star is as low as allowed . SAVE YOURSELF R U N ! !
 I bought this phone when it first came out . It looks pretty nice but kind of expensive . Hoping that this will be the last phone I will get . This phone has so much STATIC that I have to put it on speaker phone to get it to work . Everytime I make a call , I use the handset to dial and put it back on the speaker phone to talk . I was thinking about sending it back to the manufacture but after reading frustrated customers ' review and what they experienced about the repair process makes me forget about it . In all , I would never ever recommend this model of the phone to any body .
 I was -LRB- and still will am since I 've returned the phone -RRB- looking for a high quality speaker phone with a good range of operation for my home business . The phone is not intuitive to use -LRB- e.g. if you type in a wrong number , it 's not obvious where the backspace button is , mute ? -RRB- . The receiver is awkward , heavy -LRB- compared to the Siemens model -RRB- and the notion that I 'd have to replace the batteries at some point make this a return .
 This phone seems to be hypersensitive to outside interference . To its credit , there is not a problem when the unit is in use and the clarity and sound quality are excellent . However , when the unit sits or is charging , ` Out of Range ' conditions have occured requiring a complete power disconnect to fix . According to Panasonic customer service , something is interrupting the phone - to-base signal . My unit is currently at the repair center and its less than 90 days old .
 I 've owned this model phone for just over one year and I have endured many annoying malfunctions ; finally the handset is unusable . Frequently the phone will not dial the currently displayed number , but instead just gives you the dial tone . The only way to `` reset '' this behavoir is to cradle the handset for a second to restore normal operation . Occasionally , the hand set will display an `` out of range '' message even when standing next to the base unit ; this in now a permanent malfunction . The sound quality from the handset is clear but contains some strange distortion that makes some callers sound mechanical . Much worse is the ansering machine sound , some messages are very hard to understand while the others would only rate fair to good . Obviously I 've wasted my money on this phone and I have soured on Panasonic .
 Phone had great features , enough that I bought 2 of them . Over time , one stopped working totally , after gradual disintegrating sound quality.The other one gets so bad that I have to switch phones to hear the person i 'm speaking to.The funny thing is , the phone that we switch to is an old 900mhz Panasonic .
 If you see a pattern in the reviews of this machine , believe it.I own this unit and the reviews of it here are accurate . After a year of ownership , my `` out of range '' problem occurs in about 1 of every 10 uses . In addition , the phone does generate more static over time , rendering a normal conversation quite difficult . Further , a large majority of people I talk with claim that my phone makes my voice sound very quiet . Finally , the phone is awkward to hold during a long conversation.There are good points . The answering machine is nice and relatively easy to use . That 's pretty much it.Conclusion
 After having my initial phone about 6 months , it died . Sent in to panasonic , took them TWO months to fix and send back ! -LRB- it totally quit working , power supply was still good though -RRB- Then after 1 year and 1 month after original purchase , died again -LRB- this time it had an error msg indicated on the LED readout on the base , and nothing worked -RRB- . They said even though they had the phone two months for fixing the first time it died , it did n't extend the warranty at all ! But they did go ahead and fix it at no charge . Since then , I have had the out of range problem , even when only 5 feet from the base unit . It just gets worse over time . And this is the the 3rd one I 'm on.The sound quality has progressively gotten worse , along withthe out of range problem . Caller ID does n't always show upeither.I 've also had an ongoing problem where sometimes after removing it from the base unit , it does n't recognize it . So I have tore-insert it a few times before it recognizes.There is one GREAT feature I love about the phone , its theanswering machine , because it can be programmed to page you -LRB- I have a Skytel alpha pager -RRB- when you receive a call , and willsend the number displayed on caller ID , and also indicate whetherthe person left a message or not.I wrote a complaint letter to Panasonic after the phone dieda second time and they were n't going to fix it . It really bothered me that they did n't extend the original warranty bytwo months , when it took them two months to return it to methe first time . They never responded to the complaint .
 I had a simple objective when purchasing my last cordless phone
 This phone worked great for almost a year . Then as I talked , I would hear a crackling noise . Finally , the crackling noise became unbearable . Now when I search on the caller id , I get the message ` out of range ' . I thought it was the battery going bad -LRB- it has a re-chargeable battery -RRB- ; however , when I replaced the battery , it did not improve . Do n't buy this phone . The service is poor too . I left a voice mail and they never returned my call . I bet I have cost Panasonic at least 6 phone sales by word of mouth . I proud of it too . It would be morally reprehensible to let people enter into a buying decision on this phone without letting them know it is a terrible contraption .
 I bought this phone a few months ago from an office store . It worked very well the first couple of months . I then began to get some out of range signals , even though being just a few feet away from the base . Now , the out of range signals have n't increased as I 've read in other reviews , but the sound quality decreased by about 50 % along with much static when walking , to the point that I feel I need a new phone . I do n't think it 's Panasonic that is to blame here , but rather the 2.4 GHz technology . So I will not get another 2.4 GHz phone . Also , the ear piece is somewhat too open and it becomes difficult to maintain a conversation if your immediate environment gets noisy . I rate it two stars because I liked the design of that phone and it worked fairly well for six months . I do not wish to deal with their customer service because I have no time.I hope this helps some of you .
 The phone looks good , and has a long range.BUT , you always need the user guide because the interface is not intuitive at all . And worst , there are technical problems : I had trouble with caller ID so I had to return the phone.The display on the handset is dead , after less than a year .
 I was duped into thinking Panasonic manufactured quality phones as well . 6 months later it was completely dead - out of range messages , and extreme static/buzzing . After numerous calls to Panasonic and angry letters , the best they could offer was a new model I could purchase for $ 50 in return for my silence -LRB- to which I obviously declined -RRB- . With the number of horrible complaints they 've received , I 'm surprised that no one has threatened a class action lawsuit . Any lawyers out there interested ?
 You know , I thought perhaps it was just * my * phone that started this incessent buzzing noise about 10 minutes into every single call -LRB- incoming and outgoing -RRB- , forcing me to disconnect and call back on another phone ! I was incredulous when , after sending this piece of junk back to the factory , they actually sent me back a new completely different broken phone that buzzes with every call . And no paperwork . No info telling me that the repair had a 90 day warrantee , which I found out later when speaking to a very unsympathetic Panasonic supervisor on the phone -LRB- not this one -RRB- . I initially bought this phone , thinking it was higher quality , to do radio interviews . I paid a lot of money for it . I 've always owned Panasonic phones . Am now contacting the better business bureau as I refuse to let Panasonic get away with this . Even just on principle . It 's one thing for a few customers to have problems with a certain model , but it 's quite another when the company is obviously aware of a flawed product and yet chooses to ignore the complaints.P.S . The very few who praise this phone after reading so many similar negative reviews should have their heads examined . I will never buy another phone without researching others consumer comments .
 I have owned this product only for it to spend more time in the Panasonic repair center than in my home . After 4 times of being returned to me , the product still does n't work . Panasonic stated they would replace the phone if I CALL their repair center to get a copy of the repair history . I CALLED the repair center and they stated the only repair record they keep is the last repair.I have spent more money on this phone in shipping and batteries than I did on the actual product ... Please avoid Panasonic .
 Like others my phone went dead after a few months . Out of range messages appeared all of a sudden . This phone works great for a while then it dies . I had two of these and the same thing happened with each one ! JUNK .
 I have only had this phone for 6 months and it is constantly giving me out of range errors even when I am at my desk and the base is only 1 foot away!Also , the handset is very noisy , so much so that I have to switch to the intercom to understand anything . At first I thought it was my phone line , but I tried my phone line with other phones and it sounded fine.Bad phone . I am very dissappointed with Panasonic . I am usually a fan of theirs with 3 TVs and a DVD player by them that I love , but I will be hesitant to buy another phone from them .
 I bought this phone just six months ago and paid -LSB- alot -RSB- . For first two months the performance was good . No problem at all . Third month onward the handset started showing `` Out of range error '' even though the handset was at 1 feet distance from the base unit . But with few retries , it was working . Fourth month onward , we started getting frequent `` Out of range '' errors and some noise disturbance while talking . Today , 90 % of time , it shows `` Out of range '' and if it is in range , caller-id does n't work and even if caller-id do work , you still ca n't hear from the other side , because of extreme noise disturbance . The blue-color scroll button also stopped working and does n't scroll any numbers and again shows the same error `` Out of range '' . Wasted a lot money , just because of brand-name . We switched back to our regular phone with caller-id .
 Unfortunately , I did n't read these reviews until after I bought this phone . My experience is the same as most of the reviewers . The phone is really bad . It has wonderful features and a great look , but it just does n't work . After about 5 minutes on the phone I get this buzz that is so loud I ca n't hear the person I 'm talking to . The buzz starts low and gradually gets worse . I 've tried moving the base unit , unplugging appliances , messing with the antenna , and switching channels . All to no avail . I do n't have a problem with the user interface , but that does n't matter since the phone does n't work .
 I do n't know if there is a better product on the market , but I have found many problems with this one.My phone has also had static and shown `` out of range '' while I am standing a few feet from the base . I have found that if you put the phone back on the base and move it around a few times , it will start to work fine . Something must be sticking on these phones.I bought this 2.4 GHz phone particularly because I did not want to get interference with the common 900MHz phones . This is especially important to me because I have other 900MHz phones IN THE HOUSE as many people do . Although this phone does use the 2.4 GHz frequency , it ALSO USES 900MHz !! I can not use our 900Mhz phones while this 2.4 GHz phone is in use ; the conversation will cut out . Also , it will interfere with the signal from the common 900MHz baby monitors.Another complaint with the phone is the controls . Everything seems to be abbreviated and most features are accessed through the function button . One problem with this is that it is almost impossible to set some of the common features on the phone without the manual . -LRB- Make sure you keep the instructions !! -RRB- Another example of poor design is with redial . Maybe it is just me , but I want to press ONE button to redial the last number . It takes several buttons to access the redial feature on this phone . It is almost easier to just dial the number yourself.If you have caller ID , the light on the base unit always flashes . This may be a standard in the phone industry , but the flashing light always makes me think that I have new messages on the answering machine.The unit does have a few good features , but I expected more from Panasonic .
 This is easily the coolest phone family on the market today . Great looks , top-notch technology , etc. . I purchased this unit -LRB- with the TAD -RRB- with high hopes and found it to be very very very disappointing . Here 's why
 This phone is a complete rip off . It has nice features but what 's the point if after a while nothing works . I have had this phone for less than 6 months now and I 'm seriously thinking about trashing it . Sound is horrible , the range can be easily achieved by a 900mHZ phone and to make matters worse the handset all of a sudden gives an `` out of range '' message even while standing right next to the unit . Last time this happened to my handset , I was unable to make calls or program my phone for more than a week . If you want to do something smart do n't waste your money on this phone !
 ... After 13 months of owning the product , there 're too many statics in the handset so I have to stop using it . After I moved to CA , I was lucky -LRB- am I ? -RRB- to find a local service center so I do n't have to spend S/H in sending it back for repair . However , the people in the service center charged me -LSB- a lot -RSB- upfront just to check the phone , and instead recommended me to buy a refurbished one displayed in their window.Anyway , I decided not to spend the money on refurbished item due to a lot of bad experience . Since I was only using the answer machine , I do n't care about the handset so I tried to fix it myself . After carefully opened the handset in half -LRB- You must be very careful , there 're too many latches inside the rubber around the side of handset -RRB- I found some metal chips are oxidized and I used `` powerpen '' ... which should be available in electronic/camera store for cleaning the tip of battery , throughly clean all the surface of metal part . After I assembled everything and recharged it overnight , the statics are all gone and I seldom got any noise since . Ca n't believe the people in Japan actually used some -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- materials to build a -LSB- high priced -RSB- phone . Now you save the money to buy a new phone , and -LSB- a lot -RSB- for repairing .
 It worked fine for about year , and as soon as its warranty is over , static has come into the handset ! The manual says to push a button to choose a different channel , but it does not work !
 Shortly after one year the phone developed such load static that we could not hear the callers . Sent to Panasonic Service which proved to be inept , indifferent , and discourteous . Took the Service Center two months to charge me a $ 25 service fee , neglected to do anything to the phone , then sent it back to me . When questioned , the Service people were rude and when asked to explain , hung-up on me . I cancelled the $ 25 credit card charge , wrote the company giving the sequence of events and stating that I will never purchase a Panasonic product again . Never heard back from them . Their loss !
 Like most of the reviews I have read , I also see that I bought a lousy product . Like most I was suckered in by the looks and the new technology of the 2.4 ghz phone . My phone lasted about one year when the out of range messages started appearing as well as the loud buzzing in the handset . My brother also bought the same phone with the same problems after six months . What seems obvious from most of the reviews as well as brother 's and my own experience , is that this product is defective and Pansonic should be forced into a total recall with either replacement working phones or give everyone who bought this product all of our money back .
 The phone provides a number of good features , primarily the extended range which gives great reception with little interference or fading . The hand set is extremely sturdy as the edges are encased in rubber which allows it to bounce back from drops of several feet . The speakerphone provides true duplex with very good quality.Now for the negatives
 I believed I was stepping up in product category when I purchased this unit . The manual specifications state battery life at about six hours and have not been able to finish a call longer than two hours without the battery running out and this is within four feet of the base unit . Has no hold feature and I see no difference in reception over my 900hz system .
 I purchased this phone a little over a year ago and , like other reviewers , as time went on the range dropped SIGNIFICANTLY . I 've replaced the batteries multiple times and no luck . The problem appears to be signaling from the base to handset since everyone can hear me clearly but I ca n't understand a thing they are saying . Because of this problem , the caller ID only works 1/3 of the time -LRB- which makes me wonder why I 'm paying $ 10/mo . for the feature -RRB- . Also , you ca n't play messages from the answering machine while the handset is in use - very annoying.I got this phone to replace a Sony 900MHz DSS model that kept cooking the batteries . 3 years , two phones , and $ 400 down the drain . Do n't get this phone .
 I bought this phone only 1 year ago , for alot of money , and now it wo n't even work . At first you would only get the `` out of range '' message every once in awhile and it would only last for a minute . It kept getting worse and worse until now the phone will not work . All you get is the `` out of range '' while standing inches from the base unit.Also the programing of the phone is confusing . I have read and re-read the manual I do n't know how many times and I still ca n't get the time and date to work.This phone is the biggest waste of money . You 're better of buying a cheap phone that at least you know will work .
 This phone has never been useful to us . You can talk 10 minutes and the battery starts beeping and the phone goes dead . We kept the phone on the charger when not in use BUT to no avail . We had to buy another cheaper phone and discard the Panasonic KX-TG2570B which cost $ 79.99 .
 I bought this phone over a year ago . ... I like the style and design . I also like all of the features , but the quality completly diminished . The first 6 months was great . Then I started to experience crackling . Thought nothing of it and continued to use it . Now I ca n't even use it . You pick it up to answer a call ... it pops up with this OUT OF RANGE . Goto check the caller ID and get OUT OF RANGE . -LSB- its just bad -RSB- . I also have a wireless computer network ... but I have had that same network for about a year as well and never experienced these problems . I also have a 2.4 ghz GE cordless phone that does not have any problems . I think it is just the quality of the phone ... DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 ... I bought the phone in May , 2001 , when I had just moved into an apartment next to a municipal airport in Indianapolis . I thought the interference was possibly caused by a RADAR station nearby , but once I moved into a house in 2002 I realized the phone itself was faulty . I called Panasonic and they said they 'd never heard of the `` out of range '' problem ...
 This phone has great features , caller ID , answering machine , ect . But the quality IS THE WORST . I am standing right next to the base and it will say , `` out of range '' . Happens numerous times ! Sound is clear at times , but at other times the sound will cut in and out . I have a better connection using my cellphone . I 'm looking for another phone right now to replace this one . I just ca n't use it anymore !!
 Well , you know you see good and bad reviews for almost everything . I guess I did n't believe this phone from Panasonic could be as bad as many reviews said , so I bought one ... two ... three , the last one being new and unused.I am a pretty big Panasonic fan ... several Cameras , Plazma TV , etc. but this phone is the worst phone I ever had bar none . I guess I thought maybe some of the users were not very tech saavy and i could get it -LRB- them -RRB- to work right.The `` used '' ones did not properly communicate between handset and base as many people complain , even when right next to it . I relocated them , cleaned the contacts and anything else I could imagine to try to get them to work . Then I bought a brand new one . For a couple months it worked with only occasional problems communicated with the base , but then for no apparent reason it simply stopped ... again tried removing and replacing battery , cleaning contacts , relocating , unplugging and plugging everything back in ... NOTHING.It -LRB- and the other 2 -RRB- are now at the dump , did n't even want to give them to Goodwill to curse someone else .
 Hi , I 've had this phone for about 3 years now ... Its been quite unreliable.The phone went `` OUT OF RANGE '' after about 6 months of buying it . It became unusable . Went to the Panasonic service center and got it repaired under warranty . The service person told me that the problem is VERY COMMON for this model . He said that there is a faulty chip or something and after repairs it will not have problems.But after a few months after repairs , the `` OUT OF RANGE '' kept happening . But now , it has become much worse and the handset hardly ever picks up when there is an incoming ring . There is also so much static that its become unusable.I 've lost confidence in Panasonic after this product -LRB- Made in Japan -RRB- and I am considering other brands as replacement .
 I too have this `` out of range '' problem after about one year of use . I e-mailed Panasonic Customer Service twice about this problem and have received no reply at all . I finally got fed up with this junk and bought a Uniden 2.4 GHz phone -LRB- TRU4485-2 -RRB- to replace it , and the Uniden has no problem at all . So the problem is NOT because of the increase use of wireless network as one of the reviewers claimed . `` Made in Japan '' is not necessarily good . This is definitely one of my worst purchases in my life . And I will never ever purchase any Panasonic product .
 I have had this phone for 3 years now . I went from a 900MHz to this 2.4 GHz for the obvious benefits . Since the first day of purchase , this phone had slight interfearance when moving from one area to another . The phone was great and the range was real good . Only problem I experienced that made this a poor cordless was the interferences from the microwave oven and the above issue . Recently I have major `` Out of Range '' messages on the display with very little reception but transmission is just fine . Now this phone is useless . A new battery did not repair this problem so it 's the handset communications to the base unit as my callers do not experience the static . Great phone while it lasted but it did not last long enough . I have a KX-TG 1400 900 MHz which I paid -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for and it performs better but less range . Since I am usually near the base unit by 200 ' most of the time , the later phone out performs this very expensive one . I am now looking for a replacement and I will go back to the 900 MHz Digital without a question . Panasonic phones are best from my experience but this one was the worst value for my money ever .
 I thought this phone worked pretty well when we first got it , but the longer we had it , the less we liked it . The reception is good , but that 's just about the only positive thing about it . First of all , we lost the manual when we moved and it 's just about impossible to figure out how to use any of the features , even just setting the time and date is difficult . Secondly , when you listen to your messages and you want to return a phone call , the answerer shuts off as soon as you turn the phone on . So if someone left a number to return their call , you need to write it down first and then turn the phone on to call . And thirdly , after a year of use , we 're getting this `` out of range '' message almost every time we try to make a call , even then we 're right next to the phone . I 've had Panasonic phones in the past that have lasted over 5 years , but this one is a big disappointment , especially for the price . We 're changing to Uniden phones which tend to work well and get good ratings .
 I got this phone in November 2000 . The design and features are great . The only thing that I missed is ability to use speed-dial buttons - you always have to go through a directory . The range and clarity were pretty good in the beginning.Then several months ago it just started deteriorate . I have to say that I did n't really take good care of the phone . But then LCD screen became loose , some buttons became a bit sticky and , most important , voice became garbled . The called would hear me fine , but I can barely make out what they 're saying.It 's sad to replace this phone , but I 'm going to give Uniden a try now .
 This phone is the WORST ! I have had nothing but problems with it . It says `` Out Of Range '' everytime I use it ... . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !
 I bought this phone and used it for a little over a month and it stopped working . My first thought was that I needed a new battery so I contacted Panasonic via the number on the manual and they told me they were backordered and that I should check with my local stores . I tried these with no results . Ca n't a company take some responsibility for their replacement part availability ?
 ok , so i 'm a telephone phreak . i buy a new phone every few months like clockwork.i saw this one at fry 's and thought , hey , a 2.4 gig phone , that should have incredible range and every feature i want!i was only partially right .1 . the phone gets a LOT of interference from other sources , especially if you have it too close to a cell phone while talking . it does n't automatically switch channels to find the clearest one , and sometimes when you manually switch , it does n't get any better .2 . the battery does n't last long , and after a few long conversations , it 's off to the recharger .3 . there is NO mute button , the way you have to mute it is to hit the intercom button , and basically put the call old hold while the intercom is active between handset and base .4 . the base does have a speakerphone option which is nice to answer the phone if you ca n't find the handset , though you MUST use the handset to program it , and you have to remember which codes to use or you ca n't do it . it 's not user friendly in that regard .5 . the phone looks slick , it has two antenna for sending and receiving which is supposed to help the range ... i 've found the phone cuts out even when i walk into my back yard , much less down the street .6 . the phone gets really hot if you talk on it a while and will make your ear VERY warm7 . the belt clip thing ? do n't bother putting it on the phone unless you really intend to use it .8 . the antenna on the hand set is not flexible and gets in the way if you want to talk in bed and put your head on a pillow9 . after a period of time , the phone became so dysfunctional that i could no longer delete messages from the answering machine , and could not get the phone to be in range even when standing right beside itfor the cost of this phone/answering machine combo , i expected more , and would have returned it and gotten something different if i 'd had the time.after the phone failed to function any more , i purchased the panasonic 900mhz phone and have been happy ever since . while 900mhz may seem like a step down , the quality is still there , and it will not interfere with things such as cell phones or wireless network like the 2.4 ghz phones will .
 I used Panasonic phones for last 5 years . However this is last Panasonic i ever buy.Ok , everything was perfect when i just got it . Slick design , cool looks , useful belt clip , etc. . Then i started to notice a number of small drawbacks comparing to * older * Panasonic models i still have . Like i used to dial a number when listening to recorded message . Ca n't do it now - either you use the phone or listen to messages , ca n't be done in same time . ??!! . Biggest hit come with summer when it got slightly warmer in the room . Apparently this phone ca n't disperse heat well enough . If you put it on solid surface the base bottom overheats very quickly and you start to hear annoying repeating buzz in the line . Ok , then we started to keep it upside down , so the back can properly cool down . But if you talk long enough from distance , base gets even hotter . As result in hot day you can get this maddeing buzz out of nowhere in middle of conference call . Horrible.Disposing of this model at first opportunity and buying any other non-Panasonic phone . Keep away from that one .
 An absolutely horrible phone . Do not buy under any circumstances . I 'm still trying to get satisfaction.Out of range error appears , will not go away . Please stay out of range of this phone .
 I 've used a panasonic phone before I bought this one for 5 years and it still works great . This phone worked for exactly a week and stopped . `` Out of Range '' was the message - eventhough I was standing right next to the base . So , do n't bother to even check out any phones from panasonic in the 2.4 GHZ spectrum .
 after a year i can tell u , its not workin and never worked like it have to .
 I bought this phone -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- less than a year ago and recently it has begun to badly malfunction . I get severe static moments into any call , and the static simply gets worse during a call . Also , it now loses its connection with the base unit on about a third of attempts -- even when I hold the handset directly beside the base ! I get the message `` out of range '' in these cases . So , I 'm here to buy another phone and would suggest you pass on this one .
 The features were good , but the interface was very clunky and difficult to use . It offers just about everything from Caller ID to handset message retrieval , and I got about 200 yards away before being cut off . The answering machine was good . Unfortunately , the battery life is short . It claims a 14 day standby period and 8 hours talk time . Speaking only a few hours indoors , it went dead . We went on vacation for six days . We left with a full charge , and came home to a dead phone . We owned it for 4 weeks before returning it for another unit . We charged the second one fully , and it went dead after * maybe * 2 hours of talking at close range over a 3 day period . We took it back immediately . We could n't locate it centrally in an open room like they suggest , but it was against a wall and we had little -LRB- if any -RRB- obstructions when using it . We went to it from a 25 channel Lucent model and were extremely disappointed . We recharged the Lucent once a week tops , and that was not even necessary . Maybe the battery is n't strong enough for all it offers?Performance was decent , but far from excellent . The range was great , but that was it . People said I sounded distant , and the unit is small . My wife complained she could n't hold it on her shoulder easily and talk.Please note the unit is not wall mountable .
 By far the worst phone I have ever purchased , for a number of reasons .1 . The talk time/standby time stated by the OEM is just plain not true . After 2-3 hours talk time , the phone dies , most of the time while I 'm within 10 feet of the base unit .2 . Uneven performance . I am , many times , standing right next to the unit , pick up the handset to make a call , and the phone beeps and goes static and says I 'm out of range -LRB- 2 feet from the handset -RRB- 3 . It gets very hot after talking on it for a while .4 . The answering machine cuts people off for no reason , despite programming the unit to let message-leaving callers go on for as long as they want . Messages also disappear - too many people have sworn to leaving messages that were never received .5 . Last week , my programmed numbers suddenly disappeared without explanation .6 . Every time I talk on the phone people say they ca n't hear me , despite talking directly into the mouthpiece.I must say , I debated a long time about this purchase ... . But , I 've always had excellent experiences with Panasonic phones , so I went for it . Big mistake - and too late to take it back . Keep shopping , or buy one of their lower-end phones with much better performance .
 This phone is great in theory . After a couple of months , everything falls apart . I 've read the other reviews and all complaints are consistent with my experience . I 've owned my phone for less than a year and I 'm throwing it in the trash . The range deteriorates with time and I often receive `` out of range '' warnings , even when standing next to the base . The sound is distorted and at times I hear nothing but static.I do n't have time to go into detail , but this is the WORST phone I have ever purchased . You 'd be better of with the $ 10 special from Radio Shack .
 I have owned several cordless phones and , in the long run , this was the worst . Performance was not much different than a 900MHz for the first couple of months , though there was an odd `` muted '' quality to the sound ; range however dropped quickly . I was soon unable to go from one room to another without getting unbearable static . Not much later , the charging contacts got tempramental and the phone needed serious jiggling to juice up . Finally , after about four or five months of ownership , the phone died altogether.If there was just one problem , I might be tempted to blame a faulty unit ; with nothing but problems , I have to blame the model . Over on the cnet site , you will find hundreds of similar complaints about the panasonic gigaphones.Don ' t waste your money on this one .
 We 've had Panasonic phones for awhile and have always been happy with them . This phone misses calls though
 I too have fallen victim of the infamous `` out of range '' problem . I paid the extra bucks for this crummy thing because I did n't want the hassle of an inferior phone . It just goes to show - you do n't always get what you pay for . In addition to this complaint , my other pet peeves about this phone are
 The phone failed after 13 months of use . It is HORRIBLE now , and virtually unusable . The product should be recalled . HORRIBLE PHONE !
 I agree with the other negative comments about how confusing this phone is to use , and how it has mediocre -LRB- at best -RRB- sound quality . But , the most serious problem for me is that every time someone uses it , it completely disrupts my wireless network . So if you 're using 802.11 b , stay away from this phone .
 If you are looking for a phone that is feature rich , difficult to use and you only need it to work for a week or two then look no furthur.Like all the rest of the reviews , I have one and recently I was at a clients home who had one that works the same -LRB- it doesnt -RRB- . They seem to work ok for about a month then the buzzing starts . It gradually gets worse to the point where you are out of range when you are standing right beside the base unit . The answering machine works but with no local dialing control to place outgoing calls it is just an answering machine . Do yourself a favour and buy another phone .
 I chose this 2.4 Ghz phone + answering machine + caller ID for its features , and found that though everything worked , they did n't work very well . Like other users , I found the menu system difficult to use . The sound quality was marginal and was n't even as good as my 900mhz phones from other manufacturers . On top of that , the battery started dying about 4 months after I purchased the phone . It can no longer maintain a charge . The same poor sound quality also exists on the answering machine , making messages difficult to hear .
 if you 're looking for an expensive disposable phone , this is for you.I paid $ 200.00 + for this phone that will only last a year or so . I know ofthree other people that had the same problem.Stay away from this one . -LRB- The answering machine still works but ca n't be reprogrammed because the handset does n't work . -RRB-
 I 'm a computer tech , and home tech . Utilizing home automation products , so I 'm very competent with using home electronics . Fact is that after 1 year or so , started developing static/noise on the line , progressively getting worse . Constant out of range messages , as well as no talk activation . Called Panasonic said it was cheaper to replace the phone than repair it . If I could purchase the board they explain that goes bad I would replace it . People that have n't experienced problems got the good ones . Before the 1 year phone worked great . So the people not experiencing problems should not critic the ones that got stuck with the lemons . Pansonic lost me as a future customer , and a class-action suit should come forth .
 I have owned this phone for 7 months , and the one thing I 'm very impressed with is the clarity , which is the best I have ever had in a cordless.This phone also features a large oval button which you scroll either up/down , or right/left , for many of the functions . The one I like and find easy to use is scanning to see who has phoned you . The name and phone numbers are displayed very nicely and easy to read.What I do not like about this phone -LRB- and why I rate it 2 stars -RRB- is having to get out the owners manual every time I need to change something . Setting the time is a nightmare . Something as basic as turning off your phone 's ringer is a project!And the very basic 're - dial ' function we all know , is lost on this phone because you need to get out the manual to find the program to do it ! VERY frustrating.What could have been a great phone is nothing more than an over-done , complicated mess .
 I have been a loyal customer for Panasonic phones for over 10 years . I bought this phone about a year ago , and have only one piece of advice
 I rarely sit to write an online review more to vent than to share ideas and opinions , but I want to include my voice in saying this phone has been TERRIBLE . What happened to us is that after 18 minutes there began a rythmic buzzing noise that grew in intensity until there was so much static , I had to put it on speaker phone to get it to work . Obviously , I 'd be better off with a corded phone , what 's the point if I have to stand over the thing to use the speaker anyway ? So I called customer service . The first tech assistance I got was OK , they were nice but did n't help . WHen I went to send the phone in , that was the start of the problems . I was told 7-10 days to fix it . I gave them a few extra days . After 2 weeks , they said they did n't even have the phone yet . I called the Post Office in Langhornre Pa and they said that the factory service center had n't picked up their mail in a week ! Then try to call the center - I got busy signals 90 % of the time and when I got a menu , it said to press 3 to speak to someone . When i did that , it sent me back to the main menu . In oither words , you ca n't speak to the service center . It 's been 3 weeks now , no phone . And others say that they sent it back several times ? No way . Believe me , expensive is n't better . When i first called service -LRB- the 800 number -RRB- the tech told me to do a reset on the phone . I told him I was on it , wait a minute I 'll get on the other line -LRB- a $ 20 Bell atlantuic corded phone -RRB- When i did , he said `` Wow , now I can hear you much better '' . That speaks volumes . Do DD before buying a phone like this . I wish i did . I 'll probably be out the $ 160 I paid for this lemon .
 I made the mistake of thinking that an expensive phone would automatically have very good sound quality . I was wrong . The first day I purchased this phone I noticed that the sound fell short of crystal clear . On many occasions I found that the volume could n't be adjusted loud enough for me to hear the person I was talking to . After owning this phone for a few months the sound quality worsened to the point that , now , I must buy another phone due to severe interference . My handset says `` out of range '' even when it is right next to its base -LRB- I did do my best to make sure that the phone was on the correct channel by pressing the `` EXIT/CH '' button as prescribed in the troubleshooting section of the manual -RRB- . I also tried moving my phone to different areas of the house and even shut off all other electronic devices -LRB- computers , stereos , etc. -RRB- , but nothing worked . In my opinion , a phone that sells for -LRB- price -RRB- should sound just as good as my cell phone -LRB- my cell phone sounds far better -RRB- . My cell phone works just fine in my house with all of my computers running away . And , I 'd like to point out that a phone priced toward the high end market should be virtually trouble free , but this was n't the case . I 've had to go through a lot of trouble trying to resolve the issues with this phone . The reason why I spent more money was to avoid the very trouble I 've experienced with this phone . Also , the menu system of this phone was poorly designed . Comparing the Panasonic 's menu system to my Nokia -LRB- cell phone -RRB- menu system is like night and day . The menu system of my Nokia5165 is laid out thoughtfully so that the user really does n't need a user 's manual to use features . The Panasonic 's menu system is quite bad . I would not recommend this phone to anyone . This is a horrible phone .
 I. . . expected perfection from panasonic . I have 2 big complaints
 I was one of the first to breathlessly purchase this phone about a year ago . What a mistake ! So many features that made Panasonics early cordless phones the best are gone and instead are replaced with confusing , ridiculous new ones . You ca n't do ANYTHING without the handset and good luck firguring out how to set the time . It is non-intuitive , you have to rinky-dink the phone in place so it can actually re-charge and it 's range it questionable.With so many 2.4 Ghz on the market now , there is no reason to buy this inferior product . My home just experienced an major power surge -LRB- blow-up the transformer -RRB- . The Panasonic KXTG2570 was on the same surpe protector as my computer . The Mac is fine , the Panasonic KXTG2570 is FRIED and DEAD . I 'm happy though -- now I have the opportunity to buy a decent 2.4 Ghz phone.I love Panasonic ; I own their VCR and DVD players and they are excellent . Their early cordless phones were excllent -- they sadly dropped the ball in this one .
 I bought this phone because it looked cool , was made by a good company , had all the features i could ask for , and was supposedly better then a digial 900 mhz phone . Well . . the phone is a joke . The phone has a hissing in the background that drives you nuts , I constantly have to change channels to talk to anyone for more then 15 min and , and the phone recularly says `` out of range '' even though im 5 feet away -RRB- . It 's pretty sad , I live in an apartment and you 'd think I was down the block the phone acts . The answering machine is horrid as well , sometimes you cant even hear the caller 's message , and even my own message is crackled and has hissing in it . Save your money ... Dont buy this phone .
 I owned this phone . After three months the silver coating all over the phone started to peel and the printing on the face of the phone began to wear off . When I contacted Panasonic , they said this was caused by chemicals from my skin , i.e. , makeup . I remarked there was not warning about using the phone while using makeup or having the phone come in touch with my skin . Ultimately , I am getting my full refund.The phone has other problems . Sometimes the screen does n't work ; I would get a message saying it was too far from the base when it was only 6 '' away ; the phone would n't work in front of my house when they claim it will work up to a mile away.It 's difficult to hold and overall just a pain in the neck to use . It is clear and without interference , but that 's a small plus considering all the minuses . Do n't buy it !
 I have had many cordless phones -LRB- including Panasonic - my last one did well -RRB- , and this one is by far the worst . I was looking forward to long range and clear reception , but it falls far short of any expectations the cost should imply , and all the other problems render the phone almost useless . We had a lot of difficulty hearing anyone because the mic picked up every noise in the house while talking and fed it back in your ear . We had a problem with out-of range cut-outs when standing right next to the base unit . You can not program any function without the manual right there to read the codes . Even the layout of the buttons was poorly thought out . I think Panasonic came up with a big loser on this one . I wish I would have returned it shortly after I got it . It has since completely died - just quit working , a very expensive addition to the trash heap .
 This is a joke . I have had this phone since 12/01 and it just completely died . I am standing on top of the base and it says out of range . The caller id never picks up , for that matter , by the time the phone decides to ring , the caller has gone to the answering machine . The static is awful-and it just happened overnight . I DO not recommend this ...
 I bought this phone a year ago and have recently started having exactly the same problem with this phone as other customers - buzzing . It starts after ~ 20 minutes into conversation and makes it impossible to use the phone . I called Panasonic customer service and they suggested replacing handset battery which I was not able to find so far . After reading other reviews , I am hesitant to waste more money on this .
 Always thinks its out of range , doesnt hold a charge , and it was very difficult to use until the display on the handset died this week . Now it is completely usesless . -LSB- money -RSB- down the drain and less than a year later i 'm in the market for a phone again . The new models are supposed to be better , but do n't waste your time ...
 I was one of the first to breathlessly purchase this phone about a year ago . What a mistake ! So many features that made Panasonics early cordless phones the best are gone and instead are replaced with confusing , ridiculous new ones . You ca n't do ANYTHING without the handset and good luck firguring out how to set the time . It is non-intuitive , you have to rinky-dink the phone in place so it can actually re-charge and it 's range it questionable.With so many 2.4 Ghz on the market now , there is no reason to buy this inferior product . My home just experienced an major power surge -LRB- blow-up the transformer -RRB- . The Panasonic KXTG2570 was on the same surpe protector as my computer . The Mac is fine , the Panasonic KXTG2570 is FRIED and DEAD . I 'm happy though -- now I have the opportunity to buy a decent 2.4 Ghz phone.I love Panasonic ; I own their VCR and DVD players and they are excellent . Their early cordless phones were excllent -- they sadly dropped the ball in this one .
 I would have been better off with a string tied toa paper cup . In the entire history of electronics , this is the worst product ever made .
 I came online to amazon.com to search for a new better phone and came accross this one . I already have it and it is the worst phone i have ever had . i 've had it for about almost three years and i should n't have even kept it that long . The battery life is EXTREMELY short . i talk on the phone a lot and i cut almost all of my conversations short beacause the phone needs to be charged . BUYERS BEWARE !!!
 Just like many reviews here , I am stuck with a phone that I ca n't use . After just about 11 months , the reception between the handset and base was so bad I could n't use it . Customer service told me to try removing the battery from the handset for 1/2 hour . That seemed to fix it for a few days , then the ` out of range ' and noise started again . The next cust . service operator told me to also unplug the base unit and the handset from all power , this time for several hours . Then I recharged and tried to use the phone again , but found the same problem . At that point it was 12months and 4 days from the time I received the phone -LRB- I have proof -RRB- and customer service says that I have to pay a minimum of $ 100 to fix it ! They told me on the first call that since my problem was reported within the 1 year warranty period , that they would take care of it if their ` reset ' procedures did n't work . I 've spoken to managers , and higher ups , to no avail . Avoid like plague ! Anyone know what this problem is and how to fix it ? Should be recalled ! Any lawyers interested ?
 I had this phone for about 6 months when all went downhill . Similiar to other reviews I had the same problems . Ultimately the out of range will not turn off and the phone is now in the garbage . It completely stopped working one day and I could only get a dial tone from the speaker button , however , you can not dial with this so I was out of luck and out of a phone . Because i procrastinated I did not send it back to the warehouse as you have to do upon calling customer service.The phone is certainly not user friendly , who wants to press 3 buttons to redial a call and it only stores 30 numbers . I also own the SONY Spread spectrum 900 mhz and prefer it . However , this phone too , has failed on many occasions.The Panasonic ultimately was a big waste of money . With most of these phones , the more technology , the worse they are after a few months of use . I would not recommend this to anyone who wants a phone to last longer than a few months .
 It looks and feels good from outside . But this is the worst phone product I have ever had . Even worse than the 2 dollar phones you get at the local electronics shop . Do n't be fooled with 2.4 Ghz thing . It sounds worse than my 15 year old cordless phone.What they say above is all true . I used this one for only a couple of months and it gave `` Out of Range '' signal . Its reception was getting worse and worse and finally died . We have another one at home . I tried the handset on it , which worked . So the problem was the actual recieving/transmitting machine which has the 2.4 chipset on it.The menu of the product is confusing and not smartly designed . You have a big blue button which should work miracles of OK/Exit/Menu / Up/Down/In / Out etc. . Believe me , it is confusing.Reading from above comments , I feel like I should not send it back for repair , since they do not anyway . With so many complaints , I guess they should be sued or should recall this product .
 I bought this phone just about one year ago and over the last month and a half have been experiencing heavy static and `` out of range messages '' . I currently have the phone away from all electronic componets and have moved it around my place several times but the results have been the same . My last phone was a Sony cordless and I had it for over 3 years with no problems except for my roomate spilling water on it - bad luck . I 'm shocked to see all of the similar issues with this phone and believe that Panasonic should be liable for a full refund - I will not waste my time on another Panasonic phone . Someone mentioned a class action lawsuit . . it might be time to look into that option ...
 I really wish I had read all these reviews before wasting my money on this phone . I have had the exact same problems as most users here -- namely , that buzzing/binging noise that obliterates all other sound and that `` Out of range '' message displayed when I 'm standing right next to the base unit.I 've tried to remedy these problems , to no avail . I let the battery drain completely and then recharged the handset -- the buzzing/binging actually got worse ! After reading here about Panasonic 's customer service -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , I 'm not inclined to waste any more of my time and money repeatedly mailing the phone back for repairs , so I 'll probably end up trashing it . I 've already gone back to my old analog Panasonic cordless KX-T3965 , which has none of the flashy features of this one but is built like a tank and has functioned solidly for six years . Since day one , my 2570 has not been usable as anything but a very expensive answering machine and caller ID device !
 I do n't know about you , but when I shell out cash for the latest tech gadget , I expect all the features of yesteryear and better . So how come there 's no MUTE button ?? And what 's with the annoying menu navigation button that 's no user friendly ?? Panasonic is not the only culprit though because I have tried every 2.4 ghz on the market and 70 % do not have MUTE . What 's going on here , do people not feel the need for privacy anymore ? I spend a lot of time on conf calls from home and I need a MUTE.The phone did have really excellent range though , looks cool and durable , great clarity and no interference . I just need a MUTE . So , it went back to the store along with the others .
 This phone lasted < one month . Pathetic . I threw itout . . By the time you pay for sending it back to a fixit center , packand drive to the mailing point , go without a phone for weeks , it is ahuge inconvenience . Manufactures with lousy product qc , likePanasonic should pay . Panasonic will because I have had it withthem . I bought 6 phones from them recently , -LRB- all $ 200 + -RRB- and I ambatting 4 out of 6 and have had it . Plus , my last models before theseones were relatively short lived , -LRB- two + years -RRB- so I gave these guysplenty of chances They sell high priced phones . . in poor quality andI can only assume it is because of lousy management in qc . Panasonichas no problem charging premium prices , but their equipmentperformance follow thorugh is awful . I got suckered by theattractivenss of their products ... again THumbs down
 This is the worst phone I 've even owned . After a few months of use , it 's impossible to use ever again . Ca n't erase old numbers from the handset . Constantly beeps OUT OF RANGE message when trying to erase . Ca n't hear the person on the other end . Because of this bad purchase , I bacame weary of other Panasonic phones .
 I was happy at first with this Panasonic product because of its great clarity ... it was indistinguishable from a corded phone . However certain problems arose such as the counter intuitive control buttons requiring two steps to redial , the silver paint peeling off , and the large heavy handset becoming quite warm after a few minutes . I got adjusted to these idiosyncrasies , but in about a year and a half after the warranty had expired , my Panasonic phone began developing a strong , pulsing static noise after ten minutes which would completely obliterate the reception forcing me to use my old 900mhz phone . After reading all the other reviews of this product I decided not to repair it because of the numerous horror stories of Panasonic customer service with this model phone . I bought a Uniden with the same features instead ; it was smaller , lighter , functionally easier to use , and does n't roast my right ear .
 The other reviews are right ! Phone worked great for a few years , now displays `` Searching '' `` Out of range '' even when I 'm right next to the handset . Tried calling the cust . service number , but the wait is usually around 16 minutes . Tried a new battery , to no avail . Personally , I did n't think it was too hard to use . I do n't consult the manual at all , and can use all the features . But , do n't buy this phone . You 'll be disappointed .
 This is the worst phone I have ever bought.It was great to hear people with the same problems.The first several months the phone was the best , then static started creeping in . Panasonic would not do anything.I have become very soured on their products because of their lack of support on this issue.Don ' t Buy this phone , it is a waste of money .
 I too bought this phone and within 1 year , the handset went dead so I can no longer program the answering machine.Never again .
 Like most other reviewers , it was incredulous to me that Panasonic would do such a poor job with one of their top of the line products . If I had paid $ 40 for a cordless phone , I could understand the problems I 've had . But when I pay -LSB- this amount of money -RSB- for a phone , I expect a certain level of quality and service.I would rate this phone at a 0 because if its constant buzzing after a few minutes . I paid $ 25 to buy a replacement battery thinking that the battery was the source of my problems . The buzzing is actaully worse , and now I get `` out of range '' errors that prohibit the use of the phone . Also , it 's hidden redial feature amazes me . I searched and searched for the quick redial feature and the one touch dialing which I just knew would be there . I wish I had the time to pursue this with the BBB .
 Produced so much static that we could not hear caller , just after one year use . Sent off to the Panasonic Service Center , after 2 months , I called and they said it was repaired and in the mail back to me . The phone had not been repaired and when I called them about it , was treated indifferently and then they disconnected me . I wrote the company and never received a reply . So cancelled the credit card charge and will never buy Panasonic again .
 For the amount of money that I spent on this phone when it just came out , I am extremely disappointed . It worked well the first couple of months then the coating on the earpiece began to peel ; but I could somehow deal with that . But then , the static noises started appearing and became more and more frequent . A cousin who had bought the same model about three months before I bought mine warned me that his phone had began doing the same thing and that it would actually get worse . And guess what ? worse it certainly got !!! I could not believe it . All I could hear when I was on the phone were loud bangs almost similar to a dialup via modem . Both my cousin and I contacted Panasonic since we were having similar problems -LRB- and were still under `` warranty '' -RRB- but their handling of our complaints were horrible even though they themselves acknowledged that they had received numerous complaints about this model . They pretty much said that they would not help out unless we were willing to purchase a new phone . YEAH RIGHT ! At this point I have sworn off Panasonic for their substandard products and services.Do yourselves a favor and spend your money elsewhere . I understand that their other model KXTG2583 is getting rave reviews but I remain skeptical about Panasonic technology PERIOD .
 i just want to say that after a week only half of it was left . very poor quality .
 My main reason for purchasing the pen was the laser pointer , the stylus , pen and light were a bonus . The laser turned out to be extremely weak and you need to press very hard to make it work .
 Broke within a week of me buying it . The PDA stylus wore down and eventually refused to even switch between the pen . The cylinder chamber inside of the pen wore down so eventually it was impossible to write with . Save up money and buy a better one .
 Tip came off within 3 uses , laser is of course a lazing LED but the life of batteries left alot to be desired .
 This pen looks pretty darn spiffy , but that is about all . The led light is pretty bright and the laser light is pretty good as well . The top part is where the batteries are stored and sadly it does n't stay on too well . The screw place is too small and narrow and does n't hold the top on tightly . It came off a few times and I have gone through all my batteries already -LRB- comes with 3 extra , uses 3 at a time -RRB- . The ink started to fade rather quickly and ca n't be used in any cooler conditions -LRB- I take inventory in walk-in fridges that are around 40 degrees F , and the pen just does n't work there -RRB- . The twisting mechanism is great but the fit is poor , it is really loose and does n't seem to `` lock '' in place like you think it should.This is an okay pen but I would not recommend it . it seems to be fairly hard to find a pen with a laser and light that works well . There are some great pens out there with LED lights -LRB- doctor pens -RRB- and with laser pointers that are more powerful , but it seems all of them together just never seems to work . The pen looks pretty cool and it 's a great concept but the quality of the product just is n't good enough to match its looks .
 Pen and light work but no laser and PDA pointer does n't work with Ipod itouch . No instructions just some printing on outer box
 I like the idea of this pen
 Laser pointer works , but ca n't get the pen tips to come out without taking the pen apart . Will never buy this again .
 Great concept if it worked with iphone and itouchIts a ok pen and laser but the led is dull.Plus it takes foever to get to your house!You should prob . Just buy a laser
 I purchased three of these , out of those three pens only one would actually write . Very disappointed in this purchase
 I bought this 4-1 pen -LRB- laser pointer , flash lite , stylus and pen -RRB- it does everything except one the stylus does n't work on my ipad . Why I do n't know but I really think that it should do what it advertises to do . .
 The pen and stylus did not work . Complaints to the manufacturer were ignored . I threw it away rather than spend any more time or money on it .
 Note that this is NOT Capacitive - will not work with iPad/Touch/iPhone screens . Pen switch mechanism turns one way for pen , the other way for plastic tip . OK , but not an elegant product .
 My 10 year old wanted this pen cause it looked cool . It 's junk . The batteries move around in the battery compartment and you have to reinstall them for the light and laser to work . It writes ok and the stylus is there but it 's sharp on the end so i would n't actually let him use it on his nintendo ds it could scratch the screen . It 's ok for a kids gift for the price but for an adult to use it would n't be worth carrying around .
 Love all the functions but within a week the lights kept sinking further into thr pen making the lights useless .
 Right out of the box , neither the light nor the laser worked . So I replaced the batteries with the extras included in the box , then the light worked only slightly . I mixed and matched the 6 batteries I had because I noticed that 3 of them looked like they had leaked and were in bad shape . Finally I got the light to work but the laser never did . In fact , it looked like the laser was completely missing . I also did not like how the device switched between the pen and the stylus - neither of which were very impressive . I returned the product and I only received half $ 3.50 approximatley of the purchase price and none of the shipping and handling -LRB- mostly handling -RRB- that cost me about $ 15 . If you like to play russian roulette then buy this product - maybe you will get a good one maybe you wo n't . Otherwise I would avoid this product in the future .
 Does not work as iPad or IPhone stylus . I bought a bunch of these to give as presents since many of my friends have iPhones and iPads . Unfortunately it does not work as a stylus . The pen and lights are fine .
 Unfortunately , I find this pen to suffer from poor quality construction . The laser pointer and LED light components of the pen seem to work well -- the other end is the problem . The ballpoint pen writes poorly . The ink does not roll out smoothly . Of course the pen-insert can be replaced , but it 's really not worth replacing . The greater problem with this 4-in-1 device is that the twisting mechanism that allows you to select between pen and stylus is loose -- it 's poorly and imprecisely machined -- so the extruted tip does n't stay out when you apply pressure to it -LRB- i.e. when you try to write -RRB- . You can feel the intended catch when you twist the barrel , however the it does n't actually catch . Not adequately anyway . Point is , you get what you pay for , and I recommend you look elsewhere .
 At first glance this product appears to be very convenient to all of us that prefer to have all in one accessories , but I was sadly disappointed once I opened the box.Yes , it is not expensive , that does not mean it should be cheaply made . The outer material is ok , some sort of metal which makes it look professional and it is not heavy . The design is practical , with the buttons where needed in order to use it while in the go . However , I was never able to evaluate the light as it simply did not work . At first I thought it was the battery , so I changed them and tried again ... nothing . It simply did not work.We are located in Mexico , so there was no point on paying more than what the product 's price to send it back to US and replace it ... after all , the product itself as mentioned , its just cheaply made .
 This is truly a disapointment . The pen does not work , the light does not look like a LED light and the laser does n't shoot solid red dot . I dont recommend this pen to anyone who will use it for work . I recommend this pen as a paper weight or toy for a 7 year old . I was very disappointed with this product .
 Love all the functions but before buying it , when i received the lights kept sinking further into thr pen making the lights useless . it stopped working after two hours of use
 This laser is illegal in Australia and can not be imported . I had confiscated by customs through the post . Save your money , do n't attempt to get this into AUS .
 Quality/Looks of product
 I bought this as a gift and checked it before wrapping it . I removed the battery paper , as directed , and the light , did n't work . It , also , did n't come with the extra batteries , as advertised . Disappointed .
 Does not work on Blackberry , Blackberry Playbook , or Apple iTouch . I only purchased to use for my Playbook . It looks nice but that 's about it .
 I bought this item because i needed erasers for my pencils because i am an engineering student and go through a lot of erasers . I ordered these thinking they were a good deal but a few weeks later i saw them in stores for 2 dollars . I would suggest you buy them in stores instead of on here but they are good erasers .
 The product did not fit together properly when assembled . It was good for the kids to see the gears inside and how they worked , but disappointing that it did not work as expected .
 If you have high expectations for the Hydrazoid robot you will need to lower them to get any enjoyment out of it . It 's not all bad , but it is disappointing . On the positive side , the directions are clearly written , the parts fit together nicely , and it can be completed in less than two hours with no frustration . The build process and design alone makes it better than many other kits.There are too many issues to make this product worth the cost . For example , the motor - a standard small electric motor - is too weak to adequately power the robot . It will move the legs , but it strains to do so . The simple three gear assembly is easy to put together , but it is a single purpose assembly and is too basic even for a 7-year old . The robot itself once assembled is somewhat impressive until it is turned on . At that point , there will be sighs
 Advertised as case w/8 rolls of tape . I ordered 4 and got just 4 rolls not 4 cases with 8 rolls . Item description should be adjusted .
 I buy items from Amazon usually on a weekly basis and most items are outstanding . These envelopes stink , when you try to adhere the envelope there is not enough stick em to seal so each envelope you have to put a piece of tape on it .
 It 's good paper for `` THAT DAY `` This is not for long term use . You will see that after the very first wash . Matter of fact , there are n't ANY heat transfer paper that you can use for long term use . If the first wash does n't show you , definitely the second will.Go vinyl or silk screen , for long term.Go Heat Transfer Paper for short .
 I chose to purchase HP iron-ons due to having an HP printer and the reputation of the HP product lines . However , I was not happy with the performance of the HP iron-on . It was not as smooth a lift from the paper onto desired material item . Nor was there a completely clean transfer , again due to inadequate lift from the paper . This was unsatisfactory in the results I aquired , and less than adequate , based upon my experienced with other iron-on clothing transfer product lines -LRB- such as Avery -RRB- -- I am sorry to report . Using Avery has always been consistently successful.6-sheet 8.5 x11 Letter T-shirt TransfersHP C6049A Iron-on Transfers
 I tried this product on several types of fabrics and found it extremely difficult to peel off the backing once the image was ironed onto the fabric . The transfers that did `` work '' were terrible quality . I ended up having to go to Michael 's and get a different brand in order to accomplish the quality that I have experienced in the past . I have found that any of the transfers that require you to print the reverse image are not as good in quality as the ones you print the normal image of and peel off the backing prior to ironing . I tried to go for the best deal , but in the long run it ended up costing me more .
 I bought these because I have an HP printer and figured they would be best for the shirts I want to make . I could n't get them to take for anything in the world . I put the pressure on it , ironed them longer , everything you can think of and they still would n't take . Then when I finally got one to take it completely cracked and crumbled and started peeling off before an hour was up . It never made it to the wash , so now I am out the money I paid for them and still have no shirts . Any other brands you suggest instead ?
 I was tricked by the positive reviews of this product . The transfer process is not easy whatsoever . I planned to come out of this having beautiful shirts , however the process left me feeling very agitated . It is not worth the time spent in the least .
 They 're easy to use & they look great right up until you wash them the first time . Light t-shirt transfers crack & peel something awful , I 've never known one to last more than one wearing.If you 're going to make a t-shirt , get the kind that says DARK t-shirt transfers . I 've got a closet full of Office Depot & Avery brand Dark t-shirt transfers -LRB- many transfered onto white shirts -RRB- that look great and I wear them every weekend . It costs a little more , but they actually work , making it well worth the money .
 I tried the iron-on transfer paper in my HP Deskjet 970 printer . I ironed my design onto a 50/50 cotton T-shirt . It says you can machine wash these iron-ons , but when I did so , the iron-on design fell to pieces in my washing machine . It was a major mess to clean up my machine ... And yes , I did wash it in cold water as instructed ...
 Easy to use and iron on . Looks great !! But that is before you wash it . If you intend to use more than once , forget it . We followed directions perfectly and the shirt was still ruined .
 The pictures usually crack by the first washing . -LRB- Definitely by the 3rd or 4th -RRB-
 I used this product for a fabric christmas present . I followed the directions to the T and my project looked great until I washed it . The photos started to crack and started peeling off of my project . I used the correct fabric and waited 24hrs before washing etc. . I did this twice and got the same results . I will never buy this product again ! What a waste of money and alot of my time !
 I 've done this a number of times ... making `` Big Brother '' or `` Baby '' t-shirts . When using the HP paper , the white transfer backing stands out substantially against the white of the t-shirt . The end effect is that of a 1970 's `` patch '' . I had better luck when the paper had to be `` reversed '' and then transferred onto the t-shirt .
 I got these to make t-shirts for an event . It 's a good thing a friend had backup , because , even after following directions , mine did n't work . I printed and gave one to another friend and his t-shirt came out very `` so-so . ''
 We 've used three iron-ons . The first two faded and cracked after only a couple of washings and the third one did not transfer well at all . We 're planning to throw the rest away and start with another brand of paper .
 It sticks well to the fabric AND really well to its backing paper . The only way I can get the backing paper off the fabric is to alternate peeling small strips off with scrubbing with a soaking wet cloth . Nothing else gets it loose . And the end result is ugly and STILL has a layer of paper scraps over it . `` Peel off '' - no WAY . I ca n't even peel two inches off.What a piece of garbage . The Avery dark transfers go on beautifully and stay on beautifully too . I 'll take that over something that wo n't even let go of its paper any day - the rest of these -LRB- after three attempts - I should have quit while I was ahead ! -RRB- go in the trash , where they belong .
 I do n't know if we got a bad batch or what . The iron ons would not stick . With more heat they just turned white and fell apart . It was a total waste of money for the transfers and for all the ink it took to print our logo onto them . I was hoping our shirts would look 1/2 way decent , but they look cheap . It was totally disappointing . Major waste of money .
 We 've used three iron-ons . The first two faded and cracked after only a couple of washings and the third one did not transfer well at all . We 're planning to throw the rest away and start with another brand of paper .
 These iron on transfers are terrible . I 've used the avery brand and have had great results . This time I went for the cheaper HP brand and have already wasted 4 sheets trying to iron something on . I 'm following the directions and have experience using iron ons in the past , and these are a waste of money !
 We now have about eight of these phones in our office and we are looking for a new system . After buying the first four we were very pleased , everything worked great . After adding on another four phones the intercom system stopped working . Now the system randomly intercoms each phone . These phones are very sensitive and your phone lines need to be perfect for it to work right .
 I bought 3 of these for my home solely for the intercom feature . I have tried everything and I can not get the intercom to work . I am very unhappy .
 AT&T / Advanced American Telephone does not sell replacement parts like the handsetDear Jim , Thank you for your recent inquiry to our Customer Service Help Desk.Unfortunately , Advanced American Telephones does not sell the handsetsor the bases as separate parts of our products.We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.Sincerely , MarlonNational Service CenterAdvanced American Telephones
 I bought the 955 with Caller ID , but this is the closest to review . I have only three lines , but bought a 4 line so that I can expand . The headset would not allow me to access the Centrex special dial tone to transfer calls out of the system . AT&T 's customer service reps were TOTALLY USELESS and uninformed . After an enormous waste of time , I returned the phones . It is amazing to me that AT&T would create a phone that can not be easily used with the Centrex system .
 I own four , all on `` Do Not Disturb '' because the intercoms ring constantly .
 In our office we use four of these phones . We have only been in business less than a year and have already returned two phones . The only reason was buzzing in the earpiece . We have determined it is from where the phone plugs into the reciever . I had hoped it was just one bad phone , but after already returning two I have two more that are buzzing when you answer them and during conversations . If you pull or push on the cord you can sometimes get it to clear up . In a business it just does n't sound very professional when you have to make excuses for your messed up phones . I 'm now looking for a new system .
 Bought 4 phones 2 years ago but now one phone 's intercom rings automatically and when that phone is unplugged , other phone intercoms dont work . Also other phones can now `` listen in '' on conversations . Not a quality phone for a business .
 I tried 3 -LRB- count 'em , three -RRB- of these phones , thinking my first two were duds , but all three had poor handset quality . When speaking louder than a whisper , I heard my voice `` break up '' -- similar to the sound of a blown sterio speaker . I called AT&T 's troubleshooting line and they suggested I try the phone in other jacks , in other configurations , etc. , but the handset quality was still poor . Other features and displays on the 954 were great -- but not great enough to offset the bad handset sound .
 Then do n't buy this phone ! We bought five , and every last one is a piece of junk . Callers began telling us we sounded like we were talking through a pillow or from the bottom of a garbage can . We have surely lost customers as a result .
 While I do n't particularly find much use for most of HP 's premium paper line , their glossy papers offer a sufficiently distinct printing experience that one can easily find a use for them . They make excellent paper for final copies of work you intend to display , or even for stuff you merely intend to archive.This glossy , however , is not particularly recommendable because of its low value-for-money . Only ten sheets are available here . For virtually the same price you can get their professional brochure & flyer paper , which is double-sided and comes in a 50-pack . I therefore ca n't see an economic rationale to buying this otherwise excellent paper . Look for HP product number C6817A instead .
 while evaluating and choosing a paper product , an expert would look for the scientific weight -LRB- metric g/m -RRB- . Your packaging , lists and samples are missing this information . Also it would be good to know whether a piece of paper is acide free -LRB- archival -RRB- or not . Maybe the luminocity level ??? michel makhoul
 This one-sided matte-coated paper is fast-drying and odour-free . Since the coating is on one side , there is a small grayish logo on the other side to remind you which side to print on . Both sides are nearly as white as the HP uncoated Bright White Paper normally sold in 500-page reams , and you can print on both sides with good results . If you really need photographic quality , there is no beating using a glossy paper . Even the generic brand glossy paper will surpass the performance of this matte paper.Where this paper really falls down is its high-price . There are many other brands of coated papers with equally good , equally SHARP , equally BRIGHT COLOUR performance in the matte-coated paper realm . Some of those other papers are even coated on both sides so that you can print equally well on both sides . I know ; I have bought over ten different brands of matte-coated papers to test them before using in higher-volume printing with the HP Deskjet C6578 family of cartridges -LRB- and refill ink -RRB- . I would like to point out that if you use this paper , you should use it only for one-sided printing . While you can print on both sides , the uncoated side will appear different -LRB- even if it is black-only text -RRB- when compared to the printing on the coated side . For such purposes , I recommend a paper that is coated on both sides , and there are quite a few that are -LRB- and lower-priced than this HP paper -RRB- . This paper seems slightly reactive with HP ink . An immediately-printed image seems to slightly change in colour over a one-day period -LRB- when comparing an older image to the same freshly-printed image -RRB- .
 While it 's true that this paper has a high brightness rating , its utility is plagued by the question of market . Whom is it trying to reach ? It 's labeled to be specifically useful to HP printer owners , so if you 're not in that group , you can keep on shopping . But if you do have an HP printer , one of the things you 'll immediately notice is how great they are , by-and-large , at the job of reproducing color . So good have been the models released in the last two years , in fact , that it 's actually quite difficult for the average layperson to see the difference between work completed on this and similarly high-contrast paper made by Xerox or other , more traditional paper manufacturers . So then the question becomes , why would you spend so much money for 200 sheets of this paper , when you could elsewhere get equally bright paper at higher quantities for a lower price?I 'm still not sure of the answer to that one .
 I agree with the reviewer , H.A. Scarbro . `` The LCD screen on the DBE-1450 is much less legible than on previous models . '' There are several features of the new model that I particularly liked , including the hinged cover . However , the LCD screen is such a serious deficiency in that I can not recommend the purchase of this product . Before I posted this review , I sent it to Franklin to give them the opportunity to respond . They chose not to respond .
 I purchased this for my trip to Mexico ... save your money and either buy a good one or do n't buy one at all . This did not have most of the basic translations I needed to even get around . It does have a translation from Spanish to English which I thought would be helpful but even that was useless . I handed it to someone who spoke no English so he could type in his word and then I could translate to English ... No Luck ! After lots of frustration , I just gave up trying to use it .
 Packaging is so difficult to remove and the attachment for the cover is so delicate that the cover broke off from the body of the device when it was opened . Not recommended until packaging and design is changed .
 Conjugation is vital for spanish ! This dic has very little to none . If you already know how to conjugate then this is a good dic but if you do n't then this will still be a big problemo for you !
 I bought this for my Dad who recently moved to Canada to live with my brother . He is over 70 years old and does n't speak English at all , and he started taking some English classes . He said he just started using it and that is good . I know it 's not a very good review to read , but I have no more to say , Sorry
 Spanish-English-Spanish dictionary on MMC Card for Franklin EbookmansI found the Franklin Spanish English dictionary very difficult to use . First , it is not easy to see the screen unless you are in excellent light . Second , the directions for use are insufficient and I have not been able to type in an English word and get the Spanish word and the monitor to say the word in Spanish . The only way I have figured out how to use it is to type in the English word and get the Spanish spelling and then type in the Spanish word . I thought this would be a great way to learn the pronounciations as well as the spellings of words I knew in English and wanted to know the Spanish pronounciations . However , I have found it so time consuming and difficult that I 've given up and ordered a regular book dictionary .
 Two weeks and the screen is cracked and useless . I had it in my purse with the lid closed , but I guess the cover is so flimsy that it did n't protect the screen . If I were to buy it again , and I 'm not , I would also buy a hard case to keep it in . Ca n't discuss the features because I never had a chance to really explore them .
 The Spanish to English and vice versa is ok but extremely low level . Many times I would input a word in English and it gave me a very similar word in Spanish , only adding the a for the gender difference -LRB- masculine or feminine -RRB- . The batteries always died within a month . When I called the company they said `` sorry , we do n't cover that . `` Also , the English dictionary is horrible . There were more words that I could not find than find . I constantly had to keep going to a regular dictionary .
 I bought this dictionary because Franklin advertised it as `` America 's # 1 selling '' bilingual dictionary . It may be # 1 selling but the screen is barely visible . If I hold it under bright light , I can read it . Otherwise , one gets severe eye strain . Also , it is very slow in looking up words . As one reviewer pointed out , the dictionary is censored so that you ca n't look up even slightly off-color slang . I saw a book on the shelf at Barnes and Nobles with the Spanish word `` mierda '' in the title . This word does not exist in the Franklin dictionary , even though it is common Spanish parlance and appears in virtually even other dictionary on the market . I feel ripped off and wish I had spent this amount of money on a decent dictionary . I had a chance to check out the Oxford Spanish-English dictionary and it looks much , much better , though I did n't buy it because I sunk my money into this one . Now I regret that I wasted my money on the Franklin.I have had this item now for a couple of weeks . I tried using it to read `` The Invention of Morel '' and found that the Franklin dictionary does not contain most of the words I do n't know . Try looking up `` pileta '' or `` movedizo '' or `` agolparse '' or many of the words in that novel . You just get an error message that the Franklin dictionary is `` sorry , ca n't help '' you . What good is a dictionary that contains only words I already know and not words that are unfamiliar to me?Another problem
 I am an interpretor for a major hospital and bought this dictionary to keep from having to carry around a large paper dictionary for the occasional word I have to look up . I was extremely disappointed with this product . Merriam Webster advertises that this dictionary has 5,000,000 translations ! Do n't believe this ! The Larousse unabridged spanish-english dictionary only advertises having 400,000 translations , but try flipping to any random page of the larousse dictionary and go down the list looking up the same words with DBE-1450 for comparison . you would notice that about half of the words in the larousse dictionary would pull up no result on the DBE-1450 ! I used this electronic translator for about a week with my job , and was frustrated enough by the incompleteness of the dictionary that I sold it to a patient for a few bucks less that what I paid for it ... besides the fact that the dictionary did n't have about 80 % of the words I tried to look up for my job , it seems to be about twice as thick as the older version -LRB- DBE-1440 -RRB- . I guess the increase in size is due to the new touch screen technology of the newer version , but I 'd much prefer cutting the width and weight in half even if it meant having to touch a button instead of a screen ! . . I had the DBE-1440 for about 3 years and was very happy with it until it got stollen a few months ago . Hopefully I can get a hold of this older version again , but unfortunately you can no longer buy the larousse version of the franklin electronic translator ... The only positive thing I have to say about the product is that as far as I know , there is no better -LRB- electronic -RRB- alternative that is currently manufactured ... For those who are taking early level spanish in school or are just starting to learn the language , this product might serve you fine , but I would not recommend it for someone trying to master the language .
 I am majoring in Spanish in college . I needed something to help me with my homework . This is a good dictionary , but the verb conjugation is designed very badly . You have to hit a function key and an arrow key to move between tenses-then there is a little `` page turning '' symbol for 4 seconds.That means if I want to get to the subjective tense , it will take 40 seconds of watching that stupid little symbol turning `` pages '' and pressing buttons over and over . If I wanted to turn pages , I 'd use the book . The long and the short is , I can conjugate verbs quicker with my 501 verbs book than this thing . When you enter a conjugated verb in , it does not translate it for you , it goes to the dictionary and gives you the infinitive . If you want to replace your dictionary , this will do ok , and buying the flash card makes it almost a PDA , but the card did not work right either . I 'm not interested in buying any other Franklin products after this .
 I get this traslator 4 weeks ago , It can not turn on , I follow the instructions and nothing happens!Dont buy It doesnt work
 I 've used mine for about a week now , and honestly , I would not buy it again -LRB- I 'm returning it -RRB- , due to the very poor screen . It is really not readable unless you get it under a VERY bright light . Other than that , it seems to work ok , but the screen is a killer.Ron
 I bought this Webster translator thinking it would be an upgrade from my current Franklin 1440 . I was greatly disappointed , rather than a wider vocabulary it is more limited . I would be difficult to express how disappointed I am with this product . I will continue to carry and use my previous Franklin-Larousse 1440 which I purchased for approximately twenty dollars less . For me , purchase of the Webster has been a complete waste of money .
 My family went on a one week spanish immersion trip to Mexico over Spring break . I knew I could n't bring our college sized paper spanish-english dictionary . So , I bought this electronic spanish-english dictionary for the trip . The dictionary arrived the week before our trip . In the Mexican airport , I looked up gasoline at the car rental counter and everything was going fine . I put the electronic dictionary in my pocket . I went out and picked up the car . When I pulled the electronic calculator out of my pocket in the car , it was already broken . The screen cracked and was solid purple . We had n't even left the airport yet . This product should have withstood the stress of being in my pocket . I was without a dictionary for the entire trip . Can you believe the thing broke within a week of my purchase ? At 40 days after the purchase date , I called Franklin and asked for a replacement since it is under the one year warrenty . They said that the warrenty does n't cover the screen . I read every word of the warrenty and it says it does n't cover the batteries but it does n't say anything about not covering the screen . Do n't buy this thing , it breaks too easily !!!
 With all due respect to Marlon Brando 's character in On The Waterfrom , `` This coulda been a contender . '' But like his character , it turned out to be a bum.The dictionary seems to be OK , but the claim of 5 million translations can only be marketing hype . There must be some funky way of counting `` translations '' to get to 5 million . Franklin , by the way , not Merriam-Webster , is responsible for this deception since they are the ones marketing the device.The foremost problem with the device is the screen . To be blunt , it 's a crappy LCD screen . Nothing like you would see on an original iPod , for example . The letters are so dotty sometimes that it drives me dotty.One tip that is essential here . YOU CAN CHANGE THE CHARACTER SIZE . Go to the opening screen for `` BOOKS '' -LRB- use the `` back '' key to get there if you 've been using the device and are n't there when you turn it on -RRB- and press the menu key for `` SETUP . '' The menu keys are the five keys right below the screen , and in this case , it 's on the far right -LRB- under `` SETUP '' -RRB- . Then press Enter to select `` SETTINGS . '' Scroll down to `` TYPE SIZE '' and choose `` LARGE . '' My device came with the type size set at medium , and at times it was absolutely illegible . Changing that made a big difference . By the way , you can also change the duration of the automatic turn-off feature from 1 to 5 minutes in 1 minute increments , though limiting it to 5 minutes is a bad design choice by Franklin.The next most serious problem is the keypad . In terms of legibility , the letter keys are fine . Each has a light background with a large , dark letter on it , but the keys that perform a function , such as space , enter , back , cap , menu , clear , etc. , are terrible . They are keys with a dark background with very fine light print on them . The print on the function keys is silver in color . If I hold the device so I can read the screen and press the letter keys , I ca n't read print on the function keys ! No way , no how . I have to tilt the device to change the viewing angle so the print on the keys shows up.There is plenty of room on the function keys to expand the print , but Franklin did n't take advantage of that . Moreover , while having the function keys be a different color than the letter keys might be a reasonable design choice -LRB- though there are a gazillion computer keyboards where the color of all the keys is the same -RRB- , Franklin should have used a light color for the function key with black print.Next , the keys themselves are flat , mushy keys . Use a BlackBerry for 2 minutes , and you will wonder how Franklin could have chosen these keys . -LRB- Answer
 I owned the Franklin DBE 1440 for years and was happy with it . Although the screen was n't very bright , in every other way the thing functioned very well . Lost it a few weeks ago and purchased the DBE 1450 model to replace it . YUK ! The 1450 has an even DIMMER screen . Its almost unreadable . I find myself running over to a lamp or a window to it make out.Also , the 1450 's verb conjugation function is controlled by a button on the new touch screen instead of a button on the keypad . Design mistake . I preferred the good old keypad . The touch screen buttons are tiny , dim , and difficult to use . I plan to return this model.Can anyone recommend a pocket translator with a bright , easy to read screen ??
 The LCD screen on the DBE-1450 is much less legible than on previous models . I have owned seven models , all of which were much easier to read.I adjusted the contrast on the DBE-1450 to get it the best I could , and I got it in the best light that I could find . Then I compared it to an old Model DBD-440 that I have . The old DBD-440 was light years ahead of this new model in the legibiity of the screen.Why would Franklin put out a screen so much less readable than the older models ? I believe the problem is the touch screen that the company has chosen to put on top of the regular LCD screen . Bad choice . The touch screen replaces buttons , which did a better job , takes up one line of the already limited screen , and reduces the legibility to barely , in good light.Franklin makes the best of the electronic dictionaries that I have tried , but this screen is a pain . My advice is to get some way of trying out the screen before you buy this model , and see if you think it is as bad as I do . Another alternative is to seek out a model without the touch screen .
 I ordered this same electronic dictionary three times and all three times the arriving product did not work . I am guessing it was because in each instance there was no plastic slip protecting the battery from premature contact and discharging.I returned the product those three times . When I decided to then buy the version 1500 , it worked perfectly -LRB- AND there was a battery protective plastic layer -RRB- .
 This is a handy item , but rather limited in content . It does n't contain the majority of Spanish words I search for .
 For quarter-fold cards , these are completely adequate . In fact , Amazon 's price and low shipping cost means that you 'll come out ahead over buying at most retail outlets.The product 's major flaw is precisely that they _ are _ quarter-fold cards . You 'll rarely find a quarter-fold at a card shop -- especially not made out of heavy card stock -- because they 're bulky and impermanent . They 're twice as thick as the more standard two-fold cards . And if you can fold them , your recipient can unfold them . This destructability fairly screams `` I was made on a computer in someone 's home office . `` So why do so many people buy this product ? I guess because the sheets are the same size as North American letter paper , they `` feel '' familiar . Maybe , as well , the format is a hold-over from the 1980s , when dot matrix printers reigned , and there was no other convenient way to make cards but by quad-folding . Or perhaps it 's because a two-fold card in the small invitation size is rarely -LRB- if ever -RRB- available at most retail locations.Whatever the reasons , your end results with this product will look as cheap as the card stock costs .
 Got a second one after the first one stopped recording after less than a year . The second one did n't work from the start . Will try something else .
 This was the second AT&T answering machine I bought . My first one lasted over two years before it fried . For some reason , I figured AT&T would still be my best bet . Wrong.This machine started to go n the fritz after a few months . During playback , messages would drop in and out . These glitches made many messages irretrievable . And the problem has only gotten worse.I am now fed up with this product and AT&T . I will never buy another answering machine from them , and neither should you .
 The answering machine is pretty simple to use . I do have difficulty understanding the callers messages . Messages sound muffled and unclear , as if they are talking through a tube .
 This is not a very good machine . It has a good automated greeting with a male voice saying simply , `` Hello . Please leave a message after the tone . '' However , sometimes it would only say `` Hello - '' and then the rest of the automated outgoing message would be cut off and the machine would go straight to the beep . I returned one of these machines because of this , and the one I exchanged it for did the same thing . Another problem is that it lets a caller just keep punching in an infinite number of touch tones without hanging up on them . If the caller happens to hit on your three-digit remote access code , the machine goes right into the remote access menu , where the caller can do pretty much anything with your machine or even listen to what 's going on in your home with the machine 's `` monitor '' feature . I would not recommend this machine . AT&T does not automatically mean quality like it used to .
 I 've only had one problem with this machine but its a big one . It 's cuts callers off in the middle of their message ... no where near the 4 minute mark . I 've had hang ups on friends and business customers .
 Stupidly I bought a second one of these after the first one failed . As with the first one , after about a year , it was randomly not recording some of the messages . Prior to that , and if it were not for this problem , I was very happy with it .
 Although my sister has rave reviews for another AT&T answering machine model , I have been disappointed with this one . The AT&T 1717 has a poorer playback quality than the analog model I used to have - if this were the only problem , I would still recommend it as a medium-grade answering system at a fair price for the features it offers . The fact that it also cuts off random messages , however , prompts me to ask for a return . This answering system looks good on paper , but does n't follow through with reliable performance .
 This machine does not perform . It began to fail after eleven months and finally stopped after thirteen . So we 'll keep looking .
 We were quite satisifed with this answering machine for about four months . It was easy to use and had good sound quality . And then its performance slipped dramatically . It stopped responding to some calls , and sometimes it would make it so that the phone connected to it would have no dial tone and be unable to answer calls . We then tried it on a different phone line with a different phone and still had the same problem . It seemed to work right about a third of the time , and we ended up replacing the unit . But it was great while it lasted .
 i bought the 1717 after my old lucent died after 7 yrs . first one , the outgoing message became inaudible after 1 wk . 2 wks . the outgoing msg . was inaudible . does ' t keep outgoing volume mute if you retrieve msgs . you will hear if you do n't set the volume down to 3 beeps . why ?
 This machine is good if you only need to hear half of each message . It was very consistant with disconnecting while someone was still speaking .
 Highly recommended -LRB- for the price -RRB- if you do n't mind it breaking down after a year and a half .
 Clock time change did n't wor
 I bought this for my husband . The screen is too dim for him to see . When I called the company the reaction of the `` customer service '' moron was pretty much `` tough luck '' . I was hoping to exchange it for a better model -LRB- and pay the difference , of course ! -RRB- , but was n't allowed that as an option.Unless you have super vision , and/or money to waste , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I had great hopes for this organizer but although it saves to Microsoft Outlook , it changes the order of the words . Search therefore is difficult in the organizer 's address book . It also does n't allow the user to scroll except by individual name . There used to be better ones !
 Very primative . This organizer works to organize information , but it wo n't sync with my computer . What good is it . If you only need a handheld date book this is the product for you .
 I had hoped that this would be a cheap way to organize my life and get rid of my paper mess . However , it did not live up to any of my expectations . I read some other reviews before buying it that said it did not sync well but that was not a feature that was very important to me so I was n't worried . It was very cheap though , the screen and interface were very 80 's in style , it was loud and confusing and frustrating to input data and to retrieve data . I really would n't recommend this to anyone , it 's just not easy or practical .
 I was unable to get it to sync up with our computer and we have Windows 2000 . So it was no use to me .
 There is NO day-at-a-glance kind of screen ! I do n't know how Sharp could develop and market a product without a daily view . -LRB- The unit only shows weekly or monthly views that are limited in content . -RRB- If you buy a paper day-planner -LRB- or a PDA from another manufacturer -RRB- , what 's the key building block of the system ? A DAILY VIEW.I bought this as a replacement for a Casio PDA , since this has a similar interface/OS , but Casio no longer makes a PDA model . Too bad -- this one stinks .
 I purchased this Sharp Wizard . I received the Wizard , but NOT the appropriate software , nor the cord that would connect it to my computer for communication to the device . The vendor will not provide me with a credit for my purchase , but wants me to send back the Wizard ! Guess what ... They are not going to have the wizard returned until I see the credit on my bank statement !
 This is a piece of junk unless you have much younger eyes and can put up with an almost completely unreadable screen .
 Do not waste your money on this PDA . My previous PDA was a Z22 , which developed a problem after 2 years . I decided to replace it with this PDA . What a mistake ! The graphics and electronics compared to the Z22 was like comparing the Sony Wii to the first Atari system . Do n't waste your money . I am returning it immediately and buying another Z22 with an extended warranty .
 Oh My GOSH ! What a piece of junk . I am no tech wizard so I bought this because it was one of the cheapest PDAs that I could find . I read good and bad about it . Essentially EVERY bad review about it is true . I paid $ 45 for this thing only to have it be a clunky piece of junk that does not work even to a fraction of its limited and outdated functions . It is on it 's way back to amazon . I bought a Palm Z22 for only $ 40 more dollars and it is unbelievable . It 's like going from an atari to an xbox 360 . The Palm is sleek , sturdy , an all color display . It syncs with outlook and my yahoo calendar . It has tasks , games , picture alubum , and an amazing amount of features . With graffitti it even recognizes your hand writing . I ca n't describe the differenc . To install my Wizard software I had to call tech support twice . I had my Palm software loaded and totally synced with the handheld in 3 steps that took literally only a few moments . DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . Save up $ 85 and get a Palm !
 I 've had an OZ-590A for a couple of years - a gift from my lovely wife.At first , after a bit of a learning curve , I got it to work.But winthin the last year and a half , no matter what I do , it will import addresses from Outlook , but in triplicate ! So they 're all there , but when I need to find someone , I spend 20 minutes wading through the multiple entries . I put up with it but would never buy this again . The time is sync ` ed , Outlook is running , and almost everything is shut down -LRB- at work we can not shut off McAffee fully - and really should n't have to . On the other hand , I 've sucessfully imported before ! So something changed but I do n't have a clue what it is -RRB- . Using XP Pr 2002 SP2 .
 Well , like other smartbuyers hope of getting best bang for my buck . I purchased this item coz I need a not so fancy gadget to store my MS Outlook data . It 's been a struggle from the start trying to sync this unit with Outlook . Actually it 's not even connecting , am always getting a TIME OUT ERROR!On the good side , other features are great ! But the reason why I bought this is to have a smooth sync with my Outlook . It 's like having a $ 700 cellphone with the gamut of techie features but forgot one small thing , able to use it for calling someone.Back to the store !
 This product proved to WASTE more time than provide a friendly time-saving fix . I realized that the device synchronized some of my appointments , but not all-day events like birthdates and anniversaries . I also realized that none of my Outlook address book contacts were synchronized . This device is a waste of money , for any customer . I received this item as a christmas gift . After realizing that a PDA was a great idea , I chose to purchase a HP iPAQ h1935 Pocket PC . It sells for 200.00 and is worth every penny . If you are a mobile phone user , I would recommend purchasing a Samsung i700 which combines a Pocket PC with digital camera and cellphone .
 I had this item for 1 week , dropped it one time on the carpet and the screen cracked , making it completely unusable . I called Sharp to have it fixed and of course , since I dropped it , there was nothing they could do . What they could 've done in the first place was make a product that was more durable and would n't break so easily , so as a result I do not recommend their products .
 I never received the product . I emailed the company twice to ask what happened and never received a reply so I would rate that company as very , very poor . Amazon 's service however was terrific as they refunded my purchase price quickly .
 It 's hard to use and I am NOT impressed!It 's going straight back ...
 This product has terrible display quality . It is hard to view in a bright room and the resolution is disappointing at best .
 I have been a user of PALM for several years and now am retired , but find that using a handheld is part of my life . I do n't need a handheld with a lot of bells and whistles , but this no doubt is one of the worst ones I have come across . I changed batteries at least three times upon receiving this personal organizer and it still did n't work ... a hint of things to come.I finally ordered a PALM again so that I could get my life back again . So save your money on this one and invest a few more dollars and get something that you can count on .
 Although I have had mine for a while , I ca n't sync it and there are lines running through it and I ca n't make out the date , YES ! I have put two new batteries in it . Still the same .
 The software will not load correctly on my networked printer . There is no synchronization
 Well , this thing started out great and left me very frustrated . I have had it for 18 months and initially I was able to manage my schedule very well , although it was slow to put in new appointments . the trouble came when i tried to hook it up to Outlook , which I rely on heavily . `` No connection detected '' or something like that , was all I could get . So , the unit quickly became a paperweight when I could n't back it up or update it from Outlook . Why should I enter all my appointments and contacts twice?I struggled for a while and still have lots of addresses in it , which really sucks because the screens -LRB- I have TWO of these -RRB- both developed vertical lines that made my phone numbers indistinguishable.My son will be using these things for target practice as soon as I get my new Palm Z22 . My advice
 Lousy ! The screen has multiple vertical and horizontal &#34; grid lines &#34; that preclude seeing data that is entered where these lines appear !
 Amazon Join PrimeKen 's Amazon.comToday 's DealsGift CardsCustomer ServiceShop byDepartment SearchAll All DepartmentsAmazon Instant VideoAppliancesApps for AndroidArts , Crafts & SewingAutomotiveBabyBeautyBooksCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing & AccessoriesCollectiblesComputersCredit CardsElectronicsGift Cards StoreGrocery & Gourmet FoodHealth & Personal CareHome & KitchenIndustrial & ScientificJewelryKindle StoreMagazine SubscriptionsMovies & TVMP3 MusicMusicMusical InstrumentsOffice ProductsPatio , Lawn & GardenPet SuppliesShoesSoftwareSports & OutdoorsTools & Home ImprovementToys & GamesVideo GamesWatchesHello , KenYour AccountJoinPrime Cart10WishListReview Your PurchasesSharp Wizard OZ-590A Electronic OrganizerSharpHow do you rate this product?I hate it It was not a model A and not compatible with my system !
 This product has everything I wanted , so excited to get it . Unfortunately , there are `` sun lines '' -LRB- ? -RRB- vertical and horizontal across the screen obscuring the view . I can not even tell what time it is . Not sure if it is because it is an out of date product , though new . It came in its package . I wrote the sender and Amazon but no response . Though the price was certainly incredible , I am still without a product . Sorry ... if one can find one without defects , please let me know ... I still want one .
 Buyer beware !! This item does NOT sync with Outlook 2007 or newer office products . Sharp does not have anything out to help you with the sync problem . You basically can get your email to sync with it but that is it . We tried exporting our calendar to a csv file and importing it and it did not work either . Very disappointed in the fact that they dont tell you this in any of the documentation .
 I got the Sharp Wizard because I just wanted a simple way to organize my calendar and to-do list without spending tons of money on a bunch of functions I did n't need and wo n't use -LRB- aka a Palm Pilot or Blackberry -RRB- . In the beginning I was pleased with this product . But over time I noticed that it has some serious flaws in the way in synchs up to microsoft outlook . It duplicates tasks and meetings , erases some meetings and keeps others , and sometimes things you 've added to the Wizard wo n't show up on Outlook after you 've synched it.It 's a nice little product if you 're not thinking of hooking it up to a computer - once you do that though it becomes more of a pain than anything . Not only that but recently I 've found that a synch will succeed about once every five tries . Otherwise it just sits in `` preparing schedule '' mode for literally 20 minutes before the synch is terminated by the system.Folks just spend the money and get something better . I give it 2 stars because it 's easy to use and the layout of the functions is simple . However the task list slips out of `` date due '' order all the time and just lists them in seemingly random order . There 's no way to sort tasks other than `` done '' or `` pending '' . If you sort by date in outlook it rarely shows up that way on the Wizard . Also schedules on the wizard are listed by day - but each day does n't show the date on it . So if you 're looking at several days worth of meetings you ca n't tell what day of the week you 're looking at.Lastly - the memory just is n't enough . I 've had the unit about 4 weeks and have n't put that much in it and already it 's down to 75 % free space . That 's just not enough.I would not recommend this product .
 THIS MODEL WAS REALLY OUT OF DATE ... SCREEN WAS NOT LEGIBLE ... REPLACED IT WITH USED PALM TUNGSTEN E FOR MORE MONEY ... IT WAS WORTH THE DIFFERENCE TO HAVE FAR BETTER GRAPHICS
 This product really has been a waste of money and time . I am already looking for a replacement . The scheduler does not work well , and trying to keep up with calendar changes has been difficult . The screen is hard to read.In the end all I wanted was the ability to have a portable calendar and address book -- something simple . This simply does not work well -- the calendar is difficult to use/read . I tried to transfer my address book from an older palm into the computer and then to the Wizard -- it does n't work , so if I do keep using this , I have to enter the entire address book by hand . Bummer.I really am disappointed in this .
 I purchased the Sharp Wizard OZ-590a and it is not compatible with Outlook . I was very disappointed when I fould out . If Amazon.com supports companies the sell defective products or allow companies that misrepresent products , I will not use Amazon.com for any further business .
 I did not receive this item . I paid for a new organizer and received a refurbished one . I contacted the company and then sent the refurbished item back . They could not locate a new one so my money has been refunded .
 This item was not worth the money I spent on it , the battery life is very low and the back light as well and it would not comunicate with my computer so I was not able to down load my emails it said I did not have Outlook Express on my computer which I do duh !! I was unable to enter names and adrresses , it just is a waste and it will begiven to my grandchild to play with
 seldom do i write a review downgrading a product but this one is truly the exception . i bought this one on ebay and thought i was getting a good deal . price-wise , it was great . however , it would appear that the designer of this organizer tried to put so many features into it that it ends up doing nothing well . the directions are terrible . they are extremely difficult to follow . i never could get it to sync with outlook . i fear that today i will waste more time trying to get it to work . i owned one of the first palm pilots and it was child 's play in comparison . in this case , you get what you pay for . do n't purchase this , you 'll be sorry . Take care , it 's a time bandit and even if it were to function flawlessly , the design with all of its attempted functions is way too much . punch this button to get to this screen which will take you to the next screen , ad nauseum . do you carry the manual with you . put together in another country and probably by someone not entirely familiar with the English language . truly disappointed with this worthless plastic .
 I read the reviews about the hard to read screen but I 've had other Sharp products and counted on my past experiences which have all been good . I was wrong on this decision . The printout on the screen is way too light to see without bright light and the background light does n't help enough . I adjusted the contrast and tried different batteries but it just is n't dark enough . The fake printout covering the screen looks good but its about five times darker than the actual printout the organizer is capable of doing . I returned it .
 Maybe it 's a bargain if your time is free ... Do NOT buy this item if 1 -RRB- you do n't already use Outlook for addresses -LRB- not Outlook Express , not Windows Address book , or any other third party software -RRB- , 2 -RRB- do n't always follow the instructions letter by letter , or 3 -RRB- are n't willing to battle finicky , very poorly programmed sync software.The unit itself is nice . It 's got a good display , and navigation is OK , and the unit 's built in functionality is sufficient . I personally think that a refurb Zire is a better bargain , but if you 're not willing to learn graffiti , this is a reasonable unit to get.The sync software , however , is something to be reckoned with . It 's a total , complete disaster , and there is n't yet an update available that fixes what I would consider show-stopping problems . First , the xxxA unit is n't really USB , but comes with one of those super-cheesy USB-serial conversion cables that works if the phase of the moon is right and you 've done no system software fiddling whatsoever . Worse than that , the sync software does n't manage buffer overflow at all - if the very slow processor in the unit gets behind , the sync sofware aborts the sync . Given the very slow processor in the unit , it can take upwards of 11 syncs -LRB- wonder why the sync resume works so well ? Must 've been the only part of the software that was tested extensively ... -RRB- to get a reasonably sized address book over.Almost anything out of the ordinary will cause the sync software to freak out . This was done by junior-grade programmers who could n't think outside of the instructions . An odd setting , anti-virus software -LRB- ! -RRB- , or some other difference between your system and what the programmers expected will cause you to waste hours trying to get things working again.So , really consider if the small amount of extra money for a refurb Zire unit and the need to learn graffiti balances out sync software that promises to be a constant thorn in your side . There are apparently people for whom this thing works - just let this be a warning about what you may be getting into .
 After seeing this I read the reviews and thought it would be just what I needed.I purchased one and after I put the battery in and hit the `` Power '' button I was n't sure if it had turned on . So , I pushed the backlite button and the screen became lighter . The symbols and letters were almost impossible to see.I went through the menu and turned the Contrast as high as it would go in both directions . No good . The screen was just too hard to see and almost impossible to read . I 'll be returning it tomorrow.Maybe I got a lemon ? The sticker on the screen was easy enough to read .
 Just not worth it . Punch this button to get to this screen which will take you to the next screen , ad nauseum . do you carry the manual with you . put together in another country and probably by someone not entirely familiar with the English language . truly disappointed with this worthless plastic . Seldom am I this disapointed in a product but this one is truly the exception . i bought this one on ebay and thought i was getting a good deal . price-wise , it was great . however , it would appear that the designer of this organizer tried to put so many features into it that it ends up doing nothing well . the directions are terrible . they are extremely difficult to follow . i never could get it to sync with outlook . i fear that today i will waste more time trying to get it to work . i owned one of the first palm pilots and it was much easier in comparison . in this case , you get what you pay for . do n't purchase this , you 'll be sorry . .
 I could n't use it with Windows 7 . Completely useless to me . Called CS and they said it 's not compatible . Thankfully , they let me return it . I do n't really know if it 's any good at all since I could n't use it . Just a warning that you need an older OS to use it .
 The scheduling portion is TERRIBLE . Hard to read and there is no calendar . Have to look at every appointment to find anything .
 This product would be the right solution for us but it does not work with Outlook 2007 , only the older version . Therfore , we bought an updated Motorola Cell phone -LRB- at a much higher cost -RRB- that has the capabilities we need .
 I actually really like the way this unit looks and operates . It had great potential to be exactly what I wanted and needed.My main reason for purchasing this is that I have lots of meetings and appointments , and I 'm not always in front of my computer with outlook running . I really need something that would synch up with outlook and give me reminders of all my appointments.THIS ORGANIZER WILL IGNORE ALL RECURRING OR MULTI-DAY SHCEDULE EVENTS !!!!!! I could not believe this shortcoming when I began using the unit . The majority of my meetings are recurring . I would have to go into outlook and change all my recurring appointmenst to one time events , and then copy them over and over ... The worst part of this is that Sharp has the knowledge needed . A freind of mine has a cheaper model with far less memory , and fewer features -LRB- Sharp YO-290 I think -RRB- , but it synchs up with ALL the outlook shcedule events.If Sharp had some sort of patch to fix this I would keep it.But since they say in the ReadMe.txt file -LRB- which you only see after you 've purchased and installed the software -RRB- that this unit will not display repeated schedule events , it sounds like they do n't intend on providing a fix . So , my 590 is going back .
 I was very dissatisfied with this product . Mostly , the screen was very difficult to view and there were not enough options for data entry such as changing the keyboard . Also , trying to sync with Outlook was easy , but it does not sync everything correctly . I returned the product ... thank goodness for amazon !
 I guess there 's are reasons that other electronic organizers are twice the price as this one ... FUNCTIONALITY and QUALITY ! Two things this organizer is dreadfully lacking ! I 'll probably end up giving mine away as soon as I get a new one . The features are so cumbersome , it 'll take you forever just to create an appt entry ... and forget about trying to repeat the appt ... no such option ! The display is extremely difficult to see in normal romm light , but at least the backlight option is good in the dark . Next time , I 'm not going to buy one of these without TRYING it first !
 This is a nice organizer for the price . Easy to use and has all the basic features , but it would n't synchronize with Outlook 2003 on a Windows XP computer . Without the sync feature , it 's worthless to me.I contacted Sharp support several times , but they could not find a solution . Despite this , they referred me back to Amazon for a refund , which I ca n't get because it 's been more than 30 days since I received the product.I 'm unhappy with the product and I 'm unhappy with Sharp .
 Stay away from this pile of junk if you know what 's good for you . I bought it and it has been nothing but a nightmare . Jams all the time , ca n't send more than two pages at a time without a line error or paper jam . It feeds the paper poorly which causes it to jam and then it prints out a page explaining the error thus wasting paper and printing film . I wish amazon had zero stars because one star is too much !
 This fax machine is absolutely horrible . If you have more than 2 pages to fax , you 're in trouble . After trying to fax page # 3 , you get line errors . This has happened to me EVERY time I try to fax something . Spend your money on a better product .
 The item shipped is not the same as the one pictured , even though it is the same model number . What was shipped is an ugly tan with green and brown memory and tax keys . Not attractive at all .
 I have owned this dictionary for about 18 months . Used it once in a while , however , its screen started to show signs of failure not a long time ago . The Ectaco refuses to repair -LRB- I was told that they , actually , do not repair its products at all , they just replace them -RRB- , and asks ~ $ 200 to exchange it for another model which will probably last another two years ... I have two Ectaco electronic dictionaries , and based on my experience , all of their products are overpriced . Their Customer Service is far from being perfect .
 This frikkin thing is inferior to the one that came with the phone when I bought it ! I was listening to music in the office and i turned in my chair , the cord caught on the arm of the chair and it popped out . Now with the original piece it would not have broken . But this newer cord broke in 2 weeks flat !!
 The HPM-70 earbuds are quite poor quality compared to at least two other Sony-Ericsson models . I was surprised given their supposed original list price of $ 30 . I looked hard for indications that they were fake , but they seem genuine , are branded Sony-Ericsson , and came in original type packaging.Sound is not that clear , and is very lacking in bass . This is not fixed by boosting the bass input.Nothing like the HPM-77 for sound quality and fit . If you want to use them for music as well as speech , get the HPM-77 which are very high quality.The built in microphone with included switch to allow receiving calls is very useful if you are listening to music when a call comes in . This feature is also in the mores expensive HPM-77 .
 Sony Ericsson OEM Original HPM-70 Black Stereo Headset for K510a K550i K790a M600i P990i W200a W300i W580i W600 W610i W660i W710i W712a W800 W810i W880i W950i Z310a Z520a Z525a Z550a Z710i Z750iIf you had to use this just to answer your calls , its fine . But its certainly not for music !!!! its so terrible ... The audio quality is 2/10 . I just bought it becos it said it was ` original '
 Wow ok well when I saw this , I was like ok great this is exactly what i want and it came with all the parts and everything was fine . Although when I opened it , the earphones themselves are screwed up , One of the cords attaching the listening piece is longer than the cord to the other listening piece which causes even more problems because then the part where you plug it in has very little cord and you have to hold your ipod or phone close to you or it unplugs because of the length of the part that plugs it in . This normally can be adjusted on any other earphones but not on this one , If you try to adjust it , it wont budge , i tried even harder and i realized why . There is no extra cord , if you take off what looks like the adjusting piece , it just has the non-insulated red and yellow wires . This just pissed me off because it came uneven and thats just how it is and theres no way to get it back to its regular way.WHATEVER YOU DO , DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 -LSB- Black Color -RSB- OEM Original Sony Ericsson HPM-70 Stereo Earbud Handsfree Headset for K510a K550i K790a M600i P990i W200a W300i W580i W600 W610i W660i W710i W712a W800 W810i W880i W950i Z310a Z520a Z525a Z550a Z710i Z750iI should haver known better ... The price seemed so low that I should have wondered what I was getting for the money . The picture shows a different headset altogether , one that will answer phone calls and comes with a microphone . What I received was a very cheap looking unit , with no microphone or answer button , and encased in simple -LRB- and tacky -RRB- heat-shrink tubing . The base that plugs into the phone is weak and flexible , so that it pops out with the slightest side pressure . The earphones were on short wires so they kept getting caught on coat collars and such . The maximum volume was much lower than the original equipment . Two weeks later the earphones would no longer work . I bought another set of earbuds that work fine and are more comfortable . As long as I use a rubber band to hold the base plug into the phone , it will work OK . Still , there is no microphone or answer button , so it is an inferior unit .
 I bought this phone refurbished and it does n't even work ... I let it charge for like 15 hours and absolutely nothing . Is there something I 'm missing here ?
 The pros
 This scale is very temperamental . Sometimes it works , other times it does n't . Spend a bit more money and get something good , this is not the right choice for anyone .
 My church decided to purchase these to make it more efficiant at the time of making the deposit to the bank , the deal seemed perfect only that when we received it and was ready to use we found out more than 50 % of the straps where not stick as it should so we ended up placing scotch tape : -LRB-
 These straps did not stay together . They kept popping open and i ended up taping them all It was very frustrating . I contacted the company and they asked me if I would like a new set and that was the last I heard from them
 The tape is extremely thin . Do n't misunderstand Commercial-Grade to imply high quality . Only good for sticking mailing labels to the packages .
 Yes , I use scotch packing tape exclusively and this particular product is very thin and difficult to work with , as well , it is not that sticky and does not hold to the package well . I have ditched what I have and will not be using it again .
 I read the other reviews and thought , `` It 's tape . How bad can it be ? '' Well , it 's that bad . I would definitely recommend looking elsewhere . The Duck tape I had purchased at a local store had more tape per role and worked much better .
 Maybe I bought the wrong tape type . But this tape is thick and seems strong . But does strong mean anything when it ca n't stick to a box at all ?
 Everyone else seems to love this packing tape ; perhaps I got one from a bad batch ? Mine has almost * no * adhesive power - it feels as if it 's sticking by static electricity alone . You can pull it off the cardboard incredibly easily ; it barely even sticks to your skin , when you 're working with it . ** Note that I bought it from a local RiteAid pharmacy , not Amazon . **
 There are n't a whole lot of things to say about a tape dispenser . This one is clearly meant for small jobs and if you are sealing a lot of boxes this one will only lead to frustration . First of all the cheap design of it means you have to hold the cylinder on the sides . This also means they ca n't include much tape since your hand has to fit around the entire piece . The tape was suitably sticky to seal my box but when I cut the tape with the serrated edge it would snap back onto the roll every time which means I have to go back and use my fingernails to peal it back off the roll . For a single box or even several boxes this might not be a big deal but if you planning on moving and have a lot of boxes pulling the tape back off the roll each time will get really old . I also had a problem with the tape tearing when I was pulling it back off the roll however I 've never seen a tape dispenser that did n't have that problem . On the other hand if it did n't snap back onto the roll each time I would n't have to worry about it tearing.Scotch claims that this is refillable but God only knows how you get a new roll of tape on since it fits over a solid plastic axle and it has the look and feel of something disposable . This is clearly intended for the budget conscious customer but for my money I 'd spend a little extra to get a quality tape dispenser with a handle that actually is reusable and can hold more than this tiny roll of tape .
 I found this product very hard to use . To start the tape I had to struggle with the tape to get is started and lost a lot of tape in the beginning because it would not start properly and only half the tape came off . Then I had to struggle to keep the tape flowing as I taped a box together . Being a former Army wife I have moved many times and have used packaging tape more times than I would like to think about and this tape was the worst I have seen . It is too bulky , hard to start , hard to remove protective cardboard from blade . All in all I would not buy this tape dispenser again .
 I believe that Amazon outsources for this product , but BELIEVE MY REVIEW , AND THE OTHERS ON THIS PAGE . Even though someone complained here in the reviews a full year ago , I took my chance anyway and GOT BURNED.You do NOT get 6 rolls ... you get TWO ! The company that sends these out , tears off -LRB- sloppily ... pathetic -RRB- two rolls from a six pack , and throws it in a bag and mails it to you.TWO ROLLS FOR THIS PRICE IS A RIP-OFF ! You can get these cheaper ANYWHERE else on the web!I lost my packing slip , so I could n't return them , so I lost a lot of money.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! Frankly , I 'm amazed at AMAZON ... with all the money they make , you would think that they would have someone read these reviews once in a while . Someone complained in here that this was a rip-off a year ago , and Amazon did nothing about it . They still advertise it.Shame on them , and shame on you if you spend money on these rolls of tape .
 Even though the description says that it 's for a pack of 6 rolls , I have ordered this item , twice , and both times -LRB- despite promises to fix it -RRB- I received only 2 rolls . Avoid ordering this item !
 As others have noted this phone has many well thought-out features.I particularly like the flashing light/button that announces whether our phone-company supplied voice-mail has any new messages and can dial directly in to pick up our messages.I find the display is hard to read - it really does need a back-light , and I need to have fairly strong office lighting on in order to read it.However , the most significant day-to-day problem is that -LRB- as the technical-details link shows -RRB- the speaker-phone does not have a Mute feature.This makes using the speaker phone problematic.Most of the speaker-phone scenarios that I run into require an easily accessed mute function.Finally , there are 8 levels of speaker-phone volume , but the 4 highest levels are too way too loud - the entire plastic housing buzzes and vibrates with the dial-tone . If only Panasonic had made the lowest volume setting into ` Mute ' they would n't have needed to add an additional button and they could have done away with the -LRB- useless -RRB- highest volume setting.If I was going to do it again , I 'd buy a different desk/speaker phone .
 Update , June 2011
 Made the mistake of buying this instead of the Heavy Duty that has the Blue label . This is not adhesive enough and feels flimsy . Very , very frustrating .
 I have bought this tape in stores before and did n't have a problem . Buying it from Amazon was a mistake , the tape must have either been old or was exposed to extreme temperature changes , because the tape would n't stick longer than a day or so . Unfortunately I found it out after packing half of my apartment one night . Aughh !
 I 've used a lot of packing tape over the years and I am dissatisfied with this brand . Although the tape is strong it does n't stick to the boxes very well . I 've come back to boxes that I back a few hours ago to find the tape has peeled right off .
 I have never had a lousy experience with a packaging tape . But this is completely ridiculous
 I purchased this tape to seal boxes that I would be storing in the attic . We have Brown Recluse spiders in the house and I did n't want them finding a home in the boxes being stored . I wanted a tape designed to handle the extreme temperatures found in an unconditioned attic space . Since this was advertised as `` designed with a long-lasting adhesive that works in hot or cold temperatures '' , I ordered a 4-roll pack last fall and used it to seal several boxes . Unfortunately , the tape did not perform . After only a few months , the tape began pealing off all the boxes I applied it to .
 This is the first amazon order that I have been been totally disappointed in . The tape acts like it is old or has been frozen and damaged . It will not come off the roll even with a dispenser without taring . I have used many different packaging tape over the years , and I love the Scotch brand , but I do not recommend this particular tape .
 Complete Waste of Money . Bought 3 four pack rolls and NOT ONE roll worked . Tape splinters , splits , has to be restarted by hand .
 This is the worst packing tape ever made.Bought a multi-roll package at my local BJs club , and I was totally disappointed to see that there was no stickiness on this tape whatsoever.I mean , anything you seal comes right off.If you want packaging tape that really does what it is supposed to , go with the DUCK brand . It 's my favorite .
 I agree with the review written by Lars . This tape is worthless . It does n't stick to the boxes . It sticks when you apply it but when you come back a couple of hours later it has come off . Also it does not tolerate temperature changes . I put some boxes in the attic , only to come back a couple of weeks later to find the tape has come off .
 Something has happened to Scotch packaging tapes . They used to be great . But , we have purchased roll after roll that do NOT stick to the package ! We have purchased all the kinds that Scotch sells , and none of them work anymore .
 This tape is terrible . It rips apart on the roller , and you end up losing the tape edge and wasting a ton of tape . I just spend 30 minutes taping a package that should have took a few minutes because this tape was so easily ripped . Do n't buy it .
 Absolutely no stickiness ; I mean NONE . Wo n't even stick to a cardboard box and that 's what it 's supposed to be for !!
 the tape is very thin ... If this was some cheap no name brand I will say `` well , you get what you pay for '' ... but this is from 3M ... very disappointed .
 This is the first time I am disappointed in Scotch tape , but when I peel it off to start using it the tape is splitting . Very frustrating . This is why I usually pay extra for Scotch brand , to avoid that problem , but this particular tape is disappointing . In the future I will stick to their mailing tape .
 Less than 18 months old . Very lightly used . And it broke . `` Mechanical failure '' according to the tech guy . Sadly just beyond the year warranty . Not recommended . I 've got a busted one to sell if you want ...
 Broke within a year and a half with practically no use . Mechanical failure . This is a lemon .
 Same thing here . 18 months and `` mechanical failure '' . Very lightly used . What a piece of junk .
 1 . Franklin seems incapable to show phonetic symbols for pronunciations .2 . The hardware itself can play mp3 files , but the dictionary itself is mute .3 . It supports uploading via usb but no firmware/dictionary upgrade is possible.After I placed the order and the order went to DigitalEtc , I could not cancel it anymore -LRB- via phone or email -RRB- and I have never got response for my emails . I refused the package and was required to pay for the shipping and credit card costs .
 This product only plays mp3 files , it does n't play wma files at all . The hardware player works fine and the choice of volume types is diverse . It allows you to switch from the player to games , calucator , dictionary modes with no problems . However , I would suggest to some buyers beware , it is not what they believe it to be from the packaging . I learned the hard way but at least where I got it from was n't the advertised price online . I got from Office Depot in person on sale for under $ 49.99 . So , it is not too bad but they could done better for such high profilic company .
 I purchased this item as a portable dictionary so i dont have to bring my Dictionary Book everywhere.Guess what i am back to Book ... !! This dictionary did not have all the words i would say 85 % of the time it gave me meaning . I think this ratio should be higher.Games are alright , you will get bored soon as it will start repeting the same words.MP3 is ok but too slow , also the dictionary overall is slower too.Battery life is great , i never had to change battery.Screen contras is good but quality is pathetic.My screen started detireoting over period of time , it started missing vertical lines and exactly at a Year and a Half it lost most of the vertical lines . Cant read anymore.Since it is out of warranty no one will help , not even for responsible recycling.I would rather spend money in a book than this one .
 You will still need either a good book or a friend to help you figure out how to hold the pen and make the letters . This is just a kit w / paper and pens and the pens were n't even that great . No matter how you write they do n't make lines that transition between fat and thin . Might as well use a regular pen ... I am kinda dissapointed and will keep looking for better pens.I give it 2 stars for dollar value .
 This product did not live up to my expectations . The ink cartridges leak , the pens are made of thin plastic and are not durable , the ink cartridges are difficult to install . It was a very disappointing christmas gift for my 10 year old daughter . Next time I wo n't buy something like this online ... I 'll buy something that I physically see and use .
 Any pen or pencil will do for the basic practice of calligraphy -LRB- which means `` beautiful writing '' -RRB- . The beauty part comes from the scribe 's own regularity , grace , and good eye , not from the writing implement . The other absolute necessity is p-a-t-i-e-n-c-e . Becoming a good scribe wo n't happen overnight . It 's like learning any other art form , such as how to play a musical instrument
 My husband and I bought this storage shed because it was the size we needed , and the Rubbermaid label made us think it would be a quality item . It took us four hours to assemble it , and it was extremely difficult . We 've assembled lots of things before -LRB- to save money -RRB- and it 's usually no big deal , but this was the absolute worst . Some sections of this storage unit -- particularly the roof and the door hinges -- required a lot of brute force to get the parts to fit together , and it would have been impossible for one person . We plan to caulk various sections because we have no confidence that the storage unit 's construction will keep out the rain or snow . Also , a drill is required -LRB- but not mentioned in the instructions -RRB- because there are no pilot holes for some sections . We are disappointed in this Rubbermaid product . For the price we paid , this should have been a quality item !
 You may have read under `` Features and Performance '' in the product description above that `` Laptops fit securely on the iCurve thanks to the nonslip grips . It takes a significant effort to slide the computer along the top of the iCurve , and even then it budges just a little . `` Would that that were true ! Or should I just say , `` NOT ! `` After my 17 '' MacBook Pro slipped off the iCurve the other day -- and I luckily was able to grab it before it continued its slide off the desk and onto the floor -- I threw the iCurve into the trash . This was n't the first time the `` nonslip grips '' failed to work , but it was the last for me.I 'm replacing it with a Rolodex wire mesh laptop stand -LRB- seeRolodex 82444 Laptop Stand , Adjustable , Ventilated , Cord Organizer , Supports 15-Lbs . -RRB- , which does n't have the nice storage area underneath for an external keyboard , but which does have a raised front edge to prevent slippage , something the iCurve sorely lacks .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- ---------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY
 I was a Packet8 customer for 4 years . WHen I started to have technical problems after moving to Arizona , I discovered just how bad customer service can be . I opened a problem ticket describe the poor quality of connections I was experiencing . The problem ticket was ignored for months , and I could get no response even after multiple attempts . When I finally cancelled my service with Packet8 and transferred my number to Vonage , I foumd that the worst experience was with their billing department . Packet8 continued to bill my credit card for 5 months . I have as yet been unable to extract a refund . I reported the incident to the FCC and am waiting to see if they can help deal with this company . Do n't expect help from Packet8 if you have a problem . Vonage has excellent customer service , so far .
 They are cheap we have them for our business . Their customer service for business customer is the worst . They will keep you on hold while your business phone do not work for 40 and 50 minutes . You get what you pay for . Be prepared even with a T-1 line to have to unplug your phone to get a decent connection . If I could afford better I 'd go elsewhere . I use Vonage at home with no issues
 Beware , while the equipment works alright , the customer service is atrocious . I had packet8 service for several months and decided to go back to a standard landline for quality and bundling issues . I ported my number , and called the cancel my packet8 service . I believed everything was taken care of . Packet8 billed me for 5 subsequent months after the number was ported out , and even after escalating the issue to their supervisors , they refuse to give me credit for the service fees even though there was no number on the account on which to use the service.If you choose to purchase this product , you are warned , you are dealing with an unscrupulous company that is so happy with their terms and conditions that they can not use reasoning to make a decision .
 Customer service is atrocious . Numerous e-mails with a simple billing question went unanswered and , like a previous poster I was billed for service for several months after I had ported my number to another provider , notwithstanding that there was no longer a phone number assigned to my Packet8 account.Prior to transferring service I had numerous technical problems -LRB- which was why I dropped service -RRB- - STAY AWAY !!!
 This was very hard to set up in fact i never did get the emergency call to work right then the hand set stopped working and the push buttons became sticky speaker quality was poor .
 Purchased from an instructor in a class I took . Did not work out of the box . Called the company-returned the scale . After paying for shipping , insurance , they refused to accept the scale . Called again -- they described a process different from what was on the warranty . Considering it would cost me another $ 15 to send it across the country , I opted out of the worthless piece of junk . There was no sorrow on their part . I noticed when I unpacked the box to throw the scale away that there were pistachio shells in the box . I did not have them there when I sent it and it appears that they opened the box , read the letter and invoice , ate some nuts and returned the scale and the nut shells to me -- figure that out . Do n't buy one .
 AVOID THIS SCALE AT ALL COSTS ! The lifetime warranty is a lie ! The scale worked for me at first but then stopped working and only showed `` 0.00 '' no matter what I tried ! Please , save your money and invest in something worth the money .
 I am very disappointed with this scale . It lasted less than 4 months with occasional use only . I will never buy another Weightmax product again . It works initially , but it really last much longer than such a short time .
 Worked for about 5 months then stopped - as others mentioned here
 Ugh ! I bought this scale for my home-based business only to have it break after one time of use . The thing does n't even turn on . I tried changing the batteries , plugging it into a different outlet -- nothing . So , I called the company and spoke to a very nice sales rep. They sent me another scale to replace my defunct order . But , IT DOES NOT WORK EITHER !!!!!! The company knows that a percentage of these scales do not work at all due to some internal problem . THIS PRODUCT SHOULD NOT BE ON THE MARKET !!!! It is a waste of money . I am still trying to get my refund from the company and am now getting the run around.Spend the extra money to get a scale that works ... . in this case you certainly will get what you pay for . A cheap piece of junk !
 ac adapter does not work . poor quality . drains batteries . broken in less than 3 months .
 I received this scale and used it to weigh about 4 light packages -LRB- 2-3 pounds each -RRB- . It seemed to work just fine . Turned it off , went to bed , tried to turn it on in the morning and could n't get it to turn back on . I tried plugging/unplugging it , putting the battery in/out ... nothing.Suffice it to say - I 'm not impressed . This scale also just felt ` flimsy ' to me , so I simply chose to return it . After about $ 15 in total shipping costs to me and back , this $ 20 scale is n't feeling like such a deal anymore . I 'll buy a different one next time.FYI - the seller seemed fine about generating an RMA # for my return ; so I am not taking issue with them at this point - just with the low-end , broken scale .
 Very strange , I received the scale , tested it once and then put it away until I needed it . Now several months later I need to use it and it does not work . I tried adding a new battery in , but it does not work ? I am mailing it back to the manufacturer today and I hope they test the replacement several times and ship one to me that works well , as I look forward to using it . If all goes well I will certainly change my review to a much higher score .
 I have a small home business and purchased this to help me reduce trips to the post office.It worked exactly one week and then quit !! do not buy this piece of junk .
 Stopped working after one day . Return policy is a hassle and has to be returned to a different vendor . My first one had a lifetime warranty but the one returned to me has a 10 year . It 's really just a POS .
 I suppose it 's true , if it 's too good to be true ... it is ! This scale has not accurately weighed postage while on battery , always showing approximately twice as much as the actual weight . It is a little closer when plugged in to the power cord , but still is not accurate enough for me to trust ... am still having to head to the post office and have them check the weight/postage I have on it . So far , and do n't think this is going to suddenly correct itself , have either been over or needed additional postage . Shopper beware ... I 'd keep looking for a postage meter , if doing again , and not stop here just because of the low price !
 I bought this because I did alot of shipping . I loved it because it gave exact weights . Unfortunately after only a couple of months it started messing up and finally died . It was quite costly and probably would not buy again since it broke .
 I ordered the WeighMax 35lb Postal Scale and was very disappointed with it . When weighing the same parcel several times , it gave me several different weights . I finally took the parcel to USPS and it weighed completely different there . Also , when using the AC Adapter the first day , the product gave several error messages and would shut off when I did not want or expect it to . When I tried to use the 9 Volt Battery instead , it would not fit properly into the machine and also gave error messages . I actually had to return the product and bought a scale locally instead.If you decide to purchase this scale ... PLEASE READ THE RETURN POLICY FIRST ! This is the first issue I 've ever had with an Amazon product in five years so I never read the return policy beforehand ! Even though the product was obviously defective , I still had to pay the initial shipping and handling charges .
 I had this for maybe 30 days ... barely used it . Just died on me ! Do n't buy this !
 Out of the box , this scale worked just fine . I plugged it in and tested it with batteries as well as with the AC Adapter.A couple weeks later , I pulled it out to weigh some boxes and there was nothing . No power even with the AC adapter and nothing would register with refreshed batteries either . It literally had sat on a counter for several weeks without anyone touching it , so no damage could have occurred.I was given an address to return the scale to - the manufacturer of this product and not the person that sold it to me . Unfortunately , the package was returned to me as an address unknown . I had to purchase another scale in the meantime as my website is going live very soon.I did ask the seller for a refund , but since the scale is under warranty , he indicated I needed to send it to the manufacturer . I 've asked for a refund , after paying an additional $ 11.75 , to send the scale to the manufacturer only to be returned to sender.Needless to say , I 'm still waiting on resolution and am not pleased . I would n't buy this scale with all the hassles of warranty with manufacturer versus seller . And by the time I send it back to the seller , if he agrees to take it back , I 'll have spent just as much on postage as the scale was worth to begin with!I did buy the Ultraship 55 Lb Electronic Digital Shipping Postal Kitchen Scale from here at a bit more cost , but it arrived within two days , has some extra features the original scale does not and works like a charm . The new scale did not come with AC adapter however , that 's extra and was included with the Weighmax .
 I recieved this scale as a Christmas present and used it the next day . At higher weights -LRB- over 1 lb -RRB- it works ok . The scale intermittently will not register items below 1 lb so attempting to measure lighter items does not work all the time . I have another scale that I have been using for a few years that has a max capacity of 5 lb which has no problems with items weighing as little as 1 . oz but when I attempted to use this scale for the same items it either never registered or gave inaccurate readings . Since I weigh items from 1 . oz up to 25 lbs I wanted a large capacity scale to do both but this is not one I would recommend .
 Like another one of the reviews , I too used the AC adapter ; I was able to successfully weigh one item , then turned the scale off . The very next day , the thing would n't even turn on , even though I had n't even touched the thing since . The battery did n't work either .
 The manufacturer knowlingly sent out a scale that they knew would not work ! When I called to complain they said that they knew these machines would not work and if I returned a battery cord-as proof of purchase they would send a replacement machine.I have it now-but too soon to see if it is working as advertised.Bob
 I got this scale for the small price and the small size was also convenient to use in my office for shipping small items . But when I put my first package on the scale to weigh it , probably about 2-3 lbs , it only gave me the weight in Kilograms or Ounces.This was not useful because I had to recalculate the conversion to pounds and still ended using a Flat rate priority mail box because I wasnt exactly sure of the weight . I thought I would save time and money with accurate postage weights and printing my own shipping labels with the scale , but maybe the one I got is defective.Yes , I did use the mode button on the side , but it only gave me the choice I mentioned above.Im sending this one back , postage paid by the seller because of the defect . Maybe I might get another one later on , but for now , I will hold off on buying one.Oh , I will add , that it wasnt a super heavy scale , but it has a decent weight and feel to it so I have given it two stars for that . I wish it just did weigh in pounds , then I would have kept it and given it a five star rating . I hope this helps anyone out there .
 I got this piece of Junk today and it turned on ... but it did n't weigh anything !!! It stayed on zero and I at first thought `` Well , maybe I should take the battery out and put it back in . '' I did that five times then tried the cord too five times . Still it would n't weigh anything.I suggest NOT buying this or any scales off the internet . Instead go to Office Max , Staples or even your local post office . ... At least you 'll be able to return it much quicker AND get a quality product if it DOES work.Also most of the positive reviews are probably fake . I never buy a product if it has only positive reviews ... that 's why I bought this .
 Sorry to say that I love the scales but it does n't sevive the post office . With all the tossing around they do I have had two scales and niether one of them made it to me in working condition . If I could get it locally it would be a great product.Kathy
 Just purchased this scale , and , while I like the size and some of the features , the on/off and mode buttons are poorly placed , and do n't always work . I 've been playing with it today , and I seem to have to spend way too much time pressing those buttons to get anything to happen . Do n't know if this is a flaw in this one machine , or if it 's a problem with them all . In any case , I 'm thinking of sending it back .
 This scale works but it is very sensitive . You can not have the batteries in while using the AC adapter but the instructions do n't tell you this . I was about to return it but then I took the batteries out and it worked . You must put your item on gently and do NOT touch it while the scale is determining the weight . Ok for the money but I wish I had read a review first so I would have known , I would have spent a few more dollars and bought something a little more sturdy .
 Seller just phoned me at work and wanted me to remove the negative feedback I 'd left three days before . I told her it 's the truth and will not be removed : `` Lasted two days before breaking . -LRB- would n't turn on or do anything -RRB- We shipped it back and finally received a replacement . It 's working so far . `` I think seller is very unprofessional to do this and will be filing a complaint with Amazon for the harrassment at work.Dave C.
 I bought a Weighmax on ebay in February 2008 . As of summer 2009 it 's not working -- nothing happens when I try to turn it on , whether on battery or plugged in . From the look and feel of the product it seems a little cheap and the company sounds pretty marginal judging from the customer 's experience with their service department . It 's made in China , not that I think that 's automatically bad but it 's not inherently a harbinger of quality either . Unfortunately I ca n't find the product info , ca n't locate contact info for Weighmax and probably it 's not under warranty anyway . So I would not recommend Weighmax products -- let 's be honest , the main selling point is that they 're cheaper , and now we know there 's a reason for that .
 I did not receive my a/c adaptor with my order . I have emailed twice . The second time I received a response . I have yet to receive my adaptor . I am not happy . It was the deciding factor in choosing this scale . The scale is fine , it 's the service that needs help .
 I purchased this calculator for a managerial finance class and it died a month into the semester . I tried resetting it to no avail . I had to purchase another one because I could not go without it for a couple weeks while it was being replaced under warranty . Overall , I was very disappointed and I would not recommend purchasing this calculator unless it is specifically required for a class .
 This is a good calculator as would be expected from Texas Instruments , who have been in the calculator business for decades . A calculator should do the functions that it is supposed to do , which this calculator does . However , like several other 's have noted , the keys can be a challenge . I 've had to start over after entering a number due to the numbers not enterring as they should have . A good press of the keys takes care of that issue , but most calculators do not need to have the keys pressed firmly for the correct operation ... If Texas Instruments could redesign around the key issue , this would be a five star calculator , as the case and display are well designed . I have only used this calculator for a total of maybe 15 - 20 hours , and the keys may work better over time , but I have not seen any change during the timeframe noted.Update 6/16/11 - I 'm hoping that I ended up with a lemon , and that this is not an indicator of TI 's quality standards . I 'm dropping my rating from 4 stars to 2 stars . The decimal button works only when pressed firmly as do several other buttons on this calculator . When taking a timed test in a finance class , this calculator really failed me because of these issues . Even being aware of the issues with the calculator I found myself having to redo calculations several times for most of the problems due to the calculator not taking the decimal point . In over thirty years of using calculators I have never had one with issues like this . At this point , I 'd only recommend this calculator to my enemies , not my friends .
 This financial calculator is abosolutely worthless . it worked fine calculating normal TVM problems such as annuities , uneven cash flows , PV & FV for about two weeks ... then it malfunctioned and always gave the wrong answers . Do not spend your money on this bottom of the line calculator . You are MUCH better off shelling out the extra cash on a more reliable model like the Hewlett Packard 12C .
 This is by far the WORST financial calculator I have ever used . It does n't even deserve one star . One can only speculate why AIMR picked this . The only thing this calculator is good for is putting under the leg of an uneven table or as a door stop . When I tried changing the battery the solder broke when I barely touched the battery housing . For some dumb reason , the `` engineers '' decided to require you to remove the whole back of the calculator in order to change the battery . The keyboard stinks and it does not allow you to rapidly enter in numbers like the HP does . Tends to give ambiguous results as well , but I am not sure however if it was because I was entering the numbers in too rapidly or the programming is just plain wrong . Even though the HP 12C is a pain to enter data , it is significantly more reliable than this piece of trash . Further proof that TI can not create a decent calculator to save their life . If you have another choice of calculators - take it !! If you are not bound by AIMR 's narrow minded calc rule , get the HP 17C . Light years ahead of this defective abacus .
 The product information said it has a slide case to protect the screen but when i received the package it had no cover and the back of the calculator seemed tampered and scratched and abused.here is the link to the seller tombraiderla - http://www.amazon.com/gp/aag/details/ref=aag_m_ss?ie=UTF8&isAmazonFulfilled;=0&marketplaceID;=ATVPDKIKX0DER&isCBA;=&seller;=A3N2CZLNZNCKD7#aag_legalInfoNot worth it ... Texas Instruments BA II Plus Financial Calculator
 I got this calculator free on a financial course I am taking . It is easy to use but what others say about getting wrong answers seems to be down to the operator buttons on the right hand side being out of line with the main keypad . So you have to watch what you are doing . This and the fact it seems to take so many keypresses to get anything done makes it cumbersome . It is a reasonable calculator for starting out but I would not recommend it if you are in a hurry eg . sitting an exam .
 This is a brand new calculator that was bought and shipped by amazon and it is malfunctioning the first time i used it which was in class today . Only part of the number is showing up .
 This is not good product over all , Time value of money functions are not working properly and It is too old financial calculator
 too complicated is not equivalent to `` sophisticated '' . if this item is not required for AIMR and not recommended by Schweser , I would definitely go with HB 10B II , which is the best , I think.When I use HB , it only took me a brief review of the instruction menu to get used to its functions , but this TI menu is not clear , and the calculation is complicated . I do n't think it .
 This product is for real geeks only . I bought it as a souvenir and office decoration.If you want something serious and practical , get an iphone -LRB- or any other smartphone -RRB- and a financial calculator app that can do Black-Scholes option pricing and many other fixed income and derivative stuff that this calculator can not do .
 I bought this calculator in our bookstore . Yet , disappointedly , when I calculated PV/FV of cash flow , it keeps give me the wrong answer ! I have to reset the calculator to get the right answer right , and it gave me wrong answer again!Here is the problem : N = 4 , Pmt = -1000 , I/Y = 6 , CPT-FV = ... Why I always got the wrong answer ? Is it because of my calcualtor or it 's because the IT BA2 plus has little memory ?
 I already have a Texas Instruments BA-35 Financial calculator that I purchased back in 1993 . It has served me well . A few weeks ago I misplaced it . After two days of searching , I gave up , and purchased this BAIIplus to replace it . Luckily , I found the BA-35 a day later . When this new calculator arrived , I was really disappointed in it . First , it FEELS CHEAP ... second , it is HUGE and CLUNKY and has a very awkward hard shell that you must REMOVE then snap onto the BACK . It took several tries to get the calculations sequence figured out ... there are some minor changes from the previous calculator . I will use this as a backup , but it is too large and I hate that pop-off cover . -LRB- the old one is slim , and came with a nice flip-open vinyl case , with an interior pocket where I keep the instructions , should I need them . -RRB-
 This calculator functions fine . What I do n't like about it is that you have to very -LRB- very -RRB- deliberately punch the keys in order to type the number in . If you tap the number instead of deliberately press it , it wo n't enter . This , I find , slows me down significantly . The keys also feel cheap -- like a kid 's calculator .
 First of all it 's not worth the $ 33 . The buttons are slow and does not respond . This calculator is for people with slow fingers and thinking . If you press too quick this thing will not follow you . You need to slow down and take a cup of tea . When i first open this thing , the calculator feels like it is one of those 99 cent calculator .
 The calculator is good but the buttons are n't that good and the battery is almost irreplacable and there are no instructions or catalogue that shows u how to do it so use it once and throw it away ...
 Having used for a month . Have to push a key very hard in order to enter something . Otherwise , it will just skip . This becomes really annoying when you need to type in something fast , for example , in an exam !
 I buy a calculator to perform rote formulas to arrive at a solution . This calculator requires the user to learn a new language . Why buy this when all you need is a HP 12C !!!!
 This is a good calculator as would be expected from Texas Instruments , who have been in the calculator business for decades . A calculator should do the functions that it is supposed to do , which this calculator does . However , like several other 's have noted , the keys can be a challenge . I 've had to start over after entering a number due to the numbers not enterring as they should have . A good press of the keys takes care of that issue , but most calculators do not need to have the keys pressed firmly for the correct operation ... If Texas Instruments could redesign around the key issue , this would be a five star calculator , as the case and display are well designed . I have only used this calculator for a total of maybe 15 - 20 hours , and the keys may work better over time , but I have not seen any change during the timeframe noted.Update 6/16/11 - I 'm hoping that I ended up with a lemon , and that this is not an indicator of TI 's quality standards . I 'm dropping my rating from 4 stars to 2 stars . The decimal button works only when pressed firmly as do several other buttons on this calculator . When taking a timed test in a finance class , this calculator really failed me because of these issues . Even being aware of the issues with the calculator I found myself having to redo calculations several times for most of the problems due to the calculator not taking the decimal point . In over thirty years of using calculators I have never had one with issues like this . At this point , I 'd only recommend this calculator to my enemies , not my friends .
 I bought this calculator because I am reviewing for a CFA exam . I have been reading the manual for 6 hours and I still cant make head or tails of it . If I didnt need this $ h177y PITA to take the exam , I 'd torch it . My review schedule has been screwed up by this . I 'm going to go postal !
 I am currently studying for the CFA exam and I am a proud owner of HP 19B . This is by far my favorite calculator . Unfortunately , I can not use ths for the CFA exam . My choices for the CFA exam were the HP 12C and the TI BAII . Unfamiliar with TI calcualtors , I decided to give the TI BAII a try because I heard that it had some neat features like calculating permuations and combinations that may be useful on the CFA exam . Boy did I make a mistake . This calcualtor is the most unintuitive electronic gadget that I have ever bought . The instruction manual was even more useless . When I used it to calcualte TVM problems sometimes I would get the right answer . Other times when I entered the exact same inputs I would get a completely different answer . I had problems getting most of the other functions to work correctly as well . It became so frustrating that I literally broke the calculator into two pieces and disgarded it . The lesson I learned from all this is that I need to stick with what works . Time to go back to HP .
 Its so fustrating , you type the same numbers in from examples you get different answers . Is this machine or a joke , I taught of giving this machine a second chance I bought another Caculator even that turned to be junk , wrong calculations ... . TI what a llooser.STAY away if you want to pass your CFAIf I use it for my CFA exam i am sure I will fail .
 I had to buy this calculator , because it was one of allowed calculators I could use for the FRM exam . Otherwise , I would not recommend anyone to buy this product . The biggest problem I had with this calculator was that buttons were not very responsive . For instance , many times a decimal point key button did not registered even after a firm press . So I was forced to re-enter again , which caused me to waste a precious time during the exam . Also the built quality is very bad too .
 Be careful when buying this calculator.You have to open the whole casing to change the battery.I personally do not understand why this calculator is chosen for the CFA exam . Unscrewing and prying open the calculator can be challenging.As my CFA exam is coming , I practiced changing my battery when two weeks ago the calculator when short circuit and was no longer able to calculate I/Y for NPV calculations.Can you imagine what happened if this is already in CFA test situation ?!? BummerI may have to bring two TI BA II for the test just in case.If you are n't planning to take the CFA test , I 'd strongly recommend getting another Financial calculator .
 This calculator has most of the capabilities for a financial person and it is approved for professional exams , CFA . It has a nice hard cover to protect it as with most TI calcultors , except for TI BAII Plus Professional.HOWEVER , please do not expect it to be an easy task to change the battery . You can rest assured that your calculator will get ding-ed when it comes time to change your battery.Also , please do n't expect to view the values you have entered for your variables all at once ... like how you can see a bunch of values on a regular TI-83 / 84/89 display , because you just ca n't on a one line display with this calculator ! And everytime you need to do a fresh calculation , it is a pain to have to hit `` 2nd '' + `` clear work '' before starting because it is set up just the way it is . Aside from being the `` approved '' calculator you can bring to the exam , it is another piece of junk set to collect dust at the end of the day . The TI BA II Plus Professional is even worse than this ; it is almost like you need to apply unimaginable high pressure force to push the buttons on the TI BA II Plus Professional calculator . So save your money and just get this regular one for the exam.Stick with your regular TI 83/84/89 for all your non-exam use because the Financial Application has all that you need .
 Realistically , the BA II Plus can do everything you need from a financial calculator - any of the more advanced function that are lacking are better suited for Excel anyway.My problem is that for the simple , everyday uses , the BA II Plus requires more keystrokes and is more ` complex ' than its counterparts . For people who value time and efficiency , stay away.I believe this is a classic example of ` you get what you pay for . ' Spring for the more expensive HP unless you absolutely can not afford it .
 No multi-view , difficult to make multiple chain calculations . Does the basic functions for financial calculations , but for the price , would not recommend .
 I liked the value of the calculator , but for class I am required to use all functions possible . I needed 9 decimals to show up for most of my calculations but the factory settings on financial calculators are usually 2 decimals . So when I needed to use the Format key it brings me IRR which is another function on the calculator . Since only two decimals show up , I rarely got to use the calculators full functions . A big disappointment , but I do think I have a defective calculator , and hopefully I get a new one or a refund . Never done this action before , but I hope I did n't waste money . Otherwise , it would be a great calculator .
 Its like the thing has a breakin period . I took it to use on a test without using it beforehand , and I had to bang on the keys to get it to work .
 Nice things about this calculator are it 's good looks , simple interface , and price . But , maybe it 's just too simple . Personally , I feel this calculator is not pleasant to use.CONS :1 . Awkward viewing angle . The LCD is positioned such that you can view it only if your sitting back . Forget about looking straight down while solving problems . You 'll be greeted by a terribly dim display .2 . Button response is bad . For a $ 30 calculator , I expected the buttons to be at least decent . They 're not . If you 're like me , and are capable of quick entry -LRB- sometimes even with 2 hands -RRB- and enjoy responsive buttons , you 'll be disappointed . The buttons are not firm to the touch and just feel cheap .3 . Lacks slightly more advanced features . While the interface is easy to use and the basic features expected of a financial calculator are there , I think TI has room for some more . For example , there is no Option Pricing feature . That would have been great.For students -LRB- like me -RRB- who have worshipped the TI-8x 's , the BAII is just horrible to even touch . Nonetheless , most people will find this calculator to be decent , at best . Really , do n't expect any surprises , as this is as basic as it gets . For real value , perhaps invest a little more in an HP .
 The hard cover is easily damaged from daily use . Dust get into the screen only after one month 's use . Need to look at the screen all the time to make sure if key strokes are entered correctly . Buttons are very hard to press , always gives me a awful feeling when I press them . I bought this calculator only because it is required for my finance class
 This calculator came days past its already distantly-predicted delivery date . I needed it for class and ordered it in plenty of time and did n't receive it until I had already gone without it in multiple class times . When I finally received it , the screen had black digital marks on it that have faded some now but still reappear at the slightest touch . Overall I am not happy .
 I still have not received this item !!! I do n't know if it go lost in the mail or what happened , but I sure do n't have it .
 I guess I am just used to using statistical and graphing calculators during my lifetime . Now that I am earning a degree in Accounting I have switched to a Financial calculator and have had no prior experience with them . It will take some getting used to if you have never used one . I have noticed that you must program the amount of decimal places . I have done work depletion problems and had a result of dollars per ton to 2 decimal places . I immediately multiplied this amount by the amount of tons mined and came up with the wrong answer . Why ? I did n't realize that the answer per ton only showed 2 decimal places and it multiplied by the entire answer , not just to 2 decimal places . This threw my answer off by a small amount . Also , you need to look at the numbers you are entering , because the keypad sticks . Numerous times I have been pushing the appropriate numbers and only about 90 % of them make it on to the screen on the first press . I feel that I need to hammer down on the keypad to get the numbers in on the first push . This does n't make for quick work . My TI-84 Plus Silver Edition works like a champ and am going back to that unless I absolutely need this calculator for schedules .
 This calculator is necessary for my finance class , especially the time value money mode , and yet when I follow the instructions in the manual , keying in the number to match the key , it never seems to hold the value . I can not get this thing to work for me at all . Even some of the basic functions described in the manual do not work , and I know I am following their directions !
 It is very difficult to be sure you have pushed these buttons with out slowing you down to much . There are a lot of issues with clearing the memory too . I 'd recommend to get the professional version .
 I was annoyed that the calculator did n't come with it 's cover . The sender should have made this clear before I received it .
 I find this calculator difficult to use . The functions are not intuitive and the buttons are hard to press .
 I HAD TO buy this stupid calculator for my finance course . I have a TI83 -LRB- high school -RRB- , TI84 -LRB- college -RRB- and the TI34 -LRB- college that disallowed the 84 -RRB- ... all of which are great calculators . They required that we have this specific calculator so that we could use the present and future value features on the calculator.I hate the way the buttons click.I hate that it 's single line entry.I hate that it 's went backwards in technology -LRB- doesnt show things like `` 1 +2 '' but rather will show `` 1 '' and then blink when you hit plus and then show `` 2 '' -RRB- I hate that schools think this will help you understand present and future value the best ... I 'd MUCH MUCH MUCH RATHER use an annuity factor and my own normal calculator.If all you want to do is add two numbers then this calculator MIGHT be ok for you . Otherwise buy something else . If you dont need the extra functionality -LRB- or arent allowed to have it like I was -RRB- then get the TI34 . I 'm not even going to resell this calculator ... im going to sledge hammer it and then burn it until the whole thing has melted and burned away . HATE IT
 Purchased this phone for my in-laws to replace an older phone . within a month the buttons started to stick . Would only dial one number when I returned it . Volume seemed to be good and without roar with a hearing aid . Speed dial function a little to complicated for the elderly , plus the lack of a lighted dial makes it difficult for those with low vision to see the buttons .
 I bought this a few years ago for work.I keep the volume all the way up , but 37 db is not enough for my loss and I wear two hearing aids with telephone coils at that ! I do n't hear most of what the callers are saying . The ring is extra loud ; it makes my clients jump!What I use at home is a Clarity cordless with up to 50db . True , at that higher volume , there is distortion and I still miss a whole lot , especially on business phone calls.The neck loop can help , if you 're wearing two hearing aids ... two ears are better than one !
 I received the calender in good time and it was what I wanted but I realized I had been overcharged . I contacted the company and was sent the email below : -LCB- In regards to your issue , the breakdown of your bill is as follows : I am not sure why you were charged tax , but you will be receiving a credit in the amount of $ 7.88 for the tax . Sorry for the inconvenience -RCB- . I never received the credit for the tax and when I called them was told they could do nothing . That it should be solved by Amazon .
 I happily used the similar 3M one for years until I moved and had to buy a new one . Thought I 'd try this to see if it lived up to it 's name . In my case - it definitely has not . I have used if for a few months now , and found that the `` patented non-slip backing '' has never worked , and have recently noticed that my hand has unconsciously modified its mousing technique to basically hold the pad down to prevent it from slipping while using the mouse . If I do n't do this , it slips around everywhere . I 've tried on different surfaces , and cleaning it , with the same results.I also get a lot more tracking errors than the 3M , which send the screen pointer flying to a random corner of the screen - a real pain if you use `` hot corners '' to activate your screensaver etc. I recently bought a $ 2 no-brand cheapie from the local supermarket that appears to be the same weight and size , and stays put on the desk . Using the same mouse , I have n't had any tracking errors yet either . I wish I had tried the cheapie before buying this product .
 7 bucks for this mouse pad !!! not worth it alltoo expensive in my idea.it 's very slim , it 's made from hard slim plastic , it 's not made of fabricI am used too the fabric material .
 This thin cheaply made pad is not worth the money . The thing feels like you could tear it but wow its the worst mousepad I have ever seen . This size is also way to small .
 The TI-34II is a good calculator that is easy to use.Unfortunately , it has one fatal flaw . While it allows numbers to be entered in scientific notation , it does n't have a feature to show the result of a calulation in scientific notation . With a 10 digit display , it can be hard to figure out if 100000000 is 1 billion or 100 million . Lack of comma 's to group digits into 3 's also hurts . I ended up buying a CASIO FX-115MS , which does have the scientific notation and comma 's . If the TI had the comma 's and scientific notation , it would beat the CASIO hands down for ease of use , and also contruction . I also like the fact that it remembers prior calculations even after auto-powering down . The CASIO forgets after any power down .
 I am quite disappointed in my order of 2 Texas Instuments 34 II calculators . When I received the shipment yesterday -LRB- much later than anticipated -RRB- , it contained 2 TI 34 calculators NOT the TI 34 II calculators that I ordered . The packing list was correct but the calculators were not .
 I 'm not sure if I 'm solely reviewing the product here or the whole experience of purchasing it from an Amazon seller , but I will never be doing that again . I ordered what was supposed to be a new calculator which then came without any packaging or manuals . When I contacted the seller -LRB- via email -RRB- about this , I received a curt reply that it was never stated that it would arrive with those items but that the calculator was indeed new . Well , my daughter took it off to school only to discover that half of the numerical keys do not work and it basically wo n't do anything . I will be taking whatever steps necessary to both get my money refunded and to make sure the seller is held responsible in some way .
 I had a bad experience with this phone . Given how cheap it was , I was n't too surprised.First , it messes with your Windows sound volume settings ... I get what it 's trying to do , it 's trying to be clever - but it just does n't work . It 's a pain.Second , I had all kinds of call quality problems using this phone . Skype 's quality is always fine for me , but not with this phone . The range to the base is terrible , and the speaker/mike are of really poor quality . I stopped using this and ordered something different after a week .
 These clips did not work with my eaves for hanging Christmas lights . The clips would n't stay attached so we returned them .
 I was excited to find this my favorite timer , but the display does not work on any of 7 that I have bought . I do not blame the sellers because the packaging is such that they could not have known or tested the timers . I contacted SHARP and found that the timers were last made in 2003 . The displays are too old and these should no longer be on any market . Sharp is trying to get one fixed for me , but their repair service has not been in touch with me two weeks after I sent it in.Sellers , you should quit selling these . If anyone opens one and finds a good display on both the timer and calculator side , please say so and I 'll pay the new price for the opened item , as many as 5 !
 If you rarely travel , then one or two pages of this pad may come in handy . If you travel regularly , then you probably have it down to a science . Cute idea to include -LRB- one page -RRB- with a `` Bon Voyage '' gift , but beyond that ca n't quite figure out what to do with mine . You see , I rarely travel . The next time I go away I will use one of the checklists , but there will be more left than I will ever use .
 this is a good quality of paper for the printing i needed . i would purchase again and this item did arrive on time .
 Well the calculator calculates , however , the reason I purchased it was for the printing and it does not print . I will be calling where it came from .
 The Sharp EL1600B `` Semi-Desktop Calculator '' looks like a good calculator , so I ordered it to replace my decade-old Canon P1-DHII , which is of a very similar style . What I received looks nothing like the picture . It 's a a Sharp EL-1600B `` Special Edition Pocket Printer . '' I added a photo to this listing to give those interested an idea of what to expect when ordering this calculator . If Amazon.com fixes the picture , reply to this message , and I 'll be happy to edit my review accordingly . By the way , the one I bought was sold by and shipped by Amazon , not a third-party seller . Amazon did facilitated a quick and easy return and refund .
 This tape dispenser worked well for magic/opaque tape . However , when I tried to use it with clear tape the serrated edge would not cut without using two hands . Even with two hands I found it would drag on the tape before basically ripping an uneven edge . It is possible that I received a dull blade .
 The phone has a large amount of distortion so that it is hard to even recognize the voice of the person speaking . On speaker phone it is even worse and difficult to have a conversation.While inexpensive , it is not worth the money .
 The mute button has to be held down continuously and does n't work as expected . When another extension for line 2 is in use , you are unable to pick up line 2 on this phone . When a line 2 extension is in use line 1 and line 2 on this phone both become line 1 . Also the hold button does not always work either . All in all it 's not very usable or reliable phone .
 THIS PHONE IS FINE UNTIL THE BATTERY LOSES IT 'S CHARGE . ONCE FULL POWER IS LOST , THE MEMORY HOLDS ONLY A VERY SHORT CHARGE , REGARDLESS OF FOLLOWING THE DIRECTIONS TO FULLY RECHARGE . THE BATTERY IS IMPOSSIBLE TO REPLACE . THE WEBSITE TO SOUTHWESTERN BELL IS A JOKE . THERE IS NO VENUE TO INQUIRE ABOUT HOW TO REPLACE THE BATTERY OR WHERE TO FIND ONE . I HAVE BEEN TO EVERY STORE IN TOWN . THE PHONE IS NOW USELESS . RADIO SHACK AND STAPLES RECOMMEND STAYING AWAY FROM SWB FOR THAT VERY PROBLEM . THEY ARE THE ONLY COMPANY THAT HAS THE POWER WIRES FLIPPED IN THEIR BATTERY , AND NO ONE CARRIES THEM . OF COURSE THAT DID N'T STOP THEM FROM SELLING THE PHONE IN THE FIRST PLACE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME .
 I bought it cause a 2.4 GHz phone with Spread spectrum should have just about perfect clarity and good range . Plus it was ~ $ $ $ on sale . Here is a perfect example of how the company could n't produce a quality product . We had the phone 1 day . I ca n't get more than 2 rooms away without getting `` skips '' in the sound . Gee ... . my 900 MHz spread spectrum beats it hands down . So this one > is a -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- 2.4 ghz phone!It works good for about 40 feet . Liked the answering machine.Go buy something else !
 This is a terrible phone , do n't waste your money on this ! Do n't be fooled by the 2.4 Ghz or the DSS features , they 're all a waste after you hear the quality of the phone . Constant hissing , echoes and just terrible sound quality . I returned it after only 2 days and 2 phone calls . Check the reviews of the GH2415 or the GH2410 at circuitcity.com , essentially the same phone except w/o the answering machine . AVOID !!
 This was over price and I was very disappointed that was Plastic and that I seen it on another wed site for half the price . . $ 39.00 and that is what it is worth ... Not $ 69.00 . . So you ca n't put anything hot on it no wax machine please do n't do that . Just not happy .
 The graphics on this mouse pad are attractive , but calling it a ` pad ' is n't really accurate . It 's more of a sheet of plastic , rigid but very thin . What has been annoying to me is how much it slides around when you move your mouse . I have to weigh it down with the edge of my keyboard , and even then it sometimes moves . I really do n't want to have to think about my mouse pad while I 'm working , and this one has proven to be a distraction . Next time , I 'll be sure to get a thicker , heavier pad .
 what speed does it connect to the internet at please ? 2MB per second its a parallel modem how is it governed by the speed of the serial uart please?why are there no youtube videos of fone modems connecting to the internet pleaseonly one customer per product set is allowed no really amazon and what does that mean in english exactly that the fone modem can t work at the speed it was manufactured to work at otherwise the morons wont pay more money for broadband ?
 While colorful , this thin piece of plastic does not `` grip '' to any surface . It is also a little deceptive to use the word `` pad '' when describing this mouse pad . There was no padding at all , just the hard plastic surface . Very disappointing .
 I own two of them -LRB- unfortunetly for me -RRB- . The reason I give 2 stars is because the corded part of the phone works fine , answereing machine is fine . Cordless on the other hand stinks . You could charge for ever and still only have about 15 minutes of talk time , when the charge runs out , your done for atleast another 15 hours or so before it will hold a charge again . Currently looking for a new phone , I 'll let ya know when I find one .
 The battery on this phone lasted about 2 months before it died . I replaced it with a new one , costing me 15.00 , and that one too lasted about 2 months . Now , since it 's too late to return it , I basically just use it as a desktop phone and answering machine because the cordless only works for about 3 minutes before it beeps and tells me it needs to be recharged . Please do n't waste your time with this product . It set me back 184.00 , and I 'll never buy another Panasonic again .
 After past success with Panasonic cordless phones I felt that it was worthwhile to spend the extra money and purchase this ` deluxe ' unit . One thing that put me over the top was the $ 50 mail-in rebate at the time . In the end I paid about $ 100 for this phone.Before I go over the problems I will give credit where credit is due.-The volume on the base unit is good.-The speaker phone is clear and as loud as you want it.-The cordless unit has a plug in for a headset.-There are other base unit features that somebody might have a use for . I am not sure who.OK , now the bad parts.-The first battery for cordless unit was toast after 10 months of relatively light use.-The base unit is CORDED , so it has limited uses.-You ca n't scan your calls from the cordless unit.-The base unit does not work well when wall mounted . Hard to see , hard to use.-Battery for cordless unit is impossible to find and expensive.-Volume on cordless unit is too low when you use a headset.-Second battery has lasted only three months after regular use.Right now I have two options
 I bought this phone going on my past Panasonic experience.Steer clear of this one . It was broken out of the box.The portable option does n't charge . Apparently It 's been refurbished by Sohnen ; who ever they are . I tried calling them and they have no recollection of ever seeing this phone ... duh , there name is on the box .
 We purchased this phone thinking it would be an upgrade . Boy , were we wrong ! The cordless has to be completely dead before you are supposed to recharge it , which means in the middle of a call , it starts beeping at you . If you do n't have caller ID , you ca n't screen calls with this answering machine because you ca n't hear the message as it comes in . When someone is using the computer , the cordless phone dispays a message saying the phone line is in use which uses its battery life for that charge . That means if you have kids who are on the internet , your phone wo n't have much of a charge once you get to use the phone line . The screen is also hard to read . I wanted the base hung up on the wall so that it would n't take up desk space . I have to get down on my knees to see the screen . Over all , I can live with this phone , but next time I will be more carefull about my decision .
 I purchased this phone on December 4th , 2002 , and immediately had trouble with the `` cordless '' phone . I charged it for 26 hours before using it and on my first call - during the first 11/2 minutes - the battery died . I followed the manual instructions carefully , but continued to experience the same problem . I bought a new battery on the 11th and still had the same problem . I emailed Panasonic on Dec. 13th and received an automated reply , but as of January 8 , 2003 , no real reply . It 's now too late to return the phone , so I 'm just going to junk it and buy a similar - non-Panasonic - product .
 While Panasonic is consistently the most highly recommended cordless phone by electronics salespeople , this is my THIRD failure with Panasonic . While I have few problems with the corded wall mount unit , the handset has not held a charge for more than a 10 minute conversation after approximately 3 months old -LRB- after the store warrantee expired -RRB- and I am unable to say more than ` hello ' on it now , before it dies out now . I have returned the phone once within the store warrantee and I have replaced the batteries twice in 2 years , which are hard to find and costly . Panasonic customer service has been neither helpful nor sympathetic to my problem . I am now researching a variety of less ` recommended ' cordless phones ...
 True this phone has lots of bells and whistles , but there are some glaring problems.First , the outgoing message recording quality leaves a lot to be desired . It is so weak and tinny , callers do n't recognize my voice . They think it 's a wrong number . Next , the display brightness and contrast are too limited , making it difficult to read at an angle . You must be staring at it head on . Third , when dialing in from the outside and entering your code , there are no prompts for the system , other than playing messages . Not even one for deleting a message , going back one , skipping ahead , etc. . Unless you carry the 95 page instruction booklet around with you , you 're helpless . And last , but not least , there are occasional bursts of low volume , high frequency noise on the line . Not enough to disrupt a conversation , but enough to be a nuisance.Even though you get a lot with this system , given its relatively high price , it leaves too much to be desired .
 I bought this phone this past spring and never was able talk on the cordless part of this phone for over a minute without it going dead . It is a piece of junk . My review is identical to the review Biff Dyches wrote . If I did n't know any better , I would have thought I purchased his phone . Save your money , you can definately find something better .
 This is a very nice base unit coupled with a worthless handset . I have returned the whole system once to Panasonic and replaced the battery three times in one year . It has always been charged according to directions . Apparently , this model is the victim of short sighted engineering . Stay away unless you have a garage full of expensive batteries for the handset !
 I thought I was getting a bargain by purchasing this , because it included the cordless handset as well as the base unit . Boy , was I wrong . I 've had this phone for about a year , and I 've replaced the battery twice already . Even with a brand-new battery , the handset is only good for about 45 minutes before it needs to be recharged . A big waste of money .
 I have had good experience with Panasonic phones in the past , so I decided to splurge and get this phone . BIG MISTAKE !!!! All the reviews highlighting the cons of this phone are dead-on . And , to add insult to injury , my unit -LRB- not even a year old -RRB- will not allow us to talk for more than 45 minutes on the cordless handset . Manual says 3 hours , we get 45 minutes . Panasonic replaced the battery once and now want us to send in the unit for replacement - of course , you have to re-enter all the information in the new unit.Folks , save your money and DO NOT buy this model .
 I was so upset that it 's only 200 sheets of paper !!! It specifically states 16lbs of paper and $ 6.99 for only 1 package of paper is complete crap !!! If I could 've given it NO STARS I would 've !!!
 I bought this about phone about three month ago . Recently , I can not make any calls from this handset . It is not worth the shipment for warranty . Avoid this .
 This phone works OK if your not planning to walk around the house while chatting on it . About 5 or 6 feet away from the base unit the phone starts to install a clicking sound that gets louder the farther away you go . I suppose you get what you pay for in this instance .
 We purchased this phone based on positive reviews of this product . It is an easy to hold design , pleasant ring tone , and numerous other features . But , there is a tendency for static to be heard by both parties of the conversation . It is likely that the range is much more limited . It 's ironic because it is touted as an extended range phone .
 this phone has constant static and very poor reception , it constantly makes a clicking sound
 Not the way you want your phone to sound.I thought the problem might have been the creative wiring I did to get a jack where I wanted it , but I moved it to a jack that provides an excellent connection to another phone and got just as much static and just as little sound , if that makes sense . Channel scanning did n't help at all . I could have lived with the static except that my own voice comes through rather loudly . Thus , when I have the volume turned up high enough to hear the other party 's fuzzy little voice , I 'm practically whispering so I do n't blow my ear out.We finally replaced this phone and I 'm not even going to give it away . Into the trash it shall go .
 This phone has a very static reception and you can not hear your caller very well .
 I have always bought and liked Uniden phones . Tried this one based on Consumer Reports recommendation and because I wanted caller ID . AWFUL reception - too much background noise and you can not hear the person on the other line . Turn the volume to high and you get feedback from your own voice . Good range -LRB- which is useful in finding the perfectly quite place in your house to finish your call ! -RRB- . Stay clear !!!!!!!
 The phone itself seems to work pretty well , but since nearly day one of owning this phone the answering device randomly chooses when it will pick up an incoming call -LRB- almost never -RRB- . It is infuriating and renders the entire thing useless . We 've tried to fix it , contacted GE , etc. ... nothing - still refuses to ` answer ' 75 % of our calls . Maybe we just got a dud , but I would n't recommend it based on my experiences .
 When I first got this pencil -LRB- around 4 months ago -RRB- I loved writing with it . I stopped using every other writing utensil in favor of this pencil . Yesterday , my pencil broke after about a month of sub-optimal functionality . The problem with this pencil is the end cap and eraser . The end cap seems to loosen its grip around the eraser , and falls off eventually . Not only is this ascetically unpleasing , but it exposes the eraser to pressure when the pencil is tossed around inside a bag . Eventually , the eraser gets pushed down the metal piece holding the eraser in place . This makes it difficult to put more graphite in the pencil because taking off the metal piece is hard without the eraser to grab on to . It also makes it impossible to erase because the eraser slides into the metal piece , even when minimal pressure is applied . This eventually led to my pencil breaking when I pressed the metal piece too hard and it went into the tube that holds the graphite . It is now impossible to get out without a pair of pliers , but I do n't even care anymore . I 'm done with this pencil .
 I will attest at the outset that I am far more of a pen snob than a mechanical pencil snob , but I still find I was quite disappointed by the Graph Gear 500 that I recently purchased . For some reason , these things seem to get an almost cult-like following and I really do n't have a clue why that is , now that I 've used one of them myself.It is a very basic , almost cheap looking mechanical pencil except for the grip and tip , which are actually metal . Even here , however , the metal is not finely made or turned on a lath so that it feels brushed , nor is it polished . No , instead , it looks and feels cheap , like pot metal . Were it not for the knurling on the grip , you would be hard pressed not to think this was hard `` metal looking plastic '' rather than actual metal . Perhaps worse is that in addition to looking cheap and feeling cheap , it 's also horribly unbalanced in your hand . The grip and tip have far too much weight compared to the ultra-cheap plastic body , and it just makes it feel awkward in your hand . Another thing , the plastic they used for the body is so cheap and unfinished that you can actually see lines and striations of some sort through it 's surface . I 'm sorry , but that just screams `` cheap '' to the discerning user.I realize this pencil is n't * that * expensive , but you have put into perspective that what you 're getting for the premium is just a crappy metal grip/tip section that does more harm than good to an already cheap looking pencil . It makes it more awkward to handle , to write with just plain is n't worth the money . There are much , much nicer mechanical pencils , much less drafting pencils , that will do the job a lot better and for a lot less coin.Stay away from this , either switch brands or upgrade to one of Pentel 's better offerings . These are bottom of the line and it shows .
 I bought this sharpener about a year ago - as far as sharpeners go , I figured I 'd invest a little more to get a product that would last through two kids at least a few years in gradeschool - we 've been through 2 or 3 $ 5 battery sharpeners over the past 4 or 5 years . -LRB- it 's usually the battery cover that breaks -RRB- The first year I was thrilled with this sharpener ; it was easy to use and made a nice clean , sharp point on pencils.Recently it has decided not to turn off . If it is plugged into the electric socket , it is running . Even if you remove the collection cup -- it continues running with the blades exposed . I did not purchase it on Amazon , but when I was looking up a replacement for it and saw the exact same one here , I felt I should warn others .
 I already have one these and it works great . So I bought another one for my child 's teacher . It died fast from being used too much . Kind of a disappointment since it was a gift .
 As others have noted , this sharpener 's pencil-sensing on/off switch has a tendency to break . Ours is no longer operational , worked well until that switch broke .
 I only have four children , using the sharpener at home . After about one year the blades were dull and it was chewing up pencils and spitting them out . I think for $ 20 I should have had more use . A replacement cutter costs $ 10 plus shipping ; no replacement parts available in stores .
 Purchased in the spring and it was dead by the end of August . My daughter is the only one that uses pencils and it could n't keep up with her for 6 months . It appears to be a broken switch that detects when a pencil is inserted . I 'm looking for a different brand .
 I have a Franklin 's SCD-1870 , and have purchased 3 dictionary bookman cards for it -- German , Italian , and Spanish -LRB- speaking -RRB- . Out of these 3 expansion cards , this Spanish card is the worst -LRB- the German one has the best features & tools -RRB- -- other than that it 's a limited version , all the available text is readable only in a tiny 3/8 inch by 13/4 inch rectangle , which leaves more than 2/3 of useable screen blank . In addition , even though I was initially excited about having another `` speaking '' dictionary card , this card 's `` speech '' is not as clear as the English dictionary `` speak '' function on my SCD-1870 . Although I like the convenience of expansion cards , I ca n't help but feel rather disappointed/cheated by the Spanish -LRB- speaking -RRB- bookman card , as I 'm made to forever scroll up and down every nanosecond ...
 WARNING !!!!!!!! Do not buy this from Amazon.com ! The use J&R Music World to ship this item and charge over $ 40.00 ! Go the Franklin.com and get the same item for $ 19.95 !
 it was no really helpful for me cause the hardest part in french is for me the pronuntiation even my dictionary has sound the card didnt ...
 this is not a so called `` break Away '' lanyard . One has to press the side buttons in order for the badge to release . That is not a break away it should be identify as detachedable . Break away lanyards are designed for safety in case your badge or keys get caught in something hazardous , the lanyard breaks away without you having to release the badge manually .
 I 've received much better quality lanyards as free handouts . The `` break-away '' feature seems much stronger than the cheap-quality plastic fittings near the clip , and that 's not an endorsement . If you get a non-defective one , you * may * be able to use this . If you get a defective one , and ordered from Badge Reels & More , then you 're going to need to file an A-to-Z Claim with amazon to get a refund.I am completely mystified by the glowing reviews of this item . Perhaps there are multiple batches , or multiple manufacturers -LRB- in China -RRB- involved in supplying these .
 The string for this lanyard is VERY thick . More like a rope . Its still sitting in my locker as its size is obnoxious .
 this product may have an initial low outlay but the film cartridges are 1/2 the size of other fax machines and cost the same so we are spending a lot of money on film cartridges.I would not recommend this product .
 This fax/cordless phone combo has many outstanding features , unfortunately good cordless reception is not one of them . My phone often had heavy static regardless of which channel I was on . I subsequently found out that a friend of mine purchased the same phone and also experienced heavy static . I hate to return any electronic gadget with so many cool features , but this one was so bad , I had to take it back .
 Ipurchased this copier March 2003 , and have benn frustrated by the paper jamming consistently in the machine . I have been using Xerox 20 Lb paper and can not print more than 50 copies without the machine jamming.I would not suggest this product for anyone that wanrs a reliable copier . It is extremelely frustating to keep puuling out the jammed pages and restart again.I print only 200 to 300 copies a month . The white pages I use are Georgia-Pacific Multi System Paper .
 This was a neat idea ... idea 's are more common than earlobes.It just does n't work.Wasn ' t worth the cost and effort to get a refund.Too bad .
 I own three Fellowes shredders ... all purchased from Amazon . This one is a major disappointment . Every few minutes , regardless of the type of paper used , you will have to stop , turn off the unit , pull out the cheap holding bin and manually clear the cutters . This is an ongoing problem . We take care of our equipment , but even with regular oiling , this unit is more trouble than it is worth . Go for the C-14 Powerhouse or the other version of the C-14 -LRB- without all the frills -RRB- . They are both ... money well spent . They do the job required without a lot of aggrevation .
 It 's slim and pretty ... but that 's it . If you want a shredder that jams every two minutes , this is the one you want.For some reason the paper does not fall into the cheap plasticbin . It shreds a few sheets , the red light goes on , you unplugit and spend the next 5 minutes clearing the paper away from thecutters . Plug it in , shred a few , unplug , clear ... blah blah blah . If this is how you want to spend your time , get this machine.If you want a good , hard working shredder look at the Powerhouse C-14 or the SB95 series . I have one of each mentioned in this review . Can strongly recommend either of the other two , but this Powershred 120C-2 is NOT RECOMMENDED.The Powerhouse C-14 and less frilly SB95 series are hard working , no nonsense units that wo n't quit or let you down with proper care . Do n't for get the OIL . . and do n't forget to USE IT.We have several shredders that get regular use . The C-14 and SB95 have proven themselves time after time . And in the case of the Powerhouse C-14 ... year after year .
 I 've had this shredder in my office for a little over 2 years and it 's way overdue for a replacement . There is a gap inbetween the collection bin and the holder it is in , so shreddings collect behind the bin until it pushes the bin out . Jamming is a problem and we do n't feel comfortable feeding more than 3-4 sheets in at a time . When we first purchased this unit -LRB- a very long time ago -RRB- , it was approved for CDs , now it apparently is not . Also this machine has starting making this loud grinding noise that almost hurts my ears when shredding papers.We are purchasing the C-420C and hope that it will be a better preformer . I guess you get what you pay for !
 Be advised , the warranty is no good . Fellowes will not honor their warranty . I tried twice already . It does n't matter what story you have . They find some excuse to get out of it . Do n't bother paying to ship the heavy thing back , they will just deny your claim and try to charge you to send something that does n't work back to you .
 DO N'T ORDER THIS ! The shipping charges are excessive , more than 3 times the cost of the item . I did not find this out until after the order was placed . I am trying to cancel the order . Go to your local store and buy it , paying the taxes . You will save $ .
 The retractable function did not work even once out of the box . There are cheaper and better key chains out there . Shady , shady , shady .
 The retractable lanyard requires little effort to stop retracting . I brought 5 -LRB- one for each member in my family -RRB- , and with-in two weeks , all were unable to retract . I first thought it was the kids being tough on the item , but I was very carefully with mine and it also stopped working . My suggestion is to make the retracting unit more durable .
 We used this key chain less than a week , and the retractable function failed.This key chain is a rip off.Trying to return it is even more frustrating , so I would recommend just boycotting this product , and it 's supplier . Shipping costs about the same as the full retail ? Save yourself time and money . Do not buy this item , or anything from it 's supplier .
 Failed to retract the first time I used it . I took it apart in an attempt to fix it and discovered the plastic reel is very quick to crack under the pressure of the spring . It 's only good point is the exceptionally bright LED . Do n't waste your time .
 After days of researching potential new desks -LRB- online and in-store -RRB- , I took a gamble on this product based on the positive reviews . I was looking for something `` modern '' and `` compact . '' Again , based on all the positive reviews I purchased this product . Here is my experience : Delivery
 This desk has already made it to the Goodwill store . It was impossible to assemble without assistance and even after I got it together it was not very stable . I purchased this especially so that I could roll the cart from one room to another . NOT !! I would never have trusted it for that purpose . The shelf shown above the terminal never did get attached because the pieces did not match up properly . I was willing to forgive that as I did n't really need the shelf but the rest was just a mess . I am not an inexperienced ` assembler ' having put together many items of furniture from IKEA including a platform bed with four drawers but this desk totally defeated me .
 When moving the desk to clean under it , the left front wheel broke off . The only thing I had on the desk was my laptop . The way the wheel broke off , it is not repairable as the screw threads that held it in were only glued in at the factory . The desk is now on the floor , sans wheels . It was however , very inexpensive . So , if you buy it , do n't ever move it .
 Apparently , HP has stopped making the High Gloss version of the 4x6 '' Premium Plus photo paper . I bought this once by mistake and found the colors to be really awful , as if I had used really cheap paper . Buy their `` Premium '' paper instead . It 's almost as good as the `` Premium Plus '' used to be .
 The HP Premium Photo Paper used to be like a post card quality but now it is thin and not even like a photo . I imagine it 's because the paper is probably made in China now . I will continue to look for the old quality .
 This paper did not arrive in an HP box as shown in the image , or stated in the product description . I ordered this same HP paper last year . To find this product , I clicked on the link from last year 's order.However , this time the paper arrived in a plastic bag with no box . A sticker on the bag says it 's manufactured in Switzerland . It is HP paper per the logo on the back of each sheet . But I 'm leery of using it in case it should mess up my printer . I guess the $ 4.00 price should have tipped me off something was different.After receiving the paper I checked the vendor 's marketplace listing and it does read that the paper is
 I have a canon mx700 and this photo paper is horrible with this printer . I have lines thru out the pictures . I recently purchase the new ink bundle from canon and it comes the photo glossy ii paper . And the quality is night and day . Just giving non Hp user a heads up .
 Purchased a bulk lot of this paper as it was super cheap ... Now I understand why -LRB- buyer beware -RRB- . The first several prints came out fine . Then started to notice that the black portions were coming out with lighter colors . After about 50 prints -LRB- was at a show -RRB- , I took a break and decided to clean the heads , etc. . This process clogged the heads . I changed out all the ink jet cartridges -LRB- with new ones -RRB- and could not get the heads to clean or nosels to function correctly . Seemed the more I tried to clean and correct the problem , the worse it became until it would barely print anything at all -LRB- even on regular printer paper -RRB- . I did notice that each print took longer than usual to print and was `` wet '' when it came out . Took several minutes to dry properly -LRB- but still not right -RRB- . The finish had an overly glossy wet paint look to it . Even though these were give away prints , most people were not thrilled with their pictures . As it is probably cheaper to purchase a new printer than have this repaired , am scared to try these again , but have over 3000 of them . Guess it is my loss ...
 Not sure if I happened to receive a defective batch , but the printing on this paper was subpar . The ink did not dry quickly and the sheets stuck together even after a drying time of five minutes . Returned product .
 This scale is worthless . It does not work unless you are logged on to a Stamps.com account . It has no power supply other than a USB to a computer , and then will only weigh mail if you pay a monthly fee . In other words , it is a piece of junk . Stay away and get yourself a real scale .
 Do not bother with Stamps.com unless you do a lot of shipping at your office . They entice you with $ 45 in free postage and a free digital scale . You really only get $ 5 in free postage . You have to pay $ 9 shipping for the ` free scale ' that only works if you subscribe to Stamps.com at $ 15.99 / month -LRB- after your first free 30 days -RRB- . They give you 4 coupons for $ 10 in postage which you can use during your first 4 months of a paid subscription , so your first 4 months will only cost $ 5.99 / month.If you got sucked in like I did and got the scale , there is a free program available on the web to use the scale without the paid subscription . I ca n't post it here - just search for `` stamps.com digital scale software '' and you will find it .
 I bought these folders because they were reasonably priced - $ 23.88 for one hundred . At the time of purchase I chose standard shipping . I did not know the shipping charge until they were shipped . I was charged $ 49.96 for shipping . Obviously I would not have made this purchase if I had known the shipping charge . The folders were purchased for a non-profit and I am embarrassed to submit this expense .
 I bought these for work because I did n't have time to run to a local office supply store . These folders are lighter than medium blue , and not professional looking .
 Sixty gallons seems like it would be a lot ! On top of that it was two small bags that would barely fill two bushel baskets . I felt ripped off and the post office made me come to pick them up . In my opinion not a good buy .
 Way too small and cheaply made to be functional . The paperclip gate started failing after 4 times opening and closing .
 It looks way bigger than it actually is ; it is so small and is of no use to me . I really thought they were a regular size but the picture fooled me .
 keychain was tiny . Much smaller then what I expected . I ended up just throwing it in the trash , do n't wast your time
 These pens are heavily advertised to aid in cutting back on check information being changed . They may well do that , however the pens that I got wo n't write , the ink clots and smears and two of them wo n't write at all .
 It looks ok , but it is not as nice looking as in the picture . The ink sometimes leaks out , and makes a mess of things - sign of a cheap pen . The twist factor in it felt somewhat lose at first , now after 4-5 months of using it is really lose , and goes in/out almost with writing an ` a ' . I have always been annoyed by rolling ball pens that have ink pile up at the tip so you have to ` wipe ' it , but this one does that from time to time . Relatively expensive nice looking pen that does n't act like it.Sort of like this
 As one of those people who `` thumb through '' my folders , I like the reinforcement along the top 1 '' edge of these folders . It keeps the folders standing up straight , for better visibility.But these folders ... I 've never seen such a mess . I thought I was imagining things when I noticed they were n't sitting uniformly in my folders . Now that I take them all out and look at them from several angles , I see that these folders are not all the same height ! In fact , only one third of them are all the same height . The rest are within a 1/4 inch of each other up or town.Two folders are very roughly cut , which might indicate the `` cutter '' was off on the assembly line . Or they have n't gotten all the kinks worked out for this product.As it is , I 've wasted a sheet of labels and must re-start a tedious job . I will give away these folders , as they are unusable for my purposes.Even if they had n't been defective , I was shocked by how flimsy the paper is .
 This is a great cart for small loads of one box . I bought it because my 25-cent garage sale cart was squeaking and I justified the price because of the amount of use it had been subjected to.The Worldwide cart broke the 5th time I used it with a box well within the specified weight range . The wheel broke off and is not repair-able . I am now using my 25-cent cart again .
 We bought this for our office . The cart 's wheel broke off lifting boxes no where near it 's weight rating . It 's less than three months old . It 's not at all durable . Not worth the money . Not recommended .
 i bought this cart right before i moved into a new apartment , so i thought i could use it for moving furniture by myself . at the first time i used it , i just felt the plate is too low , so if you put things on it , it 's really difficult to pull up and roll the cart . also the extended handle is too short , so if you are tall , you will feel the pain i got when roll the cart . well ... i still can live with that . but once i bought something from ikea and used it to ship to new apartment , the cart broke its right wheel when moved from side-walk to the road . i promise the weight i put on the cart is not over 150 pounds , but it 's so easy to break . with the broken wheel , there is no way to fix it so it 's totally unusable after one week i bought this cart .
 This cart broke the first time I attempted to use it ! Now one of the the wheels just flops over , making this thing useless !
 These are basically stackable cardboard -LRB- reinforced -RRB- storage boxes They are strong and well made , work pretty well , and get the job done . However , I think the price is * very * expensive for what you get . I use them in a walk-in closet and they work ok for that purpose .
 I thought this was going to be a kind of shelving system , but really it 's just a set of boxes with pull-out drawers that can be stacked on top of each other . The `` steel plus '' in the product 's name refers to one measly little square of metal that you stick into the box for limited support . Assembly of the boxes is not quite clear until you struggle with a box or two to figure out what 's supposed to be done . Overall , when it comes to file storage , even if you 're in a temporary location and need portability , I would not recommend this as an option .
 This product does NOT work as described . It did come with all needed pieces to `` properly '' attach it to my Canon S5 . I tried copying several slides from my vast collection . I could not get one copy that was properly focused or clear in any way . I even read the instructions . I am an experienced advanced amateur photographer & an IT professional . I returned the product to 47th ST Photo for a refund . I did get screwed for shipping and an outrageous 15 % restocking fee . There should not be any charges to me for a product that simply does not do what it was advertised as able to do . DO NOT BUY ONE OF THESE
 This product was a VERY BIG DIAPPOINTMnet . For a listing price of almost $ 100 I expected it to come with a built in , adjustable light source that could be controled . It did not . It is just a grooved black plastic tube with a plastic silde holder -LRB- that sticks -RRB- and a cheap opaque light filter . Total worth maybe $ 12.95 .
 I have prior experience with the Royal PL2000 laminator . I use them mostly for digital photograph prints -LRB- 8x10 -RRB- . The Royal was n't that great but worked okay ... until the motor burned out . I tried this Fellowes Laminator , but it does a * terrible * job laminating ! I tried 4 different test prints -LRB- using the required carrier -RRB- but every single one had bubbles , poor lamination on the edges , warping of the print , and even cracking & bubbling of some of the ink ! There really are n't any different temp . settings , though I tried to adjust the knob a few times . I also tried different carriers . But it 's not worth it . The Royal was n't that great , but at least it laminated well.I 'm returning this Fellowes laminator -LRB- which seems pretty cheaply made btw -RRB- , and will try to find a better heat/pouch laminator elsewhere . I 'm not planning on buying the Royal again either . Do n't waste your money ! -LRB- P.S. the other reviewers are correct in that the manual is a waste of time . You have to figure it out on your own ... I still do n't know what cold lamination is ! -RRB-
 I returned this and bought a full size cheaper model . It did n't work long and was difficult to use when it did .
 The device works okay but limited to 5 mil -LRB- i.e. 0.005 inch or 0.127 mm -RRB- pouch thickness only . The advertised specs were inaccurate as it indicated &#34; Maximum pouch thickness of 5 millimeters &#34; when in fact it will only do 0.127 mm . How I wish the seller understood that 5 mm is not the same as 5 mils .
 Laminator did not work properly . I email them letting them know that I needed a new one or for them to give me my money back . I Email the company the next day after receiving it , That was last month is Nov 22 and they still have n't contact me on how can I get a new one or my money back . Very Bad customer service . I 'm sure the laminator could be a good product , but why am I still waiting ? Why do I still have this crappy laminator that do n't work ?!
 Used it the first time and business card got stuck . Fed another card in to try to push first card out and and that got stuck . Fed third card and pushed first two out . The next two totally melted . Ended up throwing the machine in the trash .
 This was delivered without the starter pack and without the carrier . Had no way to try it out . Returned to sender .
 This model worked well two times , laminating business card sized items using 5mil plastic . I cleaned the roller after each pass using Fellowes cleaning paper as directed . The third time , using 3mil plastic the item jammed in the roller where it is stuck forever . Do n't buy this model . I recommend spending a little more and purchase a full size laminator , which can be opened to clean the rollers and remove jams .
 Received the laminator and everything started out fine . However since the instructions that came with the machine were not for that model , the cleaner paper jammed . Fellows Co. was called and they replaced the machine with one that had the correlating instruction sheet .
 If you have an epson printer and are printing photographs , you should definitely use epson 's photo paper and ink . The prints come out great ! Unfortunately , Amazon 's packaging was n't very good and some of the sheets had damaged corners . Amazon 's packaging has been bad on other orders I 've made in the past so I wo n't buy printer paper from them again .
 I bought this paper for the Epson 890 printer . The printer I love , the paper , I do n't . This size paper is n't entered in the printer software that comes with the printer . There is no borderless 8x10 paper setting . You can manually select the size and check borderless , but the printer thinks its 8.5 x11 and if you selected to print an 8x10 with your picture software the printer adds a border to 3 sides and cuts off the picture on the fourth . I played around with various paper sizes and printer options but with no improvement.This was very dissapointing . I bought 8x10 photo paper because I wanted 8x10 borderless photos , once you trim the shots down , they are no longer standard sizes for putting in picture frames . If you want 8x10 shots , buy the 8.5 x11 borderless paper and trim . Its the only way to get a standard sized picture.Also , I would n't recommend 8x10 shots for digital photo printing . Unless you have a very high Megapixel count , the pixels are spread too wide on an 8x10 and there is visable dithering or pixelation . I have a 3.1 camera , and I have noticed some dithering , you can see the pixels or dots from the camera .
 I ordered four packages of the same paper , all of which were shipped individually as separate orders . A total waste of packaging materials.And this was for free shipping ... someone is making unnecessary money off this
 this was shipped with one other item in a box that was too big and had little packing to keep it from moving around . Because of this one corner of the paper was bent . Of course you ca n't tell if the paper is hurt unless you open the box and when you do you ca n't ship this back.I can get this paper for $ 2 more at Office Depot so you can be sure I will do that in the future . I will also rethink anything I buy from Amazon on how it may be hurt when shipped.Poor shipping !!
 I originally bought this photo paper for its low price . The box says that it `` works with all ink jet printers . '' This is a lie ! Buyer beware!Apparently , there are some ink jet printers -LRB- like mine -RRB- that will not allow you to use ` borderless ' photo paper -LRB- like this product -RRB- . You might want to make sure that your ink jet printer is compatible with ` borderless ' photo paper before buying this product . Contrary to the packaging , this product does not `` work with all ink jet printers . '' Beware ! Beware !
 Beware of this seller ! I was sent the wrong item . This seller is very hard to communicate with and did not respond to my requests for over a week . They did not offer to replace with the correct item and have a very slow return and refund system . Also I had to pay return shipping and hope they would reimburse me after the fact .
 I never I get the mail nothing I was waitting long time I am so dispointment I need that back my orderThank you
 After being put off by Amazon severaltimes and waiting too long to order this paper from another source , Amazon told me they would n't be sending it . I had to settle for an inferior product from another source .
 I read the reviews . Tried the Epsom Paper . The photos were bland and without the vibrant colors and depth I got with the more expensive HP Photo Paper . Truly disappointing .
 This paper prints with a yellowish tint . All of my pictures look yellow and they did n't print as clear as they did with my Lexmark paper .
 this is the worst paper for making photos . it left images purple . i used canon without a problem and bought this as it was 8 x 10 . big mistake
 If you have an epson printer and are printing photographs , you should definitely use epson 's photo paper and ink . The prints come out great ! Unfortunately , Amazon 's packaging was n't very good and some of the sheets had damaged corners . Amazon 's packaging has been bad on other orders I 've made in the past so I wo n't buy printer paper from them again .
 Bought the Epson Artisan 810 this summer after owning a Cannon for many years . I still had some Cannon paper to use up - all was printing fantastic quality . Once the Cannon paper was almost gone , decided to order the Epson paper - as is recommended . I thought something was wrong with the ink , with the printer - faint lines across every picture . I put a couple sheets of the cannon back in that I had and it printed perfect , floorless pictures . DO NOT BUY THE EPSON PAPER ! The printer is fabulous , the paper is horrible . Buy Cannon paper .
 The photos we printed with this paper had an awful blue cast . Followed instructions , this was a bad experience ! Do not recommend for the Artisan 50 Printer , especially if using remanufactured ink ...
 They advertised the Premium Glossy Paper Part # SO41290 for sale . However they shipped the less expensive Photo Glossy Paper Part #SO 41156 . This is false advertising and a rip off.Update 10/30/09Computer Brain gave me a $ 15 credit as compensation for their error . They stated on the phone that they no longer have the Premium Glossy in stock but I see they are still selling it here !!!!!!
 This was meant to be a replacement for a combo two-line phone/answering machine . The corded phone is practically unusuable due to poor sound quality and resonance , while the answering machine provides eight mailboxes but , in a baffling move , does not allow you to have different messages for each of the two lines . The display does not show what line calls are coming in on , and , oddly , also does not show the caller ID information when the phone rings , though you can get it later ! The fax tends to get confused and when someone pauses in their message sends out fax recognition signals . Add to that the expensive ribbons with low capacity and you have a package that 's unsuitable for many users . It 's fine as a fax but do n't fool yourself , the built in phone is n't meant to be used as such .
 I purchased this machine for our new office because it offered a two-line phone , fax and 8 voice mailboxes . It was the only system I found that had more than three or four mailboxes . The problems we have with the machine are buzzing on the outgoing message , poor sound quality , flimsy fax film that split the first week we used it , and now the additional cordless phone that came with it stopped working . We tried a different -LRB- new -RRB- phone and that wo n't work either . The machine clicks when the cordless goes on , but we ca n't get a dial tone . Sharp said we were past warranty -LRB- 90 days , I think -RRB- so we 're out of luck . I sure would n't spend money to fix this terrible machine .
 I bought this product because I needed a portfolio to carry around my paper work for my job . the product worked great for about 2 days till the seam split and I was left with a 2 piece portfolio ... . this item is made of cheap plastic over cardboard and is not very sturdy at all . . I would not recommend this product to anyone that wants something that will last more than about 2 days . .
 After using this holder for a month it has split nearly all the way in half along the spine . may be okay for ocassional use but not for daily use . Cheaply made .
 Was hoping for a replacement for previous lost pad holder of Naugahyde . This is made of the thinnest plain vinyl which undoubtedly will crack irreparably ere long . Even the clamp is so lightweight it Barely does n't bend , poorly attached to the back , and the cardboard in the back is so thin it threatens to bend beyond recovery whenever you press on the clamp .
 I have 4 or 5 devices used for remote `` mouse '' functions on various platforms . I have also purchased hundreds of items from Amazon.com over the past decade and I am often surprised at how consistently the shipments are on time and that the purchases function as expected . This Kensington item is a clear exception . It is a total piece of crap -LRB- or , more accurately , it is probably a manufacturing escape -RRB- . It does NOTHING other than project the laser pointer . I have wasted several hours trying to get it to work . The user 's manual is worthless -LRB- in fairness , a devices this simple should not need a user 's manual -RRB- . This will be my first return to Amazon ever and I am pretty ticked about it ; I needed this device for a trip tomorrow -LRB- I know , I know ... late planning on my part -RRB- . But it 's just really frustrating when a device that has only one basic function -LRB- a remote `` mouse click '' -RRB- fails completely . I will continue to use Amazon.com heavily - they are pretty amazing - but I will never again order a Kensington product .
 The laser pointer part of the remote works fine , but the powerpoint advance and reverse only work intermittently . I am very disappointed because we have used many of these in the past - this one feels cheaper and does not work as well as older models .
 A potentially great tool except , as pointed out by other reviewers , it only works with PowerPoint ! Not that you could discern this from Kensington literature . Want to use it with any of the billion other presentation or photo slide show applications out there ? Too bad ; it is simple and has great range.I asked Kensington tech support about this issue who said it was n't possible to remap the buttons . I then suggested maybe someone could spend 30 minutes writing a preference pane like MouseWorks to allow remapping the buttons . They suggested I write the company and suggest this . Thought I just did .
 This remote and laser pointer only half works . The remote features are great . The laser pointer , however , causes the presentation to disappear from the display . It 's therefore completely useless as a pointer unless you want to point to something off the screen .
 I am very frustrated with this pointer just because one very simple aspect . This aspect is so important to me that it renders this pointer useless . It worked fine when I was using Powerpoint . The laser beam was strong enough , and the backward/forward functions all worked fine . However the problem occurred when I opened a word document and tried to draw the audience 's attention to a chart . As soon as I pressed the laser beam button , it sent out F5 to the computer and the window of `` Find and Replace '' popped up to block my original document . I had to run back to the computer , closed the `` Find and Replace '' window and used my own finger to point . And then I 'd forget and press the point button to point again -LRB- a pointer should be able to point ! -RRB- , and then I had to run back to the computer , closed the `` Find and Replace '' window and used my own finger to point . Boy I was so frustrated that I did not have my Logitech with me . I was muttering bad words all through my presentation.So please be aware before you purchase this item . If you are only using it for Powerpoint , this pointer would be inexpensive and functional . But God forbid that you just want to use it to `` point '' , the pointing function does not work if you have any other documents opened . This problem was not addressed by Kensington , and I did not know of this problem before I bought it -LRB- though one of the reviewers wrote about it -RRB- . The seller told me -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- I could only get a fraction of my money back -LRB- minus the shipping cost -RRB- and then I have to pay the shipping back , so I just leave it and it is now a paper weight on my desk , as a constant reminder to always read ALL the reviews .
 I bought this clicker hoping to use it with my Mac to go through a PowerPoint presentation at a big conference . Plugged in the USB attachment and ... it would not recognize my Macbook Pro . So then I called the company and found out that this particular Kensington presenter only works with PowerPoint on a PC or Keynote on a Mac . So if you 're me trying to use it with PowerPoint on a Mac , then you 're totally out of luck . Was there any mention of this on the Amazon website ? No . Am I angry and frustrated ? Yes ... VERY !!!
 NOTE
 I purchased this to replace a device given to me a year ago -LRB- same device , lasted one year only -RRB- . I ordered the replacement hoping it would last longer than the original -- Imagine my chagrin when the new device lasted exactly 3 days ! Long enough for me to have thrown all of the packaging away . I am now stuck with an expensive paperweight ! What a waste of money !!
 This pointer broke after about a month . I used it 4 times . It worked well until it fell apart in my carry-on bag . It was in a main pocket , nothing heavy againt it . Just broke apart . My next pointer I will get a case for . But I will try a different one .
 This worked well while it lasted , but I deeply resent having to replace the whole unit after losing the USB microreceiver . Why does Kensington or Amazon not make this available as a replacement part ?
 I was n't aware of fact that the laser pointer turned on F5 until after I bought it -- this was completely undocumented . As others have commented , this can create problems depending on what F5 is set to do in the application you are using -- in my case -LRB- using TuringPoint -RRB- opening an unwanted dialog box . When I contacted Kensington technical support , their suggestion was that I unplug the USB every time I wanted to use the laser pointer ! But in looking at the previous reviews I see that another user has described a hack to disable this feature -- thanks !
 I bought this to be a device I could take with me to various classrooms or training rooms . Unfortunately I first plugged it into a Mac and now Kensington tells me it is a Mac only device . It does not work with a PC now . Disappointing !
 I just purchased this product almost 2 weeks ago , and what I can see that buttons sometimes freeze and that I have to click on them more than once to work . It was kinda of embarrassing when presenting at a conference . I 'd like to return it .
 I love this device -- so much so that I keep trying to find a way to make it work . The two Powerpoint keys imitate the page-up and page-down functionss on your keyboard and this is fine for many uses . However , presenter mode in Powerpoint uses the right and left arrows . This makes the device completely useless in presenter mode , something I am unable to do without because of the uses that typically precede my own presentation . This makes the device , which is wonderfully built and designed , useless for me at this time .
 I ordered this item and put a rush on the delivery because I needed it for an upcoming presentation that I was giving . Thankfully I tested it out before hand - this is a peripheral that should be plug and play and it flat out did not work . It was defective and I had to go through the hassle of returning . I should have just gone to the store 5 minutes down the road to purchase a similar device that actually worked - which is what I ended up doing !
 I purchased this for office use . this pointer does not work with my lenevo IBM computer nor with any of my colleagues . The computer does not recognize that a new hardware is connected.very disappointed
 I own four of these - and all four have failed after approx 6 months of use . These are junk .
 I used it a couple times and it just simply does n't work now.This product comes with 2 years warranty , but too complicated to claimed.So , I am going to buy a new one/new brand instead .
 I bought this remote as a backup to a Satechi SP-400 and was sadly disappointed . It has less than half the range of the Satechi and lacks several features I use . The Satechi has a button for blanking the screen and a separate button for changing the presentation mode as well as a switch which lets you use it as a remote mouse . The Kensington advanced slides eratically when 25 feet from the computer and failed completely at 35 feet . The range was unsatisfactory in our auditorium . The Satechi SP-400 operates fine from 75 feet away . I returned the Kensington and bought another Satechi SP-400 . The Satechi is well worth the extra $ 5 .
 As another reviewer mentioned , this does n't work with a Mac unless you plan to use it with Windows Office Products . This listing needs to be modified to make that clearer !
 The Kensington 33374 looks very high-tech and is easily installed but lacks in some very important areas . First off , I present to large groups of people and do not like to stand in one spot when I present . The Kensington will not change the slides on the laptop if you are more than 20 feet away or if there is obstructions between myself and the USB plug in . The pointer also projects a very small red dot , which is almost impossible to see from further distances . I recommend the PowerPresenter from StreetSmart . It is a little bit more expensive but has been worth every penny . The slides will change every time whether I am 10 feet away or 110 feet away .
 I got this calculator because of its large number of features and RPN mode , which I use exclusively . On initial inspection it appears to be great ; it 's visually attractive , easy to read , and the keys feel good . Unfortunately , it did n't take too long for me to realize that , at least in RPN mode , the calculator consistently misses keystrokes . Keying in 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 6 + 7 + 8 + 9 rarely gives the correct answer -LRB- 45 -RRB- . Additionally , I found that the tan function gives slightly incorrect answers at values very close to 90 degrees . Try taking the tan of 90.0000001 and comparing the result you get to what your computer tells you . The tan error is a minor issue for me , but the missed keystrokes makes this calculator unusable .
 The enter key on mine does n't work reliably , so `` 3 enter 4 '' leaves a 34 in the x register -LRB- rpn mode -RRB- . Not good.HP help suggests to try leaving the batteries out for 24-48 hours.It came with the batteries out for 24-48 hours.You 'd think they 'd suggest replacing the unit . It sounds like a warranty run-around is coming up.UPDATE
 I 've owned several classic HP calculators.I 've handled and used several new HP calculators.This calculator , the 35S is a piece of garbage.I can not begin to explain , because everything about it is cheap . If you were thinking that you could get an improved unit with the newer model offerings , you would be mistaken.HP -- Listen close -- If I wanted a cheap plastic knock off calculator I 'd buy a TI , or Sharp or anything else because there is nothing different about them compared to what you are offering engineers today.I think that the 32Sii was probably the last unit with any respect owed to HP . From then on , the units are terribly designed , cheaply made , and pure garbage.Start making the calculators you used to make . Pull out the designs , go source the materials and OEMs and start making them .1 . Start with the 32Sii platform . Do not mess around with it , it worked and the display and buttons were OK .2 . The manuals need to be spiral bound , complete and as they were in the 80s-90s . There is a reason why we engineers are asking for this . Are any engineers still working at HP-calc division ? WAKE UP .3 . If you insist on selling cheap garbage , go ahead . But the engineers like me still need the product that helps us do our job . And , we can not do our jobs with the current rash of crap you are selling.I give the following scores :33 S - zero stars . The calc is a joke .35 S - zero stars . The display was the non-starter for me . Pressing CHS should not shift the number over , the surface has a bad glare , and it is too far recessed into the case , etc. . .50 g - zero stars . It requires 5 batteries . 4 AAA , and 1 disc . It has a terrible Ask-Tell-Help UI.So HP , here is your marching orders :1 . Keep making the cheap junk , if your profit margin is important .2 . Re-develop the 32Sii line -LRB- or even better , bring back the 15C form-factor , with the same button , LCD look and feel -RRB- .3 . Sell the ` vintage ' styles for more , in cardboard boxes with the same accessories as before .4 . Manuals -LRB- even if they cost extra -RRB- must be spiral bound . OK ? We can not study the new calculators -LRB- and new users are what I am referring to -RRB- with a book that can not LAY FLAT.To the Amazon customer -- skip HP , save your money and get a TI until HP realizes they will lose the race to the bottom in the cheap calculator market .
 This is the 3rd HP calculator I bought -LRB- the other 2 were the hp 33s -RRB- . All have the same problem , after using a while the keys start loosing and dont work . It is not even a month and one of the keys does not work properly , I have to hit very hard to make it work . I contacted Hp support , sent to them the calculators 2 weeks ago and I hope they will send me a new one.In the other hand , I like the RPN system so these calculators are the best for working with calcs . HP shall consider building calculators that last more , I wont mind paying more for a good product . My first calculator last 15 years and was a CASIO .
 You will be very sorry if you buy this calculator.You will be shocked at how poorly HP designed this calculator.I still find the 32SII to be the best general use calculator they ever made . Although this would be a great calculator for advanced features , really how often are you going to need to perform them , versus just doing basic calculations?Some of the low-lights : - Confusing two lines in RPN mode , -LRB- unable to make one line -RRB- - Several steps to clear both lines instead of simple `` clear all '' button - Important , often used keys all over the keypad - There is nothing intuitive or clever about this calculator ... constant syntax errors in the Algebra mode , and then just try clearing . - I actually broke a pair of scissors trying to cut open the plastic blisterpack , -LRB- I thought Amazon was going green ? -RRB- . - Instead of a nice slip on case , you get this giant zippered holder - You get two giant batteries that are very hard to put in place - instead of an instruction book , you get a little booklet to show you all of the confusing key sequences you will probably never use . -LRB- the instruction book is on disk which is not very portable -RRB- . The main problem is the HP engineers took over to try and make a very powerful computer , that makes everyday use very frustrating.Note
 The calculator completely died on the following day after it arrived . I used it for about ten minutes on the day it came just to check it 's working . Next morning , it was completely dead . The two batteries were in the plastic bags so I assume they were fresh . This calculator was designed and built cheap . I 'm surprised to see that the HP marketing department was stupid enough to think they could get by with such a poor quality while majority of the customers are supposed to be hardcore engineers who use RPN . I 'm just sad that HP had fallen so much . It used to be one of the most respected companies.I noticed that HP is spending more money for customer support than making reliable products . The management is not very smart about the cost saving .
 Very difficult to understand how to use . Directions were not easy to follow or conclusive . Very very disappointed in the product .
 I had high hopes for this calculator , but now that I have it in my hands I 'm quite disappointed .1 . The keys are mush . This is a major failing . The tactile response of the keys on HP 's professional calculators has always been an important aspect of their ease of use . The HP 35s , however , has mushy keys no better -LRB- and maybe worse -RRB- than cheaper scientific calculators from Casio or Texas Instruments . Incompetent design at HP now seems to be the norm in their calculator division .2 . The calculator is too wide and badly shaped to comfortably hold in the hand . It 's deceptive in photographs , but the 35s bulges slightly towards the middle . This makes is slightly wider than my 48G , which is a big graphing calculator . The 35G feels unwieldy even though it 's advertised as a pocket calculator .3 . It uses non-standard batteries . My 48G uses standard AAA batteries , but the 35s uses button batteries that you 'll have to hunt for to replace . This is a poor decision on HPs part , creating another hassle in addition to the poor ergonomics .4 . The RPN entry is implemented incorrectly , and it is inconsistent with other HP calculators . This is insane . If I type 3 ENTER 2 ENTER + on my 48G then I get the answer 5 , which is correct . If I type that in on the 35s I get the answer 4 ! Why ? Apparently when I enter the number 2 , it keeps two copies in the number
 I found it impossible to use this model even for simple arithmatic , and I have used a HP scientific calcultor for 25 years . The procedures required for this model are impenetrable , and I have returned it .
 This package comes with a HP33s calculator , HP33s User Manuals -LRB- French and English -RRB- and two small Chotkeh booklets . The HP products are as you would expect
 Both of my HP-35S calculators have the same problem . They frequently ignore key strokes resulting in incorrect answers . For example , I press the enter key . Most of the time it records the enter key stroke . Some of the time it does n't . The same is true for any other key that gets pressed . You have to constantly check the display for entry accuracy , otherwise the answer it gives may be wrong .
 With my old HP42s to compute sqrt -LRB- -1 -RRB- you punched 3 keys
 I own both 33s and 35sThis 35s has a little more things , and some major buttons got shifted back to the 2nd or 3rd buttons which make uncomfortable.Also 35s does n't recognize numbers quick enough , and it calculates fairly slower than 33s does . It would be ok for those of you do not care about speed , but i can tell you it 's slower than 33s and does n't do much more than 33s . I highly recommend 33s rather than 35s for you guys taking TMSCA and UIL tests .
 The thing comes with a `` quick start guide '' that says press ` c ' to turn it on . That did not work as had no display . Tried the HP web site and could have saved some time . Then found how to call and that also was a waste of time . Do n't bother entering the model number or the serial number for a calculator on the web site as that just gets you to the error page.Then noticed that there were to batteries in the package taped to to the CD . So used the manual to go to page 43 which the index said was `` how to replace batteries '' . There is nothing about batteries on page 43 or the previous or the next . I then assumed that `` made in China '' also implied documented in China and some translations got missed.Having had an HP calculator since my 35 I think they no longer care a S ^ % $ about them as no money any more -LRB- the 35 and the 45 cost !!!!!!!!!!! compared to this one . -RRB- . So yet to use it but given what has happened so far learning how to do things with this one using a manual with known errors sure looks like a major pain . Guess must learn Chinese to do better.Rejoice ... the manual is in English ... well sort of anyway.Solution
 If you 're like me and have `` grown up '' on HP calculators and were think `` This is it ! HP is back ! '' let me be the first to tell you that , no , HP is not back . The calculator feels a bit more fragile than the earlier generation and is missing some of the well thought out HP calculator innovations that the earlier alphanumerics , such as the legendary HP-41 , hhad . The display does not show the function key you pressed unlike the HP-32s I own . Better yet the HP-41 showed the function and if you made a mistake in hitting the wrong function key , you simply held the key down for 2 seconds the function was nulled.UPDATE
 This is NOT an HP calculator . It is a cheap Chinese-made calculator which imitates the look of the old HP calculators and has HP 's logo on it . It is sad that HP is turning into nothing more a marketing company for this kind of garbage.The calculator is all plastic , no metal case . The keys have painted on numbers , not molded plastic numbers , so they will quickly wear off . The button action is better than `` TI '' calculators but is still nowhere near what the original HP button touch was like.To give you a sense of just how cheap this thing is the numbers and symbols have been painted on with a digital process so they have jaggy edges . That 's right
 RPN does not work well and the stack is only 4 deep . I 'm very disappointed in this machine . Do n't buy this calculator if you 've been using HP Calculators and are expecting RPN operation as HP has historically provided it . HP - DO N'T MAKE A CALCULATOR AND SELL IT AS RPN IF YOU CA N'T GET IT RIGHT ! THIS SHOULD NOT BE THAT HARD TO DO .
 I was looking for a reasonably priced replacement for my beloved HP-15C . That is , a RPN calculator in which to do simple calculations and equation programming . The HP-15C still costs $ 150 which is ridiculous for a relatively simple calculator in this day in age . The HP-35s seemed to fit the bill reasonably well enough and it had two display lines instead of just one . However , the keyboard is of very poor quality and it can not keep up with my typing speed , frequently resulting in incorrect calculations . I get frustrated every single time I use the calculator as a result . In addition , the keyboard layout is extremely poor and a huge step back from the HP-15C . Common functions often require more key stokes than the 15C and the keys or not placed in intuitive/optimal positions.Argh !!!! Come on HP ... stop fleecing the consumer and make your 15C cost $ 50 bucks instead of $ 150 .
 It is a shame that HP has released such a ergonomically poor design , although the calculator has the look and feel of the older classic calculators ; that is about the only thing you get for your money . The functionality of this calculator can be described as confusing and very poorly thought out , it is hard to believe that HP has released this model with its present flaws . As an example ; simple things like numerical base conversions which should be a straight forward function using a few key strokes , will leave you wondering . However , when you try such conversion in this calculator it will leave you scratching your head for an answer and do n't bother looking for the answer in the user 's manual , because the so called `` user 's manual '' has very little information about anything and it is pretty much useless .
 Pros
 A classic maligned , this . This is NOT the HP-35s Scientific Calculator , much beloved since its debut in 1972
 I purchased an HP35S for the FE exam . The buttons `` feel '' like the old HP buttons -LRB- maybe a little softer -RRB- with a really sinister twist - just because the button `` feels '' like it has been pushed , does n't mean it has been . I often have to enter entire problems in a second time because I do n't get any of the multiple choice answers offered on the test . I have had to push the buttons so hard to get them to work that now the Clear/On button is broken and requires truly viciously hard finger slamming to get it to work . This will slow me down in the exam , now two weeks away , so I am having to buy replacement calculator.I detest RPN and wo n't use it . HP has made their `` algebraic '' mode even more literally algebraic to the point that this calculator is very inefficient compared to earlier HP algebraic calculators like the HP20S , which I still have two of -LRB- not allowed in the FE exam -RRB- . For example , the HP20S automatically assumed that any button you pushed applied to what was displaying . If the display was `` 5 '' and you pushed the x ^ 2 button , it squared the 5 and returned 25 . Same with Sin and Cos. . With the HP35S , this only applies to + - x / so that you have to push the Lastx and then the ^ button to square what is in the display . Lots of common operations require the use of the arrow keys to back things out of parenthesis . Similarly , the programming is inconsistent . Some programs get executed with Enter , some with R/S and some with Solve . It must make sense to someone , but in the heat of an exam I do n't have time to screw around figuring out which stupid button to push to run a program.The first item of importance in a calculator is accuracy . The second is button push and clear display . Casio and TI have always had lousy , mushy buttons and slow displays and I wo n't buy their junk . HP now has crisp , but deceptive buttons . I also suspect it is n't consistently accurate . I compare my handwritten algebra to the problem solution many times and it is the same , but I got the wrong answer on the stupid calculator . I have started checking all my calculations with the back button . This slows me down . I wanted buttons I could just trust and not have to look.This only matters for examinations . I use a computer with Mathematica or Matlab on it now for all my routine calculations anyway . I only need this thing for the exam , but it bites having a poorly designed calculator and then having to buy a replacement because the buttons do n't work well and then break when you push them as hard as they seem to require .
 I bought the HP35s of one single reason , I 'm a fan of the HP calculators , and have used them over 30 years . My last good calculator was the HP48GX , but when that got stolen I got a HP49G instead which I did n't like as much . I also have the HP15C which was great for its time , but of some reason that never got a follower despite that its financial cousin HP12C is still manufactured after 29 years.Anyway , the HP35s has the right feeling of a HP calculator , regarding buttons and such , but about the software I do n't know what to say . It 's like they have hired a trainee , which has been told about the HP style of calculators but never had the chance to learn how to use them . Then they 've asked the trainee to write up a completely new software for the HP35s , without looking at what has been done earlier . Then releasing this software without giving it to anyone used to HP calculators to test it , where the worst misses could have been fixed . The result is something that looks nice , but is hardly usable.Regarding base conversions they should have looked upon HP16C , HP35s is not useful for base conversions at all . In hex mode , you can not type hex numbers directly , which would be the expected . Instead of making a nice line with A-F -LRB- printed -RRB- on keys at the top they have used H , I , J , K , M for entering A , B , C , D , E , F respectively ... . In hex mode you have to tell it explicitly that the number you enter is hex , by Blue , Base , hex ... the keys for inputting A-F gives syntax error without ... The basic operation of this calcuator is strange . You have the old X , Y , Z , T stack , but its behaviour is not at all the expected . For instance , to add 1 and 2 you type
 I got this because I 'm going back to school and it 's one of the few calulators you are allowed to use for the Surveying exam . As soon as I pass that exam it 's off to the thrift store because it 's a complete piece of garbage . It only has 10 built in unit conversions , so say for example you need to convert Miles to meters you will have to convert your miles to inches manually then use the calulator to convert to cm then you have to conver the centemeters to meters manually . Complete waste of time , I could build spread sheets to do the math faster than doing things using this calculator.Hopefully HP will start re-building the old 48 's one day .
 I 've had a few HP calculators , including lots of 41 's -LRB- some wore out , one died from a Scotch overdose , some got upgraded -RRB- . The 35s looks nice but I just ca n't bring myself to really like it.I have a 49g that I do n't like either . I keep it around for the units conversions which are very useful . The worst features on the 49 are the hard-to-read display , and the sluggish operation . It is just about impossible to add/subtract several numbers without it giving you the ` please wait ' symbol . -LRB- I have nothing in memory except maybe 5 variables . -RRB- If you have key click turned off , you will not notice this and have errors in your calculations.The 35s has the same effect . For me , about one in 20 to 50 keystrokes does not register . There is tactile feedback , but no entry which causes all kinds of errors . Just plain no good at all.Others have noted bad design features like a shifted STO key . There are many quirks that I might learn to deal with if I read the manual , but my heart is n't in it . For most things it 's easier , more accurate , and I 'm happier , to use the free RealCalc on my Android phone . It 's good enough that I 've upgraded to paid even though there are n't many added features.Feb 6 2013
 My new calculator came today . I was excited at first . Then I worked my way most of the way through the Quick Start Guide . Now I 'm just disappointed . I may send this back.I 've owned a few HP calculators from way back . My first was an HP-25c . My last , and prior to this , was an HP-28s , which was an amazing machine . I may end up buying a used 28s on eBay.This is what I noticed after only a few hours of operation : What 's right about the latest 35s is the overall design and look . The sloped key fronts , color scheme , etc. is classic . Some of the choices for where functions are placed are a bit obtuse , but the killer is that this is a compromise machine -- it does neither RPN nor algebraic well . It is the weak performance with basic operations that hurts the 35s . The first problem is that the clear X key -LRB- C -RRB- does n't . Rather it replaces the value in the X register with 0 . The 28s had a DROP key , and I 'm pretty darn sure the CLR X key on the older calculators behaved the same way as DROP . At least I do n't remember having been left with a 0 after CLR X. Clumsy . RPN is supposed to be easy and intuitive . It should be effortless.The second problem is that some functions that should consume values on the stack leave residue -LRB- that is they use the value but leave it on the stack -RRB- . For example the SIGMA + function takes two values . The X vanishes -LRB- as it should -RRB- but the Y is left on the stack . Also the SEED function leaves the seed value on the stack . I would n't be surprised if other functions behave badly as well . I did n't test everything.Having extensively used the 28s before this one , the limited -LRB- 4-value -RRB- stack feels wrong . However a 4-value stack was common with the older HPs , so not a huge deal . Using ROLL -LRB- R down-arrow -RRB- to get rid of residue does n't work . It ends up on top of the rather small stack.An ugly , ugly glitch is the display . When using the DISPLAY ALL mode , numbers that go to scientific mode because they are too big or too small to display accurately in fixed point , overflow the 14-character display . As exponents can be as big as 3-digits , HP should have given us a 16-character display.I am not a fan of algebraic calculators , but reading through the Quick Start Guide I was struck by the clumsy way they force users to access functions in ALG mode . If the HP designers hate ALG mode , then why include it at all?On a related note , having both is a compromise to either . At best you end up with unwanted keys/methods that do n't fit your workflow . At worst you end up with freaky artifacts , such as an RPN clear X key that behaves as if it belongs on an ALG calculator . Or stupid key sequences in order to access functions in ALG mode . Above all a calculator should be effortless to use . Do n't saddle the user with extra keystrokes for no reason , or force us to stare at the screen and try to puzzle out where some number came from -LRB- residue or wanted result ? -RRB- . HP , all you 've done is made the use of the 35s more error prone.Complex numbers are a disappointment . What is the square root of -1 ? According to the 35s it 's an error . Even -1 i0 is an error -LRB- both should evaluate to 0i-1 -RRB- . The square root of 0i-1 does n't work either . Vectors also seem to be a half-implemented solution . Either give us a set of functionality , or do n't bother and make your calculator simpler.Working in fractions was kinda cool.Despite the classic shape/layout , this is a cheaply built machine that 's made in China , and it feels like it . I have n't had an issue , but other reviewers complained about keys that do n't always register a key press.Conclusions : Creating a dual-mode machine was a poor idea . Couple that with a weak implementation of a dual-mode machine and you have a disaster . The 35s is harder to use than HP 's classic calculators -LRB- such as the HP-35 -RRB- and it 's harder to use than other people 's algebraic calculators . Because of this , even basic operations require careful thought and are error prone.If you love RPN calculators , the 35s is n't for you . If you love algebraic calculators , the 35s is n't for you.HP , you blew it .
 1st world problem - did not get the case depicted , that is , the nice `` clamshell '' style thatyou can leave the calculator in while using . This one comes with a cheapo sleeve case.Deceived .
 A year ago I purchased a HP 35s Scientific Calculator . I changed the batteries set 3 times and every time were dead without any use to justified the batteries replacement . I Contacted HP and they may not honor the warranty because a contacted them 2 weeks after the purchase date receipt . Before I contact HP I spend 7-8 weeks to sorted out the problem , but I never imagine that the calculator will drain the batteries while it was powered off . I still waiting for HP answer , I hope they honor the warranty .
 Beware of purchasing this item . All of the laminate pouches were worthless since the `` stitched carrier '' that was supposed to be included was missing . I could n't laminate anything without the carrier and had to purchase another product instead .
 The 3 rings overlap with each other creating a thickness that does not allow normal 3 hole paper to move easily . I had to double punch my papers to create bigger holes just to get the rings to close properly and my papers do n't `` flip '' easily . I would see if there is a different ring section for the rack system before purchasing these . -LRB- The rack system that goes with this is fine -RRB- .
 I found this translator to be too complicated to setup , especially since the manual was not for it specifically . Would send back if could , but the 7 day return period was not enough time for me to figure it out before leaving on my trip to ` old ' Mexico . Now I have a translator I can not figure out and can not return . Do not recommend Unless you are a computer Guru/Nerd/Geek , etc. . Very Disappointed !
 Bought this cordless phone with good expectations , but I was let down by the sound quality . The greeting and the messages are kinda muddy sounding , also , the message playback volume starts low at the beginning then moves to the normal volume level . This means the first word of your greeting or message can be hard to understand or even lost . This is annoying . I 've tried cheaper models in the past that handle messages better.The sound quality when I 'm speaking to someone is only average at best , and when I talk a little loud I can hear some distortion . I 'm taking this phone back to the store and getting another , perhaps AT&T ; or Panasonic .
 PROS
 This desk tray is great . It is deep enough to keep stuff from falling out , fits PERFECTLY in the top of my file cabinet -LRB- in the drawer -RRB- , and is sturdy . I fit a good amount of stuff in it , keep my paper clips and staples organized . There 's a compartment which is long enough to hold a stapler and ruler , which is pretty awesome.BUT this product is available at Walmart for the same price , and only $ 1 shipping , instead of the $ 25 dollar ` free ' shipping that comes with this product . The experience in getting my money back has been horrible , and it cost me 2.5 x what I expected to pay .
 I bought this for my office at work and the center of the item is so raised that I can not close the drawer . what a waste !
 Length :
 I am quite disappointed in this Rubbermaid Hanging Drawer Organizer . I just purchased a new desk and the two drawers on the right side are both deep file drawers . I am right handed and always keep my desk accessories in the right hand top drawer so I was hoping this would work for me . Unfortunately it does not ! Nothing I have fits in this tray . Not my stapler , not my tape dispenser , not my calculator , not my scissiors ! Nothing other than a letter opener , normal length pens , a couple of sizes of post-it pads , annd perhaps loose paper clips -LRB- I have a separate magnetic dispenser that is better anyway -RRB- ! The material is hard shinny plastic so it has no feel , is noisy , and slides around too easy . It also would cost more to return than it is worth . Luckily I also ordered a Madesmart 3 X 15 X 11-1/2 - Inch Junk Drawer Organizer in the same order . It fills my left hand top drawer nicely , holds everything the Rubbermaid tray would not hold , and the Maidsmart is made of a nicer material , which does not slide around , is quiet , and has a nice softer surface feel . The Madesmart-like quality is much more like what I expected from Rubbermaid .
 I have wanted this item for quite some time since I love to keep my office organized . I finally decided to purchase it even though I thought it was a bit pricy for something like this . The image of the product actually looks a lot better then when the product arrives . It seems very cheaply made and it is very flimsy . I was very disapointed after spending about $ 40.00 . Save your money !!!!!
 I do n't know if the sorter will stay up for long or not . I 'm conflicted about sending it back . I do n't have time for that . The below is what I reported about them : &#34; The top piece of this merchandise does not at all match the bottom . You sent two parts that do not go together . I will never order from you again , and I will make sure you have a very low review ! You pulled pieces from other merchandise and sold them together . &#34; I am disgusted at the business practices of many people these days . My greatest concern is whether or not it will hold up as I place all of my materials on here . I just might have to send it back for the price . To the sellers - scheming never gets you anywhere . You would have greater success , especially with a product of this price -LRB- $ 35.00 and some change with tax -RRB- if you would sell the product as it is expected . Since you did n't , if my review somehow disappears off of amazon , trust I have copied , pasted and saved to my desktop and will post it to facebook , twitter and linkedin . You have a bad name in my book . Those who really know business and study it , know that the best advertisement is word of mouth .
 Ordered a pack of two and received one . The one pen received was bright pink ink , I order black ink .
 I like the idea of saving space on my desk and the price was great ! I was disappointed , however , by the design . The back of the file is open so papers can slip out the bottom . The papers must be in a folder to keep them from slipping out .
 It 's a weak product , it 's plastic , you can get the same quality at Staples or Office Depot for at least $ 10.00 less , excluding shipping and handling . For some reason I thought it was the metal material -- nope . Have had the product for three months and it 's already trashed .
 Have used this type of cover for about 15 years.This is the first time I purchased the covers by way of Amazon.They arrived promptly and the means of purchasing the covers was convenient.However , I received Blue instead of Black.My clients reports had to be completed with the wrong color.Quality requires that you do it right before you do it fast.Wrong and fast is just poor results faster.Time constraints left me little alternative than to use the covers , and have the balance of the Blue Covers on hand , unlikely to be used .
 This is the worst phone we have ever owned . The phone is barely one-year old and has never functioned well . It routinely does not capture numbers that are pressed requiring us to dial and redial and redial ... you get the point . Now , the screen is malfunctioning so we are unable to see the number we are attempting to dial and our caller id is service is now useless . Avoid this phone at all costs !! Is anyone out there happy with a dual Skype/standard phone ? We need a new one !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- . After buying my first DUALphone in December of 2005 , I liked it enough to buy two more almost immediately for friends and family . The phone is very easy to use -- you simply plug it in to the USB port of your computer , make sure Skype 's running , and that 's it . As its name also implies , you can plug a regular telephone line into it and make calls that way . You can actually do both at once , and choose when to use Skype vs. your phone line very easily.Now for the drawbacks . For one , every time somebody on my Skype buddy list changes their status , the phone beeps and flashes a message on its display screen -- AND THEN HANGS UP THE ACTIVE PHONE CALL . :-LRB- Also , occasionally my cheekbone will hit one of the buttons near the top of the keypad , which will mute the conversation . I can never figure out how to un-do that , and thus have to hang up the phone call . Another problem is that my phone will always hang up after exactly 2 hours and 2 minutes of call time . Also , the phone does get rather hot after an hour or more of use , but this is also true for most cellphones . Finally , it seems as though the manufacturer of this phone has stopped supporting it , as of some time in 2007 ? In summary , this is a great phone ; it 's very easy to use , you simply plug it in and it works . However , the firmware bugs , somewhat strange keypad layout bugs , and termination of support by the manufacturer means I ca n't recommend it as highly as I would like to . I will be shopping for another Skype-compatible phone soon .
 does not work with skype most of the time . when it does work it has echoes on both ends . i have to dial it from the computer it will not dial or select a friend to call from the dual phone .
 I have had this phone for over a year . I had echoing at times but my main problem is the display . It slowly faded away , losing one or more numbers or letters at a time until it is completely blank at this time . Pretty hard to use the functions if there is no display . I will not buy this phone again .
 Purchased this product when it first came out . The LCD panel began to fail shortly after purchase . Yet I like the phone so much I purchased several more after reports that the DUALPhone LCD panel had been replaced . Unfortunately , this is still a key failure point . I will replace this phone and toss it in the garbage .
 I 've used it for more than a year now with Skype . I have 2 handsets.It was the first reasonably-priced phone of its type that I could afford . So I got it because there was nothing better ... The phone software improved a few times , but the phone continues to have problems . Sometimes turns off every few minutes during the call . The volume always has to be turned up . The battery life is very short , especially with a handset.I use it as my primary home phone . So , it 's never been as reliable for that as it should be . Do n't invest in this half-baked product , if you can afford something better.When I have the money , I will buy the Philips voip841 . I just bought one for my Mom . It does n't need to be connected to the PC to work , and works much better .
 These trays are made of a very thin plastic that is similar to the kind used for packaging . I was expecting something thick and durable like the trays that you can get in office supply stores . These are very flimsy and could be easily pierced with a letter opener or even cut with scissors .
 Hello ? This is `` SCHOOL GLUE '' . It was so hard to squeeze the glue out even for an adult that my child could n't even begin to do it!I could hardly do it myself.Back to glue sticks and this goes back on the shelf!GAH !
 One of the corners on one of the ones I received was broken , so I ca n't hang that one up . `` Includes double-sided tape and screws . '' - Mine did not come with double sided tape .
 This product does exactly what it says it will
 I tried to glue fabric to cardboard and foil to cardboard and it did n't work for me . Maybe I 'm doing something wrong .
 I wanted a bulletin board to hang my 4 yr old daughter 's pictures on from preschool . I really liked the concept of this one because I would n't need to worry about magnets or push pins falling on the floor and my youngest daughter getting a hold of them.I wish I would never have bought this product especially since it cost more than a regular cork board or magnetic dry erase board . This product fails at holding paper up that is somewhat heavy -LRB- ie . has beans glued to it -RRB- , which I actually can understand , but even a single sheet of paper that has a colored drawing on it can only stick for a minute or two then it falls to the floor . I do n't know if certain types of paper does n't work with it , but of the 8 to 10 drawings I have tried to hang on it , only 50 % of them will actually stick to the bulletin board consistently.In short , the concept is great which is why I gave it 2 stars , but it did not work for us and I will be getting a different bulletin board .
 I wanted a bulletin board to hang my 4 yr old daughter 's pictures on from preschool . I really liked the concept of this one because I would n't need to worry about magnets or push pins falling on the floor and my youngest daughter getting a hold of them.I wish I would never have bought this product especially since it cost more than a regular cork board or magnetic dry erase board . This product fails at holding paper up that is somewhat heavy -LRB- ie . has beans glued to it -RRB- , which I actually can understand , but even a single sheet of paper that has a colored drawing on it can only stick for a minute or two then it falls to the floor . I do n't know if certain types of paper does n't work with it , but of the 8 to 10 drawings I have tried to hang on it , only 50 % of them will actually stick to the bulletin board consistently.In short , the concept is great which is why I gave it 2 stars , but it did not work for us and I will be getting a different bulletin board .
 I bought this , thinking that a metal card file would be nicer than a cheap plastic one . I was wrong . It 's a cheap metal box . The sides are n't straight , and are not well put together . The lid does not close straight . The picture shows tabbed dividers with the cards . Do n't be fooled - if you use tabbed dividers , like I do , you wo n't be able to close the lid completely . I ended up buying a plastic one that actually has room for all my cards , and the dividers .
 I followed the instructions carefully , and tried with both adhesive strips that came with the copy holder , but if fell off in mere minutes , without ever a document placed upon it . Amazon , happily , has a great return process .
 Product arrived in a brown box and inside was a bag with the document holder inside that . Box states contents and should have come with two large Command strips but did not . . Spending six more bucks to order Command strips and then I 'll see how it works . . If you have large Command adhesive strips laying around your house , you will probably love this . . UPDATE
 Save your money . This is the worst scale I have ever used . It switches from weighing items to the tare function on a whim , or shuts off randomly , or items weigh differently depending on the pull of the moon . Please do not give this company any money , I know I wo n't .
 READ THE FINE PRINT ! If you need this scale to give you results that are very accurate ... GET ANOTHER SCALE ! I was being driven crazy trying to get accurate read outs , then I read the manual . The manual actually says that the scale is meant for INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY , and that it should not be used for commercial or other uses . Another big bummer is that it can not weigh small packages well ! It can not weigh anything unless it is over 1 pound , and even then so , the scale is off . I thought mine was defective , so I exchanged it , but had the same problem . I was surprised because I have another Royal scale with a 10 pound cap . and it works really well ! This one is a BUST ... and so EXPENSIVE !!!
 ... when the product was produced by Royal . Thankfully I got this at Costco , so it is going back ! What a horrid scale . Actually , it is a joke to even call it a scale . As others said , the numbers bounce around wildly , it does n't come back to 0 when I remove an item -LRB- and that is not due to the tare feature -RRB- .
 This Royal scale was a complete waste of money . Luckily I did n't spend quite as much as I see it here for because I got it at Sam 's Club . However , it has NEVER worked properly . Numbers bounced around , would n't go back to zero after removal , etc. . I thought it was me . . maybe the surface was n't stable enough ; maybe I had gotten something on the sensors , etc. . However , after reading the other reviews , I realize it was not just me and that this scale is just horrible . If I could give it zero stars I would . I got it because it claimed to weigh items up to 300 + pounds . I could n't even get it to weigh 2 pounds correctly !
 Even with this supposed tacky surface , you 'll still be buying some type of tacky glue to get anything to actually stick to it . Very disappointing .
 TOTAL JUNK !!!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! It is not like a bulletin board because when you hang stuff on it , it may stick , but try to take it off , and it tears .
 I used this board to display pictures at a memorial service and from time to time had to keep pressing the pictures down to keep them on the board . It is definately not worth the fifteen bucks I paid for it . It is only a flimsy piece of cardboard you stick another flimsy piece of colored paper over . The colored paper has a tacky surface.I would have returned it , but I was pressed for time . The only good thing I can say about the whole transaction , is that the item came in a nice big box with lots of paper to cushion it . I reused the paper to wrap some fragile glass items .
 You can not believe the shape this flimsy stuff showed up in ! It had been folded , bent and mutilated beyond belief . The cardboard support for the product in the package provided no protection at all.Why the seller thought this would arrive ANYWHERE in usable shape is beyond me . Headed for the nearest Staples ... Avoid !
 I ordered this thinking that I would apply it over the cork bulletin board that I already had up . The item was shipped without any shipping protection and I received it bent and partially destroyed by shipping . On the bright side the seller refunded my money immediately .
 I used this board to display pictures at a memorial service and from time to time had to keep pressing the pictures down to keep them on the board . It is definately not worth the fifteen bucks I paid for it . It is only a flimsy piece of cardboard you stick another flimsy piece of colored paper over . The colored paper has a tacky surface.I would have returned it , but I was pressed for time . The only good thing I can say about the whole transaction , is that the item came in a nice big box with lots of paper to cushion it . I reused the paper to wrap some fragile glass items .
 You can not believe the shape this flimsy stuff showed up in ! It had been folded , bent and mutilated beyond belief . The cardboard support for the product in the package provided no protection at all.Why the seller thought this would arrive ANYWHERE in usable shape is beyond me . Headed for the nearest Staples ... Avoid !
 I ordered this thinking that I would apply it over the cork bulletin board that I already had up . The item was shipped without any shipping protection and I received it bent and partially destroyed by shipping . On the bright side the seller refunded my money immediately .
 Even with this supposed tacky surface , you 'll still be buying some type of tacky glue to get anything to actually stick to it . Very disappointing .
 TOTAL JUNK !!!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! It is not like a bulletin board because when you hang stuff on it , it may stick , but try to take it off , and it tears .
 I WAS TOLD BY YOUR AGENT THAT THERE WERE LINES ON THE CHARTS , BUT THERE WERE NOT , I WOULD HAVE SENT THEM BACK BUT I NEEDED THEM RIGHT AWAY , SO I HAD TO GO THROUGH THE TROUBLE OF DRAWING ALL THE LINES IN , IT TOOK SEVERAL HOURS , I COULD HAVE BOUGHT THE CHARTS THAT HAD NO LINES MUCH CHEAPER , I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH AMAZON FOR GIVING ME THE WRONG INFO , ALSO I WILL BE CALLING CUSTOMER SERVICE ABOUT THIS .
 This Emerson phone has two poor qualities . One
 This phone does not have a caller ID , the microphone does not pick up on the speakerphone . It is completely different from the picture . Do not purchase this and think this is the actual phone you are getting . Spend more money and get a better quality phone .
 This was my first bubble mailer - offered very little protection for the contents . Very flat bubbles , compared to bubble mailers at Staples store . Probably fine if contents can not be crushed or damaged , such as a rigid box or VHS tape . I 'll be trying a different brand .
 You cant close the item , because gum is not great to close.I have lost 5 to 6 packages due to gum problem , some packages opened while delivery.Label also wont stick to cover , if you past the label , it will come out.You need to put the separate tape to close the cover , that is extra work.Regards
 Product is of very poor quality . The mailers are very thin , and there is very little cushioning.I would not have bought these if I had seem them in person first , and I will not be buying them again .
 Like a couple of other people have mentioned , these are too small to be called # 0 . We sell DVDs and have purchased tens of thousands of bubble mailers from various manufacturers . A DVD will barely fit in these . When we ship a DVD , we include literature with a rubber band around it . It 's like torture getting these in there.And again like another reviewer said , the bubbles are very flat and there just is n't that much protection.The adhesive is another problem . It is not evenly distributed and there are often streaks or even blank areas which has required us to use tape to make sure they stay shut.To sum it up , they 're pretty much useless . Better to spend a little more and get a quality mailer that is the correct size , cushioning and adhesive quality .
 This is n't the first time I have purchased from 007 Design which is propackagingsupply they constantly change their retail name and logos on amazon like they send the fake produts6 months ago I bought this same product from them and rather than a 6x10 it was a 6x9 with a usable space of 6x8 .5 the item should be way more in sizing and I can see the huge different from a 6x10 as I use them daily . I contacted 007 design they never responded had to go through a load of headache to get the items out and bought from them again because I did n't know they changed their retail name again ! Now here again I am stuck with the same foreign made mailer low quality , cheap , and its the same wrong itembuyers beaware
 These bubble mailers are listed as # 0 , which is always a standard size of 6 X 10 . When they arrived they were not the normal size # 0 at all and they were much too small compared to all of the other size # 0 mailers I have gotten from all other companies in the past . The true measurements of this seller 's `` size # 0 '' is only 5.5 X 9 on the inside . If you need the full 6 X 10 space then these will not work as they are supposed to . Listing details are not accurate and I have told the seller to change them .
 Good price but the weird non-stick texture is preventing the self adhesive labels from sticking . I have to also tape down the labels but I still feel the labels will come off if given the chance . I would not ship merchandise of value in these .
 These National Brand steno books are made of very cheap paper and backing boards . It 's impossible to use them the way steno books are meant to be used -- ie , writing on them while holding the pad in your lap . These are only marginally ok if you use them writing flat on a table . Paper is rough and cheap , not smooth at all . -LRB- If you 're looking for a steno pad with a rigid backing , be sure the description says `` easel backing '' that allows it to stand upright . -RRB- Sorry I bought these , waste of money .
 Out of curiosity I have been taking a look at all of the various steno pads I have stashed all over the house ; both new and old pads . I use a lot of these things here in the home and before my retirement I used even more of them at work . The pad being reviewed here is one that I recently purchased at a local office supply store ... well , actually I purchased two of them . I fully admit right here , in front of all of you , that I made this purchase in a hurry and simply was NOT paying attention to what I was buying and more importantly , what I was paying!There is one other review here posted at the time of the writing of this review and I am sorry to tell you that the other review here is absolutely spot-on . As steno pads go , the pads being reviewed here are truly wretched when compared to other pads by different companies.The backing on these pads is extremely flimsy which more or less takes away half of the reasons for using a steno pad . The paper is of very low grade , is rough and just `` feels '' terrible . But folks , that is not the worse complaint I have . Please note the price of these things carefully ! At the time of this writing these pads are being sold at 3.87 per pad . That is for 80 sheets of low grade paper . If you check closely , you can , at the time of this writing , purchase a package of 12 pads , Tops Brand , for 17.19 which breaks down to 1.43 per pad . I found this price for both pads to be just about the same at local retailers . We are not even talking shipping here either!Anyway , I found myself stuck with two rather inferior pads . One of them I placed in the kitchen to make grocery lists with , the other I placed in my truck 's glove box as I am always wanting something to write on . Now this was three weeks ago . Four days after I placed this pad in my truck we had a mini-storm hit and a 200 year old oak tree was blown down and landed on my truck . To truck was a total loss ... like it looked like a pancake . Coincidence ? Who knows ? I do know that that oak lasted for 200 years and was doing just fine until I placed this pad in my truck . Of course I have no proof that the two incidents are related ... I 'm just saying ... ! If you want expensive grocery list paper then these are for you . If you want a pad to put in your truck ... well , that is your decision but do n't come crying to me if a meteorite lands on your beloved truck or if it is crushed by a herd of crazed elephants or something.Seriously , these pads are not much count and they are way , way too expensive and I do not recommend them.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 This product does not cut straight . I tried several sizes and thicknesses of paper and had no luck producing a straight , blemish-free edge . The mechanism that holds the rotary blade wobbles despite efforts of pressure to control it . I suppose a more expensive product might do a better job . This product was not worth the price and did not reach any of my expectations .
 I SPENT TWO WEEKS THINKING ABOUT PUTTING THIS TOGETHER . IT TOOK ME ALL OF ONE DAY . BY THE END OF THE DAY , I WAS CONVINCED IT SIMPLY COULD N'T BE DONE BY THIS HUMAN BEING . IT PERPETUALLY FELL APART AT EACH STAGE OF INSTALLATION . CAM SHAFTS AND LOCKS GAVE WAY , THOUGH IN OTHER MODULAR FURNITURE I HAVE ASSEMBLED , THEY WORKED GREAT . I WOULD N'T ACCEPT THIS FILE CABINET AS A GIFT , LET ALONE EVER RECOMMEND ANYONE ACTUALLY PURCHASE IT . THE WOOD CRACKED IN SEVERAL PLACES , THE FRAME WENT TOGETHER CROOKED AND THE OVERALL PIECE IS SO HEAVY AND CUMBERSOME THAT IT IS NOT SOMETHING MOST PEOPLE WOULD EVER WANT TO TAKE ON .
 I SEARCHED THE INTERNET FOR JUST THE RIGHT FILE CABINET . This Oxford File Cabinet description led me to order the cabinet.What a disapointment .1 . -RRB- The screw holes are misaligned2 . -RRB- The peg holes were mis aligned3 . -RRB- The instructions were unclear how to mount the drawer rails .4 . -RRB- The drawere rails are poor quality and we had problems getting the draweres inserted an working properlyIf this file cabinet had assembled well I was going to purchase a second cabinet . My plans have changed !
 Every piece must be assembled , very time consuming . Drawers not very deep and unit is top heavy.I would not recommend buying it .
 The idea of a gel grip on a quality pen sounds like a slam dunk winner . I have 3 of these guys and I can tell you that winner they are not . First , the refills -LRB- kind of a basic feature -RRB- are from Fisher and are the pressure type and not very good . Every one I have blobs if I write a lot . Next , the gel on one leaked and made a mess in my wife 's purse -LRB- she was not happy -RRB- . And the design strikes me as a little crude in comparison to the high price . Not a great value and I 'll never buy another . I think the idea has merit but the execution is still in need of some work .
 I 'm not sure if other pen fans out there have noticed this or not , but every Sensa ballpoint pen I own -LRB- and sadly I own more than one -RRB- has the same incredibly annoying problem . The ink flow is splotchy . Whenever I write there are consistent breaks in the lines . Undoubtedly this is a problem with the `` space age '' refill , but I find it pretty intolerable . What good is a pen that is comfortable and writes under water when it does n't write as smoothly as a Bic under normal circumstances ?
 I was excited when I got this in the mail - for practicing cursive for my son - but the letters are to big ! Not realistic size - I wish the letters were a little smaller / so that kids can practice cursive on lined paper-not only is it expensive - which I did n'tMind if it would work well - but not very practical for use with lined paper .
 I thought my order was all set -LRB- Plexsupply -RRB- . I got the order confirmation email from Amazon showing a $ 10 shipping/handling cost but I got a call a day later saying this item can only be shipped by freight which was going to cost nearly the amount of the mat to begin with . In addition , the call was made by someone using a cell phone - it sounded like he was driving ?? I cancelled the order . I would have liked a heads-up about the shipping cost and I do n't understand why the order was put through and confirmed initially with normal shipping costs and then later revised . Although this is n't a review of the product , I would have liked to have known about the shipping cost in advance .
 Ordered eight , and while packed in a lot of bubble paper , two arrived quite broken . This may not be a best product to order by mail .
 I see a previous review that says it works perfectly on CP1518ni . Unfortunately that 's not my experience . My new HP CP1518ni color laser printer prints fine on regular paper , but on this paper the ink does n't seem to stick . There are large areas where the ink has been wiped off the paper as the paper rolls through the printer mechanism . What 's more , if I subsequently print on regular paper , the next one or two pages have ink on the back side of the paper , which means this paper is probably ruining the printer too .
 It may be just me but , it seems like every `` HP '' product I have ever purchased has given me nothing but problems and this photo paper is about the same . First time I ran it through my laser printer it totally melted to the inside of the imaging drum of the printer and caused a major jam . I told myself I would never buy another `` HP '' product again as long as I live . Hopefully if you decide to buy these you will have better luck than I did .
 This product is named as being ` glossy ' but you should know that laser printers do n't really have that glossy effect that you get with a printed photo out of a booth . I bought this paper to print some of my own pictures but the way a laser printer lays down the toner you always get that matt look . The paper , aside from the printing matt , is n't ` glossy ' in my opinion . It 's shiny-ish and whatever shinyness you call it is on both sides so you could print both sides if you want . But even if i 'd used it with a laser printer it would not be ` glossy ' it is just a little bit shiny and a thick paper . Do n't buy if you 're hoping to print pictures .
 When I tried to print a photo with my Generic/Remanufactured compatible CP2025dn HP toner cartridges , I got a smeared image and had to clean out my printer . Do n't know if this was because of the toner cartridges or the paper . Now I buy only Genuine HP Toner , but have yet to try to print a photo on this paper .
 This is the worst photo paper I have ever purchased . I do not have an HP Laser printer , and the ink was smeared everywhere , even on the back of the following page . For some reason this paper can not hold the ink . Not only did it affect subsequent printings , but I wasted so much ink , and therefore , money . What a crappy product . Horrible quality .
 HP Laser Photo Paper 220g will not work on the HP Color LaserJet CM1312 . The roller smears the ink all over the paper . I thought I might have gotten a bad paper batch , so I returned it to Office Depot and bought it again at another Office Depot . The result was the same . If you buy the HP Brochure Paper 160g , 44 lb . instead , it will work perfectly and is actually the same laser photo paper , but not as stiff . In the beginning I called HP to find out how I could eliminate this problem , they wanted to charge me $ 25.00 to get the answer . I told them to go FKthmslvs and did the research myself .
 Please note , the image in this add IS NOT the packaging for the product you will receive . It is the 200g paper , Q6608A -LRB- many HP printers will only handle up to 170g -RRB- , but the packaging I received did not say ` photo paper ' , rather it says ` brochure paper ' . My first thought was that the vendor sent me the wrong paper ; although the description and product number is correct it is in a different package .
 This item is listed as GLOSSY COLOR LASER PHOTO PAPER but , it is actually semi glossy brochure paper . I was looking for some nice glossy photo paper to print photos from time to time and this does not cut it . Wo n't order this again as I might as well throw it away .
 This paper looks and feels to be good quality , but it did not perform at all with my Samsung 310-series laser printer . The ink variously smudged , lifted , smeared and flat out refused to adhere to the paper . It worked out much better in my Kodak inkjet -LRB- where I have had no issues with any type of paper -RRB- . Apparently this paper was designed only to work with HP ink and printers , so if you are using any laser printer other than an HP , do not invest in this product .
 Tried paper in four different lazer printer on campus and at no time did black stick to paper . I tried contacting seller but no response came . Waste of money and my time .
 I had been very happy with this scale.Then , today , I turned it on and it was reading oddly . I called up customer service , got shunted around a bit , finally got to the right person , who was nice and explained that the behavior meant it was not calibrated . He then went on to say that it could not be calibrated and `` we recommend you buy a new one . '' End of story.This scale is less than two years old and has been very gently used . I 'm not happy with that and will look for a different brand to replace it .
 After only a few months of very light use -LRB- less than once a week -RRB- , this scale essentially quit working . I called the company and they mailed me a replacement , but that unit had exactly the same problem . The scale ostensibly offers the ability to weigh in ounces and grams ; however , the problem I had was that the electronic display showed the letters `` Cal '' and no amount of button-pushing , turning off-and-on , replacing batteries made any difference . These units have gone to The Great Electronics Recycling Bin in the Sky , and I 'm shopping for something RELIABLE .
 I 've used the product about once or twice a week for about 2 years with no complaints . However , I turned it on today , and it will no longer weigh anything . It calibrates and shows the zeroes , but it stays at zero no matter what I put on it . I changed the battery with the same result . I called customer service -LRB- called 2 numbers and spoke to 3 different people to get there -RRB- and was told to get a new one . Like Paul V , end of story !
 While the design of this scale is quite good and it is easy to use , you will need to replace the 9v battery every 2 months . We used our machine 1-2x each business day for 20 seconds each time and made certain to turn it off immediately after each use . Still used a 9v every 2 months . Even if your 9v is rechargeable you will wear it out very quickly as rechargeables are only good for a certain number of charges . In addition , battery installation is very tight and awkward . Do n't waste your money on this machine . Instead get one with a plug ; better yet one that does both -LRB- plug and/or battery -RRB- .
 This scale worked for about a one year at my house measuring weight very precise and true . However , after working for a one full year it just quit . No new batteries or calibration or whatever fixed the problem .
 Bought this a few years back - used it maybe once or twice - now I turned it on and get the CAL error described by others . Very dissapointing . Would not recommend this .
 I used this scale for the past couple of years and had no problems , but now I am having the CAL problem described elsewhere . I tried the taped dime suggested here but that makes no difference . The scale displays the test of the LCD , then CAL . After a little while CAL fades out . This unit sat by itself on a shelf with no mistreatment . I admit that I have n't called the manufacturer , but based on the other comments , I see no need to add to my frustration .
 Arrived quickly from the seller . It was technically was as promised . Unfortunatley , performance was poor . There was a horrible motor whine . Also the recording quality was MUCH worse that my heavily used , and abused 25 dollar portable unit . My transcriptionist , who almost never complains , could not hear me well -LRB- and I dictate clearly -RRB- . Right now , my M-2020 is at Sony . I had to mail it there for service . Very hard to contact vendor . At least Sony seems to be evaluating the unit -LRB- it is under warranty for 90 days -RRB- .
 I 've received these from two , no three , employers and bought one of my own before that , and another over a Thanksgiving weekend when there was nothing else available and also , because they are really inexpensive in comparison to the other transcribers - but , you get what you pay for.I have thrown away a ton of micro-cassettes , thinking they were faulty , before i finally figured out it was the TRANSCRIBER that was awful . Do not buy this and , if you must use this bc your boss gives it to you , buy a Pearlcorder or even a Panasonic , pay for it yourself if your boss wo n't , because it will save you hours and hours of frustration . You could probably use a Dora the Explorer or Barbie Doll tape player to better effect that this trashy Sony , in my opinion.P.S . I gave it one star bc this site wo n't let you give zero or negative stars . . S
 Thought the machine would be more updated . The sound volume is poor quality - I have all the way up to 10 and can at times barely makeout the words being spoken . If I did n't need the machine I would return it for my money back . Had a Lanier Dictaphone Transcriber unit which was A-plus . This was to have replaced that great machine but does not come close . The foot pedals are always moving around and I have to manipulate them all the time to press the pedals .
 I record minutes for a meeting of physicians . This transcription unit is relatively new , and As I rewound the microcassette to review , the tape is barely moving ... Also , the volume is never high even after turning it to highest level of 10 ! Thank goodness , I have a back-up with another small recording device combined with notes of minutes . This TRANSCRIPTION UNIT SUCKS ! Now , I must ask for approval of another transcriber unit - I 'll try the Olympus ! School of Medicine Administrative Assistant
 My boss bought this for me to transcribe medical records . It worked fine for 6 months or so but now you can not hear clearly ; muffled sound and the volume goes up and down . From the beginning when you set the volume high you still could not hear good but has now become unbearable and totally hard to hear . It is not worth the money . You may have to spend more initally for a good machine but in the end you want be wasting the money you spent on this one .
 I 've been transcribing with an Olympus for six years . I needed another machine , so I bought the Sony M-2000 ... not a great product for the money . Even if you have the volume turned all the way up to 10 -LRB- highest -RRB- , you ca n't hear the person very well and there 's a muffled quality , even with the tone on high . I ca n't believe the difference in the quality of sound between the two . I 'm disappointed with the Sony , and I actually bought it because I thought Sony would be better ! Ha !
 Unfortunately , the office needed to replace the prior transcription machine and this is the unit that was bought . No matter what we tried , even with the volume up to 10 , you just can not hear . So , I now have to use my Bose earbuds to do my work . Not really fair for the money spent on the unit . Look elsewhere .
 This transcriber gets the job done , but if you do a HEAVY amount of transcribing , then spend more money and get something better . Even with the volume turned to 10 , I still have difficulty hearing . Just the noise from my keyboard alone when I 'm typing makes it even more difficult to hear . If you work somewhere with a LOT of background noise -LRB- phones ringing , co-workers talking , office machines buzzing away -RRB- , this machine will be VERY frustrating .
 Sony M-2000 Microcassette Transcriber/RecorderI purchased this Transcriber after using a 3M-Harris Transcriber for over 20 years . The Volume is a definite problem . Even with the volume turned all the way up , voices are muffled and very hard to hear . Also , when the foot pedal is activated , there is a loud clicking noise that sometimes overrides what one is trying to transcribe . I have tried numerous headsets in an attempt to get better sound quality and , so far , the best is the headset that came with my Sony Walkman -LRB- Model SRF-M86V -RRB- . However , the sound volume and quality are not perfected with this headset -- but much better than with the headsets I have used that are designed to be used with transcribers . I WILL be shopping for another transcriber -- and will write this one off .
 This is a miserable piece of junk . We had one that did n't work right ; the volume starts out loud , then drifts quickly down to nothing . So we bought another , as this was the only model our supplier carried . The new one is exactly the same . Unless you enjoy frustration , an angry boss and stress from not being able to get the job done , do n't buy this model !
 I was very impressed with how fast the product arrived ! It was basically all set up and ready to go . I was very disappointed with the audio . There were times when the tape sounded so muffled I could n't catch the voice . When I backed it up and replayed it the sound was noticibly better . It was kind of a pain to have to keep rewinding so I could get a fairly clear sound . Do n't have time to return it . Will be looking for a different machine in the near future .
 When I started at my office I used the Sony M-2000 they had here . Since then , that machine died and we 've now gone through 2 more of the same machine -LRB- the compatible foot pedals have also had short lives in our experience -RRB- . It feels like for the past 5 years I 've been either purchasing a new M-2000 or a new foot pedal because they 're rarely working at the same time . As I 've seen in several other reviews , the sound quality is HORRIBLE . With the volume on 10 you need absolute silence to hear the tape . All our machines started out fine , but the volume -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- quickly became a problem . Our last machine did the same thing and at the end would n't read the foot pedal either . We bought 2 new foot pedals thinking it was the pedal that was n't working , but after both of the new pedals failed to work , it looks like the issue is with the M-2000 -LRB- and what good is a transcriber without the pedal !? Without it , it 's just a tape player -RRB- . I 'm now searching for a new transcriber set and will NOT be throwing any more money away on either the M-2000 or the M-2020 models .
 If you want/need to create VPN -LRB- Virtual Private Connection -RRB- and telecommute - do n't buy this router - the feature may not work . It 's briefly mentioned in the router 's manual - but I do n't use the type of VPN connection described there and still do n't get connected . Otherwise online experience is fine . By the way instead of this router a bought one from D-Link and have not had any problems since day one .
 Do not buy this router unless you only need it to work for the next 365 days . I have had 2 of these routers and they both stopped working after a year of service . The Ethernet ports were the first to go , then the voice quality got bad , then the wireless connection went . I 'm a software/network engineer so hopefully you can just take my word for it and the other 1 star reviews . This product is very seductive because it combines VoIP , Wireless and Ethernet Router all in one box but you 're better off getting the best in class of each product . At least Vonage will give me $ 30 towards the purchase of a new phone adapter if I send in my latest paperweight .
 I had this router for ~ 2 years . Thankfully it finally died in a power outage we had . The concept is great and the outside appearance is good as well . The functionality left a lot to be desired.I have used Vonage since 2005 and have been more than happy with them . The service is great and the price is right . This Linksys router would occassionally go out or drop all of the wireless connections when I received a phone call . This was a pain because I have to use a VPN system for my work laptop.I went a different route now and it seems to be more robust . I bought the cheap D-Link hardwired Vonage box and the Linksys WRT54GS wireless router . It adds an additional piece of hardware , but so far it seems to work much better .
 I would rather use Morse code than Vonage.I dont care which router you buy from Vonage , you will certainly regret it . I have had Vonage for about 4 years now and once a year no matter what , your router will go bad and you will have to get on the phone with these people . The customer service could no be any worse . My router stopped working again for about the 5th time since i started the service . Today I was on the phone for more than an hour and the rep told me that if I had any more problems that they would not be able to replace my router again . Please keep in mind that they have never replaced a router for free since the very first year . I have never , never been so frustrated in my life with any other customer service . Not to mention the fact that my phone will be down for about 7 days while I wait for my new equipment . The service is so bad , that the last time this happened I didnt even bother calling customer service until I know I had about 1.5 hrs free to deal with them . Trust me , it is not worth it in my opinion . As soon as I get this new eqipment , i will throw it on ebay and go back to my old hardline service . Even if you see good reviews on here , I can assure you that those people are new to the service and have not had to deal with them on the phone yet . Buyer beware , buy at your own risk .
 I got this router and vonage service for about a year and a half . For the most part , it worked OK - vonage voice quality and the router , except I have problem with the fax and it did n't work with my security monitoring service . But starting a week ago , the router started to lose packets and connection -- and I have to reboot the router every 2 hours or the phone line will not work . I called Vonage and they said the warranty of the router has expired and I 'll have to pay another $ 50 just to get another router/phone adaptor , or I can bid and get one off eBay . I tried Sunrocket before and the sevice is much worse than Vonage -- frequency of drop , voice quality , customer service . I may consider switching back to the landline with AT&T .
 I had Vonage since April , 2006 . I finally switched back to Qwest after unending problems and hours and hours on the phone -LRB- my cell phone , as my Vonage line did n't work -RRB- with tech support . Here is my experience :1 -RRB- It took about 2 months and about 2 hours on the phone for them to switch my existing phone # over to Vonage . Do n't be too excited about getting the first month free - if your moving an existing number it will take about that long to get it switched over .2 -RRB- After my number was finally switched over , outgoing calls were constantly being dropped after about 20-30 seconds . Incoming calls would also be dropped occasionally after about a minute . This resulted in having to call the person back , saying `` sorry the call was dropped - we switched to this cheaper phone service and have been having problems ... `` This is with the highest speed cable internet service available -LRB- 8mbps download , 600kbps upload -RRB- and a wireless ` g ' system which has provided top notch internet service consistently while I had Vonage problems . I spent no less than 4 - 5 calls and over 5 hours on the phone with tech support trying to fix the problem . After talking with tech support , sometimes the problem would be fixed temporarily - while I was on the phone with them - but return shortly thereafter .3 -RRB- As a result of the problems I had , I asked to be credited for the months in which my phone service was not working . Be warned , they are very hard-nosed about providing any credits for poor or no service . I spoke to a tech support person about getting a credit for a month of no service , and he told me to wait until the problem had been fixed so they could determine how much credit should be given . After the problem had been fixed -LRB- temporarily -RRB- , I called back and they told me they could only provide credit for the current month , not previous months of no or poor service . THEY ARE NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY ABOUT PROVIDING REFUNDS FOR POOR OR NO SERVICE .4 -RRB- Finally , in September , still with dropped calls from Vonage , I switched back to Qwest to get reliable phone service . I found customer service there has improved and is much better than Vonage . And they gave me 3 months free promotion for coming back.In the end , I am happy to pay the extra $ 10/month -LRB- after the first 3 months free -RRB- to get phone service that works . I notice that $ 5 of the extra cost is for fees , etc. that the phone company has to charge but Vonage does not , which is unfortunate . In any case , I guess you get what you pay for.One last thing
 I do n't have any problem with phone service . The wireless part of the apater is not upto the standard . . . Stay away from this product like many other suggested . . If i had read these reviews before , i would not have bought this proudct . .
 Vonage service is twice costly compared to Sunrocket . The Linksys WRTP54G failed in just 7 months.Don ' t buy Vonage service . Lot of complications to deal with once you get into trouble with the devices . They do n't have a contract but they charge you $ 40 to cancel service . Now that 's a mental torture.Then they have a distinct entity to cancel services which remains only open for few hours on working days and they promise a credit which does never get reflected on your statement . Then when you call back they say they do n't have notes it . Where 's the value of the word they give.The customer service has sweet sound but they will waste your time by making things complicated , till the point you say why the hell did you get into this one . The opportunity cost of time wasted in dealing with Vonage is too high.Plain and simple do n't get a Vonage Service . Cost of cancelling out may be pay for getting a cheaper and simpler service.Oh , its such a pain !!!!
 May 30 , 2007If you already started the bad Vonage trip , be sure to close out yourdebit card BEFORE you attempt to cancel . They are experienced atgetting there before you can . You 'll open your account and find thoseadd-on surprise fees for cancelling their very bad product/service . PLEASE keep records and file complaints . This is dirty business .
 Believe me , you do not want Vonage service . You will curse your luck that you ever signed up for it . I bought this unit few months ago . The vonage service worked for few days and then unit started giving trouble . It would not work half the time . Then one fine day it stopped working . I still have my land line so I wanted to cancel the Vonage account . I called the account dept several times but nobody would pick up the phone . I waited a total of 7 hours trying to get hold of somebody who would take my call . The only live person I could get to were from technical support who were of no use . On top of all this I was told that there is cancellation fee of $ 40 . I still can not figure out how to cancel my account . Looks like I will have take the vonage account to my grave.SO DO N'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT
 I have had nothing but trouble from Vonage . They take forever to transfer your current number -LRB- I waited 4 months and it never transfered -RRB- while you still have to keep your current phone service . If you cancel in less than a year they charge you 40 dollars . Vonage is not customer friendly . It 's hard to get a hold of their customer service group . Their corporate phone system is unreliable . The operators wo n't let you speak to their superior and they wo n't bend policies to make customers happy .
 Linksys products are no more reliable than any other -LRB- sometimes less so in fact -RRB- . The real problem comes in their customer service -LRB- which is absolutely terrible ! -RRB- which means that if anything DOES go wrong , you 're stuffed.Avoid Linksys products . Eventually , they 'll take the hint and buck their ideas up . If not , well ... there are lots of alternative suppliers .
 I am so disappointed by the performance of this `` LINKSYS CISCO '' , mentioning the name as this name is often taken as a quality name , that i wanted every one else know that please do n't buy this product , i have the following issues :1 . Wireless keeps on droping 15-20 minutes .2 . Ethernet connection is `` DEAD '' after 2-3 days of usage , so have to reboot both the WRTP54G and cable modem .3 . Phone is some times choppy and echo is very common.Please stay away from this WRTP54G and related products .
 I am an engineer and a techy too . I never had problems with electronic devices in my life.For this product not only did I have problem but I had to go back to radio shack and exchange it 3 times . And It still does n't work.Linksys support wo n't help . Vonage support is the worst ever . You talk to a guy who looks through a manual and gives predefined answers for 45 minutes and after transfers you to another guy with the same manual with who you have to start all over again . Not to mention it takes 20 minutes to reach them.Bottom line , this is my 4th copy of the device and it still does n't work . It is in my opinion an obvious software issue but no-one at linksys nor vonage is able to fix it . Their only answer is
 The first Linksys device I bought -LRB- a BEFSR41 , several years ago -RRB- was very good , so I foolishly thought that Linksys was a good name . In recent months , I bought a Linksys WRT54G . It worked great ... when it worked at all . It was so unreliable that I finally had to take it off my network and use a lesser known wifi brand , which worked great . Then I decided to get Vonage . Vonage lists the Linksys WRTP54G as a device they recommend and support , so I thought that maybe Linksys had gotten their act together and fixed the problems in the WRT54G . I was wrong . The wired portion of the device seems to work without problems , but the wireless connectivity is very unreliable . It works great for about 10 or 15 minutes after a power cycle , then drops all connections . What I 'm trying right now is to use only the G connectivity instead of B and G together . Perhaps this will help , but I 'm still so disappointed with Linksys that I can not recommend them at all . They do NOT seem to care about quality anymore .
 I 'm not a network engineer , but have significant experience configuring routers and wireless routers from Linksys , D-Link , ZyXEL , and others.I was not able to get the wireless portion of this router to work properly . With no security , I could connect momentarily but would lose the IP address . My wireless clients could not EVER connect with any security enabled . I spent an hour on the phone with Linksys reconfiguring the router and my wireless clients -- no success.The Linksys customer support person suspected problems with my wireless centrino laptop and remote desktop with wireless , but both machines could connect to over half a dozen unsecured wireless routers in my apartment building with no difficulty.I eventually purchased a new ZyXEL router to plug into a wired port on this Linksys . Out of the box , the ZyXEL wireless worked flawlessly -LRB- like every other wireless router I 've ever used -RRB- . Configured WEP , MAC filtering , and several other features without difficulty.Linksys suggested that the Vonage firmware on my router might be faulty , but Vonage assured me that the most current firmware was downloaded to my router -- this could be confirmed via the web xface . In the end , I purchased an integrated phone adapter , router , and wireless router -LRB- WRTP54G -RRB- but since the wireless does n't work I now have two routers!VERY disappointed in this product and do n't recommend it .
 This is the worst wireless router I 've ever used . I drop connections every 15-20 minutes , and I can NOT get a VPN tunnel to work through it . Luckily I had my old Netgear available so I have it working as my `` real '' router and I just use this device as my Vonage adaptor . PLEASE do yourself a favor and stay away from this device .
 I got his router from vonage and it looks very impressive , nice bright blue lcd lights and four hub ports instead of three on the previous model . I called vonage and activated the router and it worked right away . Calls were clear on my end , until I found out that everyone I talked to could hear an echo . I have Comcast Cable for my internet with at least a 380 k upload speed which is more then enough , and when I do speed tests I average around 3mb down and 340kb upload . I even called myself with my cell phone and sure enough an echo . I looked at my firmware # it is 1.00.37 which it the most current . I even tried hooking up a phone to the second line and taking it off the hook -LRB- having read that this might reduce background noise -RRB- , still an echo . I called vonage and they say that the router and service is working fine in all the reports they can pull , and there is nothing they can do . They did suggest the bandwidth saver function and I did try turning it to a lower setting but it just lowered the sound quality and still had an echo . Beware of an echo!Next I have a web server and an FTP server behind the router . Big mistake ! I have forwarded all of the required ports to the servers and I ca n't get to them from the outside . When I hook up my old router , -LRB- netgear WGT624 -RRB- , my ftp and web pages pull up fine so it has to be the linksys router . I even enabled DMZ hosting and still no change . I called vonage and they told me to use my old router first then go to the phone adapter . What customer service by the way `` do n't fix the problem just use someone else 's product '' . I now ca n't use any of the QoS features that this router is suppose to have.I gave it 2 stars because if all you are using it for is phone and to browse the internet it should work fine -LRB- except for an echo -RRB- , but if you are using the router with any kind of service use another router first and then your linksys router/phone adapter .
 We started using Vonage in Feb. 2006 and we could never get it to work , their tech support would always tell us to unplug the box and we neede a faster internet connection , finally after 4 months of fighting it we went back to our local provider ... then every month we were still getting charged for our Vonage service . Vonage would tell us that they never received the cancellation calls and that we were still using the service -LRB- which was disconnected from our computer -RRB- They lie through their teeth and we still have n't resolved the issue . Do a search on Vonage complaints and you 'll see we are n't the only ones .
 2 words
 If you use a VPN connection to work from home , do n't buy this device . I did thinking it would be nice to upgrade my router , but ended up wasting both time and money trying to make this device work properly . If you have a router that is working just go with the phone adapter . I would hate to total up all the time lost trying to get this to work -LRB- and I am IT savy -RRB- . My stubborness prevented me from crying uncle as early as I should have . So if your considering Vonage or any VoIP service , run do n't walk away from this device .
 I 'm not going to comment on Vonage as a Voip company , but I can speak to two issues :1 -RRB- this router has real problems with the VPN pass-through function , so forget about telecommuting with this one . It works , but often only after 4 or 5 tries2 -RRB- the stability of the wireless connection is poor . I 've had much better experiences with my -LRB- pre-Vonage -RRB- D-Link router .
 I 'm not sure if any of you who have written comments will continue to visit this page . If so , let me thank you for warning me against this product and against Vonage 's service . There is no way that I 'll ever become one of their victims!Now , let me return the favor . There are people that can help you -LRB- you pay their salaries each year in the form of taxes -RRB- . Please contact your state and federal senators to let them know that their constituents are experiencing a problem and would like their help . Also , each state has a representative called the State Attorney General , and those representatives have been extremely helpful to me in year 's past when I had a problem with a company.The reviewer who compared them to car salesman hit the nail on the head -- you were sold a lemon . If you have documented your troubles , and have had those troubles from the onset , you have a valid case against Vonage and should pursue it -LRB- either personally or through the state 's representative -RRB- . A lot of times , these representatives express their concerns about not knowing what their constituents want because no one -LRB- or very few -RRB- ever calls or writes them . With you being the one who does contact them , you are very likely to see a response -- and action .
 Disappointed that I cant install DDWRT , also had the product in a cupboard and I think it possibly overheated , non the less the weird LAN function stopped working reliably , only the Wifi worked . All in all there are defiantly better products out there .
 I moved and my roommate used this router . Its very unreliable and the range is poor . I could n't add a password because it kept locking up when i accessed the router configuration page . I contacted linksys asking for some written troubleshooting help and they responded by giving me a fee based support phone number . I dug out my old WRT54G -LRB- at least 5 years old now -RRB- and now im up and running .
 Everyone else has said it all and with far more tech knowledge . Constant wireless and phone issues . I have had Vonage for 4 years and almost every router dies on me . The WRTP54G has been a problem since day one . Vonage blames the Linksys device and Linksys says it is because of my ISP/Vonage .
 these devices last about 1 year at most . i am on my 2nd one now . i agree with everyone that the regular linksys routers/switches are great , but this one is a doozy . whichever chinese factory manufactured them must have messed up majorly.i feel bad because both linksys and vonage are great companies , but this device does neither of them justice . and they are both to blame.if you are a vonage customer , use something else as a phone adaptor .
 Ugh , I 've been using Vonage for four years now and have had four of this unit and it 's predecessors . The unit will work great for a year and then all of a sudden something will die , never to work again . This time around all four of the ethernet ports died . Last time both phone ports died . I never even used port 2 . When I called Vonage about it the tech tried to switch me from port 1 to port 2 so I could continue to use the router only to find it dead.This time around I 've bought the D-Link . I had hoped that Linksys would get better when Cisco bought them out but apparently that is not to be .
 I have had this about 11/2 years . A couple of weeks ago my phone conversations started getting very staticy . After testing everything else , Vonage advised I replace the adaptor . What a headache . I switched to Vonage to save money , but buying new hardware every 1-2 years negates any savings I 've experienced . Vonage has agreed to credit my account $ 40 . But where can I get a replacement for $ 40 ?
 I have been a Vonage customer for the past 5 months . I have had quality problems with the service and it all seems to be due to the WRTP54G VOIP/Wireless router.Initially , the quality of Vonage service was so poor I considered cancelling and going back to Verizon . I spent alot of time on the phone with Vonage customer support . They upgraded the firmware on the unit which significantly improved the voice quality , and reduced the number of dropped calls . After using it for a few weeks longer . I still had problems with dropped calls and it seems that my Internet connection would slow down significantly unless I powered off and on the unit every 3 days or so.After checking with other users locally I discovered that the problem was with this router . I have heard similar horror stories about poor quality voice and internet performance.I swapped out this unit with a Linksys WRT54G and the standard Vonage adapter . This WORKS GREAT . No dropped calls , Better Voice quality , higher internet speeds . And , I have n't had to reboot the router or the Voice adapter once in over 2 months .
 If you want a crappy product here ya go , this is the definition of it!The phone service was laughable -LRB- such as when someone called when you were talking to someone else it would disconnect you . Sometimes you would sound like Barry White but only like 1 % of the time . I personally found this funny when calling my friends . -RRB- The Wireless is horrendous if you want to anything else than E-mail or IM . Yet the wired speed was n't bad , but neither is my modem ... If you have to buy this router buy it for looks even though it 's kinda ugly.If your looking for a fast wireless hookup with great phone i 'd reccomend the DIR-625 Router and the VTA-VR phone adapter . This combo gives you crystal clear phone calls and amazing wireless gaming capability .
 I do n't write reviews on products very often . I 'm more of a passive observer when it comes to on-line products . But my experience from this device has led me to -LRB- or should I say forced me to -RRB- write this review !!! I 've been a network engineer for 5 years and I 've also been a long time owner of the Linksys BEF11WS4 which proved to be a very worthwhile investment . I also setup Vonage service for my mom 's home and for well over a year been totally satisfied . So when I saw this product , I thought to myself obviously why not get this as it combines the two very satisfying experience I 've had . And so the nightmare begins.I 've had problems from wireless dropouts to the router freezing to the phone port not working . I have no idea who made this but it sure does n't seem like it has the Linksys quality that I 've been used to . Thats where I learned that if you want support for this hardware you have to call Vonage , not Linksys . I do n't know how Linksys/Cisco got their name on this thing but it does n't seem like it is from them . Neither is the quality on par with Linksys nor is the support provided by them . I 've tried upgrading the firmware -LRB- this is sometimes done for you automatically by Vonage -RRB- , I 've upgraded the driver on my laptop 's wireless card , tried dozens of different configurations through the web interface . NOTHING !!! Still get wireless dropouts , router freezes , and headaches to top it off.If you are bent on buying this device please do some research on the web about it . You will find a plethora of information on it from a few websites and you will see my frustration in many others . I kept the router as it seems like Vonage is pushing it very hard from a marketing standpoint so maybe a real fix will be coming soon . But I decided to buy the WRT54G model which from the first few minutes of setting it up I can tell that this is a true quality product from Linksys . One thing I noticed right away is that the WRT54G operates a lot cooler than the WRTP54G . And ofcourse its been solid in its performance so far . If you decide to buy this , good luck , you 'll need it .
 This review is n't intended to forge new ground so much as it is intended to reinforce other reviews.I too am a big fan of Linksys products in general , and the WRT54G -LRB- NOT the WRTP54G -RRB- in particular -LRB- please note that I mention both the WRT54G and the WRTP54G below - they are very different products -RRB- . However , I am extremely disappointed in the WRTP54G/Vonage combination . Why ? -LRB- 1 -RRB- The phone portion of the router - due to issues with Vonage , the router , the router 's firmware -LRB- which was rev 'd to the latest release -RRB- , or some combination of the three - is very problematic . My phone frequently -LRB- essentially every day -RRB- would stop working -LRB- no dial tone and/or others can not hear my voice and/or I can not hear them -RRB- , and the best solution I 've come up with is to install a timer on the outlet to reboot the router every night . This solved most of the problems , but not all of them - and it 's insane to need to reboot the thing daily to get it to work . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The router software is n't up to par with the latest WRT54G releases , and it does n't seem to work consistently in terms of port forwarding . As a result -LRB- and due to -LRB- 3 -RRB- below -RRB- , I 'm using my WRT54G -LRB- my good Linksys product -RRB- as the router and the WRTP54G as just a network device to attach to the phone line . -LRB- 3 -RRB- I bought the WRTP54G and seemed to get decent initial results with Vonage , but , once my home phone number was switched -LRB- i.e. , my local phone company service was disconnected -RRB- and I started using it full time , people I called could not - ever - hear me . After hours on the phone -LRB- fortunately , I have a cell plan with essentially unlimited minutes , as I could n't call from my home phone -RRB- - and I do mean hours -LRB- I think it was four hours altogether -RRB- - I was finally told to put another router between the incoming connection and the WRTP54G . I doubt that the typically user who buys a WRTP54G would tend to have another router handy and be proficient at setting up the two to work together , so I do n't think this was a good general solution , although it seems to have fixed the problem , most of the time.Of course , by the time all the problems showed up - i.e. , once my local service was disconnected - it was too late to return the product.I think Linksys/Cisco should be ashamed to have their name on this product . Since others - including co-workers - are very happy with Vonage , and since , when my setup works , I am happy with the actual service and pricing , I can only assume that the WRTP54G is the primary source of my problems , although , as mentioned elsewhere , you 'd best hope Vonage works for you , as dealing with their customer service was , on each occasion I used it , a nightmare for me.I am an experienced software engineer who develops network management software as well as firewall software . I am very familiar with networking . And I 've had problems with this product . Perhaps I got a bad one , perhaps my ISP causes some of the problems , and perhaps I 've managed to set things up poorly . However , I think it 's more likely that the WRTP54G is a poorly implemented product -LRB- if it were my setup or my ISP , I suspect it would never work , as opposed to working if rebooted daily -RRB- . Regardless , it is certainly true that Vonage customer service - while staffed with friendly workers - is not capable of solving complex problems that can not be fixed by rebooting the router or pushing a new firmware release.I think it would be advisable - and cheaper - to get a network adapter that plugs into your existing home network . While those are n't perfect either , at least you wo n't be paying for a product you ca n't use completely .
 Let me preface the discussion with the fact that I was a network administrator for about 8 years and continuing experience with networking products since transitioning to application development.The following are my experiences with attempting to get the Linksys WRTP54G router to function . I originally purchased it at Best Buy because the rebate program seemed to make it almost a no brainer with the rebates totalling more than the cost of the device.After opening the box : I read the agreement . An item to note is the nearly $ 40 cancelation fee that is charged by Vonage unless you send the router back to Vonage.I read the rebate requirements , which state A WIRELESS router must be sent in , whereas Best Buy stated that any router could be sent in.I read the manual cover to cover before attempting anything.I used the installation software to configure the router , however , the internet could never be reached at the end of the configuration process when using the configuration software.After a lot of trial and error attempting to manually configure the router using the built in administrative web pages , I realized that I could not use the administrative pages unless the router was disconnected from the internet . Every time I connected the WAN/Internet port , I would receive an `` internal communication error '' message when trying to access the administrative pages . This occurred with both a wired and wireless client . I also disabled all firewalls to eliminate all potential points of conflict . Once I got that error on the router , I would have to restart the router to get it to work with the internet again.When trying to configure the wi-fi portion , I was not able to configure the router to disable SSID broadcasting and have a client -LRB- a Linksys WPC54GS -RRB- connect . Whenever the SSID broadcast on the router was disabled , the link lights on both the router and the wireless adapter card would flash extremely rapidly . It seemed as though some sort of flood was occurring . A wired connection would not work at this point either.I called Linksys support . I spoke to an initial call taker , was transferred to a supervisor and was then supposed to get an expert . Instead I sat on hold for an hour . All this on my cell phone since my `` land line '' was supposed to be implemented by this device.I browsed the internet some and saw that some people had been provided updated firware revisions . I was running on 1.00.18 and it appeared that there might be versions as high as 1.00.29 , yet there were no firmware updates available for device on the linksys web site . Currious.I decided I would give Linksys a call again and give them one more chance to resolve the issue . This time , the wait times were shorter but was stil transferred up to a third person . Rather than try to go through a long resolution on a marginal cell phone connection to India , listening to the echo of my voice , I simply asked if there was an updated firmware version I could try to resolve my problem . The tech said that if there was , it could only be provided by Vonage . I explained that I was concerned by the fact that they did not provide firmware for the device that they manufacture and he said . `` It would be easiest to exchange the device for a new one since it is only two days old and should function out of the box . `` Experience has taught me to never purchase equipment where you are unable to obtain firmware from the original manufacturer . Linksys/Cisco have been in business for a long time , I trust that I will be able to get firmware for some time to come . Vonage is a completely new company , if they go away , support for the device goes away . With two companies , it is too easy for the customer to be caught in the middle of finger pointing when there is a problem.My personal opinion is that this device was an endeavor poorly executed by both companies . Either the manufacturer should provide all support for the device , or both companies should provide equal support -LRB- ie . firmware obtainable from either company -RRB- . The product , from my perspective , was also brought to market before it had been adequately tested . All considered , I have no confidence in this product and I am returning both of my wireless products and will research my options more carefully.I am a longtime owner of a Linksys BEFSR41 router that has met my needs well for the past 4 years or so -LRB- it 's been so long I ca n't recall when I specifically started using it -RRB- . This is n't a case of any prior dissatisfaction with Linksys .
 Not much to say here . I bought this and for months had a delay when I answered the phone using Vonage . I 'd say `` Hello ? Hello ? Hello ? '' and after 5-10 seconds someone would answer . At first my friend suggested that my phone was bad!Not only that but when calling out it 'd take 3 seconds to hear a dial tone.I replaced this with the new D-link Vonage Wireless router and the problem was instantly fixed ! Too bad I ca n't return this defective product.Works fine as just a wireless router though . I 've had no problems with using my laptop wirelessly using this device .
 Bought this `` Linksys '' wireless router with Vonage VOIP phone connections . Thought I might sign-up for Vonage later . However , when I tried to download the latest ROM software for this box -LRB- as I do for my other Linksys boxes -RRB- , Linksys tech support told me they only allow Vonage to update the ROM software on this box . I mentioned to them that it claims to be a `` Linksys '' box , they distanced themselves and told me to call Vonage . I told them I am not a Vonage customer , thus Vonage will not upgrade my ROM software . At that point , there was no one taking ownership for this box . I returned it for a full-refund . Linksys gave me an attitude , thus I bought and am now trying my first NETGEAR wireless box , working fine so far .
 Buyers beware ! I have never written or posted a consumer rating in my life . I am so disappointed with Vonage 's overall customer service ; I feel that I have no choice but to warn others.Vonage in its own words does not guarantee the quality of its service . Vonage customers will experience
 I agree with the previous reviewer 's comments that this product is defective . I have yet to have phone calls dropped , but I use my Vonage phone line for a Fax connection and do n't use it as often , however , I 'm very frustruated with the constant dropped ethernet connections . This happens regardless over ethernet cable connections as well as wireless connections .
 I had already been a Vonage subscriber for some time but I wanted the wireless capability . The WRTP54G made my Vonage service go to **** !!! No dialtone for 10 seconds , most calls not connecting , and I 'M A NETWORKING PROFESSIONAL , so trust me . I will be doing my homework better after this experience .
 I bought this phone based on the good reviews posted on Amazon . They sent me a gutted , cheap shell of a phone . I even tried to use just the handset on a different phone , even that did n't work . Very disappointed !
 very poor quality , the receiver is way to light and will not make contact when you hang it up.the phone worked and sounded ok otherwise
 I understand this is a inexpensive phone but it still is n't built very well . What I wanted was to replace a phone from 1960 with another corded phone . This phone just does not even come close to the quality.I 'm too lazy to review this properly . Phone handset does n't weigh enough to look good hung up . Ring sounds lame .
 I needed to replace my kitchen wall phone , which I very rarely use , only if I need a secure line . So when my old AT&T phone died I went to Radio Shack and their prices were too high for what I needed . I saw the Scitec phone and the price seemed like the best I was going to get -LRB- I also had to settle for black -RRB- . Well the old adage , you get what you pay for certainly applies in this case . When I took it out of the box , there was a screw inside the phone floating around . I had to shake the phone for several minutes to remove this errant screw . Then when I was trying to affix it to the wall plate , it never seemed secure . It is a dissapointment but I got free shipping and maybe I 'll get a year or two out of it , then replace it with the better model at radio shack . But there is a bonus , whenever someone ends a call on my cordless phones , the kitchen phone will give one ring !
 The tray does not sit flat and over the last few months has changed increased the angle -LRB- towards the back -RRB- so that it is almost impossible to use . It ca n't be adjusted to and tilts upwards so that you have to prop up the keyboard in the back and the mouse slides right off the back of the mouse tray . There is NO way to adjust the angle and hence is really a waste of money .
 This is a very solid , seemingly well-built keyboard tray . My problem is that the instructions that came with it were horrible . I was able to attach it to our desk without a problem -LRB- as other reviewers suggest , nice template , etc. -RRB- . That 's not the problem . Unless I am missing something , we CAN NOT move the tray down or tilt it as it is supposed to . There is a lever that seems like it should go up and down and back and forth but it does n't move , and I 'm afraid I 'm going to break it . There are no instructions detailing this . There seems to be a diagram on the arm , but it is underneath the rolling mechanism and I ca n't read it without moving it down , so I 'm stuck . Called customer service and they referred me to Waterloo -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- . I got voicemail there . Hoping for a call back , but I 'm not super optimistic .
 Cons : stressful on the wrist
 This product is too bulky and heavy . It does not even mention how heavy it is . Perhaps okay for office but not for home .
 I ended up returning this product -LRB- which the company seems to be doing without a problem -RRB- due to it 's overall size and weight . It is very bulky and not really what I was hoping for .
 This a well-made , sturdy tray ; however , the slide rack was much too long to fit my standard-sized desk . I also found the instructions were seriously inadequate . The biggest problem was the adjustability of the height -- I could never get it down to a comfortable level . This would be a good tray for very large desks and for those who need the tray to be at a higher level , but I do not recommend this for anyone with a U-shaped desk or anyone who likes a tray height that does not stress the shoulders .
 Might have been pleased , but 11/2 months after order and it has n't been sent , I cancelled my order .
 This was my first PDA and I have n't used it for 2 reasons :1 -RRB- I ca n't get my computer to talk to it . Sharp told me a couple of basic things to check - i.e. the com port settings . Since that did n't help me , they told me to contact the PC manufacturer . At this point I have still been unsuccessful . Since I do not want to have to duplicate entries in my computer and PDA , I have not used the PDA .2 -RRB- Even if my computer was importing and exporting the data , I still have to enter every item very painstakingly one at a time . There was a CSV import feature , so I thought I could put things in another application much quicker and then convert it into a CSV format . However , I was told by Sharp that the file import is for CSV files created from their CE491w software only . So , I asked about getting that application and was told that it would n't work on my device.I had seen the high ratings on this product and thought it must be a good choice . I was excited to get it and use it , so I have been very disappointed . I have never used another PDA to compare it to , but at this point , unfortunately , it was not even worth the low price for me .
 We 've had this price gun for a year , and it 's very frustrating to deal with . It jams all the time due to tiny pieces of labels getting caught in the mechanism , and it 's very time-consuming to unscrew the enclosed case to clear out the jam . The labels always get out of alignment . Would recommend you buy something else .
 When I bought this product it was labeled for the 1131 label gun.The product itself is also labeled 1131 , but the roll inside is for the smaller Monarch price guns.I am glad to see amazon act fast to update the picture , and the product information.Also glad Amazon gave me a refund on the day I got it , five minutes later .
 The pocket chart itself it really nice and seems durable . But the cards are a complete waste . First , they are paper thin and without laminating they would not last long . Second , the font for the numbers is horrible and the six 's and nine 's look the same . Not good for teaching little kids ... and Third , the numbers are colored all crazy and confusing and really not needed . I had a pocket chart for my kids at home and the numbers were made on hard board and with good font so I took them into my class .
 Unfortunately , I never received this item and am still trying to find a way to get through to Amazon . I used this item before and loved them . I ordered this item at the end on November and still to this date have not gotten it . Tracking still shows departed Hebron , Ky. .
 I own the base and have 5 additional handsets . Love the concept , but all I have to do is walk 3 rooms over -LRB- 40ft -RRB- and I will start to lose the signal . My proir setup was a Uniden 2.4 ghz system that literally had triple the range . The phone is ideal if you have voice over IP telephone service -LRB- cable modem -RRB- because you do n't need to install additional phone jacks with this type of phone system . However , seeing the phone cuts out approximately 40ft away from the base , I can not recommend this phone . I mean why buy a phone if it cuts out when you walk with it to answer the doorbell ? You 've been warned ...
 I bought five uniden headsets and , less than a year later , three consistently fail -LRB- i.e. , disconnect , immediately run out of power though they 've been charged for hours -RRB- . I 'm really disappointed with these phones and wo n't buy uniden again .
 I have 3 handsets . Two LCD displays are now broken within 4 months since purchase . Uniden will not cover the screens under warranty . They were dropped , but not violently . One fell only from my hand to the table and it still broke.Pick another phone from another manufacturer .
 I refused delivery of some Office Depot shelves which were the wrong size . The delivery man said `` No problem , '' and immediately took them away on the Office Depot truck.Inspite of this , Office Depot charged me for the shelves on my MasterCard . I 've had numerous contacts with Office Depot through both e-mail and customer service reps attempting to clear this up . Each time they say I 'm right , that I should not be charged , and they promise to refund my MasterCard account . This has never happened . Today 's Office Depot service rep insisted they have already refunded the MasterCard account more than a week ago . My MasterCard records , both online and discussed today with one of MasterCard 's phone consultants , show this never happened . Truly a nightmare experience , and not yet over .
 When they say remnant , they mean it . Do n't waste your money on this , it 's not even good enough for ANY craft project . Very disappointed .
 These `` mat frames '' are so thin I doubt that I will use them . I did n't send them back because I did n't want to waste any more money
 Waste of money . Mats were so thin that they ripped when trying to separate them . Extremely disappointed with quality . I would return the product if I did n't have to go to through the shipping hassle .
 First I wish I had read the reviews for this product before I purchased as I would not have made the purchase . Secondly the description of the mats contains so little information that you think you are getting a great deal with the number of mats and the different sizes . They failed to say the mats come in sheets and you punch them out - the only one that can be used for 5 X 7 is an oval mat - then you move on to huge rectangle size mats - I can not even use them for the project I am working on - was a waste of my money and I agree - why return and pay additional $ $ $
 Im afraid these mats were n't mats at all ... They are Five sheets of paper board with perforation cut outs of Several sizes . there is no way I would display my art or pics with these . I gave them to my children 's school to use for something . It was probably no fault of Pacon I should have read the description better , No angle cut , no board ... well paperboard with chads from the perforations.Sorry Im not happy at all with these .
 Super thin ... These are sheets of thin poster board that has been punched into the sizes . They tear easy and a waste of money .
 Its 2.4 Ghz from the phone to the base !!! it will disrupt your wireless equipment . Its simply a blunt lie . look for panasonic if you want true 5.8 .
 In fairness these are an old product not supported by Vtech anymore . I wanted to extend the life of an old phone system with some replacements . I was able to return the one that would not work at all but by the time I realized the other ca n't answer , I had thrown the box away so ca n't return .
 After reading the Amazon customer reviews and ignoring Consumer Reports , I learned my lesson . This phone sounds even worse than my last one if that is possible . The voice quality is terrible and I have had to hang up on several callers because I could n't understand what they were saying . The answering machine recordings sound like they 're under water AND in a cave at the same time !!! How very sad to have wasted money on this product .
 I spend 75 % of my time in front of my computer so I needed a solid footrest . Bought this one after comparing many models . It worked well at first - but the cheap plastic started cracking - and the lever is actually not that easy to manipulate . Ugh .
 My husband and I both bought one Eldon Height-Adjustable Tilting Footrest for our offices . We were delighted at first , because it did seem to relieve back pain and adjust our sitting positions . However , a few months later , two piece of plastic which change positions snapped off on his footrest . I thought he was not gentle enough . Not long after that , mine broke too , just when I needed it most -LRB- pregnant women have achy back ! -RRB- I swear I was very gentle , and with my husband 's experience , I was trying to be extra careful with it . Oh well . I will need to get another one . This time , I will buy one with metal support .
 I liked this footrest , but my experience was similar to other reviews . The plastic underneath cracked after a few months and i had to find something to prop it up to stay in place
 I had this footrest at work -LRB- got it for free -RRB- and honestly I never used it after about a week . The platform itself feels pretty wobbly -LRB- although the base is stable -RRB- . Adjusting it is also kind of difficult . The little ribs on the top feel nice on your bare feet . But with shoes , maybe a flat platform would feel nicer . I 'm 5 ' 9 and 200 lbs . I have shorter legs though -LRB- inseam 30 '' -RRB- so this product was recommended for me given my desk height . I feel the platform was very thin . So if you are a guy who likes to sit with a little space in between your legs for well . . male reasons . This is n't that great of a footrest . Sadly I can not recommend this product . It looks nice , but what it 's made for . Just does n't do the job very well . ~ G
 battery life sucked , got other peoples calls , sound quality sucked , could call from caller id log which would have been nice
 I got the unit without the answering system . The spec sheet clearly states that the handset emits 2.4 ghz . This is fraud and it is unacceptable . I just got a panasonic 5.8 . Their products are TRUE 5.8 both ways . The spec sheet confirms this .
 They need to be wrapped better because most of my order came damaged , then when I reordered 1/2 of them were damaged again . The ones that came were okay and are being used for their intended purpose but the way they were boxed was disappointing .
 Beware you are NOT getting desk trays . . just a couple of sticks that I threw right into the trash -LRB- supposedly the sticks are desk tray SUPPORTS -RRB- . . The picture is deceptive , and this product should never appear when I search for Desk trays/paper trays , since it is not a tray , just a little stick !!! I did find a really nice set of 6 paper trays from Amazon I really liked , and I 'm getting more . . but I felt I needed to write a review for this scam/deceptive product .
 Ok , I 'm an idiot . I read the description , but not carefully enough.This product is not the two trays pictured , but the four supports that hold the two trays that you presumably already have apart so that they can be stacked . I did not notice this.I 'm sure that the supports are fine -- just be sure that that is what you wanted .
 Like several other reviewers , I looked and the picture and thought I was getting stackable trays . When I got the shipment it turned out to be just the little connectors - useless . To use these you will need to purchase the trays separately . Although this was my mistake , hopefully this review can highlight this discrepancy to prevent others from the same fate .
 Love the color and size . It 's not a hard plastic , somewhat flexible . And , because it is a soft plastic , it must scratch easily , because it arrived with scratches on the outside as if it had been stacked in another one without anything in between . So mine is hiding , not for display . Too bad .
 I was disappointed in this product , and I have returned it back to the store . The brush tip end of the marker is not truly a brush tip , it 's a fine marker tip . It 's not flexible like a brush tip , it is slightly , barely noticeably softer in the very tip of the nib , but I would n't call that a brush tip . The other end is an ultra fine tip , a little on the dry side , but if you get a set that works , it will be good for small colouring spaces or detail work . The markers have a streaky lay-down , and that 's the second reason I returned them . It did n't matter whether I coloured a small space or a large space , you can see the streaks normally associated with cheap markers . The hues in this set are pastel , so expect to see very , very light colours on your page , which is good if that is what you are looking for . If you want something bolder , you would need to go with the primary colours set . And finally , the last reason I returned them , is the bleed-through . For such pale and somewhat dry markers , they sure bleed a lot through the back of the page . Maybe they are better for stamps , but I was n't happy with using them in my colouring books .
 Just bought a set of these and was very excited to give them a try for zentangling but the fine point end does not work . It writes almost like the ink has dried up and its very scratchy looking . I tried several different ones , held them to the paper to see if that would get the ink flowing and I shook them . No use . Going to return them because I want the brush and fine point tips .
 How the hell do you open it up to add more staples ? unclear to me ... I 'm ready to throw it against the wall ...
 It only staples upt o 15-20 sheets at a time . And very often it staples two staples at once . I bought another stapler .
 This was a gift and I was embarrassed when my husband opened it with the top piece the only thing in the box . . I ordered this months ago as a small Christmas gift for my husband &#8217; s desk and now can not return because my time has expired .
 There were no nails and no manual . I 'm not sure if its supposed to come with nails but i tried to put it together and the legs are very loose so i assume nails are needed ! very disappointed . Also the product wasnt packaged properly and when i got it some of the edges were broken !
 If you are looking for the wooden letter tray , this is not it . While it does n't say in the description -- this one is plastic . You are probably looking for ASIN #B 00006IALZ -- `` Eldon -LRB- R -RRB- Expressions -LRB- TM -RRB- Wood Letter Tray , Mahogany . ''
 This is a cheap lightweight imitation of the Rolodex product , and appears to have nothing to do with Rolodex.If you have ever handled the genuine product when you order this one then you will be , like myself , disappointed when you recieve this item.For the record , on the bottom of the plastic molding of this item the name `` Newell Office Products , Inc. . Maddison , WI 53716 '' and `` Made in China '' . This is consistent with and reinforces the evidence that this has nothing to do with `` Rolodex '' . The only connection is that it is an obvious copy of the original Rolodex.This is misrepresentation.Rolodex Image Paper Clip Dispenser -LRB- 15891 -RRB-
 I 'm an engineer in the construction industry . We print 11x17 all the time . I would like to buy about 10 of these but that would cost me $ 250 ... They need to make a cheaper version that does n't hold so many papers ... it only needs to be about 1 inch high not 3 or 4 . I have tried making my own , but I do n't have very good saws ... I have looked all over , but could not find anything ...
 Disappointed because it would not fit in my file drawer without extending the files too high . You need to give the dimensions .
 This is a very badly written description as it show 's eight items yet in the actual description only mentions the hanging file rack which is one of the eight items pictured , if the company selling this or someone that has already bought this could contact me and let me know what actually comes in this sale , does one get all eight items or just the file hanging rack.I would order this IF I knew what I would get but this entire listing is too misleading and there is no way I can see to contact the seller to enquire as to what I would actually get which is why I am asking in a review .
 The cartridges that I received do not contain the color ink I expected , nor is the packaging as pictured . I received `` Serenity Blue '' erasable ink -LRB- Waterman -RRB- rather than the standard blue Waterman ink that is indicated in the photo . I 've returned the product to TCP Global and hope to receive a full refund , although there was an additional cost to me to return the cartridges .
 These looked much better in the picture . Not only did they only send me ONE bookend instead of TWO , but they were much less elegant than in photo and just looked very cheap in my opinion.NEXT : /
 I needed a desk organizer that I could place in my desk drawer . This seemed to be what I was seeking . However , when I got , the thing was HUGE ! There was no way it could fit in my desk drawer , let alone any desk drawer . It was wide and extremely deep . I could n't imagine anyone would want it on their desk , as it would take up so much space . I returned it ASAP .
 it is poorly stained one side is darker then the other.i am not a big fan but it will do
 This item arrived broken first of all . The paint seemed like it only had one coat it had spots of natural wood peeking through . It looked cheap compared to picture and compared to another one I have purchased in the past . This looks like a knock off type of item . I sent it back immediately for a refund .
 While I do n't want to ding the actual product by taking away stars I am . The waste basket itself is actually what I was expecting . However the darn thing was crumpled so badly by rediculously poor packaging that it looked like it was ready to be tossed into another waste basket . It 's much worse than just a dent like some people experienced . There is barely a smooth surface on the thing . If not for that it would easily be five stars
 When I received this wastebasket , it was somewhat warped . The mesh is very thin , and easily dents . It serves it 's purpose .
 This is not a business card Rolodex . It is just a standard Rolodex . I returned the first one I got thinking Amazon had sent the wrong item -LRB- a first for me -RRB- . When I received exactly the same thing as a replacement , I read the reviews -LRB- something I frankly never do -RRB- and discovered that others found out before me that this is not a business card Rolodex .
 Not Sturdy unless you screw it in to the wall.Putting one ream of paper on either top shelves causes whole rack to lean.May be OK for a few papers on each shelf but nothing more unless you fasten the shelf to something .
 Length :
 I ordered 2 units . Amazon only had 1 unit so the second was from one of the external vendors fulfilled by Amazon . Nice looking but both units were defective . On each , the front left joint had not been glued . I surmise that both must have come from the same manufacturing run where some glue machine had not been refilled . So be careful . Amazon prime provided easy return and refund .
 I 'm disappointed after I got it . not a good quality , scratches everywhere . Very light . Not as solid as we see from the picture .
 Cheap product . Lightweight , cheap boxwood , uneven finish inside the tray , cheaply glued . Literally fell apart during shipping and arrived in pieces ; -LRB- the box was completely undamaged -RRB- . Lighter in color than it appears in the pictures . Dollar store quality .
 If you are trying to match the Rolodex Wood Tones Mahogany set - this does NOT match . The wood looks a bit cheap , not very shiny and has a few marks .
 To anyone who is trying to match this to the Rolodex Wood Tones Mahogany set - this does NOT match ! It is a more yellowish brown color , not mahogany at all , and does not look like the picture at all .
 Item was very flimsy when arrived and after 4 small letters were put in it , it broke into 3 pieces .
 I have bought this because i needed an organizer for my mail . It is small and suited my needs . It is not well put together . The front piece was loose and finally came off . I was able to fix it by nailing it back together . It is more sturdier now .
 When the item was stated as being mahogany and with the photo of it , I expected it to be finished better . It is mahogany and has been stained , but does not have a smooth clear coat on it . This makes it look kind of cheap .
 I purchased this item and it was in multiple pieces upon opening the box . It was very low quality and does not look nearly as nice as the picture . Even if it was n't basically shattered during delivery , I would have returned this item .
 The Roladex Sorter looks nice , but having used it < a month , it has one major design flaw that ruins the product.There are 4 upright separators , 3/8 inch thick , attached to a substantial flat wood base 1/2 inch thick ... 1 each on the back and front , and 2 in the middle -LRB- the spaces between are the 3 compartments you see in the photo -RRB- . The 2 separators in the middle are securely screwed from bottom . The separator on the front is securely glued to the face of the 1/2 inch base.The design flaw is the tallest rear separator stands upright on the base , attached by 2 glued dowels , and is weak and wobbly . It should have either been attached more securely with a much stronger glue , or cut 1/2 inch taller so it could be secured by screws to the back of the 1/2 inch base.Soon , this rear separator will be so wobbly I will be forced to repair it by either re-gluing it , or re-engineering it by attaching it with 4 or 5 small screws into the back of the base -LRB- which will shorten it by 1/2 inch -RRB- . I should n't have to do this ... nor should you .
 This sorter looks ok , but it is very flimsy . I 'd only recommend this if you are looking to , e.g. , sort envelopes . If you want to put file folders or anything bigger in it , the dividers flex and I expect will crack or break any time now .
 If you are trying to match the Rolodex Wood Tones Mahogany set - this does NOT match . The wood looks a bit cheap , not very shiny and has a few marks .
 Not very attractive on desk . Poorly built and not very useful . the printed grain only kind of resembles mahogany ... kind of . Built my own with spare hardwood I had in the shop . Much better .
 Not sure how I was tricked into this but I was specifically looking for a nice leather surface , not a plastic type cheapo looking product . Iwill not be using it .
 I bought this about a month ago . I have my laptop on this and the laptop 's heat warps it in 2 places . It is not very attractive anymore ... I also expected a tougher surface . It is more like construction paper with a thin foam backing .
 Product is fine - I mean it 's a plastic box that you attach to the wall.But , why , why , why , do companies have to put these sticky labels on their products that take an hour to get off ! Scraping and washing , scraping and washing , then a trip to the store to get goo gone.There are labels that come off easily . Why do n't they use that kind of adhesive ?
 I ordered two file folder hangers and I was sent two different file hanging folders . They looked like they were the same manufacturer , but one must have been manufactured differently than the other . I also had one of them damaged during shipping . It remains to be seem what the company will do about it .
 I have had the previous version of this desk pad for at least 10 years but recently it had begun showing its age and so I wanted to replace it . I ordered what I thought to be the identical product based on the image , the logo and the brand . Boy , o boy - have times changed!What I received today has absolutely nothing in common with the original desk pad . The new pad 's black surface is made out of a thin and rather smooth plastic , whereas the original had been made from a thick rubbery material that had good grip on both sides , making it ideal to place photographs etc. underneath the overlay . The same goes for the overlay itself which is much thinner and substantially more lightweight than the older model.But the absolute worst is how the overlay had already separated at the top edge from most of the pad when I received it . To separate it completely took no more effort than it takes to remove a PostIt note from a sheet of paper , I could not believe it . In contrast , my 10-year old pad still has the overlay securely -LRB- ! -RRB- attached to the pad - I tried to separate them just for heck of it but they stayed firmly connected.My advice
 I used to use one of these desk mats at an old job 10 years ago and it held up great . The adhesive used to hold together the top clear sheet and the bottom mat stopped working within a week of receipt of this item . So now the top sheet is always misaligned with the mat . This is really annoying and does not serve the purpose of protecting the papers and photos that you have put under the sheet .
 Bought this exact pad from Staples , seeing as how it was about the same price and did not have to pay for shipping . It slips all over the desk surface , wo n't stay put , and the see through panel on top fell apart after only one week . Like another reviewer , I had had one of these years ago that held up quite well but now it is too poorly made to consider recommending .
 The item was a very cheap one . One flaw to it was that it was kind of bent .
 This item is way over priced I bought from AMAZON.COM not as described NOT clear would not recommend very unhappy with purchase . I needed a bigger mat but did n't have the right size took a chance but Wrong wanted CLEAR it 's like it 's frosted or something if you want a clear mat PASS THIS ONE UP JUST KEEP LOOKING . I was looking for a mat when I got this one still looking sad to say . OH well it will do till I find the right mat just so SORRY wasted the money they could have been put better use. : - -LRB-
 We ordered this desk pad to be used on a wooden desk . The pad came today , and we immediately noticed a manufacturing defect along the length edges -LRB- all scuffed up -RRB- , but more importantly we noticed a small sticker in the corner that read
 Actual dimensions of 19.75 in x 34.75 in are not even close to advertised 20 x 36 . This replaced a desk pad I 've had for over 15 years , which had turned yellow and bubbly . The new pad is about half as thick as my original pad . It also has marks all along each of the long edges of the pad - not exactly `` perfectly clear '' . I 'd return it , but I do n't want to hassle with it . It 'll be functional and serve its purpose . If you need better than `` fair '' quality , look elsewhere .
 I had this for a year now to protect a $ 2k + executive desk that I splurged on for my home office . It still looks very good , but I have started to notice some worrisome bubbles on the surface of my desk , which look like a reaction from the wood varnish with the chemicals of the plastic cover . I have tried to nicely wipe the desk a few times , but these tiny bubbles wo n't go away . I noticed that it is worse where my hands and arms usually rest and apply pressure through the cover.At this point , I might as well leave that cover on forever since the roughness of the wood underneath is both unpleasant to the touch and the eye , and I do n't have an alternative yet . It has relatively stabilized over the past few months , so I 'll just monitor it every month or so.Also , this cover sheet has an annoying tendency to curb along the edges , so every few weeks or so , I have to gently curb it back the other way to make it lay flat.I ca n't comment on other protective sheets , but I hope there are better products out there for long term usage.UPDATE
 The package claims that the size is 20 x 36 , but this is very far from the reality . You get about 183/4 x 341/2 . Another thing is that it 's very slippery . It slides off the desk , and everything you put on it , also slides very easily . Not good - not recommending to anyone . Try Desktex - I got one and am very happy with it . Unfortunatelly , I already cut Artistic to size before I got Desktex , otherwise I would have returned it and order Desktex .
 this is a 20 dollar peice of plastic , u know like that plastic that comes on a roll -LSB- in the fabric dept. -RSB- at wal-mart , thats all it is , do not buy it 's useless .
 The package claims that the size is 19 x 24 , but this is very far from the reality . You get about 173/4 x 221/2 . Another thing is that it 's very slippery . It slides off the desk , and everything you put on it , also slides very easily . Not good - not recommending to anyone . Try Desktex - I got one and am very happy with it . Unfortunatelly , I already cut Artistic to size before I got Desktex , otherwise I would have returned it and order Desktex .
 On my desk , using a $ 50 Microsoft optical mouse , this product rendered it unusable . I must * cover * this thin plastic sheet in order to restore mouse function , and that from a mouse I can use on literally anything I cared to previously.This product is a thin scrim of clear plastic stamped from a giant roll of the stuff , nothing more . It probably has a manufacturer 's cost under $ 0.25 , not including the flamboyant packaging . It has no properties whatsoever that make it unique to desk blotter work . I thought I 'd try one before getting a pair . I will not buy a second . Poor value .
 Just received , there is a small sticker on the product that says `` Avoid use on wood with lacquer , acrylic , or urethane finishes as material may mar surface . '' I wish I 'd seen that info in the online product description ! I 'm not sure how much of that is CYA , but I 'm too nervous to try on my wood desk . Product is very clear and otherwise appealing , has a soft somewhat tacky finish -- I suppose that is why you should n't use it to protect your wood desk .
 I purchased two of their mats , but in burgandy -LRB- LT67 burgandy -RRB- . I purchased them four years ago . They worked fine until one day I tried to move them to clean as I had done before and found they were stuck to the tops of my L shaped wood desk . The black foam backing appears to have eaten into the desk finish and much of it could not be removed . Where I was able to remove the black foam the finish underneath was a rough as sandpaper . I called their customer service and was told to send pictures and the receipt , which I did . They never responded . I kept calling until they said there was nothing they would do about the problem . I finally wrote to their head office and never received a reply . I purchased these to protect my new desk and instead they ruined the top of the desk .
 I ordered this for my daughter who is moving home to finish college and needs a nice desktop . This item was a colossal disappointment . Picture the type of mousepad businesses have given away for years as promo items ; rigid thin plastic surface and cheap foam backing . Then picture it bigger and gray . You get the picture . This item is worth maybe ten bucks , not the thirty four bucks I paid . Shame on Amazon ! Was n't even the size advertised . Returned it same day .
 The surface of this pad was perfect for what we needed . The foam backing was not . After about two months , I noticed this black powder on my desk . I could n't firgure out where it had come from until I lifted up the pad and found that the foam was disintegrating off of the pad . It took a fair amount of elbow grease to clean the foam debris off of our wooden desktop . I have since purchased a leather pad with a felt backing .
 I bought three of these for my new home office . When delivered I could see that two of them were bent . The pads each came is their paper package which was then in a cardboard delivery package . The product is flimsy and is easily damaged in such a delivery package . One of the pads had a corner so folded that it there was a tear in it . Another one had three folds in it that did n't look like they would ever look good on a desk . The third one was not damaged , but I sent all three back because they were not sturdy . I recommend that you consider some other product unless you can see them in a store -LRB- and like what you see -RRB- and buy them in mint condition .
 This product needs to be packaged much better than it was . When it arrived , it was filled with dust and sand . Had to spend a good bit of time cleaning it .
 I have an erasing machine just like this one that is over 10 years old and still working fine -- nothing like it . Ordered two more but the chuck size is different and will not hold the eraser in place . The eraser either flies out or slides back into the machine . I wrapped a rubber band around the chuck to see if this will work . I know of no other eraser still available that is plug in and as powerful as this one so I am reluctant to return . I have the rechargeable version but it does n't hold a charge long enough -- I sometimes work for several hours at a time . If the rubber bands work I will stock up and if not , I need to return.Bummer !
 We bought one of these for work as we do quite a bit of erasing . We had an older model from this company for quite a very long time and finally the motor was wearing out and we needed to replace it . This one lasted only 3 months at most . The motor still runs , but the eraser tip has become disconnected from the motor rendering it useless . Find a different eraser than this , it 's not worth the price .
 I 've owned one of these for 15 years plus , but finally needed to replace mine as the cord was wearing out . In that time they 've changed from a metal tip to plastic , although the picture still shows metal . I recently dropped it off of the plan table , and three out of the four prongs broke off , rendering it useless .
 I work for Michigan State University and purchased this eraser to erase marks from historic aerial imagery . The eraser was basically useless . The chuck that holds the eraser did not work right out of the box . We modified it by adding a rubber band so that it would hold the eraser in place . In the first day , the eraser quit working and was very temperamental . Also , the eraser sends chunks of eraser particles flying all over the workspace . Overall , the eraser is useless .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00006IAOS Staedtler 527-00 Electric Erasing Machine , 10 ft. Cord , Hanging Hook , Erasers.Plastic chuck sucks ... have had mine for just months , dropped it , need to buy a new one now ... total POS , as I 'd say ! DO N'T buy it ! Waste of $ 65 ! Going to EBay , there are some old Brunings , all metal , also newer Koh-I-Noors on bid ... some are in very acceptable shape !
 This eraser broke after just a couple of time using it . The tip is very thin plastic instead of metal like my old one , it snapped off when putting eraser in . Also the ereaser would n't stay in place the plastic ring slips down and eraser falls out while using . I would never purchase this again , it 's alot of money for it to break so soon .
 Speaker Phone very tinny.Sending it back because of poor quality of Speaker phone.I 'd pass .
 Usually the combination of `` Avery '' and `` MS Word '' mean you will have fairly smooth sailing when printing labels , but these 3/4 '' round Avery labels are an exception :1 -RRB- The labels are NOT on an 8.5 X 11 Sheet . They are on a sheet about the size of a postcard . Therefore you should be sure that they will feed into your printer before purchasing . If I had known this ahead of time I would have purchased these 8.5 X 11 labels instead : OfficeSmart 108 UP 3/4 Diameter .75 inch Avery 5408 Compatible Circle Round White Labels Stickers - 50 Sheets . It 's just one less thing to worry about .2 -RRB- As a side note , my copy of Word 2003 with SP3 did not have the correct template -LRB- box says to use 5472 template -RRB- . I tried to download the Avery Wizard for MS Office from their site , but it was 94MB in size . Why ?? Instead I found a better option . You can send an email to ` templates@averydennison.com' with the product number of you labels in the subject line -LRB- in this case 5408 -RRB- , and Avery will send you a Word document by return mail formatted for the labels . It works!I may be being a bit harsh here with 2 stars , but it 's because these labels are not laid out on an 8.5 X 11 sheet . Labels are tricky enough without complicating things with odd size paper types . They jammed up in my HP 7000 series multifunction printer quite badly . ; <
 I bought these for kiss stickers for my wedding . The sheet stuck in our HP photo smart printer . I lost about 200 labels out of 2000 . I ended up having to print them one by one and peel the border stickers off . It was a huge pain and I would not use them again for printing .
 I have tried to print ONE image correctly on these using the Avery Online Wizard and have ruined 10 sheets so far . I have a MAC and have tried every way , calibrated and would get it almost right , but the labels must be off just a touch because I could not repeat the same run . I was hoping to use these for some Hershey Kiss bottoms for a party , but I do n't like it to not look centered and the labels are not exactly lining up the same on each sheet which makes the process maddening . Hoping to find a more reliable .75 inch round .
 I bought these stickers for Hershey 's kisses - which they are great for . BUT I was counting on being able to use the Avery templates that they have on their website to print the designs on the stickers . Do n't count on this working b/c it does n't . At least I could n't get it to work which made the stickers useless . I found centering the design on the template in Word to be impossible.If you are counting on doing this save yourself some/a lot of frustration and time and purchase a full sticker sheet of solid media and get a 3/4 '' circle punch . Same effect and much easier . I think we are just going to go without the stickers on the candy .
 The screws to hold the lead and metal point in place are round screws in a round hole rather then locking screws . As a result they can not be tightened and do not work . Essentially less then useless .
 This tape will do the job just like any other , but Scotch tape is the best . I recommend this product .
 very very tiny tape . . totally unusable.what a crap it is.I get it and found it so small then immediately throw it into dustbin .
 The tape itself is fine , but at over $ 6 , I would expect more total material . In fact , I was able to find this same 3-pack in stores for 1/2 the price .
 The tape does not cut easily on the edge of the dispenser . It stretches if you pulls it to one side , often folds over on itself and I 've learned the only way to cut it easily is to use a much monger piece then is often necessary . A total head ache to use so I 'm going back regular old tape and throwing this in the trash .
 very small amount of tape , target has the same stuff for about $ 1 each . I would be happy to order again if there was more tape or a lower price .
 Maybe it 's just me , but when I 'm wrapping paper , every finger is engaged in holding things down or in place . I bought this `` gift wrap '' tape because I thought it would be better than regular tape . It may have a satin finish , but man , was it hard to unroll and cut off the dispenser . Forget about using a couple fingers , I had to use BOTH hands in order for me to be able to rip the amount I needed off on the cutter . I do n't know if they made the tape thicker or more adhesive , but I wo n't be buying it again . The satin finish was n't worth the frustration for me .
 It is very hard to hear the other party 's voice since the volume is simply too low .
 This Sony phone , like most of the other models they make , works fine but the sound quality is `` flat '' and as a result long conversations tend to be difficult . I find the ergonomics -LRB- e.g. , no lighted buttons , feel of the buttons , design of the headset -RRB- of Sony phones to be a notch or two below AT&T and Panasonic which is surprising because most of their other products are generally pretty good . As a phone in a room where you will not use it too much this is ok , but I 'd suggest looking elsewhere for your primary phone .
 I purchased this based on a recommendation that this would help my daughter improver her spelling . I found that this device was too much of a gimmick and would n't really help her very much.It is slow and limited . It is not very interactive for the user . Some of the things that this device can do are somewhat pointless -LRB- like flashcards , and the speaking feature -RRB- . For the price , I 'm sure there is better software for a PC out there than buying this stand-alone device.One feature that might have been nice to have on this would be for the device to say a word and the child have to spell it.We 've decided that spending 20 minutes of interactive time , one-on-one , with our daughter to help her improve her spelling is the BEST remedy .
 I purchased these for use in my car , but struggled to get past the installation phase . Namely , the adhesive was reluctant to separate from the fasteners and more often than not , the adhesive came off entirely on the liner . You may be better off super gluing the fastener , liner and all , to the intended surface . Your fingers will thank you .
 Do not buy these . Can not remove the liner at all . I gave up after a half hour . Im not old , and have my eye sight . My wife couldnt even manage with her long nails .
 I did n't really think about which fastener to buy when I was at the store but I wish I had . These look easy , but as stated by the other two reviewers , getting off the little fastners is next to impossible . After spending about half an hour trying to get off the fasteners something someone said on here got me to realize how to do it.So this is how you do it . You 'll get two types the velcrow and the kind that stick to the velcrow . Do not try to peel off the back laminate like I was , it wont come off . Instead peel off each individual black thing . You 'll have to peel hard and some of the adhesive will probably come off.The `` engineers '' -LRB- I use that term loosely -RRB- who made this could have perhaps tested this on a sample audience
 I just bought these without reading any reviews first -LRB- big mistake -RRB- . They are impossible to get off of the plastic mounting . I was so frustrated that I came on Amazon to see what other people thought and sure enough , other reviewers said the same thing . It looks like other Scotch fastener products are reviewed well , but stay away from this specific type !
 I 'm extremely disappointed with this phone . When I first purchased it it had all the capabilities I was looking for . I only had two problems with the phone but the second one was a killer.The first problem was that I had to select which line I was going to use rather than have a switch that defaulted to my preferred line . I use the phone mostly for business and wanted to use line 2 but it defaulted to line 1 . Switching the incoming lines did n't work so I was stuck pushing the line button every time I wanted to make a call.The second problem was that the phone quit working on line 2 about 14 months after I purchased it , 2 months after the warranty expired . I 've used it for about a week as a one line phone but that just quit also.All in all I 'm very disappointed with a product from a premier company such as Sony that failed to last much past the warranty .
 I bought this phone because it offered Caller ID and two-line conferencing . In my experience , neither feature works well.All too often , but not every time , the Caller ID information is replaced on the next ring with the word `` ringing '' -LRB- not terribly useful information -RRB- before I 've had a chance to comprehend it . I 've had to resort to placing a Caller ID box next to the phone.When using the conferencing feature , I 've found that while I can hear the two outside parties just fine , they can barely hear each other . Conference calls are so filled with `` can you repeat that '' that I 've had to abandon them entirely with this phone .
 The Caller ID information is replaced on the next ring with the word `` ringing ''
 Have had this phone now for 5 years it replaced a Panasonic phone I had that was a single line unit . Got it because I had 1 line for my computer & another line for my phone/fax use and needed business phone that could handle conferencing , being on hold & redialing busy # 's plus it had CallerID on both lines with a shuttle jog circular wheel to jog between many calls . Phone design was cool but I noticed it did NOT have a battery backup for when the power went out . ALL of its features were powered by the small electric transformer . Resulting with phone NOT working when power went out & all Caller ID functions lost when power out also . -LRB- if you live in a rural/suburban area ; this is NOT a good feature ; as power outages are much more frequent here -RRB- Phone worked ok for warranty period only , -LRB- 2 years -RRB- then after that period ; speakerphone would n't work correctly - phone volume on speakerphone would fuctuate up & down when utilizing this feature . You end up having to pick up the receiver to talk EVERYTIME !! No longer a hands free operation if speakerphone not working correctly . Phone conferencing feature would n't work correctly either . Then people always complained when you talk hands-free that you are talking out of the ` bottom of a hole ' because Mic only has one hole on phone to capture your voice . Not exactly what I expected from SONY . Lastly phone in its 4th year has developed NOISE which sounds like bad grounding hum when I utilize this phone on my telephone network . I have 4 other phones 2 Uniden & 2 Motorola & 1 Radio shack Neon phone . Noneof them give me this hum ; which renders the phone unusable for me during business hours . Time for this Sony to find a new home ! To think I paid $ 150 for this product makes me feel a bit sick . As a former owner of a beta HiFi VCR I feel they ` got over ' on me again with one of their hi-priced ; but slow to deliver quality that is currently associated with the Sony name . Now I see why Sony eventually got out of the phone business !! Their product quality is not long lasting at all , the price you pay for the product does not seem to last as long as the warranty . NOT RECOMMENDED only worth 1/2 a star !
 I have had the phone for some time and two different times I could not get it to work on touch dialing . I had to go to palse dialing to make it work than the speed buttons do not work . What go is to have expensive phone if it does not work
 THe columns are small to label the assignments . I would not get this produce again . I would have like more room
 the boxes are too big and not enough pages for my needs , with a class of 30 students , i need to have multiple pages and columns . unfortunately , there are insufficient columns and rows
 Horrible product - followed instruction and refilled stamp pad - a complete mess - took about 100 stamps until print was legible - DO NOT BUY .
 We occasionally use this stamp in our office -LRB- maybe a total of 50-100 stamps -RRB- , and the stamp has already dried up and used all the ink it came with . It just seems like we could have found a more reliable , better self-inking stamp if we had spent a little more .
 This item is extremely SLOW and I have to run it through 3 times sometimes four to five before it laminates , and thats when the light is ready and the rollers are hot .
 It does n't laminate well at all , I can send an item through four times and it still as areas that are n't sealed . I ca n't believe what a massive waste of time and money this machine is .
 i agree with the other review . we have burned out 2 in a little over 6 months . .
 It 's a very simple to use laminator . All you have to do is turn it on and wait for the red light , indicating that it has reached the appropriate temperature . Once you put something in , it 'll come out laminated , but do n't expect a quality lamination . You get exactly what you pay for.The main problem is that this laminator simply is n't hot enough . It will seal papers inside the lamination , but it wo n't be a solid bond . Expect laminations to peel off at the edges , or even peel completely off after a short period of time . This is fine if you plan on laminating something and letting it sit there , but if it 's going to be handled even the slightest bit , it 's very likely that you 'll have to re-laminate eventually.Also , the heat is n't consistent once you place it through the laminator . I 've had occasional laminations where I put it in and , halfway through , the red light will turn off , indicating that the temperature is below the necessary level . This results in one half being bonded correctly , while the other half is n't . If I re-laminate it , the bonded half tends to fade in color , and the previously un-bonded half looks fine . This is n't very appealing.If you look closely on all the laminations , you 'll see that even if the paper comes out completely laminated , the inconsistent temperature has a major effect on the look of the final lamination . It 's noticeable that as the paper is fed through , the laminator becomes less hot . You 'll end up with a gradient looking product where the top is more faded than the bottom due to it losing heat as the paper is fed through.I ended up putting this in the closet and investing in a quality $ 150 laminator and it made a significant difference . I have none of the problems listed above , especially the strength of the lamination . I can subject my laminations to the worst of abuses and it simply wo n't un-bond . I suppose it may come in handy if my main laminator stops working and I need to use something quickly , but I really do n't recommend this at all .
 From the picture shown and that 9 X 111/2 '' envelopes where said to be for this machine I thought that it was a full size , not a card size . I have n't used it . I hate to return things so I will live with my mistake .
 This is a very nice looking sign , but the white letters they send along are to small and do n't stay in the grooves . I had to super glue in each letter so they would stay in place once I hang it up .
 This sign was in a window that faces the morning sun . Within one month the colors had faded and the letters started falling out . It was returned for a full refund . I was very satisfied with the service I received when I had to return it .
 Okay , making bound documents for the kid 's school projects at home is good and so this thing is good for home use but it is NOT good for any sort of commercial use.I bought it to use in my classroom and it is essentially useless . If you punch more than two sheets of paper at a time , it breaks . In fact , the first time I used it the stupid thing broke and I had to return it for a new one . As a system , it works but just barely . There have got to be better quality systems out there ... this one is cheap , plastic junk . Do n't buy it .
 I was going to buy one of these machines , but fortunately it was n't in stock at the time . I really like the way it looks -- better than comb binding . So , I bought one of their kits . You can manually make two documents with 50 prepunched pages , covers & spines . I played with the plastic spines and found that they pop open easily , and they can also break if you bend them while manually placing the paper on the rings.I 'm not really happy with the way the comb binding looks , but it 's a tried & true system , with lots of supplies available , including the capability of printing the title on the comb . Guess I 'll comb bind my book or have it printed & bound somewhere .
 This device worked wonderfully -LRB- I was able to create books out of pdf ebooks I own -RRB- , but then around the 300th page the slider broke off from the internal metal hole punchers . I 'm going to go into my garage and get a screwdriver and see if I can fix this . But this is a very flimsy , shoddily-made product . I had a strict rule of never punching more than 5 pages at a time , so I certainly was n't abusing the product .
 In short , you 'll not get a square cut , let alone a straight line , out of this paper cutter.Pros :1 . Nice and heavy so it remains completely stable during use .2 . Lots of easy-to-see lines for measuring .3 . Looks expensive.Cons :1 . Cuts are just awful.To try it out after I set it up , I grabbed 4 sheets of regular ol' paper -LRB- like you put in your printer -RRB- . I backed it up against the blade and the guide on the back , made sure the paper showed lined up in every direction -LRB- lots of lines make that possible -RRB- . I held the paper in place with my left hand spread out and pressed down on the 4 sheets of paper , and I pulled the blade handle down while -LRB- in accordance with the little sign on the cutter , pushing firmly to the left on the handle.The result ? Half way through the 8 inch cut , it began creating a fuzzy edge which terminated in torn corners of every sheet . I compared each sheet to the next . Obviously none were straight , but not one sheet was the same as the next . And YES I had the handle pressed firmly to the left.I tried it with one sheet of paper . Only slightly better . I tried it with a sheet of cold press watercolor paper . No improvement . I tried it with two sheets of nice , thick Copic Sketch Book paper , and it was absolutely the worst . Even though the paper was small enough for me to keep both sheets in place with my left hand , the paper began bunching up . The cuts left in the paper had nothing much to do with &#34; a straight line &#34; . I tried smooth Bristol . Actually , I thought my first cut was straight , so I cut a second strip to the same measurement . Ha ! Neither of the two strips was squared on any corner , and each was different.In case you think the problem was a blade adjustment , I can hear the evenness of the steel blade as I push the handle firmly to insure the blade and the steel guide are connecting.Had to send it back . Going to try a Premier this time . I 'll let you know .
 I purchased this cutter because of past experience with these cutters . What a mistake that was . I am a photographer and I do a lot print cutting after the print has been mounted on very thin two sided adhesive . I must have made a 100 test cuts with the adhesive on test prints . Not one and say again , not one print would come out square after the cut . There was always one side that was off . I ended up purchasing a `` Premier '' 12 '' cutter and it works perfectly with the adhesive on the back of the print.If you are just cutting paper or photos I 'm sure that the Swingline would have been OK . I have also tried a roller photo cutter and they are fantastic , but by introducing the adhesive , it would gum up the cutter guide bar and it had to be cleaned . This took to much time for the cleaning process.Thanks to Amazon 's great return policy , this cutter was returned and exchanged for the Premier cutter . Hope this helps with the type of cutter you may need .
 I had to remove the built-in ruler , and using a square , I had to re-position this ruler so that it was actually `` square '' to the cutting blade . What good was this product if it did not cut square ? Swingline must be outsourcing like much of America 's Companies . What a shame too . Swingline use to be the very best you could buy . Not anymore ! Keep searching ...
 Our typical document sizes are 20-200 pages with small runs -LRB- we use spiral rather than pro-click bindings for large documents -RRB- , at relatively low frequency , so we could n't justify spending thousands of dollars for a professional hole punch machine.This device is rated at 12 pages , frequently we have to cut that to 5 because sheets do n't feed easily into the punch area . So you insert , if they do n't go all the way in -LRB- you can feel the page margins bending -RRB- , you pull out and slide in fewer pages , and shake the sheets a bit until they seat properly . It 's very time consuming . I think there may be small shreds of paper at the punch holes that new sheets get caught on , or the hole punch surface area is uneven.Once the paper is in , it punches fairly cleanly , but pushing down on the handle feels like you 're squashing a sack of potatoes , and the lever does n't always travel the same distance , occasionally making peculiar cracking noises . Not a functional issue , just thought you 'd like to know.Finally , this is a device that is designed specifically to put holes evenly along an edge of paper . But there are no longitudinal paper guides . So whether it 's 8.5 x11 or any other size , you 're never quite sure if the sheets are all the way in and whether they 're in straight . Over the course of using this thing , we 've probably thrown a full ream of paper into the trash because the holes were punched at an angle or on the edge altogether -LRB- leaving a toothy line of half-moons on the edge -RRB- . So then it 's back to printing extra sheets , or even rebinding the document if you did n't notice the misalignment right away.The binding tool mounted on the top is marginally useful . Our device arrived with a bent slide on the top , so you can set up the comb and insert sheets , but we have to squeeze the comb closed by hand -LRB- which works just fine . -RRB- Perhaps others will find the slider-thingy more useful.I 'd rate the entire contraption a `` one '' but , to be fair , it DOES work and it 's reasonably durable and well manufactured -LRB- albeit with a quirky design -RRB- . And the finished pro-click product looks very good.My next purchase will probalby be a different brand of punch with same hole pattern .
 I bought this laminator because it says it did 7mil laminations , which is what I was looking for . It does not handle 7 mil at all . I had to put the 7 mil through the laminator over 30 times to get it to remotely work and then it was bubbled and ruined my item I was laminating , which was on thin paper . I returned it and tried another one . I got the same restults . I tried using 5 mil and still had to put it through a couple times before working . I would not pay the money to get this unless you were only using 3 mil and did n't mind the chances of haivng to put it through a couple times . I ended up returning it all together and now am stuck with a whole package of 7 mil laminating sheets that I ca n't use , since I had to use a couple to test the laminator .
 I bought this because my bedroom door does not latch and I wanted to use it to keep the door from being pushed open by my cats while I 'm trying to sleep . This does not grip my hard wood floors . My cat can still push the door open .
 I live in a new condo building in a city . I have a heavy/heavy-duty and self-closing metal door that opens into the kitchen , which has large tile flooring . This doorstop is not working too well ... easily slides on the tile . It does n't help that the door self-closes either , pushing against it the entire time . I am disappointed in this purchase . I wish the rubber were grippier , but it 's rather hard -LRB- well , harder than I thought it 'd be at least -RRB- and so slides easily .
 This does not work on tile surfaces ; there is no grip on the bottom.Haven ' t tried using it on any other surface , but I would imagine it will work on carpet .
 The product arrived nicely packed , however the brackets that hold the picture were not sturdy and would move down the leg of easel . One of the brackets broke when trying to keep them from moving . Would not recommend this product .
 These are cheap . The plastic supports snap with the slightest bit of pressure ... ended up having to tape my displays to them . Not a quality product
 Very unstable . Unable to hold a small chalk board . I would not recommend to others to purchase . Very poor quality .
 True to the description , this product does set up very easily . However , to call the resulting tripod an easel is misrepresentation . It lacks any of the stabilizing features of standard easels . There is no cross-bar , that joins the forward two legs of easels and supports the canvas or display card , nor is there any chain or other separation limiter connecting the third leg to the front legs . The unit as delivered collapsed when burdened with an art piece weighing less than three pounds .
 Understanding that it was a lower quality stand , I bought this item because I wanted a stand for my white board but I did n't want to spend the money for a really nice one . So I knew it was n't going to be an amazing product from the start.Bottom Line : Do not waste your money even if you are looking for a cheap solution . This will just be a waste of money . The individual pieces fit together poorly -LRB- oversized and undersized -RRB- making it extremely unlevel . It is a product that is of lower quality than you are already thinking it is .
 Plusses : * Box only 1 ' 4 '' long , extremely compact * Puts itself together like a robot spider in 3 seconds -LRB- ! -RRB- -LRB- fun to watch ! -RRB- * Full 64 '' tall * Plastic 2 '' toggle-arms slide up/down then lock into place to adjust height that display is supported atMinuses : * The plastic snaps on the support toggle-arms are made of a weak , hard vinyl-like plastic that does not lock well . Light foam core or a single piece of cardboard should be OK . However , even a full-sized 2.5 ' Post-it notepad is just barely too heavy for the support arms , causing the snap to not lock properly and sag . This results in the support-arm quietly slipping down the tripod leg . The snaps have to be engineered to extremely tight tolerances for them to work well without binding during adjustment but catch while holding on after snapped . If the plastic shrinks after cooling , the tolerance gets lost . Needs better material engineering or some kind of rubber on the snaps to hold them in place . * I 'm concerned about the fraying on the bungee cords rubbing against the raw metal ends of the tubes . Cords showed fraying and tube ends showed rust even after one month of usage . I guess the elastic cords might not last two or three years . * Always the same height . No telescoping . No tray . No clip at top.Overall
 The easel is sturdy and a good platform for a whiteboard in situations where you do n't want to attach it to a wall.However , this item seriously failed the `` erase '' test . Only dry-erase markers were ever used and the only fluids used to clean the board were water and `` White Board Cleaner '' -LRB- from Sanford -RRB- . In spite of this , the board is new useless because most of the surface is covered with writing that only partially erases . And we 're not talking about slight `` ghosting '' , but clearly visible marks and legible text.I tried talking to the company -LRB- Boone -RRB- to get some satisfaction , but got nowhere .
 CONS - This paper cutter can only cut 4 or 5 pages at a time . Any more than that and the cut gets tougher , uneven and sometimes sloppy . It does not have a rear guard to keep papers flush . One must use the left hand to hold papers in place while using right hand to lower cutting arm . Cutting arm does not spring up . It must be raised manually.PROS - Sturdy plastic , lightweightIf I had to replace this , I would try a different Paper Cutter .
 Nowhere in the listing -LRB- 15 x 22.5 '' base -RRB- does it make clear the important fact that this cutter will only handle paper up to 12 '' x 15 '' in size . I do n't care what the base size is - I needed to know what paper size it would handle . So now I 've ordered this for 11x17 and an important deadline and it wo n't work - grrr ... so now I get to return it .
 Unfortunately , the base is not very stable , and you can only use the magnetic letters that go with it . Very limiting .
 I tried to cut one photo , and it even can not make a straight cut , the blade is simply dull and can not cut a neat edge of photo .
 this trimmer is no good , do n't buy it . it does n't cut 10 sheet of paper as they said , it only cuts 2 if you 're lucky , you can do the same with a 10 dollar paper trimmer . do n't over pay for this one .
 I liked this product initially , but the first time I used it to cut multiple sheets -LRB- no more than ten -RRB- , a little 1/16 '' piece of the blade broke off and now it 's unusable . I bought theDahle Model 533 Professional 12 Inch Guillotine Paper Cutterinstead and it makes the Swingline look like a toy .
 Does n't cut straight especially in last quarter of the cut . The blade is sharp but the arm seems slightly curved .
 This paper cutter appears to be solid and good quality , however it does a poor job of cutting paper . I 've done some lamination work and bought this cutter to trim the edges of the plastic . The plastic folds down and I ended up using a pair of scissors . Paper cutting was not better . I would not recommend buying this product unless you are going to use it for cutting several layers of paper/materials .
 I purchased this trimmer for personal , light duty use in a school setting . The trimmer cuts nicely , but the problem was with one of the feet , which fell off and disappeared a few weeks after I received the trimmer . I had to shim the bottom to use the trimmer without it rocking back and forth . I contacted Swingline/Acco and simply asked them to send me a replacement foot . Their response was that they do not have these parts available , and the rep suggested that I go to a hardware or home improvement store and buy some `` bump-its '' or levelling things . I was appalled that they expected me to spend more money fixing their defective product . Since the foot fell off after Amazon 's return window had expired , I now have to eat the cost of returning the trimmer . Buyer beware of this one .
 This item arrived in a timely fashion , however , it was defective and/or poorly designed.It did not cut the promised items with ease . The blade was defective , -LRB- a small nick on the surface -RRB- . The calibration , and/or measurement alignment was off so that the paper , 65 lb . drawing paper could only be cut3-4 sheets at time , and still ended up marred and uneven.Additionally , the `` no skid '' foam pads on the base popped off within the first week.I was not satisfied with the return procedure as well . The amazon website would notrespond to its prompts ... therefore not allowing me to complete an exchange request , which I was willing to try.It kept directing me to submit credit card info but would not advance to the following step where I could submit that information . I attempted several times on different computers . Same problem.I gave up a went for the refund option . Again , the website was not responding properly and would notallow the selection process for a pre-paid mailing lable , even though the distributor was Amazon.The transaction would only complete when I chose the self paid return , which states that they will reimbursefor a specific amount , when the cost of shipping the damaged item was twice that amount ; so of course one would choose the pre-paid mailing lable if one COULD!Finally , it 's been a week since I shipped it back and no word on my account as to whether or not the return item had arrived.I really needed this item for work related reasons , and going through the disappointment , damaged paper , anduntimely B.S. to return this item was not worth the loss of time or headache.Thanks for that !
 Is this a 15-Sheet Paper Trimmer or a Printer?The Product Description is : A color printer that ensures maximum productivity , cost efficiency and control for your demanding printing needs The high resolution and powerful laser engine delivers professional results quickly . Its digital management and enhanced image processing means that your hues and tones maintain consistency . Auto Media Detect reduces paper selection errors and waste , and an optional duplexer is available for double-sided printing . Network-ready ; supports the most common protocols via its Ethernet interface . Printer Type
 It 's ok if you want to trim off some excess . But you have to hold the paper very still or the blade will pull it toward the end of the cut . There is no guide , so cutting multiple pieces can be time consuming.I 'm really disappointed in that if I cut a sheet in half and truly want to use both pieces , it partially bends the piece of paper to the right of the blade . I do n't like that at all .
 I needed to replace a paper cutter which lasted 25 + years . I should have read the three star review which mention it does n't cut straight . This is a nice looking and heavy made paper cutter . My first problem was it 's top heavy , when you lift the cutting arm it the whole paper cutter tips back . So you have to hold the front bed of the paper cutter down as you lift the arm . Ok but it does cut so no deal breaker . After using for a few days I notice it was n't cutting square . I stuck a metal square on it and the top edge where you place the edge of the paper against is n't even straight . The top edge has a bow in it at the 2 inch mark . Placing the metal square its off 3/16 of an inch across the 12 '' top edge . Another poorly made in China to Swingline specifications piece of of junk . . No quality control . Returning right now . .
 This was a huge waste of money . Regardless of if the paper is sitting flush against the top straight edge , the paper cuts unevenly -LRB- at a slant -RRB- with the bottom portion longer than the top .
 I am both a teacher and scrapbooker , and have used many cutters in my time . This cutter has a terrible setup ! Instead of inches marked throughout , it has cm for the top quarter of the cutter , then inches begin . It makes it difficult to line anything up for straight cuts . Also , The arm of the cutter is a little too far from the base . If you are n't careful , it has the tendency to bend cardstock on the edges when you cut it . I 'm currently trying to return mine , and would not recommend it for others .
 I purchased this to replace a cheaper plastic trimmer where the blade went dull after 6 months . Based on the reviews and brand I had high hopes for this trimmer but it 's a pretty big disappointment . I used it to trim photos and I 've found that the photo paper tends to move away from the blade as its cutting . This means a border-less photo ends up with some white that should n't be there and you have to shave more off the edge to get rid of it . On my first day using this thing right out of the box I cut 10 photos and this problem occurred 9 times . I 've never had this type of problem with a trimmer before and never had this happen once with the cheap plastic one that I replaced . The blade seems plenty sharp -- it 's able to shave off a small amount from the edge when I recut to get rid of the unwanted white but I should n't have to cut the same edge more than once in the first place . There 's some sort of design flaw with this thing , possibly involving the safety bar which keeps your fingers so far away from the blade that there 's too much give when the paper is being cut . If you 're using this for office functions it might be OK but if you 're going to buy it to trim photos I would think twice . Some people might think this must be a high quality product since it includes a 10 year warranty . Think again . That warranty EXCLUDES THE BLADE , which , realistically , is probably the only part of the trimmer that you would ever need the warranty for . I guess if the base spontaneously cracks you 're covered but otherwise the warranty is basically a worthless marketing ploy.Added 02/18
 The assembly at the top of the cutter was not straight , forcing me to try and hold the paper still with my hand while using the printed guides . Also , the blade did not cut the full 15 '' . About 13.5 '' into the cut and it started to bend and mangle the paper . Maybe I got a bad one , but I 'm not trying another one to find out . For the record I was cutting single sheets of photo paper -- Canson Baryta Photographique . Perhaps the 15 '' blade would be more effective on thinner paper , but that 's not why I needed a cutter.Two stars because the thing actually cuts very nicely -- just not square to the brace or the full 15 inches . Obviously I sent mine back .
 What could there be about a rubber door stop that would n't work ? Well , the thin end of this one is too thick to go under some doors . Without at least a bit of it already underneath the door , the door will just push it out of the way because it 's not wedged under the door . Actually , the picture shows that it is thick , but I did n't pay enough attention before ordering . At $ 9 , I will probably return it . I bought it for use when traveling for added security at night , but I 'm afraid the door clearances will be too small for this door stop to be useable with the door closed . If you have enough clearance to get it started under the door -LRB- open or closed -RRB- , it would probably work fine . It seems to be heavy rubber .
 No matter what 's its intention , to recycle paper and make the planet a better place for human inhabitancy , or else , the paper should be adequate to write or jot upon with ordinary inks . But this DayMinder wo n't take Parker Quink Ink or Mont Blanc Ink or any ink I have tried , except ball pen 's . Ink smears and wets through pages . This is a disgrace . Amazon should decline to carry this kind of substandard item .
 The front cover was hole punched incorrectly . when I took the item out of the shipping box , the cover was already halfway off . The pages and back cover were appropriately attached , but the front cover was hanging on by four holes and was ready to fall of at any minute.Because I frequently order through Amazon , I did n't even have to return the item . I was able to keep it - not sure how to use it , but at least I did n't have to go through annoying returns process or hit up the post office this time of year.Very poor product but great Amazon experience .
 The paper was of poor quality and pages were torn . It would n't have lasted a year . I returned it and that was a hassel .
 This repeater kept dropping from the network . I was using it in a businesses application and finally just removed it b/c it was more of a hassle than a help to have to keep re-setting my equipment . Think twice before using it . I recommend Apple express instead
 * This is not AMAZON 'S fault , complain to TI @ 800-TI-CARES -LRB- ya right -RRB- If you are in grade school thru Algebra I , this calculator is overkill . If you are in Pre-Calc or beyond this calculator is WITHOUT VALUE of any sort . TI informed retailers that the nSpire has the ability to perform Variable Algebraic and Calculus problems . That is a lie . It WILL perform a `` Numeric Derivative '' as if that would be helpful to anyone who can find a tangent to a point . TI has failed to differentiate between this model and the similar CAS model . Further scandalous activity is the fact that the CAS model is not likely to be admitted to standardized tests , but you WO N'T FIND test approval on the same comparison showing the differences between the CAS and the base nSpire .
 I give this calculator two stars because it has a lot of functionality . It is mostly a time sink and a source of frustration.Pros :1 . This is a capable machine . It can do a lot . Much more than I ever want a calculator to do , actually .2 . Hi-res screen . The high resolution is nice.Cons :1 . The keyboard is terrible . The keyboard on TI 's earlier calculators were bad , and this one is actually worse . TI needs to take a lesson from HP on how to make keys that do n't wobble around and that provide some decent tactile feedback . The keys , all of them , are squishy and wobbly . The extra crowding by the letter keys makes it incredibly difficult to type anything , numbers or letters , without hitting the wrong key . It is a constant source of frustration as well as a waste of time .2 . The learning curve it too high . If I use this in class , I will need to take considerable time -LRB- a few days -RRB- just teaching the students how to use it . This is time that then can not be spent teaching math and physics . Which should I teach my students , Newton 's Laws of Motion , or how to click `` Menu ... Action ... Pointer ... `` 3 . Doing simple tasks is now difficult . Turn it on , wait for the operating system to load , then click Home , then 1 : calculator , then Enter , and then you can finally type 2 +2 and get an answer .4 . The screen , while it is hi-res , is not all that easy to read . It gets a good bit of glare .5 . My students do n't like it . With the TI-83 , I would at least get a lot of `` Oh , that 's cool '' comments when a nice graph would appear . When one of my poor students finally accomplishes a task on the nSpire , there is instead a sense of relief that they finally got it do what they were trying to do . This calculator is not enjoyable to use .6 . The calculator is bulky . Even the TI-83 was pretty large for carrying around , and this one is even larger.I 'm sticking with the TI-83 for now , and considering switching to HP.If you want to do any real work in physics or engineering , go with HP . They are still the gold standard of calculators .
 I just bought this for my son since he needed a TI-84 figuring he could start with that keypad and grow into the Nspire keypad . Once I got it home , I discovered that in order to back up data entered in TI-84 mode , you need to purchase a separate cable . The USB cable that comes with it will only work properly with the Nspire keypad . The handbook tells you you need to back up TI-84 data before updating the OS or you 'll lose it and also tells you that you need a different cable to back up TI-84 data . However , that cable was not in the package and when I called to ask about it , I was told it was n't included but could be ordered . I made enough noise that they 're sending me one for free but I should n't have had to do that . Then , when I requested an email confirmation that they were sending me a cable for free in case I did n't receive it , the rep told me she was n't trained to do that . What kind of company does n't send email confirmations ?? They advertise the fact that it can be used as a TI-84 , they should provide the cable to backup the data . I would only buy this if I already had a TI-84 at home since you can use the same cable .
 I bought this for my son and it just stopped working about 121/2 weeks after purchase . Now he needs a new one for AP CALC . iT IS NO LONGER COVERED UNDER WARRANTY
 While the nspire mode is quite impressive , I found the display very hard to read .
 Product was n't functioning properly so i send it back but didnt get refund for 2 months of hassles until amazon refunded me my money back .
 Although I did not buy this calculator from Amazon , I regret buying it at all . The calculator is pointless for modern Calculus classes because there is no CAS functionality . The calculator itself works fine , but their computer software is beyond stupidity . The accessibility is so moronic and unresponsive , every time I upgrade the operating system , it takes me 1 + days to work the connectivity software . To add insult to injury , Texas Instruments , in their bumbling arrogance , deleted the connectivity software from their website . For people who lose the CD , like me , finding the software necessary is like researching a college paper . When I finally find the program necessary , it refuses to work . I know this is not my computer because I consider myself at least computer literate and I bought my computer a month ago , so I know it has all the latest whatnot . The support also takes forever to respond . IF YOU BUY THIS CALCULATOR , DO NOT EXPECT ANY SUPPORT OR HELP FOR A WEEK FROM TI . I know TI calculators have become a standard in education , but this does not excuse their arrogance and neglect towards support of the customers who are supporting them .
 My trust TI-84 was lost the other day and I needed a graphing calculator for Calculus -LRB- I 'll be going through about 4 semesters of Calc -RRB- . Since TI was showing the Nspire as the secessor to the TI84 I figured I 'd take the plunge and see if it did the job better . Big mistake . Instead of going into a rant I 'll be fair and show what TI did right and what they did wrong.The good ... - Large higher res screen . - You can display multipul things on the screen at once . - Comes with a TI-84 keyboard that literally turns it into a TI-84 . Useful for tests that do n't allow the nspire and if your instructor is using the 84 . - WYSIWYG , basically you do n't have to memorize calculator syntax . - Runs faster than previous calculatorsThe bad ... - Larger than previous TI calculators - In order to see the screen clearly it must be either very birght or you must look almost directly down at it . - Virtually no programming support , so unlike previous TI graphing calcs you wo n't be able to add functionality via 3rd party apps unless TI fixes this . - Complicates simple problems . Problems that were simple to do on the TI-84 are much harder . - Intstead of the 2nd key , those functions are seperate buttons raised above the normal keys . These green buttons always get in the way when you 're entering problems . They should have stuck the the 2nd key fintionality . - Under it 's new skin the funtionality is the same as the TI-84 - Since it looks like a PDA it makes instructors nervous that you 're cheating on tests . - The cover is too tight , they designed it so that the cover pushes into the raised keys scratching the inside of the cover and I have a feeling it will break off the keys before long . - Take a long time to load after switching out the keypads . - Not every TI-84 app works with the TI-84 keypad/mode . Overall it the internal hardware is a huge improvement , it holds a lot of potential . Unfortunatly between the poorly designed keypad and software , it falls flat . Stick with the TI-84 for now . Maybe the Nspire 2 will get it right .
 The TI calculators and in particular the NSPIRE are terrible . The NSPIRE has a supposedly advanced interface but it is clumsy , cumbersome , non-intuitive . I find my self reaching for a reference manual on every effort with this . Furthermore there are NO useful manuals or texts for actually using this calculator for actual work rather than as an educational tool of some sort . I have doubts as to it 's utility for that considering how arcane the GUI is . Common functions like delete a tab window is buried way down under tools , I constantly forget how to close out unneeded windows .
 I received it this afternoon , but it is not in the original package which shown in the product description pictures . It is a used one ?
 This calculator ... wait , we ca n't call it that ... its now a handheld -LRB- whatever -RRB- , is a good idea but makes no sense . If you have a cell phone you know what hand held technology can do and this expensive device does very little . Its not in color , the batteries last maybe a day , and the key pad is awkward at best . You would be better off buying an iphone and using it to connect to websites that do pretty much the same things that this device does . The ideas are great and the interactivity is really nice but for the price you should get a lot more these days and TI does n't really seem interested in supporting its devices and only wants your money .
 Kay , I know my review is going to be seen as a bit harsh , and to be fair it IS but ... this calculator cost me about $ 180 and for all of it 's capabilities and their utility to me . I may as well have bought a $ 40-60 , or used my computer.I am in a hard statistics class , and an equally difficult engineering class . One day I had discovered that I had lost the TI-92 I had bought years ago in high-school . I loved my TI-92 and it had proven useful well into college . I bought this because I had thought it was the most advanced calculator that TI had offered , and I had a test that day and NEEDED something to use to check my math . I expected it to have all of the functionality of my TI-92 at the very minimum.I was happy to discover that I no longer needed to use the TI-92 's unnatural grammar to perform integrals , and sigma additions . -LRB- With all of the , separating clauses -RRB- Then I attempted to do a definite intigral between two numbers , and hit enter . `` Unsupported on this calculator . Buy TI-nspire CAS `` I cussed , then I flipped through the options , and chose indefinite intigral , figuring I could calculate it myself . `` Unsupported on this calculator `` I threw the calculator down on my desk with enough force to draw the attention of the TA who was giving the test . Honestly , the durability of the thing surprised me , it did not break.After a quick explanation as to the source of my behavior , the TA decided , fortunately , NOT to throw me out of the test . I continued the test , solving the integrals by hand , unlike any other student in the test , who were all equipped with the ` class recommended ' TI-89 . I ran out of time with a third of the questions unsolved.I 'd return it , but the box is opened , and I do n't have the receipt.Thanks TI ! Thanks to you I only scored 61.2 % on a test that I could have probably gotten about 90 % on had I had a proper calculator that could do everything your more primitive models could do ! Maybe you should include the fact that it 's been bricked/crippled in the packaging PLEASE?DO NOT USE THIS if you need integral support !
 The price you have listed is for a dozen , not just one . This sells everywhere for $ 6 and I got stuck paying the shipping on something I could have bought up the street . My fault for trusting the pricing . I really was expecting a little different . Now , of course , it 's obvious to me and I just feel stupid .
 Purchased this product a little over a year ago and it worked well . Just over a year after the install the system began dropping calls and then started to turn itself off . I wo n't go through the list of things we did to try and fix the problem , but needless to say none of them worked . Tech support for this product is terrible . The company is now part of Fortinet and while they may support their new products , they have abandoned support of the old talkswitch line of products . I would stay away from this phone system .
 I purchased a Talkswitch 48CVA unit many years ago similar to this one only with VOIP enabled -LRB- using an ad-on card -RRB- -LRB- 4 line , 8 analog , 8 IP VOIP -RRB- . This Talkswitch 480VS unit does not appear to be a current model as the current unit is a Talkswitch Model VSX.I gave the talkswitch a two star rating as I puchased my unit based on the sales literature and because I desired a PBX type system which allowed me to use VOIP lines . The unit did work , but not without a lot of problems and troubleshooting . I purchased my Talkswitch with four Talkswitch analog phones and two Talkswitch TS-480 internet phones . It took 4 to 8 hours to properly set up the talkswitch for my office , including properly configuring the auto attendants , setting up the timing for the various functions , and more . It took over 8 hours to configure the remote / external Talkswich TS-480 phones . A lot more time was expended to change the configuration to compensate for employee turnover , changing business needs , fixing problems caused when the telephone companies modified their telephone service , and when Talkswitch upgraded their software necessitating programming changes for the system to work . Over time , I watched as one by one the talkswitch phones began to malfunction and cease working . As each Talkswitch phone broke , I replaced it with a regular analog phone . At the end , even the the two TS-480 phones ceased to function properly.In use , the system did work most of the time , and did save me thousands of dollars in telephone bills . I say most of the time because I did experience problems with the system , such as lines dropping calls during the middle of a conversation when new calls came in . Initially , I was told that the problems I experienced were due to `` user '' error . However , one by one , the problems would disappear with each new software revision . So , how could this have been user error ? The biggest conflict created by the system centered around the fact that the system did not provide any indicator as to which phone lines were in use . The result was a `` lot '' of yelling around the office to see if the person was on the line . I purchased the TS-480 as it did have the capability of indicating if a line was in use if you page through the list to find the line -LRB- yet another problem -RRB- . Talkswitch does provide a software solution , at a significant cost , where you could load software on your computer to see if any of the lines were active . However , for a small office , I could not justify the cost of the software.The distributor I used recently decided to eliminate free support and charge an annual fee to provide telephone support . This was probably due to the complexity of programming the Talkswich system . Due to all of the headaches this system caused me , I decided to no longer use the Talkswitch in my office .
 I have had a TimeLine directory for about 9 yrs ... it has been everything I needed . . but the front cover tore off the other day when it got caught in the drawer ... so I went looking for a new one ... went to the office supply stores and none seemed to fit my needs ... I just want one like I had ... some of the letters I keep alot of names in and they are almost full ... but with this new directory it only had room for 32 names per letter ... advertised as a 800 entry book ... which I really needed one in the same size book -LRB- 5X8 -RRB- that would hold 42 like mine . . or more ... I really hated to down size and loose names . . and didnt want to go to a 3 ring binder type ... as I use this for work and for me ... for the price I would think it should be twice this size ... I guess I will just hold on to it and use it for work only . It doesnt seem to be made as well as my book . . they scrimped on the wire binding loops that hold the pages in the book . . they are small loops and are tight on the page so when you flip the pages it wears the paper out so your pages will get worn pretty fast if you use it alot and fall out ... then you will be back to buy a new one ... I just think you should get more for what you pay for this ... I give it a 3 stars for quality ... but value for the price 2 stars . .
 The weight of the paper is near onion-skin . I can not imagine it being able to withstand steady use .
 I ordered this book , but immediately returned it when I saw how tiny the lines are . I write really small , but there was no way that I was going to be able to neatly fill in this address book .
 This product was filmsy . The spaces for writing addresses were too small to even be of use to me . I had purchased a similar product from the same company at a store in my city which had more than met my needs but this was not up to par . I felt taken advantage off because of the inferiority of this product . It was a waste of money .
 I purchased this to replace a smaller address book whose size I failed to check . I did not know that At-A-Glance made more than one size . I did n't return it because it was so inexpensive and myS/H would not have been worth it . Amazon must have added the 5 x 8 inches book since or I overlooked it . I went back again and found the 5 x 8 inches one . If any of you out there do n't know what lilliputian means , it is a very small person . The space between lines is about half the space as my current -LRB- and shabby -RRB- At-A-Glance . Perhaps I have the one that is designed for the senior citizen but even the near sighted , in my opinion , could ' t handle it . Again , the price was too small to bother sending it back . I changed my mind and decided to return the book . I did n't realize the cost so I thought it was worth the trouble to pack it for a return . Having returned items to Amazon before I knew the drill .
 There is not a great deal of room to put telephone , work and cell #s . It is made of a plastic that I am sure will be tearing sooner than later and the tabs are not easy to get to the letter you want . You really get what you pay for ... Go for the more expensive leather version . . You will save money in the long run
 I did n't even buy this to know that it was n't what it says it is ! It says single letter tabs , but the picture clearly shows `` AB '' `` CD '' `` EF '' are grouped together . I do n't want to have addresses for `` Anderson , Brown , Byrnes , Allen '' etc all on the same page . I want a single tab for each letter ! I wrote to the At-A-Glance company about it , but never heard back , figures !
 This is not for 5 &#34; x8 ' calendar . This is not large . The describe is not match the item . So I returned .
 I ordered this item because I was looking for a base for the Burkhart 's Day Counter E712-50 Financial Calendar . This item was suggested to me in the online chat with Amazon . However , you need to look closely at the Technical remarks . The E19-00 will not fit the E712-50 refill . It is NOT 5 X 8 '' . Now I have to go thru the hassel of returning this item .
 The chair is too tall , even lowered as far as it will go . There does not feel like there is any padding in the seat . The arms are too short and not comfortable at all . The backrest does not conform to my back . It takes way too much pressure to make the chair lean back and it only leans back about 5-6 inches .
 This chair did not work out for me on a comfort basis but dealing with the Green Group was excellent , from shipping to return of chair and refund - highly recommend them .
 Seemed like a nice chair initially , however after 3 weeks of use it is now broken . Do n't lean back . The plastic armrest which is also what attaches the back to the base snapped clean off on the right side .
 When I bought this chair , I thought that it would be a nice and comfortable chair . This chair has no padding on the armrests , the frame is supported by the plastic arm rests and it is not very comfortable .
 Well I purchased 2 chairs thru Amazon . When the chairs arrived that were exactly what was displayed . Very nice . But after two and a half months the chairs gas lift broke on one of them . I sent an email to the vendor on 1-8-07 and still have not heard anything from them . I run a buisness and use this chair for our frontdesk . I was hoping this matter could have been taken care of with a little more customer service ! I hope that in the next couple of days they will get back to me regarding this purchase and rectify the situation .
 I liked the look of the pen but it writes terribly . Not a smooth writing pen . I have had Parker pens before and the medium point writes much better . If you replace ink with a medium point it would definitely help . Also a week after I recived the pen I droped it and the silver cap on the top broke off .
 Waterman phileas ballpoint pen
 This portfolio is not recommended for normal use , let alone contractor use . The pockets inside are too tight to carry pens and such in the pockets available . Additionally , the entire case is pretty flimsy and is a pain to carry .
 I ordered the portfolio for my brother as a gift in the year of 2002 and the calendar inside was for the year 2000 . He loves the gift , but I have no idea where to get a calendar for him for the right year . Something I should not have to worry about when making a purchase .
 I really wanted this little organizer to work and for a few weeks it did ... after a few weeks though the plastic stiffiner inside the fabric cover shattered . Floppy and filled with broken plastic between the layers of fabric , it was useless to me . I think the cause may have been the cold weather in Colorado but contractors work outside ... should be durable enough to stand up .
 Bought this portfolio for the lower price and larger size . Photos make item appear to be made of quality materials and rugged construction , like the Orvis Battenkill portfolios which are no longer available.It 's not by a long shot . Only lasted 6 months before coming apart at the seams . Only carried it to and from work once every two weeks . What a piece of trash !
 The enlargement pictures of the portfolio are great , but no where does it state the size or what is included . Does it come equipped with paper , etc ? What size and where can paper , indexes , etc. be purchased . More information would be helpful in making a purchase decision .
 It definitely works and was easy to set up but my major problem was that the voice coming out was very tinny and it also was difficult to get it loud enough to properly hear over any background noise -LRB- including quite typing -RRB- . So unless you want to sit in complete silence while using this , I would recommend against .
 This product went straight to the junk drawer . It hooked up easily but takes over completly on audio . When this is connected it wipes out your other audio output so you have to plug it in and then unplug it each time you need it . Maybe ok for a laptop bag ?
 The volume is not loud enough and people have a hard time hearing on the other end even when you speak right into it . Spend more money on something that actually works .
 This device works , but the sounds quality on it is very poor . The speaker is not great and the mic on it is very weak . I turned the volume all the way up on the mic -LRB- which they recommend as the default , which tells you something -RRB- , and still had problems with the volume being to low . On the plus side , the device plugged in and was picked up right away . I tested it with Skype and except for the volume and sound quality issues , it all seemed to work .
 Maybe it was a shipping mistake , but I received soft gloss instead of matte . I 've been desperately searching for HP Premium photo paper , matte finish , 8.5 x11 , but the only two sellers BOTH sent me soft gloss . Does this product no longer exist ?
 HP must have changed something about this paper when they redesigned the box recently . I have been using this tri-fold paper in my Epson Artisan 810 printer for 2 years with great success . Now , all of a sudden , this paper will not feed into my printer . I have tried everything possible and no luck . I even ran a side-by-side comparison with the last of my old stock of this paper ... the old stock works just fine and the new stock refuses to feed . It makes no difference if I have the `` Thick Paper : '' setting on or off.I am now going to have to find a new paper to print my business brochures because I am certainly now going to throw out a great printer . Very disappointed in this new batch of paper . Returning what is left to Amazon .
 I just bought this and when I opened it up I found that it was just normal matt paper , not pre-scored . WTF .
 Just like one of the other reviews stated , the display is extremely bright . I bought one for me and one for my wife . With 2 of them in the same room we could almost read a book from the light that was put off . I had a piece of tinted vinyl -LRB- for sticking to your windshield when the sun is extremely bright -RRB- and cut pieces to put over the displays . It took 2 pieces for each display to make the room dark again . It is difficult to see the display during the day , however . Also , the volume is very difficult to adjust . There is something to be said about analog controls . The digital volume on these units is too soft on one setting and too loud on the next higher setting.Nevertheless , I am still glad I bought them . It is important to have a combined alarm clock and telephone when bedside table space is limited . The fact that the telephone is cordless is an additional benefit . Having the CD Player as part of the package was not really important to me .
 This product is really , really bad ! With the phone ringer and base ringer turned off , it still continues to ring . It also has some station or other playing very quietly always even turned off , and we ca n't do anything about it . VERY annoying problem at night . There is no one accountable for this purchase , so we are stuck with it !
 I would have given this only 1 star , except we 've found a way to put the whiteboard up on the back of the locker so that she can still see/use it.If you put it on the inside of the door -LRB- as most people would do -RRB- each and every time the door is closed , no matter how gently -LRB- which , it would be kind of ridiculous to think a 7th grade girl is going to carefully and gently latch her door each time -RRB- still sends the whiteboard flying off of the metal , and onto the heap of books and other debris mounded inside . -LRB- See myLocker Revolution Locker Adjust-a-Shelf , Colors May Vary -LRB- 05021 -RRB- review of that piece of crap -RRB-
 The pocket dictionary is very poorly design for the iPOD . Each time I opened the program in the iPOD , I have to wait several minutes for the program to load . It is faster to flip the pages of a Collegiate printed version for looking up a word rather than the pocket version . I have an iMAC , may be it 's different for the Window platform . Nevertheless , do n't buy ! It 's pricy , it 's not worth it .
 Purchased this and was very excited for a new ink color rather than the standard black . Unfortunately , the Ink ran dry in less than a month
 It writes overhead , on oil and water , it flows nicely , has a nice color but it blobs every time I use it . By the time I 'm finished writing a check or note it 's full of ink smears . It 's not just this one , they 're all like that , they all smear and blob . I have a drawer full of Fisher ink refills that blob . I 've had to retire the Fisher pen because of this .
 I wanted to redeem my gift certificate to purchase this item , but I cant ... Your policy for redeeming gift certificatesis seriously wanting . I mean , it was nice that I got the certificate , but in my case I am unable to redeem it for theproducts that I want ... Unless I use a credit Card , . . Whats the point of the gift certificate ? If I cant use it for EVERYTHING YOU offer for sale . Everything I 'm interested in requires a Credit Card . I now am forced to buy things just to redeem the certificate , and quickly I might add , before it expires.You should think to change your policy regarding the Gift certificates.Thank You.Frank Valencia
 I bought this from another store , and I still ca n't get it to work ! I have a PC with Windows XP . The software that comes with the unit is not very user friendly , and the customer service is atrocious -LRB- or non-existent ! -RRB- . I would definitely buy from a different company . I 'm looking at the ICON units right now .
 I knew I was taking a big chance ordering something like this over the internet . But Lingo touted their product so highly and guaranteed my satisfaction . So I ordered and hoped for the best.I knew as soon as I opened the box that the unit was junk . First off , the external design and color scheme were pitiful . Even the name , ` Lingo ' , is too cutesy for any serious electronics lover . I immediately discovered that the languages advertised on the site were not exactly what came with the device , much to my chagrin . Instead of one of the particular languages I was hoping for -LRB- Korean -RRB- , they had Hebrew and Arabic and Turkish . Hebrew ? You tell me . The sound quality was poor-numerous attempts to discern what the voice was saying proved futile.On the upside , the four line display was n't too bad . And it did n't take long to arrive . Though it 's taking a while now to get my refund ! Still waiting . But back to the bad news-the backlight function stays on for a few seconds before you have to press the button again . Oh really ! The thing lacked any grace in its design . The front door shifted around on it 's hinges when shut . It had no finesse and did n't lock down tight with a nice whoosh or subtle snap . No attention to detail . ` Flimsy ' is all that comes to mind . You have to arrow over to see long phrases and that 's arrow over sideways , not downward to see the whole phrase together . And you 're probably thinking 1,200 phrases in all 10 languages right ? Think again , that 's 120 phrases for each one language , and about 5,600 words for each language . This company does accel at one thing-it 's called ` deceptive advertising ' . I should also mention that the manual for the thing looked like something thrown together at the local Kinko 's . After 20 minutes of toying around with it I knew I 'd been stung for the shipping , restock , and return fee . Over 50 dollars lost like a hot minute in Vegas . Ouch . I mean for 160 dollars , plus 20 for shipping , one expects a true work of technological art , not a piece of ... This is something to make you embarrassed for a company that dares sell such flotsam . Shame on you Lingo , shame on you . This ` Ten Talk ' thing is a perfect example of how American product designers have zero sense of what makes an electronic device fun to use and hold and lay eyes on . Companies like Lingo deserve to have their butts kicked by vastly superior competition in Japan and elsewhere . I 'm easily pleased and not easily displeased , but the Lingo 10 Talk is , briefly put ... awful .
 Considering the price level , I expected much more than this product delivered . My biggest disappointment was with the sound of the computer generated voice for the French language . The audio feature was the only reason I was willing to pay 3 times the price of a simple translator . I got a lot more benefit by listening to video and audio tapes that featured real people speaking the French Language . I found other features of the product to be annoying
 Well , it is n't a Franklin product.The problem with Lingo Euro 6 is its inability to identify a conjugated verb and then give you the infinitive . Another huge downside is that it does n't conjugate verbs and has a much smaller vocabulary than the advertisment would have you believe.As far as a tool to pick up the occasional word , it 's fine . However , if you are studying any of those languages in-depth , you would be better off buying a 6 dollar dictionary .
 I 've used many electronic translators over the years . I bought this one as a fallback after Ectaco discontinued manufacturing reasonable one-language translators in its efforts to include too many languages in a single unit . This unit -LRB- the Lingo Euro 6 language translator -RRB- requires that you go through a time and date screen EVERY TIME you turn the unit on . It provides only a one-line display that produces only ONE word option per inquiry . It takes four -LRB- 4 -RRB- key strokes every time before you get to that one word -LRB- say , from English to French -RRB- , and it takes five -LRB- 5 -RRB- key strokes to reset the translator EVERY TIME to translate a word going the opposite direction -LRB- say , from French to English -RRB- . There are only 25,000 words per dictionary , which is fine if you want to translate `` cat '' and `` dog , '' but the vocabulary is too rudimentary to translate anything more difficult , such as a foreign newspaper or exhibit descriptions at a museum . It is useless for translating words that have multiple meanings . No useage or context information is provided . There is so much emphasis on `` Features '' such as an alarm clock , a personal databank , a world time differential , a calculator , currency converter , metric-English measurements converter and so forth , that the unit thoroughly neglects its basic function
 We used this on a recent trip to Europe . It 's got about 6000 words per language which sounds like enough . However , they must have chosen a set based on common use rather than traveler use ... we found almost no words on an Italian menu for example . Looking up a word requires
 The digital display began to degrade within a year and is now completely unusable . Not impressed to say the least .
 The description of this item calls it `` Vellum '' but it is not vellum . This is just your average colored paper .
 Although this product is called `` Vellum '' it is opaque , not translucent . If you are looking for translucent paper , do not order this .
 The Samsill is a simple , non-padded legal-pad folder that lies perfectly flat -- no rocking or soft feel I 've noted with padded leather/vinyl and microfiber covered folders . Many pricier pad holders are n't as ` stay-flat ' when writing on the inserted pad . These folders do n't move around either on a table , standing , or resting on a crossed leg . The surface is firm and flat , no frills , just a fine writing surface , perfect for legal pads . I use the the folders with the Tops 63950 Docket Fold Legal Ruled Pads , which are made of 20-pound paper stock , not the thinner 15-pound paper , and they are much smoother to write on than cheaper pads . I 'll insert a link for legal pads : TOPS 63950 Docket Gold Legal Ruled Pad , Letter Size , Canary , 20 # , 50 Sheets/Pad , 12/pack . UpdateThe spines on these holder ` split/crack ' after little use . For this reason I 've downgraded this review from five stars to one star . Had Sammsill used a natural hinge polymer , these would have been excellent . But the company used a really cheap material .
 UPDATE
 The Ojo fails exactly where the previous video phones have failed
 Worldgate went out of business , so if you buy the phone , you ca n't use it without the monthly service .
 WARNING THIS COMPANY IS PREPARING TO SHUT DOWN OVER A FINANCIAL DISPUTE . THERE IS NO SERVICE BEING PROVIDED FROM THEM SO THIS PHONE IS WORTHLESS . IF ANYONE KNOWS OF ANOTHER PROVIDER THAT OJO PHONES WORK WITH IM ALL EARS . HAVE MULTIPLE PHONES WITH RELATIVES ALL OVER .
 I am very disappointed having spent $ 600 for two of them about 6 months ago . It no longer works . I am looking at alternatives , like D-Link 's product . It was not the greatest product , but we loved the experience.5-Feb-2008The Company is currently in a dispute with its largest customer over the payment of significant monies which the Company believes are owed to it . The customer 's refusal to pay such monies has contributed to a shortfall in the operating cash available to the Company to continue operations . Accordingly , on January 30 , 2008 , the Company shut down its operations as a first step to winding down its business , which will occur if the Company is not able to secure payment of the monies believed to be owed and/or new financing . The Company continues to explore potential financing opportunities and is also pursuing legal recourse against the customer . The Company would intend to resume operations if it can obtain financing or payment of the monies believed to be owed in a timely manner . Without such financing or the payment of monies believed to be owed , however , the Company will continue its plan to wind down the business .
 The price looks too good to be true , and it is . This is definitely not the best bang for your buck as far as electric erasers go . First off , the battery compartment is very difficult to open , and you risk breaking it just trying to put batteries in . Second , the button you push to operate it is rather difficult to push , so you wo n't be able to erase for long without having to take a break . It might be nearly impossible to use if you have arthritis . The mechanism used to hold the eraser is also difficult . I broke the metal piece trying to pry it open to get my old eraser out.I strongly recommend looking at the Sakura or Staedtler model instead . Here is a video which reviews the Helix , Sakura , and Staedtler erasers
 the eraser keeps sliding into the nose and you have to pull it back out . Cant see a use for this thing because it chews up paperlike other erasers . Ill stick to the kneaded erasers as they dont harm the surface of the paper . This thing just weighs down mypencil bag .
 Hello , everyone ! When I was looking for the eraser , I did n't need anything special , so I decided to get the cheapest . Well , I was rather upset , when I tried to erase something written with regular HB pencil . It was smudging ... badly . It has 2 types of eraser
 Once you get to the metal part of the eraser tip , you have no more eraser to work with , but there 's still quite a bit of actual eraser left ! The designer did n't allow for the eraser to actually be used up - which it does rather quickly , by the way ! Whatever they use for the actual eraser 's material , it practically disintegrates right before your eyes ! Very frustrating ! Also , do n't buy this if you have a lot that needs to be erased ! The shipping was more than the eraser , which should 've been a clue . I 'm now stuck with this piece of junk !
 I ordered this calculator desiring a much quieter alternative to the ribbon printing calculator one of my employees was using in the office . Nowhere on the Amazon -LRB- as of September 2012 -RRB- website were the dimensions provided . When I opened the box from Amazon a second large box for the product was found inside . Oh no , I thought to myself . My review does not reflect the quality of the product , per se , rather it is a review of how well the product suited my needs . The calculator is 13.75 inches long x 8.5 inches wide x 3.5 inches tall . Much too large , in my opinion , for sitting on a busy desktop to be utilized 5-10 times a day . Again , this is not a review of the actual product . I did not even take it out of the bag it was shipped in upon seeing its size .
 Casio used to be a trustworthy quality brand name for small electronics . This product does meet the basic published specifications . However , the `` details '' should cause the potential buyer to look at some other product . To date , the key functions have been found to be counter-intuitive by five different people . The User Manual is worse than terrible . The support telephone number leads you into a maize that ends with a request for a chargeable credit card . No on-line support for this model could be found at the Casio web site . And the crowning detail is that the printer output lines can not be read until about five `` lines '' after each line is printed . The only good feature of this calculator is the ease of paper loading . This is a good feature because you will be probably be using about 4 times as much paper than with any other printing calculator .
 These wrappers need more -LRB- stronger -RRB- adhesive ... not nearly enough to stick together . I ended up using some double stick tape to get wrappers to hold together .
 I bought this item because the manufacturer claimed it would keep a laptop cool . I was also looking for a more comfortable Notebook stand . If you are seeking comfort ONLY this might be for you although it is quite high and hard to see over the top of the laptop if you are in a reclining position . Although it does keep the heat from your lap it certainly did not keep my 17 '' laptop cool at all . My laptop actually gets so hot -LRB- top , bottom , and side -RRB- I can feel the heat radiating from my laptop . On the positive side it is more comfortable than the Targus Notebook Portable LapDesk PA243U I was using before buying the cushtop but I am going back to the Targus .
 not cool.they said it was 12 i thought ok , pretty awesome dealand i order one -LRB- one buy , so that 's ONE twelve pack -RRB- so i get my box after a few days , short wait , real nice , i 'm happy . so i pick up the box , notice it 's fairly light open it and i see just one notepad.ONE NOTEPAD FOR ~ 10 BUX -LRB- shipping included -RRB- not a good deal and they LIEDso i email them . and wait . they do n't respond.so i 'm returning this . and i 'm just going to office depot or staples and get my notepads from there.at least in stores -LRB- when you 're physically there -RRB- if they lie and you confront them they will respond . -LRB- i know , all this drama over a silly little notepad BUT i expected better customer service -RRB-
 This was a VERY thin brand of tag . I was looking for something much stronger - it was just a little thicker than paper .
 I placed an order to buy these stickers with RED Arabic letters for my white Apple wireless keyboard , but what I received was with WHITE letters so they did n't work . Fortunately , I have a MacBook Pro with black keyboard , so I decided to use them , BUT , each sticker can cover about 75 % of each key . As a result , I threw them in the trash.The worst thing that happened after this purchase was when I received and email from Amazon Market Place asking me to rate this order and the seller , so I wrote exactly what I mentioned above , the next day I received an email from the seller who insisted that it was my mistake because I ordered stickers with white letters not red and that I needed them for my PC not for my mac ! plus , the way that the seller has wrote their email to me was very rude and I saved their email . Well , I 'm writing a review right now on the product that I purchased which indicates that it is with red letters not white .
 Worst sounding phone I 've ever used . When using this phone , what you hear will be good , but the person you are speaking with will have a very difficult time understanding you - the sound quality is HORRIBLE . I 'm throwing mine away , and buying something that 's not a G.E.
 I can answer the ring and can hear them OK . They can hear a slight sound but can not understand my words .
 Stay away from this phone . It is one of the worst phones I ever purchased .
 I do not like this phone at all . It has alot of static when I walk away from the base to another room . And it disconnects if I walk to far away . It 's a piece of junk .
 I ordered this phone , and it worked fine for about a month , then mysteriously died . Now when the phone rings , I cant answer it , and if I pick up the phone to make a call , it gives one beep , and thats it . No button works.Keep in mind that that it was only about 1 month , so it could n't have been the battery.Get another phone . Skip this one .
 Spools are very short . Wo n't last you more than a few transactions worth of paper . The specs are in the add so I ca n't say I was scammed , but buyer beware .
 I tried using this product to make a rough translation of a few articles . I hoped that I could then just read through them , correct a few errors and be done . The results were however of shockingly poor quality . It translated sentences like `` If this was working , there would n't be a problem '' to Dutch and when I translate back to English they read `` This working there not it be problem '' which did n't make any more sense than it did in Dutch . As you can see it costs more time to correct the mistakes than to just translate it manually . It ca n't even be used to understand a foreign text correctly because the syntax and tenses are jumbled seemingly randomly . Very poor program , but at least a brave attempt at a very complex problem . Also interesting to learn from their mistakes if you intend to make a similar program yourself .
 While it might have been considered `` decent '' in 1999 or 2000 , it just does n't really stack up to todays translation machines . It is decent in english to spanish , french and german ... probably compriable to babelfish -LRB- free online translator -RRB- . However for most other languages this thing is a complete mess and does a few poor job , missing many words or in some cases entire lines . Also the company who made it `` languageforce '' seems to have gone out of business . It seems to work on Vista even though it is n't made for it , and the interface kinda looks like it was made for windows 98 or something . I recommend skipping this thing and getting Power Translator 11 .
 THIS PROGRAM IS JUST JUNK ! To protect yourself & your money DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM . It does nothing it says it can do . All you are buying is a program made of lies.There are other programs you can get that will work better than this on for the money . This is just a rip-off . Plus if you have Windows XP , it will not work.Buyer Beware !
 Dont waste your money they have no after sales service address.Someone is making money out of a product that has no return address . Will not work on XP .
 To say I was disappointed with this purchase would be an understatement . I bought it in the full belief that it would actually help me to translate e-mail and websites as the packaging said . Unfortunately , the packaging is entirely misleading and should be mostly disregarded . You will not be able to successfully translate full sentences with anything approaching ease . This is mostly a word-by-word translator , and significant knowledge of the target language -- and its grammar -- is required to be able to pull off reasonable translations.I must say that I found the Spanish translations competent , but this was because I know Spanish and therefore could make informed choices when the program prompted me for word choice.And this is where the strength of the program is . It does actually help you if you know your target language well enough to multiple guess your way through a series of choices.But is that really a strength ? It seems to me that the goal of any product which calls itself ` Universal Translator ' should be to fully automate the translation process , not give you a multiple choice quiz about a language you do n't know.Now I 've read reviews which apologize for this by saying that all computer language translation packages make draft translations only , and that you really should have someone who knows the language to write the final form . Perhaps so . But this product depends so much on user knowledge of the language that you need someone with those language skills long before the draft stage.Truth is , there are other packages which , despite making what might be called ` draft translations ' , at least translate whole sentences . The problem whith packages like that is that they do n't translate nearly so many languages , nor are they cheap . Indeed , there are many languages this product translates that are n't translated by anyone else.This product is thus recommendable in a limited way . If you basically know a langauge , but ca n't trust yourself to translate lengthy documents , this product might eventually steer you to an acceptable translation . Also , if you really need to translate into Slovak or one of the other lesser-known languages , this may be your only hope.Still , I ca n't help remembering what language teachers have told me in the past
 I own a small motel and bought this software to use to give our Spanish speaking employees instructions . When I could get the software to work the employees could not understand the Spanish translations . It also was not compatable with the reservation software that I use and blew it off my computer . I had to reload the reservation software after loading the language translator . Then when I shut the computer down at night it blew my reservation software off again . The technical support was absolutely useless . The only thing they would offer was a program for over $ 200 that they said would work better . When I tried to get my money back I was told to forget it . Do n't buy this unless you have money to throw into the trash .
 I found this software pathetic for use with the Slavic languages . Some of the most basic words such as ` good ' in Slovak could not be translated . In Czech , ` good ' tranlated into ` best ' . Totally forget translation of sentences , it can not do single words . For some reason translation into Russian would show up as Spanish . The speech synthesis was so bad it was actually funny . It apparently uses English phonetics no matter what language is being translated . This results is completely unrecognizable speech . If I had n't received a full refund from COMPUSA , I would be very upset right now . By the way , do n't expect any sympathy from the developer .
 I bought it mainly to assist in translation of my rusty Spanish . I spend more time updating the dictionary when I use it than I do actually translating with it . There 's no throwing away your language dictionaries with this program .
 This is a terrible product which does not even remotely do what it claims . After a lot of time and effort , you will end up with translations that are useless . Documents translated into Spanish and German were found to be so poorly done as to be laughable . Those who speak the languages found the translations rediculous . This is a bad product which should not even be considered .
 It 's too complicated and too time consuming to use . I read the other reviews about only being able to translate one word at the time ... I 'm impressed . I ca n't even get that far . And on top of all of that , they were supposed to send me a rebate ... but it 's been 4 months since I sent in my paperwork . Now I ca n't even get their stupid little rocket icon from showing up twice on my opening page and interfering with another language program -LRB- that actually works ! -RRB- . Save your money !
 I purchased this same program through compuserve . I never received my rebate . I found it difficult to use and the people I sent the messages to responded in english that the messages I sent in their language was indecipherable
 The worst piece of software I have ever used . Totally misleading . Does not come close to working as advertised . I do n't believe this program is intended to work . It looks like a come on to purchase `` advanced '' versions and make you spend more money . Do n't even consider this program .
 I bought it through a promotion from AOL and I want my money back !
 pro - compact ; light weight ; reasonably sound quality con - no universal a/c adaptor for travel ; no carrying case ; no cd sleep mode
 Nice shape and size . The speaker grill looks cool . But the CD player is the worst I have used.Does not play audio CD-Rs that even my 5 year old boombox plays effortlessly . With regular CDs the delay before the first song comes on is longer than most other CD players - upwards of 10 seconds . Occasionally fails to play even regular CDs on the first try . No sleep timer for CD.Looks like Sony slapped a mediocre CD player on to an otherwise good clock radio . BTW the clock supports ` World Time ' but only as an offset to ` Local Time ' in multiples of whole hours - it should have supported offsets in multiples of half-hour .
 Crap . When it worked , if you closed the cover , it would short out and I would have to reset everything . It finally went out for good when I tried to set daylight savings . Since I have not been able to close the lid without the unit shorting , it could not be used as a travel clock . Usually Sony made in China crap !!!!
 ... it 's one of the BEST things invented . However , I have had my unit for 3 + years now and use it only for travel which I do at least once a month for days at a time . I have had this unit repaired twice -LRB- at an OUTRAGEOUS cost -RRB- due to `` fried circuitry '' . I even bought a portable `` circuit-breaker-power-strip thingy '' and that did n't stop the internal stuff from frying a second time !!! On top of this , these radios are no longer being produced , but , if yours does go out , may I suggest that your purchase a used one ... it 'll be cheaper in the long run . -LRB- and , might I add , last as long as getting it repaired -LRB- 1 year -RRB- -RRB- I like Sony products ok , but repairing them is not fun . Good luck to those who have had no problems ... I 'm jealous
 These Bankers Box/Fellowes magazine file holders are too flimsy for use with a heavy load of magazines . A side-by-side comparison with older magazine holders this company produced over the past several years shows that cardboard in the new holders is about half as thick.I feel it 's way too much money to spend for these new file holders when they are simply not likely to last and may fall apart with continued use.Please note the older reviews of this product are quite positive -- when the quality was there with heavier cardboard . In my opinion , such reviews are NOT relevant today -- particularly with the apparent slip in quality . In fact , the most recent review agrees with this assessment -- these new Bankers Box/Fellowes file holders are too flimsy . Look elsewhere if you need something sturdy .
 Nothing more , I do n't expect them to last . I wish I had bought the plastic ones ... . I have mine set up to hold woodworking and automotive magazines in my garage workshop . I am concerned the humidity might do the cardboard in quickly . Then again , it 's probably not all that good for my magazines ...
 I did n't care for these boxes as they do not stand up once they are filled with magazines . I expected a higher quality for the price .
 Need to put tape on these to make them sturdy and strong enough . liked the blue colored glossy finish ones better .
 I bought this when my trusty Brother MFC-9700 died . It had been a great printer , so I wanted to replace it . However , because it was urgent to replace it , I went to an office supply store and bought what they had - this model.It appears very similar to the MFC-9700 , but in practice , there are some problems .1 . It creases envelopes .2 . The paper tray does n't hold very much . I 'm constantly having to refill it .3 . The toner leaks like crazy . I 've cleaned it many times but it still spills toner onto my documents.I run a small business and have another printer which I use for final documents . I use the MFC-8460N for regular printing , some letters , and drafts , and as my fax machine . So these problems are not crippling , but they are irritating . Definately not the quality of the MFC-9700 . On the plus side , this model hardly ever jams . ______________________________________________________________ UPDATE
 I have this printer for about 3 months and it just never stop giving problems . It was noisey and always saying no paper , called the technician and they replaced it . same problem . the technician said that was a problem with these printers . So I upgraded to a wirelessMFC-8870DW . that did not solve the problem.If you look at it , its the same printer with a wireless card.They took it back for repairs and gave me a refurbished 8460 as a loaner , and guess what same problem.SO TAKE MY ADVICE , DO NOT PURCHASE BROTHER PRINTERS .
 I purchased this printer on June 22 , 2007 . One year later -- just after the warranty expired , the printer started making loud snapping sounds , like plastic being broken . At that same time , the printer started jamming and stopped printing . -LRB- I see that other people writing reviews have had the exact same experience . -RRB- While the printer worked for the first year , it constantly crumpled the corners of envelopes , creating a very unprofessional appearance . This , too , appears to be a common problem with this printer.I had an earlier version of this printer that lasted well for a number of years . However , in this model , the manufacturer appears to have cut corners and created a product that , in my opinion , is junk . Given the quick failure , I may end up suing the manufacturer to get my money back.I 'll be replacing the computer today with something more reliable . Do n't buy this printer .
 Brother 7820N :1 . Can not reliably print envelopes , including and especially # 10 . If that 's important to you , find another machine .2 . Scan for fax very slow . VERY slow . Interminable .3 . Software minimal , very poorly designed . Fax and scan management thin , missing functions and management options .4 . Support -LRB- help ; manuals ; online -RRB- incomplete , inaccurate .5 . Will not automatically re-set after paper jam clear . -LRB- Have to power cycle . -RRB- Everything about the machine says `` absolute minimum '' -- fit , function , design , engineering , materials , assembly , software -LRB- incl driver -RRB- . A reasonable guess
 I absolutely hate this printer . I set it up and it worked fine . I have had it for 6 months . About once every 2 or 3 weeks this machine suddenly reads `` No Paper '' though there is paper in it and it is not jammed . There is a plastic clicking sound about 6 times in a row then the red light . If I power it down , then back up , stick my hand in the tray and scream curse words it might start working eventually . So far the shaking the printer , turning it off , sticking my hand in the tray and clicking things around while screaming expletives has worked , but yesterday it stopped working and none of this seems to help.Not enough of a problem for you ? It curls the pages as I print them so that any document more than 4 pages long gets jammed if you do not pull the pages out and babysit it.Grossly overpriced for such a crappy mess . I 'm uninstalling this and putting my HP printer back . BROTHER SUCKS !
 The MFC-8460N worked well for two months and I was very happy with it . Then one day it just break down , and will not power on . I called and they said they will send a replacement ; so I waited ... About two week later , not receiving the replacement , I called back and they said they had to verify the address . Another two week or so went by , still not receiving the replacement , I called and again they wanted to verify address again . Then again , still not receiving the replacement , so I called and for the third time they again needed to verify the address . I demanded to talk to the manager . He promised to send the replacement overnight ; and I received the printer within two days . Unfortunately the replacement did not work either -- the paper kept being jam every single time ! That would be the last Brother printer I would ever buy .
 I also have a problem with the printer creasing envelopes . It appears to shift the flap of the envelope slightly while feeding it through the fuser and the heat and pressure causes another crease about 1/8 '' offset from the original one.I returned the first unit that I ordered because of a loud squeaking noise that developed while printing . The second unit also squeaks somewhat -LRB- Certainly more than my old mfc-8820D -RRB- , but it does n't sound like it 's dragging a cat through the manual feed slot.There 's a big difference between this unit and my MFC-8820D in the scanning area . On my old printer , I could input an email address on the screen and it would forward the document to that address . This guy requires you to select a network computer and then sends the document there . A memory resident program needs to be running on the computer to process the received document ... which is a worthless waste of memory space about 99.99 % of the time when the computer is doing it 's normal job . The memory resident process also conflicts with some HP network printer software and crashes on a couple of our systems , thus rendering them unusable with this scanner . Needless to say , the old way of doing it was much better.In retrospect , and despite the 145,000 pages printed , I probably should have spent the $ 300 to replace the fuser on my 8820D instead of getting this unit . This one is much faster , but the other trade-offs - the lack of duplexing -LRB- known at the time of ordering , but the 8860DN was n't yet shipping -RRB- and the dumbing down of the scanner firmware -LRB- unknown until received -RRB- are serious handicaps.Oct 30 , 2006 update - After about five month of use and about 20K pages printed , my printer is in the shop being repaired . The printer started making loud snapping sounds , like plastic gears stripping , whenever a page was printed ... except that the paper jammed every time . The guy in the service center said that he has another identical printer in for repair and that it 's the fuser unit that 's shot . That would be easy to fix , except that they 're on back-order and wo n't be available for a while . Sigh . I think my next printer will be an HP.November 14 , 2006 - I have to give Brother Service credit . 1000 pages post-repair and my machine broke again . They 're shipping me a new printer . This will be my second replacement unit ... hopefully this unit will be more solid as my warranty runs out in April.November 25 , 2006 - update - The replacement unit not only shifts the flap on envelopes , it puts creases all over them , rendering them completely unusable for any purpose . If there was a way to totally unwind this purchase , I would in a second . On the other hand , since design of this unit appears to have all the reliability of an alcoholic after a weekend on the town , I purchased the one year extended warranty.February 10,2007 - update - Well , the machine is now starting to make loud snapping sounds whenever the paper tray is filled up to the full line . It also jams and refuses to feed paper whenever that happens . The solution -LRB- so far -RRB- is to only fill the paper tray half-full . I really dislike this piece of junk ... so much so that I bought HP for my new offices.May 13 , 2008 - final update - After limping along in the old office for the last year , the Brother finally died -LRB- again -RRB- . The big question is whether to take it to recycling yard , where they would gently take it apart and salvage the parts , or take it to the local car crusher and watch it receive what it deserves . Alas , my ecological side is coming through and I 'll recycle it . Oh well , it would have made a great YouTube video ...
 Recently , despite my recommendation of the Brother MFC-7820N , two of my clients decided to purchase the Brother MFC-8460N because of the faster print speed and legal-size scanning bed and , oh boy , what a mistake that was ! Both customers have had almost identical problems ; the unit does n't recognize the paper tray intermittely and says ` no paper in tray ' and the unit makes an annoying clicking sound just before and for several minutes after printing , copying or receiving a fax . That might be okay in a noisy environment , but in a home office or any place where it 's reasonably quite this will drive you bananas . Brother tech support does n't have a fix for either of these problems and so they shipped a refurbished unit , only the annoying clicking was slightly less noisy while the paper/paper tray -LRB- MP tray -RRB- issue has come back to haunt the replacement unit . My suggestion , go with the MFC-7820N or better yet , get a unit from another manufacturer because Brother does not seem to want to do the right thing which would be to replace this defective model with another model that does n't have the engineering , design and/or manufacturing flaws that make the 8460N a lemon . I really wanted to give Brother a chance because I think that the 7820N is a terrific little all-in-one , but stay away from this unit .
 I assume other printers/copiers must do their jobs better than this one . The quality of the output is fine but I have constantly had to clean the drum -LRB- done easily , admittedly -RRB- . The two worst features are its inability to print envelopes -- at least five creases per envelope on every try -- and the print/copy output comes out very curled and winds up on the floor . This printer appears unable to copy/print more than ten pages without pushing it into a messy pile or all the way onto the floor . And did I mention the high degree of curling of the output -LRB- I did , but I will do it again -RRB- . As a small business I will not buy a Brother printer-assuming they all share these faults -LRB- admittedly could be wrong -RRB- . I will search another company 's product line .
 I ordered one of these two months ago and it worked GREAT for the first two months , then it started having a weird clicking noise every time it would pull from the paper tray and then paper soon started jamming . We returned it to Costco and ordered a new one . We just received the new one and I went to set it up and received an instant error that said `` Machine Error . Call Brother . '' I called them and they told me the error I was receiving was because it was broken and I would have to use the warranty to get it fixed . Thank goodness we purchased it from Costco , because we will be returning it tomorrow . So ... why the 2 stars instead of 1 ... well ... it was a great printer while it was working . It was fast and with the wireless option , it would work with all the computers in our house . It scanned and faxed well . I just wish we could actually get one that works . Chances are ... we will probably try one more time to purchase it because there is not another wireless all-in-one that I could find on the market for a reasonable price . Wish us luck on our third one !
 I have 8860dn - it based on the same engine as this one , the only difference - wireless . So here is my experience - hope it will be helpfull.I was with HP for 15-20 years , needed MFP , read all reviews here and decided that MFC-8860DN will be a good choice -LRB- other option was HP 3055 -RRB- . It has everything I need - copier , network print , scan , fax . Easy setup -LRB- I am in IT for 25 + years -RRB- . Everything was almost perfect . The only complaint you need to keep in mind - IT EATS 1100 WATTS when starts printing - light could flash.It was OK , until I reached 1500 pages mark - it start printing small dots every ~ 3 '' . No problem - need to clean everything -LRB- per my experience and confirmed on Brother 's web site -RRB- . Cleaned - it was the biggest mistake - all outputs were with tons of small dots all around the page.Called Support 2 times . After few hours of troubleshooting - they advised me to replace DRUM . Hey - its only 1500 pages , nowhere close to promised 25000 ! After I mentioned it , they offered me 75 % discount on it . What 's about warranty ? Sorry . I spoke to supervisor , he explained that Support in Philippines ca n't do it , the only option - to call USA office.I replaced DRUM . Now counter shows around 2000 pages and I have same problem again.Hey , I heard this before - never say never . Still as of today : I would NEVER , NEVER buy Brother printer/MFC again !!!
 The MFC is great with double sided printing and wireless capability , but there does not exist enough expletives to describe Brother 's customer service.Thus
 I have owned the MFC-9420CN , but you might want to read this before purchasing any Brother printer . I have had this machine for about a year it cost over $ 1,000 and is suppose to be for business . This machine is in my home and I do use it more than probably most homes , but not nearly the amount a buisiness would use . After I print about 100-200 copies the machine overheats and needs to take a very long break , sometimes overnight . Make sure you read the entire manual . You need to know how heavy of paper you can use . It wo n't even take standard coverstock 67lbs . It will only take up to 55 lbs . This machine jams all the time , both at the paperfeeder on top as well as the papertray on the bottom . I have made many calls to Brother . I do get to speak to a live person ; however , they are not all trained very well . One problem took them a week to fix , many many phone calls and a guy coming to my home twice . I will give them credit for taking care of the problem and not charging me anything . My most recent problem was with a toner cartridge of theirs . Read the fine print , they only guarantee their cartridge for 90 days with a receipt . So , now I 'm out $ 100 , yes , that is how much their cartidges costs . Think twice before purchasing any printer , read the fine print and do a lot of research .
 We got this machine it performed flawlessly . both pc & macs are printing via usb & wireless , quality is tops . After , the 2nd cartridge , we have NOT been able to install a new cartridge properly . We have bought 3 different cartridges none fit in properly . We got a new machine and still the same problem . when we manage to get the cartridge in properly the paper jams all the time . Darn , it was too beautiful to last ... . we are using brother stock all the way and it still does n't work . The techs at Fry 's do n't seem to be able to correct this either . so it is in the repair shop for 5 weeks and we have a brand new one that has the same symptoms ... Man it was too good to be true . If we do n't resolve this we are going to HP . We 've had several Brother machine and they did work well .
 THIS MACHINE WO N'T WORK WITH VONAGE . BROTHER TOLD ME THIS , AND VONAGE TRIED TO WORK WITH ME , BUT IT IS HIT OR MISS WHEN YOU FAX SOMETHING TO SOMEONE . USUALLY YOU WILL GET THE `` COMMUNICATION ERROR
 An expensive machine that is not worth the price . Paper keeps getting stuck in the feeder . So , great difficulty scanning or faxing multiple documents . And it has damaged important papers .
 I purchased the unit intending to replace a lot of machinery in my office
 I find this product works great about 50 % of the time . Numerous times during mid-presentation it will not advance slides . Changing batteries does not improve performance !
 My company purchased 3 of these malfunctioning pieces of garbage . One did not work at all the other worked only intermittently . The third works 80 percent of the time . still a poor record . The laser pointer works on all three but using it to control a powerpoint presentation is risky if your business depends on it .
 I used this for a day on several computers , but after about 6 or 8 hours of use , it died . I changed batteries , tried it with several computers , and it just would n't work . I returned it and am looking for another device .
 This product functioned suitably while it lasted . Unfortunately , it was only about 18 months . I replaced the Nicad battery twice at a cost of almost $ 20 per pop . And yes , I DID run the battery down as recommended and did not have it constantly on the cradle . The sound quality was relatively good and the ability to page the handset from the base was nice . The speakerphone was also relatively good . A huge complaint-No battery backup . Everytime the power went out , everything-remote access codes , basic settings and OGM had to be reset . I generally love Sony products . Not this one , however . I am still looking for a replacement . The handset is completely dead-not the battery this time . Save your money .
 Do not purchase this item ! Even though it clearly states guest book and pen set ... they only send the guest book ! Amazon did n't even know and resent me the `` set '' and once again I only received the book ! Nightmare !
 The paper says it works with all brands of inkjet printer . I went to Kodak 's website and set up my printer settings exactly as instructed for my printer -LRB- Canon S800 -RRB- . Even though this paper is very white , smooth , and glossy -LRB- all good things -RRB- , the print quality of the output is significantly inferior to comparably priced Epson Photo Paper and Canon Glossy Photo Paper . Needless to say , I am very disappointed with the print quality . I can see lots of the individual pixels , especially on human flesh . Now I am stuck with a 50-sheet pack of expensive , nearly unusable paper . If you have a Canon S800 printer , stay away from this paper !
 The black ink will not dry properly on this paper.After 24 hours of drying time it still sticks to the photo album pages . Called Kodak they said it was HP ink that we are using . I will not use Kodak again .
 I used it on my HP PSC 2210 multifunction machine with 6-ink photo printing . The photos come out with too much red . The HP premium photo paper , on the other hand , produced photos that look exactly like the once developed in the local 1-hour photo lab . In short , avoid the Kodak premium photo paper if you have HP printers .
 Using CANON S750 , the outcome is terrible . It is dark and blur . Canon 's Photo Paper Pro , or Kadak 's Premium Photo Paper did produce high-quality pictures , almost no different from the photo developed in a lab .
 The reality is different brand of printers likes certain brand of paper . The best result is to match the makers of the same printer and paper together . I used canon , epson , HP , and gneranic brand of paper . I find epson paper to be the most compatible photo paper overall , it prints well on Epson and Canon printers . Canon paper are good too and they print very well on their Canon printers . I used HP photo paper on Epson and Canon and the ink does n't dry/catch that well on either , it prints ok on its own HP.This Kodak works fine on my old Epson printer , and I have bought quite a few pack . Now that I am exclusive Canon printers -LRB- i950 -RRB- this Kodak Photo paper is as bad as most generic paper out there . At least it dry , but the picture is not sharp . Generic papers are the worst for photo inkjet , one office brand did n't even dry and bubble . I am not buying this paper again , I actually have a batch of Picture Paper from the 2002 , they might have gotten better , but I doubt it .
 Do n't expect to get good picture quality with this paper if you have an Epson Photo 820 printer . I tried differents settings , including those suggested by Kodak , and always got very bad results .
 I recently purchased this paper , in bulk mind you , and found myself to be very disappointed in my purchase . I love to take digital pictures and print them myself and frame them to give as gifts . Well , I bought this brand thinking it was better ... but it really took forever for the ink to dry ... if I waited for an hour ... when I 'd place it in the frame , it would look like the picture was wet against the glass . I let the picture dry out for a complete day before I could even frame it ... and I think part of that to blame is the thickness of the paper . I guess I 'll go back to Epson photo paper , since that one seems to work better for me .
 I recently purchased this paper , in bulk mind you , and found myself to be very disappointed in my purchase . I love to take digital pictures and print them myself and frame them to give as gifts . Well , I bought this brand thinking it was better ... but it really took forever for the ink to dry ... if I waited for an hour ... when I 'd place it in the frame , it would look like the picture was wet against the glass . I let the picture dry out for a complete day before I could even frame it ... and I think part of that to blame is the thickness of the paper . I guess I 'll go back to Epson photo paper , since that one seems to work better for me .
 i ordered the paper and i paid more for theshipping than the paper . and the post office wrinkeled it up to get in my mailbox . not happy
 I 've tried both Kodak 's photo business cards and its photo paper with my new Epson 1280 . The printer in general produces spectacular results on Epson 's photo papers . Kodak 's photo biz cards gave me dull , unsaturated colors with a tendency towards brownish or magenta rendering - very unattractive . Kodak 's photo paper produced nice results in light areas , and bizarre blotchy results in dark areas of the image . I actually changed color cartridges , thinking one of the colors had gone dry , but got the same results - until I switched to Epson 's photo paper . I 've also had unsatisfactory results using Kodak 's bizcard photo paper in my old Epson 850 .
 When I ordered these I had assumed it was of the same lb . quality as what I had been using . To my dismay the paper I got from you was about half the lb . thickness . I will have to use them because I ca n't seem to find ones that I really want .
 Purchased the HP190 1 wk ago basically on the strength of my strong previous experience with their printers . Found immediately that the machine does n't copy any original larger than letter size ... -LRB- my own fault -RRB- , but then also found that it truncated my documents and left off the last line on a letter page and in my case , a crucial line . Should n't a copier that has a setting for 81/2 '' x 11 '' actually copy that size ? I thought so too , and returned it for a Xerox XD100 which is a WIZ machine . I lose the color capability , but have about the best copy you can get anywhere !
 The print quality is good but everything else stinks . It does n't print legal nor does it print full letter -LRB- it crops the letter unless you scale it down to 91 % -RRB- . Everytime you go to copy it always has to `` warm up '' -LRB- for an inkjet ?? -RRB- which takes about 30 seconds . So if you want to just be able to make a quick copy ... forget it . It also has a nasty tendenacy to paper jam , especially when doing multiple copies .
 I really liked the idea of this phone , but was very disappointed when i actually got it . It is very uncomfortable to wear . It constantly fell off my ear and I could never find a comfortable position on my ear for it . The sound quality was fairly poor , even right next to the base . Also , since it does n't sit securely in your ear , the microphone rubs against your face and you hear scratching noises in the ear piece , as well as the person you are talking to hearing it . The battery life is also a major issue with this device , and it is not really replaceable at all . Overall , anyone interested in this product I advise you look for something better than this because you might just be totally disappointed with this like i was .
 I 've had this for ten months , and the battery now lasts only 11 minutes before the low battery warning beeps start . That 's the most critical issue . But there are other problems as well.The earhook is awkwardly shaped and uncomfortable , and does n't keep the headset positioned well , so the microphone rubs against your face , transmitting that noise as static . There 's a switch on the base unit that 's supposed to choose between pulse or tone dial , but my phone always does pulse dial regardless of the setting . I have to hit the pound key to switch to tone dialing every time I dial a number . This phone also interferes with WiFi quite a bit during use.To turn the ringer off , you have to turn the phone off , and if you turn the phone off it wo n't charge on the charger . It WILL power on , though . It seems the power switch on the headset only disconnects the battery from the rest of the circuit . So if you switch the headset off intending for it not to ring and wake you up at night , then put it on the charger to recharge it , it wo n't charge but it will ring!Worse yet , as soon as you pick up the ringing phone , since the switch is in the off position the headset will lose power leaving you confused . After that , you may fail to answer the phone in time , or accidentally pick up and hang up . OK , this particular problem can be avoided just by knowing not to put it on the charger switched off , but between this , the battery issues , and the other issues I mentioned , I have to give this phone the lowest rating .
 I regret buying this product . The sound is horrible -- it 's full of statics . There is no support at all for this product . Totally wasted my money ! I wonder why other reviews said they got good sound . Make sure if can return the product before you buy !
 I have read so many reviews on this phone before I purchased it . I got this phone for my magic jack . I needed it there because I work with my hands all day.This phone has performed wonderfully . I charge it at night and keep it on all day.The only draw back is it needs to be contoured to fit your ear . Out the box a couple of bends will suffice . The Mic is very strong ... which means you need to turn it down ... and the magic jack has an option to do so . I also use it on my regular line and it is awesome.UPDATE ... UPDATE ... This phone clonked out on me in July from over charging . Now it 's useless .
 Bought it for my mom for her work where she works as a saleswoman at a quality kitchenwaremega store . Since she needed to receive and make calls all day while running around in thestore helping customers , she wanted a handsfree set for the landline . She used it for one day , told me how convenient this little thing is . Starting the 2nd day of use , it started malfunctioning.Its battery would run out after 10 min even though it 's been recharging for hours . She brought backhome for me to inspect it and after 2 days of retesting and dissembling , I found nothing wrong withit . Then I found others ' reviews about it online and lo and behold , everyone else have had the sameproblems with it . so by the 4th day , battery would only last a minute or so even with over night ofrecharge.Also , when worn , it does not stay on your ear . And it 's not so light that your ear gets tired afterawhile.For sure , this is a nifty concept and there are handsfree headsets out there for landline phones , but unfortunately they run from $ 100 ~ $ 500 which is ridiculous because phones themselves do n'tcost that much .
 I followed all the instructions regarding charging prior to use , but once it was charged I was never able to get a dial tone , nor could I answer a call with it . Very sad , as I was hoping this would solve a problem I just discovered - new cordless phones do n't always come with a headphone jack!Hopefully others may have better luck with this device .
 Does n't work that well , and we were disappointed . Okay but not at all what we expected . Would not buy again
 if you want to hear something and to use a comfortable cordless headset as a telephone - dont buy this!i made the worst mistake and purchased two of these but they both were same low and poor quality !
 Ended up paying close to $ 12 due to shipping changes . The thing broke down about 2 months after purchase . Not worth the money unless you find it cheaper .
 I guess I did not look at the picture closely . The back is a hinged clip . If you put it on your belt or clothes it leaves a mark , and it also is subject to falling off . I 've only had it for a few weeks and already lost my badge once as it fell off . Luckily a colleague found it in the hallway at work . I recommend you get one that has a slip on clip that you can attach to your belt .
 For a palm-Pilot they could have done a better job . it is not worth the price i paid . The batteries drain fast even with the unit off .
 As a long time QuickBooks Pro user , I had high hopes for POS , but this product is a disaster . It is simply unuseable without tech support ... You ca n't even email a question to Intuit . The fields are not customizable . If you have any need beyond the simplest retailing , you 'll be stuck . No wholesaling , consignment , layaway , gift certificates . Lacks the most basic user friendly functions like drop-downs , macros -LRB- it takes 14 steps , including HTML coding , to attempt recalibrate printing price labels - NOT KIDDING - and you wo n't find those steps in the user manual . -RRB- Receipt and report layouts are barely customizable and lack basic information such as company name . Fonts can not be changed are so small our customers need magnifying glasses to read prices . Interface between inventory , purchase vouchers and sales receipts very clumsy and cumbersome . Make a mistake on a long receipt and you have to start all over . No editing or overrides , even for password protected business owners . Intuit is squandering its good reputation on POS .
 Having been in software development and set up many POS systems for people I can honestly say this is the poorest excuse for software I have ever seen . The features are non existent , The user interface is the worst . You have only a few ways to get inventory in this train wreck and they have very little to do with POS . There is no real cash register screen . It 's just a grid with a few buttons . I ca n't see how anyone would find this application useful , especially at the price they are selling it for . Stick with Microsoft Quicksell 2000 . Intuit , what are you thinking ?
 I have used many POS systems in the past and was attracted to POS Multi Store Pro primarily for its price . It is very limited in capability for a POS system , and the interaction with QB financial is a disaster , as it is constantly adding journal entries to your books that you need to be an accountant to decipher . I interviewed two bookkeepers to come in and make the continuous corrections now required to keep our books accurate , and neither one of them could figure it out . Our inventory seems to now have a mind of its own . It never seems to be right anymore . I think this may be do to problems with the store exchanges . The reports are very rigid in their format , and you are pretty much stuck with the ones provided . There is no ability to create your own reports . Tech support is a pain . You have to call them more frequently than any other system I have ever used . For us that is about once every 2-3 months . Most of the time we call they recognize that the problem is inherent to their software and they have provided support for free . The last time we called them it was when one of our remote store computers crashed . You have to call quickbooks to get the necessary codes to reinstall the software . They provided this support just fine , but then they charged us $ 79 to set up our store exchange because that was n't covered . If you are a small single store operation just looking to set up some bar codes it might be great . If you are larger , I would look for a real POS system with more flexibility in report generation , and more relieable store exchanges . Also , the software might look cheap now , but be prepared to upgrade every 2 to 3 years , because once they stop supporting the version you are using , it will soon become worthless to you because it will eventually stop working and Intuit 's most helpful solution will likely be to upgrade to the latest version .
 Very slick , does n't take chalk at all . I sanded it , cured it twice -LRB- rubbing chalk on it -RRB- , still does n't write as well as a normal chalkboard would . I did paste it on a flat , quite smooth surface . I 've bought chalkboard paper that was n't too much more expensive than this on Etsy , and that paper has a rough surface that you can write VERY easily on . People who said they could write on this chalkboard paper obviously never used a good chalkboard before ... Skip this and go elsewhere . Could n't return this product because I was so confident with the good reviews , I cut out a large chunk to use , only to find out it 's unuseable .
 Lots of fun applying this , like any other contact paper to nearly any surface . Great if you only need to use it one time , but the chalk &#34; burns &#34; into the surface -LRB- like our computer screens would do w/out a screen saver -RRB- . Seemed like a great idea , but would n't rec . if needed for repeated or frequent use .
 It took me more than 45 minutes to get this contact paper to properly stick onto a wall surface . I was constantly having to re-position it to smooth out air bubbles and wrinkles . The awkward dimensions -LRB- 18 `` x6 ' -RRB- may have added to the difficulty , but I suspect that the poor quality of the material was more to blame . I also do n't like the semi-glossy appearance and prefer a matted look that is more similar to traditional chalkboards . I 'll stick to Wallie brand chalkboard paper from now on , which has never given me trouble , and wo n't purchase this Contact Brand again . -LRB- In fact , I 'll probably eventually replace this paper with Wallie -- much happier with that brand . -RRB- Very annoying product .
 As a child , I recall that when contact paper was laid down it was n't going anywhere . You better really like the pattern and color cause you were for the most part `` stuck '' with it . I was thrilled to see that they had a chalkboard version of contact paper and was expected to have a similar experience with a good quality product ; but definitely time have changed.The paper barely stuck to the surface so much that I was able to peel it off after the complete installation . Secondly , the chalkboard feature was bogus at best . Honestly it was n't any different if I just bought black colored shelf paper . The finish was too glossy to mimic an actual chalkboard and the writing left permanent indentations in the paper after I erased my work.The only decent part about the product was the price because I truly did n't have any remorse throwing the entire purchase in the trash.I 'll try the chalkboard paint and stay away from the easy alternative ; too good to be true .
 I wanted something cheap and I found this . I got what I paid for . I ca n't get it to stick to the walls . It worked if I put it on pic as a word bubble . -LRB- Like something someone was saying/thinking -RRB-
 This is NOT chalkboard paper . It is plain black contact paper . I tried to do the project I had planned for it and the chalk wo n't even wipe off ... it wo n't wash off ! I have used chalkboard paper before and this is far from it . I do not recommend this if you are seeking chalkboard style paper .
 I bought this to cover up worn chalk boards and it does not work as advertise . It is simply contact paper that works once a a surface for chalk and that 's it . It does not erase well and leaves marks . They should not advertise as chalkboard paper . Do n't buy this .
 This is simply a bad product . It in no way has the texture of &#34; chalkboard &#34; paint . To me , it feels like regular black contact paper . Chalk does not erase and normal chalk scratches the surface . It is also a pain to work with and anywhere it creases - even in the package - leave a huge blemish on your &#34; chalkboard &#34; . This might be ok to use dry erase on but definitely not chalk . Go buy paint instead .
 This paper is really just black contact paper . The chalk did write on it , but not without having to go over it a number of times to be able to see it . Not a coarse enough surface to really hold the chalk.It was a good price though and for an at home project worked out okay .
 Okay , so this may be a little biased opinion , but I hate this stuff . It was really easy to measure , it felt nice and I figured the chalk would work fine , although I will never really know . Why ? EVERY APPLICATION LEFT BUBBLES . We tried a million different ways to get it just right , but it did n't work . A rolling pin , one of those squeegee things , applying slowly , all four corners at the same time , from one corner to the other vertically/horizontally/diagonally , etc. . My husband and I literally spent an hour trying to get it to cover right with no bubbles , and it was frustrating beyond belief . Eventually we opted to go a different route . Hobby Lobby has Chalkboard Spray Paint for $ 7.99 -LSB- it works , I 'm finished with my project now ! -RSB- in black and green , and Michael 's has Chalkboard Spray Paint in a variety of colors , I hear , and I ca n't imagine it being anymore than $ 10 . Save yourself some frustration unless you 're a super-pro at applying contact paper without bubbles ... or maybe you like the bubbles ?
 This chalk board paper really did n't work ... . I ca n't even write with chalk on it at all ... it sort of shows up but not really ... . Wish I would of known this before I covered my whole wall in it . Very big waste of my money seeing I bought quite a few . Very dissapointed .
 Although I love Amazon and thoroughly happy with the service , I was disappointed in the Chalkboard contact paper . I thought it would be more like a chalkboard finish where you could write on it with chalk . The finish was too smooth and when you wrote on it , the chalk would n't adhere to the surface .
 I was really excited to get this because I wanted to make my own chalkboard speech bubbles for my son 's 1st birthday . No matter how I applied the contact paper it left bubbles that I could not remove . Once I got past the fact that there were going to be some air bubbles -LRB- that maybe would not be seen once there was writing on them and in photographs -RRB- I tried to write on this contact paper and it would not hold the chalk . I was very disappointed ! I had to go to the Home Depot and buy Rustoleum Chalkboard spray . That worked MUCH better !!!
 Does n't stick !!!!! Could n't get it stick , followed directions ended up buying chalk board for big box home improvement store .
 I ordered this product . Thinking it would be a less expensive option vs getting a white board.I was very disappointed , when I received the product.Unfortunately , I would not recommend this product.You get what you pay for .
 I expected something a little thicker -LRB- this is extremely thin -RRB- and something that resembled a chalkboard a little more . This is a little too shiny to pass as a chalkboard material unless you 're kind of far away and at the right angle . Also , when I tried to write on it with chalk , it was too slick and the chalk would n't show up . I am not pleased with this product and now have to start over on my project I was going to use it for .
 I was disappointed with this product . I primed it with chalk like other people suggested , but the chalk did n't go on that well . It is n't like a real chalkboard - not as good as chalkboard paint either . The chalk also leaves scratch marks on the vinyl that you can see after it is erased . Underwhelming product .
 I 'm a huge contact paper fan , but they really dropped the ball with this one . I cured the paper by covering it with chalk and after erasing it , it still did not take normal chalk very well . To make matters worse , I tore the paper after just a few uses.We 'll be redoing our blackboard with plywood and chalkboard spray paint instead .
 I was expecting a more matte finish like a real chalk board . This is basically black vinyl contact paper .
 This is no chalkboard ... this is like regular paper that chalk does n't work on , but more like a fluorescent marker . It does n't erase either . It 's a waste of money . ... unless , of course , you intend on NOT changing the label ... which defeats the purpose .
 I was not impressed with the product . Writing on the paper was difficult and the chalk was very light . I would not order again .
 chalk board part works greatdoes not stick well which is the biggest complaintcleans wellvery flimsy tears easy
 I bought this with high hopes that I could finally write on my dorm door without regrets or worries . I bought dustless chalk thinking that this paper would be rough and like a chalkboard -LSB- as the name would imply -RSB- , and that all chalk was pretty much the same . Needless to say , dustless chalk is quite different from regular chalk , and if you were expecting a chalkboard-like surface , this is not the way to go.It seems like the unevenness of the paint on my door is what provides friction and a place for the chalk to stay , while the paper is just creating a black surface . Dustless chalk does not erase well off this and leaves nasty scratches . Sometimes I would find black material on the chalk after writing and see a grayed out part where I erased . It turns out this is just really contact paper painted black with no special properties , and very unlike my expectations . The instructions say to use a damp cloth to erase , and this is necessary because a conventional chalkboard eraser does n't cut it.Granted , when using regular chalk -LSB- the dusty , old fashioned kind -RSB- , there are n't any scratches and a conventional eraser will do just fine . Also , removing it will probably not be a problem since I was moving and re-removing many times during the installation.I recommend fluorescent markers designed to write on dark surfaces over dustless chalk , which I find somewhat ironic
 If I did n't absolutely have to have this for gifts I am making , I would have sent it back . This is NOT chalkboard paper . This is black contact paper , which I can get pretty much anywhere . It has no texture like chalkboard paper is supposed to have therefore dramatically takes away from the &#34; chalkboard &#34; effect . Do not buy this if you want chalkboard paper , this is just smooth contact paper .
 This contact paper is worthless for a chalkboard . I purchased this to make labels for my glass containers for Flour , Sugar , etc. . But it is so slick that chalk wo n't write on it ... . I would not even give this one star , but I had to put at least one.Wish I could just get my money back ... . Wasted money on this product for sure .
 Not as &#34; chalkboard &#34; like as I hoped but works okay . Serves a purpose but I do n't think the chalk does n't show up well .
 There were so many good reviews i thought this product would work out even though there were some bad reviews in there . I purchased this product for making my own labels for bottles of simple syrup i was making . I saw this as a way to label jars that the contents might change out frequently thus the need for the chalkboard product . But there is no way this will work for any application where people might touch the area that was written on . I can see that this would work for mounting to a wall and a child draws away . I did ` cure ' the paper as suggested . But the chalk rubbed off at the slightest touch . And frankly did n't go on that smoothly either . I played with it for a while . Hopeful that the more i wrote and ` cured ' it the better it would become . the previous words are visible even though i rubbed them off . Not sure how this would work in other applications . But it 's a total fail for me . I will try to find other uses for it . But for now it 's just Contact brand black contact paper .
 I paid way more then I thought it was worth , before I even received it , when I got it , it was surely miss represented . And yes , I was completely disappointed , to see that it was really only black contact paper , and you could not write on it with the chalk . So , if you are looking to buy , go to the paint department and purchase a can of chalk paint , its a dream and it works and is not nearly as expensive as this misrepresented product .
 I got these because the size would be customizable with contact paper . It 's also a very cheap way to get the most square footage of chalkboard , but it definitely shows . Even unmounted this paper does n't take chalk very well . I put it on wood with a little texture and it would n't take chalk at all .
 Do n't waste your money . It 's contact paper . It rips easy , does n't show the writting with chalk . Go buy a $ 10 can of rustolium chalkboard paint .
 I will preface this with I generally do not like to rate a 1 star and if you read my other reviews will find that I have never done this before.The product is extremely thin , not durable either . The adhesive on the back to stick to the wall or boards etc. was not strong enough for me to even put it up for more than a few hours.I cleaned the wall in the area where I wanted it to be , dried it out and then let it sit until extremely dry.I then applied this to the wall as if it were wallpaper - Rolled it on to make it as perfect as possible . It looked great at first.I wanted to surprise my kiddos once they arrived home from school which was in 2 hours . I then wanted to write something on there . I had white chalk , colored chalk -LRB- school grade -RRB- and sidewalk chalk . All of the chalks would barely show up on the paper which was not something I was excited about . When trying to erase it left awful marks on the paper.I used a slightly damp tissue paper and it worked great!To my dismay when I went to get the kids from school , I checked on the wall -LRB- extremely excited -RRB- and was let down because it was on the floor rolled up and now stuck to itself.This made it extremely difficult to try to unravel with ripping it . It also left crazy creases in it which deemed it useless.I then purchased chalkboard paint which was about 50 % more and it has worked as a charm.I highly recommend you do your research and if possible go to a friends house if they have something similar.I will not tell you to not buy this as it is your money , but just wanted to give a little insight into my experience .
 The quality of the artwork was good , however it leaves an ugly yellow patch where white space should be . This is n't worth the money
 after making 14 t-shirts for my sons hockey team , the shirts all peeled and cracked after being washed -LRB- in cold water -RRB- i was very disappointed with this paper i have always used avery , and i tell you i will go back to avery , i now have 14 shirts that were not very cheap that i can use for rags i ca n't give these shirts to the team now , , , i would n't bother spending my money on this product
 This product leaves an ugly yellow stain where the design is `` white . '' You ca n't wash the yellow out . You ca n't iron it out . Buy the product made by Hanes .
 I was very dissappointed in the xerox iron-on paper . It was too hot to handle , it streched the shirt , and was very difficult to peel .
 I 've always used Avery Glossy or Office Depot Glossy card stock and produced beautiful cards . I decided to try the Xerox Glossy Card Stock because I always thought Xerox was a good product . Horrible ! Spend the extra few dollars and buy quality card stock .
 Suncast C3703 Storage Trends 3-Drawer CabinetI love ordering from amazon but I have to say Wal-mart got you on the gray trend 3-drawer cabinet price . your price -- $ 119.99 Wal-mart -- $ 89.97 Wal-mart pricing is outrageous , but this time you have went overboard on your pricing . Why pay $ 30 more for the same thing . It 's totally ridiculous .
 Cheap stitching , the `` leather '' smells of plastic . Very flimsy , not professional looking at all and DEFINITELY not worth the money . On a positive note , the vendor was very nice on the phone .
 Although I would really like to give this stand three stars , I ca n't give it any more than two . The stand is beautiful , sturdy and does a good job of holding your laptop . Great . It contains a cable routing hole in the rear to keep cables neat . Smart . That said , this product suffers from a single major design flaw that just ca n't be overlooked
 It is too big and bulky . It has no flexability and while I like the undersection where I can store the laptop it actually serves no other purpose . I do n't know what I was thinking when I got it . It is too high to be of value .
 Pro
 This stand does NOT work well for 17 inch laptops . The design is great and everything about it is perfect except for the fact that it does NOT work well with 17 inch laptops . It IS possible to steady your 17 '' laptop on this stand , but if you try to adjust the screen or move it around your laptop can easily fall backwards because it is hanging over the edge . I would NOT recommend this stand for a 17 '' laptop .
 I purchased this `` mStand Laptop Stand '' by Rain Design for my 17 '' MacBook Pro on September 19th , 2010 and it quickly arrived on September 22nd . It was perfect ... the design is sharp , it color matches my MBP perfectly . Here we are 11 days later on Sunday , October 3rd , and the pads that keep the laptop in place have decided they need a break . In other words , the pads are n't doing their job . This morning when I had turned away from my computer , it fell off the stand onto the floor , which of course negates the entire purpose of this stand . This stand is supposed to tilt the backside up so you 're able to use your laptop as a monitor . After purchasing a wireless keyboard and wireless mouse through Amazon.com , I was good to go ! I 've e-mailed Rain Design support hoping this might be a one time fluke only with this stand , because the other reviews for this product have been outstanding .
 Like everyone said , this is a good looking piece of metal . There are rubber grips on the bottom of the stand to prevent it from slipping if you have a smooth table top.There is no height adjustment and I find it a bit low . Rain Design says this functions as a heat sink , but there are also rubber grips on top , which help my MBP stay on , but also prevents it from touching the metal part of the stand . Do n't try to use your notebook keyboard while it is on the stand , which I sometimes do if I 'm too lazy to plug in my usb keyboard/mouse . If you like to slam the keys and trackpad like I do , you will make the whole contraption vibrate . Also , it appears this is made exclusively for macs . I tried to put my PC notebook on it once , but since the bottom edge of most non-mac notebooks are tapered , it just kind of slipped off.I see alot of praise for this stand , but it 's really not all that different from other cheap stand other than it 's made of aluminum . Pretty much all the reputable online vendors price this item within a dollar or two of MSRP , so if a brick/mortar store with a decent return policy is in your area , try that first .
 This product is more like a demo version of another product the company is trying to get you to buy . In order to complete this product you must buy more software online .
 bad comments about this product are correct.trust me you will hate this so much and end up returning it.radio does n't stay tunned , phone gave me `` out of range '' signal all the time even if i was right next to the base unit .
 We like everything about this AM/FM alarm clock w/CD player EXCEPT the radio does not stayed tuned to the channel you are listening to . This is a real problem , and causes us to be dissatisfied with this product overall . Is there anything that can be done to fix this problem ?
 This product is so attractive that when the 1st one I ordered broke within a week I did not learn my lesson . Now the second one no longer works after 5 weeks ---------- I loved everything about it except it 's very short lifespan !
 I purchased this for my daughter . The CD player is sensitive to minor bumps and the AM section of the radio tuner is horible . The FM side is only marginally better but the station had better be either close or very powerful as sensitivity is poor . The controls are overly complex and small to read and adjust . The phone is the only part that seems to work well . I had good luck with a Coby CD player a while back and then bad luck with another product . I 'll be avoiding Coby all together from now on and I recommend that you do too .
 This product has all the bells and whistles , except maybe digital tuning for the radio , but the quality is poor . On the first one we got we could n't read the display on the phone no matter how we adjusted the contrast . Everything else worked fine . We exchanged it for another , and this one 's phone kept losing the dial tone . Per the instructions we unplugged it and removed the battery to reset it . It would work for a while then do it again . In my experience , it worked okay if you do n't need the phone .
 Nothing but the alarm clock part even worked . The CD player never worked and the phone was constantly changing channels making horrible sounds from static to ear piercing squeaks . The concept was great , but the quality was so poor I 'm not even risking an exchange to see if it was a lemon .
 This product was purchased last Christmas for my mother ... It has never worked correctly ! The cordless phone always from day one had a lot of static . The cd player kept skipping on brand new cds from day one ! The lights on the side would come on for no reason at all ... I DO NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL !!!
 The phone never worked well , and today it just stopped working . You pick it up and there is only noise . No line , just noise . It was never a good phone and it has only being used a little over a year , it 's useless now .
 Nothing like writing out a character and looking at it and realizing that half the lines did n't make a mark . Very frustrating to use . Gets two stars because they 're cheap and you could leave them out at a business and people would n't be very tempted to take them home .
 These pens are miserable . I am making sporadic edits to a paper with these pieces of trash and they ca n't even make it from the top of the page to the bottom . I see a lot of positive reviews listing them as `` cheap '' and that 's one thing I agree with.Pens do n't come much cheaper than this , and it shows in the quality of the product . They seem to dry/clog up instantly , and it is impossible to maintain a train of thought with there constant ineptitude , grinding the gears to a halt.What 's worse is that once one of these pestilent pens calls it quits , there 's nothing you can do with the abomination except throw it away . Thus , the cheaply made pen is purchased at an inflated rate , performs cheaply , and then makes it 's most prominent impact on the world -- not as a writing device , but as another poisonous piece of plastic , sent to join a landfill or float in an ocean
 The package contained 10 pens . The front label says &#34; Writes first time , every time ! &#34; I tried all 10 pens and only 2 would write .
 I was disappointed in my purchase . The picture on the box was not what I received.The color is almost a pink instead of a nice red.Ann
 I ordered this stuff in April 3rd . It promised to ship to me at 5th . But today is 11th , I still did n't get it.Where is it ????!!!
 Gooeydoo Books never filled this order
 Machine Broke down Jan2011 and I dumped it ! Not reliable ! Chinese Product ! AVOIDGood for Quiet Area and only 2-3 sheets maximum , Slow & Quiet ! I have 2 folders . Other is for up to 5 sheets , LOUD AND FAST , GOOD FOR BACK ROOM AWAY FROM OTHERS.I process 1000-3000 sheets a month for letters and about all of that is folded for envelopes.Paralegal and Escrow processor for repos ! So you know my `` demand '' is high at this time with repos & foreclosures !
 I hated it in minutes , threw it way within months . Not worth the packaging it came in .
 I really did n't have too high hopes for the APF300 paper folder since it was so inexpensive ... and that was good since it started to `` eat '' papers and/or unevenly make folds on the second day of light use . By the third day it refused to shut off and constantly ran when plugged in -LRB- it is supposed to `` autostart '' when a paper is inserted in the feed slot -RRB- . It is too inexpensive and too heavy of a product to be worth my time/money to return . We will take the loss and chalk it up as a life lesson ... you get what you pay for . We will be buying a more expensive one in the very near future.I do not recommend this product .
 This device is a piece of junk . It eats at least 1 out of 4 letters that it folds . Within a few months , having only used it a handful of times , the cheap rubberbands from inside it started to snap and fall apart . I would n't use this machine even if you gave me a brand new one .
 Just bought this and it has yet to fold 1 piece of paper correctly . i have gone through about 20 sheets of paper so far . fed one by one . what am i doing wrong ? DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 The initial excitement wore off after the 6th phone call to customer support/technical service . I got conflicting and confusing information ranging from how long I wait , during a reset , before plugging in my Vonage Device/Phone adapter/Broadband Router ... pick your terminolgy because the Vonage folks are consistently inconsistent ... to exactly where I was in the number transfer process.Bottom line is that after three days , hours on the phone , at least half of which was on hold listening to them try to sell me more stuff , recommending cliche solutions to my no dial-tone problem , and playing THE MOST ANNOYING HOLD MUSIC EVER , they decided the problem was with my new , never-been-a-problem-before house wiring and that I need to get 5.8 MhZ VoiP cordless phones.The only plus is the remarkable patience shown by `` Kevin '' in New Delhi , and `` Prakash '' in Detroit.In the full embrace of a Polly-Annaesque Denial Syndrome , I 'm calling AT&T ; Call Vantage next before I forget the whole miserable idea.Phil
 Initially I was enthusiastic about this service . I read an article in Newsweek , looked over their slick website and was excited . I also read all the Amazon reviews here . Most were fairly positive so I decided to give it a try.The negative things in these reviews are very true . The audio quality is not as good as a standard landline - it sounds tinny and there is a tendency for talk-over in conversations . Technical support is nearly impossible to reach . My primary problem was a lack of dial tone when picking up the phone . This required me to manually unplug the modem they provided to re-set it . Tech support was unable to resolve this issue which started happening daily so I returned the service.Tech support gave me a trial extension beyond the initial 14 day money back guarantee yet Vonage still changed me for a month of service and will not refund $ 37.50 . They say this is because I went 165 minutes over the 250 minute trial limit.AVOID THE HASSLE AND SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 Vonage or the VoIP industry is not there yet ... Unless you have are sitting on a T1 line . I installed VoIP on both a DSL as well as a Cable Modem . While the cable modem installation was relatively simple , DSL made me jump through hoops and spends hours on line with the Service Reps.The actual service itself is spotty . And why not . Most of the broadbands offer download speeds in MBytes but restrict the upload to few KBytes . There is a considerable delay while talking and considerable choppiness . Most of my phone calls ended my friends asking me to hang up and call from a land line . Its frustrating like using the analog cell phones in bad areas.The returns or changes in plans were no easy either . Read the fine print they charge you for every single change in plan and also for your returns . I believe Vonage makes most of its profits from these fine print related charges.Final verdict , I would recommend waiting for Verizon or AT&T ; to launch their VoIP and then wait for positive feedback from early adopters to subscribe to the service .
 I am a systems integrator . I work with data , phone , TV and security systems everyday . I set up systems for colleges and hotels . I tried Vonage for our new office phone system . I could not get it to ring through consistently . Calls were not completed , some were dropped . For one week I had no phones at all . Customers would write e-mail or call my cell phone to ask if we were still in business . They would get messages saying that my number was disconnected or that it was not valid.I spent over 11 hours on-line or on hold trying to get help , most of it on hold . When I called to cancel service I told them that I needed to keep the number and it would take a few days for the phone company to connect me again . They cut me off right then . I had no phone service . Qwest could not reconnect me with that number unless it was active . I had to spend 3 hours trying to get Vonage to activate the number again . Then they gave me a temporary number for 3 days , which no one knew to call , before I got my old number and same crappy service back . When I was finally connected to a land line again they gave me a $ 12.50 credit for my troubles.Vonage should be put out of business . They ruined mine for almost a month . They have a cruddy product , lousy service and tech support and terrible business practices.If you have to choose between two cans and a string and Vonage , take the cans and string . You 'll be happier with the service .
 Vonage promises , but does n't deliver . I have Vonage 's deluxe business package with a dedicated fax line . On the fax line , when incoming faxes call , the fax tones are n't passed through
 Two things you should know before buying this product :1 -RRB- The CEO of this company , Jeff Citron , was fined 22.5 million dollars for stock manipulation -LRB- source
 Do n't want to deal with this service provider again in the future . Do n't be fooled by their Terms of service agreement -LRB- which is 10 pages long -RRB- and read the fine print carefully before accepting the service . They charge for everything and ridiculosly charge you a disconnection fee of $ 40 if you decided to get rid of them , Be careful and think twice before trying this service.I am glad to see that Amazon pulls this item from their inventory : -RRB-
 I have the newest version of the Vonage phone adapter . It was given to me by them for free when I threated to cancel because their Wifi phone had a connection worse than a cell phone . Anyway , the adapter is just as bad . I can hear people fine but people ca n't hear me , my voice pauses or becomes static . I am cancelling Vonage once and for all . By the way , their customer service is the absolute worst I 've ever experienced . The good thing is that it 's a very cheap phone service but what 's the point if you ca n't have a conversation with anyone ?
 If you are considering using Vonage , avoid this router . On my network it would occasionally cause the WAN connection to drop -LRB- although my LAN connection would be fine -RRB- . This meant I could n't access the Internet sporadically . When I removed the VT1005v from my network , it worked fine . It did not matter if I had the unit in front of the firewall or behind it.If you put the unit in front of your firewall , you 'll run into a host of other problems . Its port forwarding interface is awful with very few options , and the DMZ option it gives does n't work.When the system was not dropping my Internet connection , it worked fine . I have no complaints with Vonage . This phone adapter , on the other hand , is terrible .
 It works and it is easy to set up -LRB- almost plug and play -RRB- , but sound quality is bad on intl calls and sometimes impossible to connect to cell phones overseas . Local calls quality is acceptable , but for local calls it is cheaper my local phone provider.It DOES NOT work well on DSL lines , as upload speeds are always in the low 100 's ... if you have an upload speed of less than 250 and download of less than 500 , you will have a very bad line with lot of noise.Still a better alternative -LRB- if your main issue is to reduce your bill on Intl calls -RRB- is to buy calling cards you are familiar with . Not as convenient but you can connect when you want and at a low price.Customer service
 If you are sure Vonage will work with your ISP , go for it . But if not , beware ! I ended up wasting over $ 150 and many hours of dealing with their technical support staff only to find out that Vonage is not compatible with my ISP . Their customer service is terrible . They do n't respond to e-mails and the phone service is slow and poor .
 My experience with Vonage has been terrible . The only thing good I can say about them is that they are the cheapest VoIP provider.-They charge both a setup and a cancellation fee.-Their Web site is inaccessible for large portions of the day.-The customer service is the worst customer service I have ever encountered . The hold times are in the range of 40-45 minutes , you end up talking to people in India who have no idea how to help you and are powerless to do anything.-My phone number transfer took over three months , even though they said it would take 20 days max . I had to submit a complaint with the FCC for them to transfer my phone number . Apparently this happens to a lot of people and submitting an FCC complaint is the best way to get it resolved.-The voice quality is terrible , even when you are not downloading anything . You can hear people fine , but they can not hear you . I have called people only to have them hang up on me because they can not hear me talking . It is far worse than a cell phone.-If you have any servers , then you have to position the Vonage modem behind your router , which prevents VoIP packet prioritization.-If you are not comfortable configuring routers and firewalls , stay away from VoIP until it gets better.You may wish to consider a Vonage competitor if your phone is important to you .
 I tried Vonage and the quality was terrible . I could n't hear the person at the other end half the time . Then I tried Packet8 and it worked perfectly . I 've had my Packet8 plugged in for months and never had to reboot it even once . The Vonage always froze up - sometimes in the middle of a call . Needless to say , I sent it back . Not recommended at all . Packet8 works much better with quality thats even better than my regular phone line .
 Please , I beg of you , do not get involved with Vonage . I must have spent 4 hours waiting on hold to reach customer service , billing , and number transfer . The only person I was able to speak to after 2 months was someone in the cancelation department ! Get this , there is a $ 40 chage for canceling the service hidden in the contract !! While the device itself works , everything about Vonage is underhanded . All I can say is do n't do it ...
 I had Vonage since April , 2006 . I finally switched back to Qwest after unending problems and hours and hours on the phone -LRB- my cell phone , as my Vonage line did n't work -RRB- with tech support . Here is my experience :1 -RRB- It took about 2 months and about 2 hours on the phone for them to switch my existing phone # over to Vonage . Do n't be too excited about getting the first month free - if your moving an existing number it will take about that long to get it switched over .2 -RRB- After my number was finally switched over , outgoing calls were constantly being dropped after about 20-30 seconds . Incoming calls would also be dropped occasionally after about a minute . This resulted in having to call the person back , saying `` sorry the call was dropped - we switched to this cheaper phone service and have been having problems ... `` This is with the highest speed cable internet service available -LRB- 8mbps download , 600kbps upload -RRB- and a wireless ` g ' system which has provided top notch internet service consistently while I had Vonage problems . I spent no less than 4 - 5 calls and over 5 hours on the phone with tech support trying to fix the problem . After talking with tech support , sometimes the problem would be fixed temporarily - while I was on the phone with them - but return shortly thereafter .3 -RRB- As a result of the problems I had , I asked to be credited for the months in which my phone service was not working . Be warned , they are very hard-nosed about providing any credits for poor or no service . I spoke to a tech support person about getting a credit for a month of no service , and he told me to wait until the problem had been fixed so they could determine how much credit should be given . After the problem had been fixed -LRB- temporarily -RRB- , I called back and they told me they could only provide credit for the current month , not previous months of no or poor service . THEY ARE NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY ABOUT PROVIDING REFUNDS FOR POOR OR NO SERVICE .4 -RRB- Finally , in September , still with dropped calls from Vonage , I switched back to Qwest to get reliable phone service . I found customer service there has improved and is much better than Vonage . And they gave me 3 months free promotion for coming back.In the end , I am happy to pay the extra $ 10/month -LRB- after the first 3 months free -RRB- to get phone service that works . I notice that $ 5 of the extra cost is for fees , etc. that the phone company has to charge but Vonage does not , which is unfortunate . In any case , I guess you get what you pay for.One last thing
 I too had a horrible experience when I needed help to set up service . After hours waiting on the phone and getting a different answer every time , I cancelled service . I still have not gotten a credit on my credit card and it has been 6 weeks . I have been calling about this and again , 15-30 minutes wait time and a different excuse every time . Unless you have a lot of free time on your hands and want to spend it on hold waiting for a Vonage representative who will say anything to get rid of you , DO N'T SIGN UP .
 This may be a perfectly good phone , and I 've had great success with other Uniden products . But Amazon 's specifications for this product describe it as `` headset compatible '' . This phone has no headset jack , and is most definitely NOT headset compatible . Since I require a headset , you can imagine how happy I am with this product .
 Would of been great to receive so I could of gotten some use of it
 I was excited when I saw the price because I 'd been looking for a cheap cordless that had an answering machine . I love the answering machine and the features that come with it . My problem is with the headset ; it is very hard to hear the person on the other end . I have to have the volume all the way up , but then I have to talk softly because I 'll hear myself YELLING and can BARELY hear the person on the other end . I have to be in a quiet room with no kids , TV or dogs to hear and use this phone , and most of the time , that just is n't possible .
 When I first bought this phone about six months ago , I thought I was getting a good deal , but I was wrong . The phone picked up a lot of static and the battery has a very short life , only a couple hours off the charger then it wo n't work .
 I bought this phone on a whim without doing my usual product research and boy , have I learned my lesson ! Thinking I had found a good deal I bought this phone basically as a second handset -LRB- I already have an answering machine -RRB- . Unfortunately the first time I used it I could barely the hear the voice on the other end and the static was incredible . Since then I 've moved things about and looked for sources of interference , but nothing has worked thus far and I 've come to the conclusion that this phone is just a dud.Next time I 'll be sure to do my research , and although Uniden has failed me this time , the other Uniden Cordless I use -LRB- model
 I use a headset with this phone for meeting and both phones that I bought ended up static and the person on the line couldnt hear me cause the hole that the headset fits into is defective . 2 phones in two years and same problem in both of them . I recommend spending a little more for a better quality phone .
 I could n't hear well at all from this phone and the volume does not go up very high . I have returned two of them . Maybe good just for a second phone or something but I was n't impressed . Just spring for a little better one in the 2.4 GHz range and save the time and effort !
 Battery discharges only in 30 minutes of talking . I personally never recommend this item . Answering machine is good but battery is worst .
 I had a VTech phone that lasted me 3 years before I spilled water on it and had to get a new phone . So I went out and got this Uniden phone without really researching any phones beforehand . It lasted a couple months before one day , it stopped working . I could n't recieve or make calls , or get messages on my answering machine . I tried everything the website and owners manual said and called their customer support line and the lady told me to send it to Texas to be repaired -LRB- I 'm in Virginia -RRB- . So I decided to just forget about it and buy a new phone . Needless to say , I 'm not buying Uniden anymore .
 The phone has too much static unless you 're sitting right next to the console , in which case you might has well have a corded phone .
 now that I have this phone for a while , I would say that the only good things about this phone is the size and the price . I read reviews on amazon before I purchased this phone . I still wonder how Uniden phones got so many positive reviews . This one definitely sucks .
 There is a lot of static when using the phone . Called customer service and went through 3 steps they gave me to correct the problem but the problem is still there . Very frustrating trying to use a phone with static interference .
 one phone of the set di n't have caller id information , other one died after trying to talk for just a few secondsthis by far was worst phone i ever triedsent it backwaiting on credit to appear on my charge card .
 The voice quality is poor . Despite the volume control the voices are muffled . The problem is compounded when using the hands free set .
 I bought this for the low price , and the 900 mhz which `` should n't '' interfere with my 802.11 b/g network . . However it does ... so it makes the item pretty useless to me now ... I have a GE Model 5-623 that is 2.4 ghz and works wonderfully with my network . . I am going to go back to using that . .
 The phone is simply unusable . The volume level changes abruptly every few seconds from adequate to absolutely inaudible , then back again , making it impossible to carry on a conversation . This happens at anytime of the day or night , so it unlikely that local cultural interference on the 900 MHz band is responsible . Both handsets behave in the same erratic way.Three emails of increasing intensity were sent to Uniden customer service , but they never replied . I can understand a product slipping through their quality control , but not their unwillingness to address a customer complaint . No more Uniden for me .
 The cheap price for these phones should tip you off that they are junk . The battery life is terrible , both my batteries are going dead . Plus , if one of the phones go dead while talking it blanks out your phone line so you have to unplug the phone cord to the unit . You can barely read the caller ID display and you can only use one phone at a time . You can transfer a call to the other phone but it 's a hassle .
 I ordered these phones as I like the older 900MHZ phones . They were attractive and stylish but when we hooked them up they fuzz with every movement . The distsance for these on a perfectly clear day that is n't agravating is about four feet and you ca n't hear the other person . Turned up all of the way they are amazingly quiet.What a waste of money.I am so disapointed with this product.Shame on Uniden for ever producing anything that simply does not work . I have bought their products since they opened their doors and nothing but . Man , not anymore .
 If you like the sound of static and enjoy moving around so you can get a clearer signal , then this is the phone for you.People often ask if I am on my cell phone because the reception is so bad . Do n't waste your money . I would never buy a Uniden product again
 These are lovely little phones , but for us they have almost zero range and a tremendous amount of interference noise . Changing channels has no effect . No local reason , just a suburban home with no electical or industrial problems around . I have other Uniden cordless 900 MHz phones that are superb , but these guys have something wrong . I had two sets of them and both were awful performers . Save yourself some grief and look further . Amazon treated us superbly on the transaction , not their fault the phones are so weak .
 I am actually on Amazon to buy another dual handset phone to replace this set!For the money and someone who does not talk alot or need the anti-static , anti-noise/privacy option , this * could * possibly be a good phone.My gripes about this set : Interference
 THIS IS THE WORST PHONE WE HAVE EVER HAD YOU CAN NOT HEAR ANYTHING YOU CAN NOT HANG ON WALL THIS PHONE WAS RATED # 1 WITH CONSUMER REPORTS I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE
 THIS WAS THE WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER HAD . THE STATIC ON THE LINE WAS SO BAD THAT I COULD HARDLEY HEAR THE PERSON I WAS TALKING TO . THAT IS WHY I RETURNED THEM .
 I Bought this phone for my mother . She wanted this one because consumer reports gave it `` Best Buy '' rating . She hates it . It has a real problem with static .
 The base station phone is wonderful , However , the remote is quite poor and we find we only use it to hear the ring , then go to another phone to talk .
 The idea behind this phone is fantastic . One thing that annoyed me was that you ca n't have both phones on at the same time so that two people can speak from your home -LRB- this seems like it should be technically feasible -RRB- . Worse , is that when a phone 's battery dies , if the phone is on -LRB- i.e. you were speaking on it -RRB- , it ties up the line for up to half an hour afterwards and disconnecting it does n't help . This has been an issue for several glitches . But all this was worth living with until opne of the phones just died -LRB- and it was n't the battery as I switched it out -RRB- . That happened abround six months ago -LRB- I bought in May 2004 -RRB- - so it has a life of two years . I am down to one phone and it has developed an annoying whining that seems to be random . If you know people with other brands that have lasted them longer , go with those .
 This was a problem phone right out of the box . The second handset never worked . The volume gets softer and softer all by itself . A complete waste of money , I did n't even bother sending it back for a replacement . It was not worth the effort and I did n't want them selling it to someone else . BEWARE
 I 've had one problem after another with this phone . The cordless extension has static , probably due to wireless internet interference . Other times , the phone dies without any explanation . There are much better phones on the market .
 When used with a headset I can barely hear the other person.Adjusting the volume only seems to increase the sound of the ambient room noise that the mic pics up.I 'm NOT happy.I 've tried 2 different model headsets . Both behave the same.The headsets have excellent sound quality and volume on a Toshiba phone I 've been using for awhile.I should have bought locally ...
 The worst . Bad reception in the house where other Uniden 900 MHz phones had worked before . I will have to give them away . I wasted my money on these phones and have replaced them with some 2.4 GHz Uniden phones that work well.Sorry I bought them
 I bought this phone based on Consumer Reports 's recommendation , so I had high hopes for it . Unfortunately , it has given us non-stop problems , and when I contacted customer service at Uniden I was told that I must either be without my phone for about 2 weeks -LRB- two weeks in real time , 7 business days -RRB- for repairs or pay them $ 10.95 to receive a replacement phone in advance of shipping my defective phone back . Here are the details.The problem with the phoneAt random intervals for a period of 1-2 seconds , the outgoing voice will be replaced by static . It happens with both handsets , so the problem must be in the base . I have placed the base away from electronic devices -LRB- at least 10 ft -RRB- , and it has had no effect , so I 'm pretty certain the problem is with the base and not external to it . In addition , our previous 900 MHz phone did not have any interference problems of this type . Even if we are charitable and assume the problem is with something in my home that is creating the interference , I would still have to conclude that the design of the base is poor since my previous phone did not have the problem.The problem with customer serviceI called customer service twice , the second time speaking with a supervisor . In both cases I waited for about 20 minutes before my call was answered . When I explained the problem , I was told that I would have to send my phone back for repair and that it would take two weeks . I said this was not a good solution because I would be without a phone during that 2 week period and would need to buy a new phone , so why bother with the repair . I was then told I could pay $ 10.95 for an advance shipment of a replacement phone , which would allow me to ship back the defective phone after the new phone arrived . I complained that it seemed unfair for me to pay for the shipping since they would have shipped the repaired phone to me at their expense if I were willing to go for two weeks without a phone . -LRB- Either way , I absorb the cost of shipping the defective phone back to them , which is fine . -RRB- I was told that is their policy , period . I explained why it seemed unfair and was told that is our policy . I explained it would be better for their long term health as a company to be more fair because I would explain to others how they were treating their customers . That is their policy . So ... that is their policy , and you have a choice about whether to purchase products from them . I would advise against it .
 Both phones have the same problem , very weak , tunnel-like reception , while other party hears loud and clear . Unusable . I called the company and was told to send them back for repair . So far , I have been too disgusted to do so . It is n't worth the aggravation and expense . This set was recommended by Consumer Reports . I paid 30 bucks and the next week the single phone was on sale at Benny 's for 10 bucks .
 It 's a big piece of junk . Worth nothing . Sorry that I ordered it.EXP971MC 900MHz Cordless Phone EXP971MC 900MHz Cordless Phone Black
 did not have a good experience with these . i called my wife at home and although she could hear me fine i could hardly understand what she was saying , transmission very distorted . we tried moving base to different locations and talking in various rooms . nothing worked to improve outgoing clarity . i was very surprised because my research showed that uniden had a great reputation . needless to say i have returned these .
 We bought 2 sets , each for a separate phone line . On about half the calls , we could barely be heard , although we could hear the other party fine . This happened on both lines , all 4 phones.Support was highly accessible -LRB- that 's why I did not have the heart to give only 1 star -RRB- but they could not solve the problem . We followed their advice to eliminate `` interference '' , but to no avail.We had to return the units and we installed Panasonic KX-TG2314 units instead . They work great in the same configuration as the Unidens . The Panasonics are much larger but actually more comfortable to handle.Our previous experience with Uniden has been excellent and my guess is that this was just the result of a bad day on the production line . Since we ordered both units together they probably both came from one bad lot .
 I was so impressed initially with the features and price not to mention the looks of this phone . After -LRB- grudgingly -RRB- reading the entire owners manual -LRB- I did ` nt want to miss any options it offered -RRB- , i excitedly programmed the phones after charging all 4 . They only worked well for 5 minutes . Whenever a phone became unplugged for moving , they would not accept calls nor allow dialing . Finally after spending much time trying to reregister or follow other advice in the manual , I gave up solving the problem on my own and called customer service . I talked to 4 techs who were sure they gave me the right advice only to hang up and find out they still would ` nt work . I even tried talking direct to someone in repair to no avail . Lastly , in my last attempt in vain , I e-mailed the website and was guaranteed a reply in 3 days . Who wants to wait another 3 days after charging the battery for one day , wasting another 2 days talking to techies who have no idea of what they are talking about and being on hold for at least 15 minutes each time . I was e-mailed several times taking a few more days and the phone never got up and running . Its going back to the store !!!! PS the buttons are too small .
 I purchased this phone a few months ago anticipating that I was going to get my cable 's voice . So I purchased this phone and 3 expandable phones . I decided not to get the cable 's voice , so I decided to use these phones anyway . The main phone being in the kitchen . It is a nice set up because the other phones just need a outlet to run . So since I had 5 phones altogether I put a phone in rooms I normally do n't . Like the dining room and living room , the extra bedroom and bathroom I kept my old phone a V = tech in my bedroom , because it had all of the numbers I used programmed in it . I was just too lazy to program another phone . And the other V-tech in the other bedroom.Well everything was going great until my little dog who likes to go behind my bed pulled the jack from the wall rendering my 2 V-Techs unusable . So I said I will just use one of the Uniden phones in my room and the other bedroom until I can get the jack repaired . Before that the most the Uniden was used was in the kitchen which usually is the phone people answer just to say the phone is for someone else . And it was used in the spare bedroom where my teenaged Nephew was in while he was visiting me , or I thought it was being used . So I brought the phone in the dining room into my bedroom . It was the first time anyone would use the phone for long periods of time.Let me say this . Using smoke signals would of been better .1 - The headset is too small . If you have the phone to your ear people have a hard time hearing you because evidently the microphone in the mouth piece was made by a toy company . Cell phone are small but I never had to move the mouth part down to my mouth when I taked and move it to my ear when i wanted to hear . I would be on the phone and people would complain they could not hear me and they would call back , thinking something was wrong with the connection . Wrong nothing was wrong with the connection something is wrong with the phone2 - The reception is like being on a cell phone where no towers are around . I kept on going in and out of range without me moving around . A few calls actually dropped out and I was disconected .3 - The intercom bell not only rings on the phone you are paging it rings on your phone too . Rendering you deaf because your ear is on the phone waiting for the other person to pick up4-Why do n't they use the talk button to use the intercom instead of the select button ? 5-Most phones use the # button to redial a number with a area code . the # button does somethong but I ca n't figure out what it is . This phone you use the star button6 - I thought if I used the speaker phone the problem with the mouthpiece would be cleared up . NOT ! The speaker phone was fine until the bad reception kicked in , which usually happenns a few minutes into a call.I see a lot of people love this phone . And that is one of the reasons I purchased it . I usually have no probems with Uniden either . But this phone got me so mad that I was tempted to throw it against the wall a few times . One hint I should of taken that the phone was no good is after my nephew left I noticed he was using a old Hello Kitty hard line phone . I would normally say it was a bad batch but it was every single Uniden phone ! My V tech is a bigger phone around a year old and I never knew how much I missed that phone and even that old Hello Kitty phone until I had to use the Uniden . The 2 stars is because I like the phone can be expanded and only a outlet has to be used with the expansion phones .
 I LOVE the features of this phone but everyone I have spoken to have stated I sound like I am speaking under water although I could hear them loud and clear . So I will be returning the phone and my search for a good cordless phone continues .
 I would have rated this a 4 until I realized that all three handsets have a flaw . None of the battery level indicators work . That is , they let you know when it 's full after first charge but do not lower as the battery power goes down . Also , there is no indication at all prior to the phone going dead during a call . This is a problem on all three of my handsets so it 's an issue with all of them or at least a batch . This is very disappointing to me . I 'm debating on sending these back but that 's such a hassle . . The only way to see the battery level is to unplug the battery and plug it back in . It will then give you and accurate battery level at that instant in time . If you buy these , plan on keeping the handsets on the base to make sure you are always at a good charge before making or taking a call .
 Ca n't use this phone in our kitchen and run appliances like microwave , TV , etc. . Called to question Uniden , and they said any cordless phone will interfere with appliances and that none should be used near any -LRB- ??? -RRB- . Whatever . This phone sucks . Sounds tinny , and many people tell me they have trouble hearing me . I would not purchase this if I had to do it over again - total waste of money and nerves . Still unplugging and plugging back in to watch TV , etc. .
 For starters , I have no hearing impairment . I purchased this for my mother-in-law who has very poor hearing . I tested it before giving it to her , and promptly returned it to Amazon.There are loud , cyclical static blasts when the phone is in use , even without using the DEAFENING burst feature . I tried -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- changing channels and adjusting the tone and volume to correct this issue . Voices , including my own , sounded tinny and barely recognizable . There is a faint echo of my own voice , and sometimes of the person whom I have called . Very unpleasant to use ... The phone is very bulky and heavy.The good things
 Within a week Telepnoe stopped working . First , I thought Battery is dead so I went to Walmart paid $ 15 for new battery . Still phone did not work . I called the company technical assistace . Technicain within in minutes sounded resigened with the fact that nothing can be done . He said return to them and suggested I should replace with model -LRB- I beleive 5100 , one with caller ID , but only by paying more -RRB- . I asked how many of the current modle compalints you have received and why new model -LRB- the only change is + CID -RRB- will work better ? He could not not answer the questions . I decided to return it to Amazon -LRB- at least saved my postage ! -RRB- . I would not recommend this company for any of it 's products -LRB- although my opinion is based on one item -RRB- but company 's own personel dose not sound confident in answereing questions of their own products . BTW , tone system -LRB- should change voice quality -RRB- in the phone is also nonfuctional !
 This phone is awful ! I had been previously using a Siemens cordless , which was exceptionally good for 4 years until my wife dropped it in the toilet one last time -LRB- it survived other such incedents -RRB- . I was looking for a phone with speaker on the handset and found this one . I do n't know much about the power of the phone , but I do know that this phone produces a terrible signal most of the time . Our relatives are always complaining that the signal is broken and choppy . When I call to speak to my wife I can barely make out what she 's saying . It is n't like that all the time , but probably 80 % of the time . I do run wireless internet from a router and do n't know if that has anything to do with it . The phone is small and light , which is good . I need this phone for basic needs and it does n't fulfill me what-so-ever . I will not buy a Uniden again .
 The product itself works ok . I bought the set of a base with 4 hand sets . But the batteries are terrible , they do not last NOTHING ! and they have that special connection and packing that makes it really difficult to adquire new batteries , you can not get them from any grossery store . You actually have to order them from Asia to be shipped to the US ... Only for the batteries that still is giving me hard times , I do not recommend this product . Find other phone that uses commercial batteries .
 I purchased the AT&T 2320 phone system with three expansion phones -LRB- AT&T 2300 2.4 GHz DSS -RRB- approximately two years ago . The system worked great for the first year with good sound quality and easy conferencing . However , over the last several months we have noticed that several of the number pads on the phones are difficult to press or simply do n't work at all . As an adult-only home we expected the phones to last longer since we were n't using them excessively or treating them roughly . We are down to only one workable handset in which the numbers do not stick . I would not purchase this product again .
 I purchased this phone as a primary answering machine in my home based on my two previous Unidens that I loved and have come to regret it . It 's a flimsy machine with poor audio quality . What drives me nuts is the volume - I can barely hear others , but when I speak I feel like my own voice is blasting my eardrum . If I decrease the volume I have a hard time hearing the person on the other end - increase it and I have to hold the phone away from my head when I speak . Nowhere near the quality of the other -LRB- more expensive -RRB- Unidens . It was so cheap I did n't get around to returning it to Amazon . Oh well , lesson learned . Now I 'm going to buy a Panasonic .
 Shame on Uniden for making this piece of junk . I bought it October 4th and the unit died completely on Christmas eve ... under 3 months later . While I have n't tried contacting Uniden -LRB- I 'm writing this on Christmas day -RRB- , it 's really not worth the hassle of having it fixed . It was only $ 25 , but for even that much it shoud have lasted longer than 2.5 months . I 've loved Uniden in the past , but those have always been their more expensive models which all have great sound quality and have lasted years . This model was purchased merely because I am living away from home for several months and decided my cell phone just was n't cutting it so I decided to get a home line and an inexpensive phone with an answering machine . Guess I should have just spent another $ 25 to get something that would actually last . : \
 I purchased this phone back in January of this year . I died in June !!! The company wanted me to pay for shipping to have it repaired . Since it only cost around 25 dollars , I just went and purchased a different phone . It is pretty bad that it did not even last a year !!! I have had Vtech phones before , and they have worked pretty well for me . Stay away from this one ... it 's a lemon !
 Read the reviews for the Black model . There are more negative comments then the positive one .
 I bought these for my Avery eGrip pens , which I love , but appear to have been discontinued . The refills are a bit too long , so I cut them down and they fit perfectly . They ran out of ink quickly , tho , and the ink does not flow smoothly over the paper . Just a so-so product that I will not buy again .
 the product is what I ordered but when I ordered other things with Amazon that amounted over 25.00 I thought I would get free shipping , but I guess this was not included and got ripped off by having the company charging me a huge amount for shipping this small little item , I would not have ordered it in the beginning if I could have found some refills locally , so watch out for the shipping charge and do n't be stupid like me .
 Ordered the satin HP paper . Price was great and it shipped on time . Paper does not lay flat after printing and you have to be VERY careful that you do not get fingerprints on the paper before printing . It smudges after printing and sometimes has little random spots where the ink does not stay . I will stick with just plain glossy photo paper from now on .
 i like these items however the picture is quite deceiving it seems like i should be getting three and i only get one
 We ordered this in the beginning of December ... and never got it . How disappointing ! NO WAY to track it . Do n't trust this company .
 This item is not what the picture sells . You would think with the picture that you are buying three and that is not the case
 The ad should have made it clear that you would only recieve one .
 So , I was looking for a letter opener and I bought this one . Because I failed to read the `` sold Singly '' at the end of the title -LRB- it 's a very long title -RRB- , I was suprised when I received just one and not three of them -LRB- as the product image shows -RRB- . Because of this a let a negative rating commenting that `` Product image shows three pieces and you receive only one . `` Immediatly I get this response in the Seller 's feedbak page at amazon : Seller Response
 DHCP does not workStatic IP does not stay when unpluggedMost of the settings are not applied during configurationNo default IP or `` emergency '' configuration.This is the worst ATA that I have every owned and had the misfortune of using.Avoid at any cost .
 I dont care which router you buy from Vonage , you will certainly regret it . I have had Vonage for about 4 years now and once a year no matter what , your router will go bad and you will have to get on the phone with these people . The customer service could no be any worse . My router stopped working again for about the 5th time since i started the service . Today I was on the phone for more than an hour and the rep told me that if I had any more problems that they would not be able to replace my router again . Please keep in mind that they have never replaced a router for free since the very first year . I have never , never been so frustrated in my life with any other customer service . Not to mention the fact that my phone will be down for about 7 days while I wait for my new equipment . The service is so bad , that the last time this happened I didnt even bother calling customer service until I know I had about 1.5 hrs free to deal with them . Trust me , it is not worth it in my opinion . As soon as I get this new eqipment , i will throw it on ebay and go back to my old hardline service . Even if you see good reviews on here , I can assure you that those people are new to the service and have not had to deal with them on the phone yet . Buyer beware , buy at your own risk .
 I called vonage to cancel my service , it was 3 days before the 2 year contract expiration , told them to just waive the fee . Would not do it , the rep said that the systems are run by computers and nothing could be changed , ridicules !!! So , told them to not disconnect me , since I could wait the 3 days . They disconnected on that same day and charged me $ 40 , these people are crooks .
 I 'll tell you why I hate this service so much :1 . Major downtime - I lost service for more than 10 days within the past year2 . Sound quality - very loud static , especially when bandwidth is consumed -LRB- like when someone is online -RRB- 3 . 15 minute or longer wait time to get a service rep4 . Penalties - $ 40 to cancel within 2yearsI canceled this service and bought the Ooma . $ 250 one time cost , NO service fees and no downtime . I 've been using it for 2 months now . Plus Ooma has far better sound quality and all the features of Vonage .
 We signed up with Vonage a couple of months ago . Setting up the D-Link adapter was a snap and I had a dial tone quickly . After several days , my line was ported and I thought everthing was ok.That was until I tried calling my dad several times and he just hung up on me . I heard his side clearly , but all he heard was static . Others complained about our connection too . Vonage support helped me change a few things on my account to take care of those problems.However , I still have not been able to use my computer modem to fax . I have tried multiple tips to get it to work , and still no luck . Calling Vonage 's tech support is horrible . Long wait to talk with someone who does n't speak good English nor has a clue about what to do with your problems.The worst part is that Vonage makes you sign up for a contract . If it was n't for that , people would flee in droves . I think it will get better , but it has a way to go
 This phone adapter is hard to use . It does not come with instructions and does not have a way to put in a static IP . You can not hook up a computer to it so you better have a router .
 Feels cheap , uses 2 hard-to-find batteries , and dust builds up inside of the display . Oh , and the door easily broke on mine .
 I purchased an english spanish dictionary for $ 99.95 . When I recieved my package it was not what I ordered . The seller told me an `` updated '' one was sent to me . I have told the seller I was interested in the item on the page I saw and provided a link to the page . The seller told me I would have to pay $ 300.00 more for an exchange . But clearly the price was $ 99.95 on the page . So I returned for a refund paying $ 8.00 for postage . The item was recieve to the seller on September 15,2006 . I asked for a refund the seller told me she did not recieve the item . I continuous wrote to the seller numerous times and even provided the tracking number which provided the item was recieved to the seller on September 15 at 9:22 am . Over three weeks passed and the seller still told me she did not recieve my return . I has a file a claim to amazon and the seller then refunded my $ 99.95 . I still lost out on my $ 8.00 postage and did n't get my item . WOULD NEVER BUY FROM AGAIN !!
 i was so excited to get this great way to carry my iphone on my belt , while is dangled securely at any angle , even while sitting.The unit comes with a 3M glue pad that is glued to the back of the phone -LSB- i followed the directions , cleaning with alcohol & rubbing dry with a lint free cloth & let it cure overnight -RSB- YES , it stayed secure for a few days , until i was walking at the grocery store when i heared a crash to the ground right at my feet -LRB- i never turned so red in shock & with a prayer hoped my hone was still ok - whew ! it was -RRB- After inspecting the Rivet system , i concluded the the Rivet was still secure to the belt mechanism , but the 3M glue did not hold . I now store the Rivet Clip in my top drawer never to be used again.NOT RECOMMENDED
 Writing here to express my disappointment with the machine . Have had domestic shredders in the past which were not up to the job so bought this one . Nice when new but I prepare around 25 reports a week comprising 7-9 80gm A4 pages plus a few assorted personal letters , bills etc. . The reports I halved before shredding and there have been three credit cards and around three CD 's through the machine . I oil it after each session which would be disposing of about two to three months worth of reports at a time.I got almost two years out of the machine before it gave up the ghost . I do n't think that 's enough from an office machine though perhaps I expect too much . I do n't believe I do .
 I should have read the reviews before buying . This device is not a shredder in any sense . It does not shred ! It makes some pits on the data side to make it harder to read , but leaves the actual data layer fully intact ! How can you call this device a shredder ?!? A complete rip off , and offers virtually no security .
 ATTENTION
 I wish I could alter the low score or delete the review . The low score turned out to be `` an operator problem '' . I found that there was evidently a `` mat '' that is supposed to be used under the cutter and unfortunately I either tossed it -LRB- thinking it was just packaging -RRB- or it was not in the package . I finally contacted Swingline and they were very helpful and are sending me the missing piece.Without the ` mat ' the cutter starts to just bunch up and rip the paper rather than cut it .
 I had two types of projects , a digital photo album and some trifold flyers for my business . I tried two types of double-sided paper for my inkjet printer . This paper gave a faint yellow tinge to my photos , and is too thick for my flyers . For both uses , printworks photo project paper looks better . The latter is a bit shinier than the epson , which might be a downside for some projects .
 I AM USING Margarito Espinoza Jr. `` will-e '' REVIEW , IT 'S `` PERFECT ... ! Ok , I got this thinking it was going to be quality Matte Photo paper , but I really do n't see the difference from regular card stock . I compared the 2 , one of which I purchased a ream at wal mart for half the price of this . Very disappointed in the print quality as well . Images look so much more vivid and bolder on regular paper than this . Do n't waste your money . Its just card stock.NOT MORE THAN PLAIN PAPER AT A HIGH COST $ $ $ $ ... ! I WILL BE SENDING IT BACK ... ! U-GO-WILL-E ... !
 Ok , I got this thinking it was going to be quality Matte Photo paper , but I really do n't see the difference from regular card stock . I compared the 2 , one of which I purchased a ream at wal mart for half the price of this . Very disappointed in the print quality as well . Images look so much more vivid and bolder on regular paper than this . Do n't waste your money . Its just card stock .
 I 've used this paper for years and been happy with it . But when the shipment came in from Amazon this time , I immediately noticed it was no longer `` photo '' paper . It is now presentation paper . I 'm not sure if it is the same product , but it appears Epson has downgraded it , which makes me wonder if it is no longer good for long-term photo use . There 's no mention of that use on the new packaging .
 I 've used this paper millions of times over the years , and what I received was the correct product , but this is the first time it 's arrived warped - it 's vertically curving , and the prints never lie flat . Which is a major disappointment .
 What a disapointment . Epson used to ship Premium Photo Semi Gloss better than that . So much for all efforts saving trees .
 I typically like Epson papers and have used theirPremium Glossy papersfor years . But I do n't quite know what to make of this luster paper . I would like a paper with a little lower reflectivity for prints that are viewed under bright lights . But this sacrifices too much . I shoot at high resolution and spend time calibrating monitors and editing photos to get realistic colors . With this paper , detail goes missing and colors are washed out . It 's possible that the printer profile itself is off , but I use an Epson printer -LRB- R800 -RRB- and there 's little excuse for that . Their profiles for other papers are pretty close.If you like prints that look like watercolors , then this may be the paper for you . I think it 's going to take me a very long time to get through this pack .
 I ordered the luster paper but was sent the matte . Kind of a big hassle .
 First off I ordered Ultra Premium Glossy and received the Luster version . The vendor Shoplet.com has been a pain , very slow and unresponsive to correct my order . They took the money ! Well , somebody has . They initially delivered quickly and when I contacted them to correct they stalled us for additional 3 weeks . Since then I sent them the Luster paper , another 3 weeks ... no word . Oh brother .
 this paper was recommended to me to use on my new epson printer , i was n't extremely impressed with the product results had better results from a different vender .
 It is great paper , but not for what I need it for . It would be great and is great for photographs , but I make my own prints from my art work and it is no good for that .
 I got this with the cats in mind . It seemed fairly well reviewed , and I was getting other stuff anyway . Well this thing barely works at all . Sometimes it makes a bright light , but most of the time I 'm trying to make it work at all . Usually the light is pretty dim , and it barely shines across the room . Then it will shine brightly all the way down the driveway . If you need this for a Powerpoint presentation then spend more money . If you do n't mind throwing away a few bucks then get this one . It was so cheap it 's not worth returning .
 Mine arrived in the mail covered in battery acid . Obviously had been like that for quite some time . Tried to unscrew it to check the batteries and the metal peeled away at the threads . The device obviously was n't inspected before it was shipped to me . Extreamly disapointed , not even wasting my time sending it back . I should have taken the time to read the reviews , but I got lazy . Live and learn .
 THIS BAD BOY COULD START A FIRE AND/OR BURN SOMEBODY . Do n't buy it unless your homeowner 's insurance is paid up and your smoke alarms are working.As at least three other customers have described , my laser pointer , after working fine for about 6 months , suddenly overheated . By overheated I mean it got so hot I could n't pick it up with my bare hands , and it was spitting smoke and hot liquid out the end.It was just sitting on a wooden bedside table when this problem occurred without warning . Had I not happened to touch it to move it -LRB- I had just finished giving my cat his morning laser workout -RRB- , and noticed the problem , it might well have ignited the table on which it was sitting.I just realized that the vendor of this product is `` The Home of the Hot Deals '' -- I 'd call that truth in advertising!I have requested that Amazon pull this item from its catalog . I hope they do so before someone gets seriously hurt .
 It does n't seem like there 's a lot that could go wrong with a one-button laser pointer , but this product finds a way to uncover a bunch : - Button is a tiny knob that requires a lot of pressure to depress ; it quickly becomes uncomfortable to use - Laser is intermittent ; it cuts out a lot ; you have to shake the pointer or play with it to make it work again - Clip is too stiff ; it is n't really usable - Despite very limited usage , the batteries wore out quicklyI 'm not sure how many other ways you could measure the success of such a simple product . From just about every aspect , though , I 'd call this a failure .
 I ordered this red laser pointer in Oct. 2011 to use in exercising my cat . I have used it no more than twice a week for a few minutes at a time . Now it does n't work at all . I 've changed batteries and even taken it apart , to no avail . This pointer is a piece of junk .
 This product is not even worth the low price ; When I received this product and took it out of its box , one side of the particle board case came off along with the hinge breaking -LRB- Not that I ever expect much from particle board -RRB- . The case was not the only issue , the laser 's beam was more like a slit as it was about an centimeter long once five meters away . The beam was also offset and came out at an angle -LRB- about 10 degrees -RRB- where it is supposed to come out straight.After receiving this product and finding all of its flaws , I promptly returned it for a refund.I understand that this product could be good for entertaining pets , but there are countless better options with the same or lower price .
 This thing stopped working in two weeks . Changed the batteries , although we 'd put new brand-name batteries in when the laser pointer arrived ... It was n't the batteries , and whatever the internal physical problem is , it is n't obvious . Still , I 'm actually about to order more of these only because I can not find one on Amazon that seems appreciably any different or that gets better reviews . They all seem to stink.About the batteries that come with these laser pointers
 I did n't expect high quality for this price but I expected the product to work . Mine will not remain screwed together . It was loose from the installation of the batteries . I contacted the vendor and they agreed to replace my unit . I will update the review if the new unit has the same problem .
 The pointer I received only intermittently would work when the switch was pressed right out of the box . Then it would n't work at all . Tried new batteries without success . The batteries it came with are heavy duty and I put in alkaline batteries . Then I stretched the spring inside to see if the batteries were n't making contact . It started working intermittently again . A short while later , I noticed that the pointer had become very hot -LRB- mine did n't smoke like another reviewer 's experience but may have if I did not remove the batteries -RRB- even though the switch was not pressed and the pointer light was not on . Returned .
 Really bad ; it is cheap so I guess the quality is for its money ; instead of one spotlight for pointing out in a presentation , you 'll get 5 or 6 , almost same size , so actually you can not use it for anything .
 When I bought this product it worked for a while but then thelaser burnt out . I put new batteries in but it still did n't work.The good thing is that I got a return .
 I bought this laser pointer to use when teaching . It worked for less than a year . The switch seems to have gone bad . The problem is not the batteries . I would not recommend this product .
 I 've used this laser pointer twice so far for presentations . On the first try , the laser already started showing a weak beam unless I pressed the button quite firmly . By its second use I had to mash the button down to get any signal at all . There 's a reason this pointer is so cheap ...
 I bought this laser pointer as a cat toy , and left a review after owning it for a week or so . Since then , I have ran across a few inconveniences with it . The cap that holds the batteries in will not stay on , it does not screw in but instead pushes in . You can not have the top part screwed all the way in , when you do , it pushes the batteries right out of the end of it . It has become quite annoying . Buyer beware , remember that you get what you pay for ...
 This is my second purchase of this laser pointer , the first having fallen into the hands of a friend who uses it to entertain her cats . There probably is n't much to say here that has n't been said already ; cats love to chase the dot , and having one of these in the house will do much to enrich their life , especially if they 're indoor-only . EDIT
 Most items this simple to operate do n't really need user instructions . If I were to write them for this laser pointer , here is what I would write :1 . Push the button2 . Push the button again3 . Cuss a little bit4 . Shake laser pointer5 . Push button again6 . Use laser pointer for 30 seconds to 2 minutes7 . Repeat as needed for 4-5 weeks until laser pointer dies
 Looked for an inexpensive laser pointer for my feline companion . Still functions but there is clearly something malfunctioning at the contact point of the button . The laser flickers if the button is not depressed at a certain angle .
 When I got it it worked just fine . After a couple of days , though , the screw that you used to close it to keep the batteries from falling out was becoming worn away , and eventually was useless , and now I have to hold it together with both hands to keep the top part of it from falling off .
 Did n't work straight out of the box . Even with changing batteries . It is a waste of money.Don ' t plan to return because I really do n't have time to deal with it . Will drive to an office supply store to buy something else .
 I had some chump-change left in my account , so I figured that I would buy a laser pointer . Of course I was n't going to get a good quality pointer for around $ 7 . When I got it it was in very good condition , it was just peachy the first day . Then next day I went to use it and it would flicker . At first I thought that it was the batteries , so I changed them and it was still acting up . The next day it was even worse , as in it would only work if you held it a certain way . By the fourth day , it barely worked at all , and if it did , it was being held a certain way and it was very dim . 5 minutes later it was demolished and in the trash . Take my word for it . Save up another $ 10 or so and buy a more expensive one . This one just was n't worth it .
 The light flickered on and off , then really stopped working except for intermittently . The battery seemed to wiggle in its housing and I could not figure out how to fix it . Neither aluminium foil nor fashioning a shim out of some insulating material -- my creativity failed me and I never got this to work well .
 Worked alright for the first day , but today it just made a high-pitched whine without light , then stopped working all together . I 'd return it but HDE charges a $ 2.99 s/h fee since the shipping was free . Add 2.99 to a few bucks for return shipping and the return costs more than to just keep it . Wo n't buy from HDE again . Word to the wise - check the return policy on all non-Amazon . com purchases .
 This thing is n't very good quality . Most of the black paint is flaking off . I 've had to put aluminum foil in the battery chamber to maintain a good connection . It comes apart very easily . I do n't know how long it 's going to last at this rate !
 Got this to play with my dogs . When it worked , it worked well . However , within a minute of use , I noticed that the beam would get really dim or simply did n't appear at all . I would press the button again , and it would work fine until my thumb shifted just slightly . And then the same problem would occur.It 's definitely the button . And nothing I do seems to fix it . I ca n't even figure out how to hold it to make it stay on . It seems almost random . On occasion I still go back to it to see if I can get it to work for even a minute . Nope , it might work a few seconds and then goes dim or does n't come on at all.But it was cheap , so I 'm not too upset . And I read that others here also had similar problems , so I knew the risk ahead of time . Some people here are happy with theirs.I wo n't be buying one of these again , but I did buy a laser pointer that 's specifically for pets and can be placed on a key chain . That one worked well . It 's called , `` Ethical Pet Spotbrites Laser Pet Toy and Exerciser '' . I recommend that one instead of this one .
 My cat and I loved this for a while but after about a year it stopped working - unless I shake and bang it , then it works for thirty seconds or so . The price was good but I would probably purchase a higher quality laser next time .
 Very poor quality . The threads that hold the laser mechanism to the battery tube are soft cheap metal and do not hold the thing together .
 The one I received failed to function with the included batteries . Thinking they might just be dead I installed Duracell AAA 's and the thing started to smoke . Maybe it was just a fluke .
 Had this for a couple months , and it worked fine for a while -LRB- except for the loose batteries inside which sometimes prevented it from turning on or staying on if tilted a certain way -RRB- . The light was bright and it looked nice -- certainly looked more expensive than it really was . HOWEVER ... . one evening we went to take it out of its nice black magnetic-flap box , and when touched it felt burning hot !!! We could not even pick it up ! My husband immediately dropped it and said it felt like it was on fire ! We managed to get the batteries out of it , and tossed the whole thing out . We are very lucky that this did not cause the black cardboard box that it was in to catch on fire inside our kitchen drawer !!! What if we had gone to bed that night without knowing about this issue !!!? We should probably contact the company about it , but I am sure these are made in China or something . You get what you pay for I guess . : /
 My unhappiness with this product has more to do with the incomplete description . I was not aware that these cards had `` micro-perferation . '' I had been using the HP greeting cards that were just an 8.5 '' by 11 '' folded in half . When I received these cards , I realized that due to the design , the finished card size was 4.7 '' by 7 '' so I had to redesign my Christmas cards -LRB- and my envelopes -RRB- because I did n't have time to return these and buy more.The perferation allows you to print to the edge , but when you remove the edges , you get a fuzzy edge that makes your card look cheap . The cards are flimsy also . Buy HP instead .
 I 'm so disappointed with the PT-xxxx line of labelers . The problem is that they FORCE the lead out on the tape to be 1 '' . So , by default , you 're wasting 1 '' of tape on the front and back . Not only is it a waste of tape , but I use this primarily for printing CD labels -- something which does not have 1 '' on either side to spare . The PT-1200 -LRB- and other models too -RRB- have a `` margin '' feature , which allows you to reduce the 1 '' margin to something much smaller -- HOWEVER , the only thing it does with this feature is to print on the tape a few dotted lines to MANUALLY cut on . So , not only are you STILL wasting tape in the lead-out , but now you have to manually cut on the dotted line with scissors -LRB- the end of the label is stopped properly at the margin width you set , but is still wasted on the front -RRB- . This is the second model from Brother that I will return and I wo n't buy another Brother labeler in the 1000 series -LRB- yes , other models have the same `` feature '' -RRB- . The PT-85 that I used to have worked fine , so apparently they made it worse with new features in the 1000 + series .
 We bought one of these labelers . The first surprise came as we started to use it . As has been noted at length by another reviewer on this page , these labelers are designed to waste the tape . OK , we thought . Whatever.Then , when the tape ran out , we purchased more via Amazon . Wow , these refills are unreasonably expensive ! Brother clearly has a `` give away the razors and sell the blades '' philosophy , seemingly making all of their money on the tape . But we bought it anyway , cause what else were we going to do ? We were stuck.We got the tape , inserted it correctly . But the cartridge was faulty and it unraveled on the second label . Irreperable . So we called Brother and -- guess what -- the tapes have NO WARRANTY !! So , unless you are in the mood to give Brother a * blank check * for your labeling needs , do n't get into bed with them . They will leave you angry and wanting .
 If you 're okay with wasting $ 17 per tape on this thing , go ahead . I 've had many misfeeds resulting in two unusable tapes and -LRB- suprise ! -RRB- Brother does n't warrant the tapes -LRB- so save your sales receipts to take it back to the store -RRB- . Another version purchased for our office ate a tape causing the roller to break and -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- the machine was no longer in its warranty . I 've had much better luck with a Casio labeler which apparently uses a different system for their tapes . No consumer joy in this device at all .
 The PT-1180 not only wastes the tapes as other reviewers have mentioned , but has a tendency to jam and destroy these very expensive tapes . Brother should be ashamed by releasing such a poor device .
 I have been using the PT1180 for a few years now . The cartriges are expensive and they jam . I have thrown away a few of them now worth about $ 50.00 . I like the look of the finished product , but do n't be fooled by an inexpensive intial cost . Factor a lot of wasted tape into your purchase .
 I have two brother label printers and both have been junk . The 1180 I 've had for very infrequent use will not work because one of the tabs that contact one of the 6 batteries needed to power it has broken off . Not way to use an electric adaptor . I bought extra tapes , but I will throw them out before I buy another brother . The other is a PT-70 it will eat-up 4 batteries overnight .
 I wo n't go into detail , but this is so badly designed it is almost impossible to use with any efficiency . Should have returned it but just did n't get around to it . Tried using it again today and I am giving up and buying something else . Ca n't decide whether to trash it or give it to goodwill .
 I ordered this on Oct 20th its still not shipped it says its in stock and has been but a Month has passed and no Photo paper
 first off , the photo paper is amazing . my printing looks exactly as if I had it developed professionally . BUT -- Amazon Buyers , Beware -- you are not buying this paper through Amazon , but through Adorama Camera , so you will be charged far more in shipping than the couple bucks you saved by buying it here instead of a brick and mortor store.stupid to mention it ? well , I assume there are other dorks out there , who , like me , will gleefully throw this in their shopping cart , expecting that the super saver shipping discount will make it their bargain of the week . so ... be warned.Amazon 's site design makes it obvious when you 're buying through Eddie Bauer or Gap or such big vendors -- but when it 's a small distributer , it 's merely listed in text . when there 's so much other text on the page , I find it easy to ignore.Am I the only one this has happened to ? hopefully someone out there will find this helpful and I wo n't look like a complete idiot not only for making a mistake when ordering , but then telling the world about my mistake ...
 I 'm 220 lbs , but I 'm 6 ' tall ... . and this thing wo n't fit on my lap . The part that is supposed to set on your knee misses it completely . I can only imagine if you are shorter or of the plump variety.Perhaps it 's due to a 17 '' laptop ... . or a large belly , but , hey ... we 're not going there on this review.Where 's that RMA number ?
 After just 5 minutes with this on my lap , my legs began to ache . The heat from the MacBook is preferable to this .
 It is a shame that Amazon CHANGES item description WITHOUT a proper REVIEW . This item originally was listed as a SINGLE unit ! -- Now it is a case of 25 !
 A document holder that 's this wide -LRB- wider than a keyboard , but not so wide I can slide mine under it when not in use -RRB- might be expect to hold , say , a dictionary or a heavy cookbook . I would n't trust this one with a paperback . The vise grips on either leg do not hold the stand firmly no matter how much I tighten them . And the legs wobble . Adjusting the position is difficult and not in synch with both sides . The stretchy band stretches too much to hold some types of books ' pages flat . All in all , the design is just crappy.It looks nice and the individual pieces are solidly crafted . -LRB- The heavy , wobbly legs have so far failed to snap the plastic rails off the sides , as physics might predict . -RRB- There are apparently mounts for this that you can buy separately that screw into a surface . This might alleviate the wobble factor , although I hope those mounts use grips that actually keep the plastic from sliding down.Bottom line
 I do like the fact that this stand has adjustable angles but am taken aback by the price/design ratio . The way that the legs attach to the sides of the support makes the stand wobbly if you are putting heavy books on it . The 3M engineers did not do their usual excellent job with design on this product.The elastic band is basically like a rubberband my daughter uses in her hair , with two plastic attachments to it . For this price a few extras should have been included . I had envisioned my kids using it to hold up textbooks when working on homework and this stand simply can not handle the weight.Overall , it works ok , but for this price it should be much sturdier and be nearly perfect .
 I was looking for something to hold up my papers as I was writing at the computer . It was supposed to fit between the keyboard and the monitors but it did not . And it was quite heavy to move .
 For the price I expected better -LRB- as did some other reviewers -RRB- . I should n't have spent so much money on this . The quality & design is worth about $ 25 in my opinion , not what I ended up paying , even on a lightening deal.I 'm worried this thing wo n't last and that it will break at what seems like a weak point where the supports hold the clear plastic piece.So based on the poor value & that it seems it will break at the `` weak point '' , I only feel comfortable giving this 2 stars .
 3M -LRB- TM -RRB- Copy Holder , In-line , 18 Inches Wide , 300 Sheet Capacity , Black and ClearI am getting old . I remember when $ 100 -LRB- $ 65 Amazon price -RRB- actually bought something . Oh , wait , it still can . AppleTV is $ 100 . A Roku box is $ 100 . A Kindle is just $ 40 more . But , now in 2010 an 18 '' sheet of molded plastic two weighted plastic legs some assorted screws and knobs and a rubber band cost $ 100 . I have to assume the mystery weight beads in the legs are made of a high tech alloy and the plastic sheet must be bullet proof ? On top of that when assembled it 's kind of wobbly . I 'd have designed in a cross base support of some kind for rigidity . But , that might have driven the price up to $ 150 ? I did a quick search for a `` Copy Holder , '' what I found was a huge selection under $ 10 . Granted many were n't as attractive as the 3M product but what price design for such an item . It just needs to hold paper or a book.If the constructed product did n't feel as wobbly as it does , maybe I 'd forgive it . But , really , I ca n't get over the price to function ratio . I have many 3M products and many are well made and reasonably priced . I just ca n't review this product favorably . Your money is my concern . When you spend this much on a stationery product , it really should be beyond compare . This simply is not . There are better choices considering the price . If this was about $ 15 - $ 20 maybe I 'd say it 's pretty and does the job . Yet , it 's still unsteady if you need to move it periodically . There are many better cost effective choices .
 This looked wonderful when I first saw it , I happen to like the sleek looking modern design -LRB- much more in tune with our decorating then theClear Solutions Jumbo Cookbook Holdercookbook holder I 've been using . Yes I said cookbook holder , granted I realize this product is far from being advertised as a cookbook holder but I was hoping for something multipurpose . Cookbook holder , sheet music holder for practice times for my daughter and husband , document holder for my husband or myself , and reference book/sheet holder for our homeschooled daughter as we do n't need to use it for all those things at once I hoped this would function well for each as needed.Upon opening the box I was dumbfounded , I 'm a college educated adult who has fixed her own dryer and dishwasher along with assembling lots of furniture in our home and yet I stared at this lost , the directions ... well they just are n't . I had to go off of the images here online to get it together and I must still be doing something wrong since I 've almost put out my eye , my childs eye , and the dogs eye with the darn elastic strap part ... it keeps flying off the device and across the room.Also I realized this would be big , but you just do n't realize how big until it 's set up , and heavy . Great for holding down big books but not making it very moving friendly and between the band and weight not something I 'd consider using for my original idea of letting our little girl use it for reference books unless we set it up for her . I also find the band annoying , how it could be a line marker is beyond me as it 's not quick nor easy to move and it just ends up being in the way of text , leading to trying to pull it out of the way and ZOOOMMM off it goes across the room again : : sighs : : I think I 'm going to retire this to our desk for adult use only , making the retail and even amazon price crazy for what it will actually do for us . On a side note the before mentioned cookbook holder that I have is wonderful , lightweight but holds the biggest books with ease , nothing to fling off or put an eye out , and it folds up in seconds to store flat ... I highly recommend checking it out if you 're looking for something to hold books open -LRB- being that it has no real back it would n't work well for documents only -RRB- . I love 3M -LRB- could you imagine life w/o sticky notes ? -RRB- but I think they missed the bar on this one .
 This 3M Copy Holder is almost good ; half-baked design and cheesy construction make it a bad deal , even at amazon 's deep discount . -LRB- The MSLP is absurdly high ! -RRB- There are several different ways tobreak the copy area , as it is made of very thin transparent plastic . The legs are weighted , butwould be far more stable with some sort of crossbar installed between them ... this could certainlybe done by someone who is reasonably handy . The holding device is nothing but a thin elastic heldby two sliding plastic pieces which will also break easily . Replacing the elastic should n't be tough , which is good , because it 's definitely not going to stand up to heavy use - maybe not even light use.Replacing the two holders , though , is probably next to impossible . Why were n't some extras included?It must be said that the few books and catalogs I used for testing were held open pretty well.This product is not designed for very thick books , however . It 's also not designed for long-termuse . Why pay this price for such an inadequate unit ? There must surely be better ones available.Those who need a sturdy copy holder for heavy duty everyday use are hereby urged to avoid this one.Shame on 3M for peddling this junk - one would expect far better from such a company ... right ?
 When I got this product I realized it was extremely heavy and complex to put together . Not exactly what I thought I would be getting . Then unpacking I realized it took up a huge footprint on my limited desk space . This thing is just too big for a regular person 's desk and more fitting to be in some kind of industrial fabrication plant . Seriously , the design is old and not very useful . It 's also severely overpriced .
 This product weighs a ton , or at least way more than a document holder made for sheets of paper . Also , unless your monitor is well above the desk , anything you put in this will block the screen , plus you need room front to back room between your keyboard and monitor . Buy this only if you have the space and need the holder for heavy items . For papers -LRB- e.g. , contracts , homework -RRB- use a document holder that is longer top to bottom -LRB- or tape the pages one at a time to a top corner of your monitor -RRB- .
 Useful but you need a big desk to find room for this ! Also , the price is too much for what you get . Also , kind of wobbly.I would not recommend this for the price . It should either be better designed or half the price . And I do n't mean half the list price ; I mean half the $ 60 Amazon price . And even that would be pushing it .
 I purchased the Clarity w1000 to overcome the noise from a room air conditioner . It usually worked adequately for this task . However , sometimes or perhaps often a little more volume would have been useful . On my phone line , increased volume quickly turns into quite a bit of noise and hiss . This is more annoying than straining to hear the caller . My Panasonic KX-TG 5421 cordless phone with voice enhancer turns out to work better than the w1000 . I probably should have returned the w1000 .
 I work from home and bought this phone based on reviews I had seen in the past saying it was great for making sure you can be heard and understood . This phone is almost as bad as the one I got rid of when I purchased this one . I have tons of issues with and echo when using the handset . I can not find a head set that works with this phone as it has a 3.5 mm jack instead of the more common 2.5 mm jack . I thought I was getting a great phone that would make all this worth the trouble , but the sound is not any better then a $ 5 drugstore special . I am very disapointed in the quality .
 I bought this phone as a gift for my parents who are getting older and need the larger keys to see , but dont want all the other functions like an answering machine . It stopped working within a couple of days and i had to return it . Cheaply made product .
 When I tried to set the switch on the bottom to keep the Boost feature permanently on , small pieces for the switch fell off . I had a hard time trying to collect the pieces and get them back together . I ended up holding it back on with tape . There was one small copper piece that was left over . The phone is working for now with the boost on , but for how long I do n't know .
 Worked briefly , but not well . Soon topped working entirely . Returned for credit , as Amazone said ir could not send another . Useless .
 I bought this to use in teaching at the university . I installed the software and found that the device did n't work . I called technical service at Seiko but apparently this item was discontinued several years ago . A nice gentleman attempted to help me but it was clear that he had never seen or setup or used the device . I was on the line with him quite a while and apparently his supervisor felt enough was enough so I was told to try something and call back if I had problems . I was disgusted with Seiko and contacted my seller and requested a refund . He was very nice about it , credited me that day , and did n't even want the device back.Bottom-line
 It is a wonderful device -- but why does n't it support Linux ? This makes it useless for many people , notably all those with the Sharp Zaurus handhelds . It 's a shame , as the InkLink would be an ideal companion to the Zaurus C-760 .
 This product does everything advertised . I just wish it came with functional recognition software . It 's not enough to be able to e-mail jpgs of my notes to someone else ; I need my notes reliably converted into text.As another reviewer so eloquently put it , this is nothing that ca n't be accomplished with a crayon and a scanner . The `` Ooh and Ahh '' factor of watching one 's handwriting pop up on the screen is n't worth $ . If you want a way to get pictures of your handwriting from point A to point B , stick with your fax machine for now .
 Avery does not support this product if you have an older PowerMac . They have sent many ideas but none that have worked . I am using this with a pen and not the way I should get the most out of this .
 The warning on this product states , `` do not get on hands . '' It 's a keyboard cleaner . Seems odd . I would stay away .
 This will damage the surface of your keyboard ! I tried this on my $ 135 daskeyboard . It just erodes the coating on the keycap and the mirror surface of the keyboard . It erodes everything !! Originally , I also want to apply this on my Razer mouse ! Luckily , I discovered the situation before I do that !!!! Save your keyboard if you treasure it !!!
 This is an okay keyboard cleaner . But same thing could be done with a box of Q-tips and some alcohol for under a dollar . This item is way overpriced for what it does.update 5/24/2012I am changing my rating to 2 stars . This item is overpriced useless junk . Fortunately Amazon 's refund policy allowed me to get a full refund .
 When I got this thing from UPS it was in this huge box -LRB- Parcel would have been easier for me and u -RRB- I had trouble getting it from my nieghbor -LRB- whom owr UPS deleverer always gets the wrong adress -RRB- and it turned out to be a peice of 50c junk . thier is no picture here to describe it . I will never buy another item without information on it when shopping online . It consists of a squirt bottle filled with oil , a styrophoam sponge with two prongs and that is about it . You run the pronged sponge down the grooves of your keys . It does little to what is underneath the keys -LRB- cat hair , crumbs ect . -RRB- I had paid a good eight bux for it -LRB- can get a dust vac for that ! -RRB-
 This is good for one time or maximum two time use . Nothing great really . It was actually a waste of money .
 A very cheap cleaning tool . I could make a better product using scraps of foam . Try a different manufacturer or a different type of keyboard cleaner .
 I found this item pretty much useless . The little key fit cleaner does n't actually reach far enough over the keys to do too much , could have done this w/an electronic screen cleaner and a smidge of elbow grease for much less money . Not recommended .
 First , the design description , which is not complete from the manufacturer
 Update
 This was much much larger than I needed or wanted . It was way too big . I wanted something about 1/2 that size .
 This phone is a ridiculous piece of garbage . The main reason for my comment is the lack of support . Though I could type for hours on this subject , I will keep it short and to the point.The Problem
 The Vtech looks nice and has really cool functions , but the problem is that the sound quality is really bad and choppy . Also is has lesser range than the Panasonic 2.4 Ghz phones . In fact , my old 900 mhz phone has better sound quality and greater range than the Vtech . Please do not buy this phone ... it was a complete waste of money . I had to sell the phone -LRB- with the 3 additional handsets -RRB- on auction just to get rid of it . Vtechs only look nice ... but thats about it .
 I have had this phone for over a year now -LRB- multiple handsets as well -RRB- . In general it has worked out ok . Every so often though -LRB- once a week -RRB- , when you go to answer the phone it will lose contact with the base , and then it has to reacquire the base -LRB- takes about a minute -RRB- . While that is happening , the caller just gets dead air and probably hangs up . Can be quite annoying , and it happens often enough to be a concern . The other complaint I have is that you have to traverse menus to adjust the volume on the handset . I liked the design and look of the phone , but I think I would rather have an ugly phone that works more reliably .
 I just bought this phone and discovered much to my annoyance that it does n't matter where you put the base you get static . It is irritating to say the least . This over-priced phone will be heading back were I purchased it .
 I ordered this system -LRB- a 2461 and three 2420s to go with it -RRB- from Amazon a few days ago and have been playing with it since . Unfortunately I am sending it back tomorrow ... VTech has done a GREAT job with this phone system in many respects . However there are a few serious flaws that lead me to this rating , and to my feeling of no choice but to return it . I &#8217; m actually pretty bummed because the system is freaking cool save for these killer issues.The most serious issue for me is the memory dial design of the handsets . For anyone -LRB- like me -RRB- who uses deep discount long distance from services ... this system is not a realistic option . This is because you can not `` chain '' memory dial numbers together . I.e. you ca n't press `` speed dial '' # 1 , wait for the ` bong ' and then press `` speed dial '' # 2 , etc. . The VTech system does provide a generous 32 digit allowance per item however even 32 digits does not cut it for services ... . Even if it were 64 digits the solution really is n't optimal - you really need to be able to ` chain ' speed dial settings together , and this system only allows you to dial ONE number from memory -LRB- once the call starts you can &#8217; t get back to the memory screen to dial a second number -RRB- . Another significant drawback for me -LRB- which I was willing to overlook until I discovered the memory dial issue -RRB- is the limit of four handsets . That limit DOES include the handset that comes with the 2461 Answering Machine . E.g. you may add only THREE handsets to the 2461 for a total of four handsets . I would really like to have eight handsets . Hopefully VTech will increase the total record capacity for messages . The Digital Answering Machine apparently can only hold a stingy 15 minutes of recorded messages . For my use 30 minutes is minimum.One final issue of note is the wall mount design . The Digital Answering Machine has a very goofy design - you get a `` T '' thingy that you mount to the wall such that the answering machine itself is sort of suspended away from the wall , by far the most odd design I have ever seen . It works but it is n't great . The handset does n't fit super securely into the based and this does not improve in the wall mount configuration . Anyone planning to wall mount this phone many feet up a wall should think twice - the handset is likely to fall to the floor frequently . Finally , the individual handsets -LRB- 2420s -RRB- do not have a wall mount option at all &#8211; thought the bases do have a very small footprint.This system has great promise . Nice form factor . Easy to use menu system in the handsets . Very cool set of features -LRB- save the issues noted above -RRB- . I &#8217; m honestly very bummed to be sending it back . I &#8217; m going to check out the Siemens system but from what I have read it doesn &#8217; t really look too great . I may just hang on for another 12 months in the hopes VTech will improve this system &#8230; it is very close to ideal for my purposes . Huge disappointment it has these critical -LRB- for my purposes anyway -RRB- flaws ...
 This phone worked well for a year before the base station and answering machine went out . The phone is difficult to balance on the shoulder . It has a number of nice features including the in-handset speakerphone . The voice quality is fair at best .
 not happy with purchase at all , item was advertised as working refurbished and it did not even power up properly
 We really wanted this phone due to its satellite phones . We tried everything to get it to work properly . We moved it to all locations in the house . The amount of noise on the phone made it totally unusable . The messages that were left on the answering machine could not be understood.On occassion the phone would work fairly good , but mostly there was too much static to be used at all ...
 We have used VTech phones for years with excellent performance . However , this model/unit was a terrible disappointment . The answering machine base unit failed within 1 month after purchase . The handset is not compatible with other VT2400 series model base units , so we ca n't use it with our other base . Go ahead and get a VTech system , just not this one .
 I had this phone for about a year when I experienced the same problems others had noted , the 2 flashing '' - - '' . I went through the whole routine with Vtech 's tech support , they finally had me return it for a warranty repair , this was great except that I was without an answering machine for 3 weeks ! The replacement has worked for about 6 months and is doing the same thing again . Do n't waste your time on this system - there are other systems out there that are just as good and a lot more reliable !!
 We had our 2461 system for 9 months when all of a sudden one day the display on the base unit started flashing '' -- '' and clicking . Customer service had me mail the unit in along with all of the auxiliary phones -LRB- I had purchased 1 extra unit -RRB- . It took over 1 month to get the exact same replacement system -LRB- 2461 -RRB- and phone -LRB- 2420 -RRB- and they did not reimburse my return shipping fees . They told me they wanted the faulty answering system plus extension phones all shipped back so they could ship me a different system that was better . Well - I got the same model back again.The `` new '' phones BUZZZZZZZ whenever you use a headset with them . The old phones were fine with a headset . And the `` new '' answering system occasionally erases the OUTGOING message when you erase incoming messages . After this happens , the answering maching picks up the phone but does n't record anything or beep or do anything - it just ties up the phone line.The audio quality on the answering system is very poor - we have trouble understanding what callers are saying . And if you get callers that assume you will recognize their voice and say `` Hi , it 's me ... '' - forget it . The audio quality is very very poor.I would steer clear of this system - it has major quality and design problems and VTECH has been very unhelpful resolving issues . Their solution is `` unplug the system and leave it unplugged for 2 minutes and when you plut it in , it will be fine '' . Sometimes that does work , but I want an answering machine and phone system that works all the time , thank you .
 This manufacturer of excellent telephones stumbled with this model . I disregarded Consumer Report 's comments that there is a persistent white noise in the background , but CU was correct . Despite all of the excellent features , small size and price , it 's simply not a good phone . Also , the VTech customer support is dreadful . When I needed to purchase an extra battery cover , I was told that there were n't any available , but to try calling them again in a month or so . Customer support , indeed !
 In an effort to find a new phone/Answering system combo , I purchased this unit . It had every feature you could want , great looks , tons a features , reminded me of my cell phone the way the phone directory works along with many other features , but when it came to actually talking on the phone it also reminded me of my cell phone . I was severly disapointed there was a constant static in the phone that never went away no matter how close to the base and gets even louder when the handset volume is increased . The range was really bad my old 900mhz went farther with less static . Living in an apartment I need range and clarity this phone does n't provide that . It 's unfortunant because it 's really cool looking , great feal and has a lot of neat features . I ended up taking this phone back and opted for the reliable panasonic which was $ 20 more but definately worth it , the range on that phone is unreal .
 I was excited to get this system -LRB- 2461 + 3 extra handsets -RRB- . I thought there were lots of great features -- good ergonomics , the ability to intercom among handsets , good battery life , etc.All the good features were overwhelmed , however , by the very poor sound quality . People thought I was on a cell phone , and in some rooms of the house , it was almost impossible to have an intelligble conversation . I 'm reluctantly returning it -- I tried for almost a month to make it work -- and trying something lower tech .
 I did own this phone but traded off for a panasonic KX-TG2583W . The vtech has very bad sound the speaker phone keeps breaking up all the time you have to clear all caller id off all phones every time you clear them in my case thats 3 phones . You cant use the page on the base to talk to the other phones . even when I would go across the street I at times could not answer a call and I never had that problem with a 900 mh . Save your time and buy a panasonic or any thing but a vtech . I thought it was great at first untill I had to use it a few times and try to correct the proplems with it I just gave it up . I should have read what other people thought of it instead of a sore employer that sold me on it . Then I had 90 days to return it but to me it was a waste of time .
 Received our first phone for a birthday present 8/2002 . It broke at about 11 months -LRB- just the answering machine -RRB- . Called the company and they were great about a warranty , and replaced the unit -LRB- but did not replace the cordless headset that had originally came with the first unit -RRB- . The warranty replacement was received 10/14/03 -LRB- I kept the original UPS tracking slip -RRB- . Just called the company today -LRB- 3/27/04 -RRB- , just over 7 months later , as the replacement phone quit working again - same problem . Guess what , it is no longer covered by warranty per customer service ! They will give me a great `` loyalty customer '' discount , but would you trust this brand ? I 'm thinking I 'll try another brand . Wish you luck on your purchase !
 Do not purchase this phone system unless you enjoy the sound of `` white noise '' during telephone conversations . There is a constant hissing noise from the ear piece whenever the phone is being used ... Please take heed to similiar reviews on this phone and save yourself the hassle and expense of having to return it !
 I ordered this system -LRB- a 2461 and three 2420s to go with it -RRB- from Amazon a few days ago and have been playing with it since . Unfortunately I am sending it back tomorrow ... VTech has done a GREAT job with this phone system in many respects . However there are a few serious flaws that lead me to this rating , and to my feeling of no choice but to return it . I &#8217; m actually pretty bummed because the system is freaking cool save for these killer issues.The most serious issue for me is the memory dial design of the handsets . For anyone -LRB- like me -RRB- who uses deep discount long distance from services like ... this system is not a realistic option . This is because you can not `` chain '' memory dial numbers together . I.e. you ca n't press `` speed dial '' # 1 , wait for the ` bong ' and then press `` speed dial '' # 2 , etc. . The VTech system does provide a generous 32 digit allowance per item however even 32 digits does not cut it for services like bigzoo . Even if it were 64 digits the solution really is n't optimal - you really need to be able to ` chain ' speed dial settings together , and this system only allows you to dial ONE number from memory -LRB- once the call starts you can &#8217; t get back to the memory screen to dial a second number -RRB- . Another significant drawback for me -LRB- which I was willing to overlook until I discovered the memory dial issue -RRB- is the limit of four handsets . That limit DOES include the handset that comes with the 2461 Answering Machine . E.g. you may add only THREE handsets to the 2461 for a total of four handsets . I would really like to have eight handsets . Hopefully VTech will increase the total record capacity for messages . The Digital Answering Machine apparently can only hold a stingy 15 minutes of recorded messages . For my use 30 minutes is minimum.One final issue of note is the wall mount design . The Digital Answering Machine has a very goofy design - you get a `` T '' thingy that you mount to the wall such that the answering machine itself is sort of suspended away from the wall , by far the most odd design I have ever seen . It works but it is n't great . The handset does n't fit super securely into the based and this does not improve in the wall mount configuration . Anyone planning to wall mount this phone many feet up a wall should think twice - the handset is likely to fall to the floor frequently . Finally , the individual handsets -LRB- 2420s -RRB- do not have a wall mount option at all &#8211; thought the bases do have a very small footprint.This system has great promise . Nice form factor . Easy to use menu system in the handsets . Very cool set of features -LRB- save the issues noted above -RRB- . I &#8217; m honestly very bummed to be sending it back . I &#8217; m going to check out the Siemens system but from what I have read it doesn &#8217; t really look too great . I may just hang on for another 12 months in the hopes VTech will improve this system as it is very close to ideal for my purposes . Very disappointmented it has these critical -LRB- for my purposes anyway -RRB- flaws .
 After purchasing this phone , both for it 's good looks and answering machine , I was very very disappointed that it was of such poor quality considering it 's high price . 1 . As you 've read here , the sound quality is worse than a cell phone . 2 . The answering machine would not record many of my incoming calls , probably due to the poor sound . After taking it back to the store , the salesperson told me Vtech phones are known for being poor quality . Too bad they ca n't fix these problems - the phone itself looks great !
 Though I charged the hand set for more than 15 hours , it did not work . So I have to send it back . Amazon did a excellent service .
 Features seem good . Range however is less than my current Panasonic 2.4 Ghz . The base transmitter signal seems weaker than that of my current Panasonic -LRB- which comes with `` range extend -RRB- . The phone was returned .
 This phone has a ton of great features ... if only i could hear the person I 'm talking too . Something a $ ... phone can accomplish . It sounds horrible . . all you here is SSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.Don ' t buy it . At all ... not even to try it out ... it 's garbage . Spend the money and get the Panasonic KX-TG2730S and an extra Handset KX-TGA270S . This phone is the best there is ... all the features you want and more ... and its clear as a bell . No problems with wireless networks either . It costs the most but its worth it just not to have to return all the other junk phones out there .
 I 'm on my third `` repaired '' phone now and it is now having issues with the answering system just like it 's predecessors . Sure Vtech will gladly replace \ repair them at no charge , but what good is the phone if it 's always in for service . I would recommend anyone looking for a phone to avoid Vtech and go elsewhere .
 After reading many favorable reviews , I decided to purchase this phone . After using it , I 'm sending it back . I 've moved this phone to many different locations in order to get rid of the constant waves of static coming from the receiver , but nothing worked . I have two 900MHz phones that were under sixty bucks that work better than this phone . Unless you like static , do not buy this phone !
 I should have listened to all the negative reviews I read before purchasing this item . However , it was the top rated exapandable cordless by Good Housekeeping magazine so I fell for it . I purcased the base and one handset . The base phone was defective and would not hold a charge . The additional handset charged very quickly and we used it for a day and heard the annoying `` white noise '' so many reviewers mentioned . It would not go away no matter where we were in the house . I returned it and exchanged it for the Panasonic comparable model -LRB- #KX - TG1050N -RRB- . It was more expensive , but we are very happy with it and do not experience the interference . I should have remembered a prior VTECH cordless phone we owned did not perform well and we replaced that one with a Panasonic . Save yourself the hassle and just go for the Panasonic .
 After hating many phones on the market , I thought I had finally found the one when I purchased this VTech phone . I LOVED the speaker phone , the reception was good even outside , and I never had to look for phone numbers with the user-friendly memory function . It was a love story - UNTIL I came home one day to the two flashing lines where the number of messages should have been . It was approximately one year into our relationship and love turned quickly to hate . Now I have NO answering machine , and while in the same room as the base station all I hear is the audible `` CLICK CLICK CLICK '' of those flashing lines , not to mention the even more aggrivating `` CLICK CLICK CLICK '' over the phone line . I too called VTECH and got the same `` Unplug it for two minutes and plug it back in '' spiel . Did n't work . I so want my love affair back , and do n't know what to do now that I have the extra phone that wo n't work with anything else . Now I have to buy two phones at once ... Do n't put yourself through the anguish . The adage `` It 's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all '' does NOT apply to telephones .
 This is my first Amazon review after being a long-time customer . This item has burned us , so I feel strongly about reviewing it . We have had it for about 2 years.I am having the exact same experience as a previous reviewer who described the answering machine flashing '' -- '' and a constant clicking noise . Vtech wants $ 75 to repair it or will sell us the same model for $ 99 . Keep in mind that the add-on units -LRB- we have 2 -RRB- do n't work when the base is gone for repair!This is our second problem with this unit . The first problem was barely under the one-year warranty . The beep that signaled that a message was waiting quit working and the handset ringer quit . After we sent it in for repair , Vtech only fixed the handset problem . I 'm too busy to make a career out of servicing our electronics , so I did n't complain about what they failed to repair.Now that I 've seen someone else had the exact same problem , I think I 'll invest my money in a new system instead of trying to remain compatible with the 2 extra handsets we already own . -LRB- They do n't work with newer model base units . -RRB- Hopefully I 've saved someone else from investing in this system !
 I bought this because I have 2 rooms that need phones and I do n't want to bother with running wire to them - so I have handsets for them.The sound quality has been great , I have n't had any of the sound problems that others report.Now , 1 week after a year -LRB- the warranty period -RRB- , the answering machine has died - the LED displays '' -- '' and flashes on and off . The worst part about this is that it makes a clicking sound that can be heard on the handset.Now I have to decide if I want to keep my ` investment ' -LRB- 2 other handsets -RRB- alive and buy another 2461 or a 2431 -LRB- if so I may buy the extended warranty -RRB- ... or put it to bed .
 I bought this phone because I was disappointed with AT&T 9370 -LRB- to much noise -RRB- . This phone has about half the range as my AT&T 9401 , and about 20 % less sound quality . This phone has gotten good reviews else where , but I was disappointed . If I could have gotten the AT&T 9401 with the answering machine , I would gladly paid $ 150 . I have no complaints about the answering machine . I would not buy this phone -LRB- or the AT&T 9370 -RRB- again .
 Users of 2.4 Ghz phones expect :1 . Clear clarity of voice .2 . Exceptional range .3 . Ease of use.This phone falls flat on 2 of these 3 expectations . While the phone is fairly easy to set up and use , this is the least important of the 3 qualities . We have had to return this system twice , as the performance aspects are dismal . Voice quality while on the phone varies for no apparent reason , and the range of this phone is only about 30-40 feet at best . My Panasonic 2.4 Ghz phone on the other hand , can still transmit when I 'm over 200 + feet away ! This phone also has lots of mystery bugs , including failing to hang up after a caller leaves a message , and phones displaying `` in use '' when no one is on the phone . Occassionally the handsets will `` loose '' the base , and say `` searching for base '' and then re-registering . Avoid this phone like the plague ! V-Tech used to have great quality phones , but if this is an indicator of current quality , forget it . Look instead to the Panasonic 2730 , which is also expandable , but has greater range .
 I own this and wish I did n't . The only good thing about this phone is the extra handsets you can purchase . The voice quality is so bad I have to switch to a different brand cordless phone to actually carry on a conversation . Now , being less than a year old , I have come to find out the answering machine only works periodically . People think they have left a message when in reality it was never recorded . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE AT ALL !!!
 I 've had this model -LRB- with an additional handset -RRB- for about 2 years or more and the sound quality has only gotten worse . After 2 years of use most calls are drowned out by static , so much so that you ca n't hear the other person . Our second handset just stopped working - when you answer it you can hear the other person but they ca n't hear you . Another problem
 I should have known I own a convenience store and my phone card vendor talked me into these remanufactured nokia phones sort of like tracfone . They sold really well but the problems customers had with the phones , like holding a charge or reception was beyond my control and the vendor would not accept the responsibility of rectifying the situation
 I purchased this phone a local department store . I fell in love with its sleek and contemporary design , and I could only imagine what I a great phone it would be when I got home to use it . To my surprise , I was wrong.It was very easy to set up , and learn how to use . Such features as the `` Digital Answering Machine '' and `` Intercom '' were big flops . Why ? Here is why ... The digital answering machine has a horrible microphone and when recording your outgoing message it sounds scratchy and blotchy . I thought that maybe it only sounded like that from the unit -LRB- even of which it should n't -RRB- , but when I called home from work a couple of times and got the answering machine , it sounded just as bad . The same goes for when people leave you messages . The clarity and sound quality is just horrible . Making it very difficult to understand your messages or screen your calls.The Intercom system was kind of cool . Since it is located on the phone itself . Alowing you to lay down and lay the phone next to you while having a conversation , or walk around the kitchen while trying to cook or something but still have a conversation . The draw back to this however is that the sound goes in and out . So one minute you can hear the person on the phone and the next you cant . One thing that drove me CRAZY about this phone and gave me reason to take it back after a week was the echo you hear when you speak into it and the static that a 2.4 Gig phone promises to not have . That drove me crazy . I tested it with close neighbors , people on cell phones , and relatives that lived a distance . But the same echo and static was there for them all . This phone is cute , but not very effiecient for it 's price tag .
 We bought this phone yesterday and are returning it today . There ample features , the phone is sleek and the size compact but THAT IS NOT THE POINT . All you want a cordless to do is have good voice quality and battery life . I ca n't speak for the battery life -LRB- Consumer Reports states 13 hours but they also reported good voice quality , so go figure -RRB- but the voice quality is poooooor . Granted we live in an apartment and there may be alot of interference but I ca n't justify spending $ ... for a phone that does not handle the basics . White noise in every conversation and the answering machine message is inaudible . Going to give the Panasonic 2730s and will write a review for that one as well.Trust me ... Do n't buy this phone unless you want ...
 I 'm an AP Chemistry teacher and my students and I found that polynomials equal to less than 1x10-14 when solved with the solve function gives the wrong answer . The specific problem was
 The description said it was useable on ACT and SAT test . It is n't . I had to buy a different one for my daughter . Wasted money on it .
 This could have been the best calculator ever . It does amazing things . But in crucial ways it is a step backwards : -- Previous TI calculators come with software that allow you exchange data with your PC or Mac . NOT SO THE NSPIRE . For that , you have to buy the desktop version of the software , costing over $ 100 dollars PER COMPUTER . You can write notes for the NSPIRE , but you need to do that on a computer to make them of any length . So you need to buy the desktop version for that feature . A cynic might call this bait and switch . -- The programming is not as powerful as the TI-83 / 84 . It does not appear to take input . Since Texas Instruments is touting this as a teaching calculator , educators need to be able to write complex teaching programs , but they cannot.I give high marks to the engineers who created this powerful calculator but the business people who crippled it should be sent to Siberia . Although I 've spent hours playing with this , I 'll still recommend my tutoring students get a TI-84 , which can easily import and export data and has teaching and programming capabilities.Shame on Texas Instruments .
 After only a few moths of use , two horizontal lines appeared on the calculator screen without warning . No pixels will appear in this area , and this is very frustrating ! View the product photos to see the problem that I am having .
 I just returned this calculator . It does have a big screen which is good for reading graphs , and it does CAS . However , I did n't know from the picture that there are many VERY small buttons around the keyboard . I feel so annoying anytime I use it . I have to try to fit my finger among these small buttons in order to get to number buttons . To emphasize that my fingers are not big at all . I decided to pay an extra $ 30 to buy a refurbished TI-89 . It looks like new and works perfectly . My advice is if you do n't need CAS , pay a $ 20 more to get a new TI-83 or 84 . If you do , buy a refurbished TI-89 from a good seller .
 I 've been working with this calculator for more than two months . My advice ? Wait ! Wait for updates and upgrades . First , I have to agree with another reviewer who was so angry with the documentation
 I probably would have given this product three stars , but I feel that I must balance some of the overly generous grades given by other reviewers . I do not believe that a product that merely works merits a five star rating.The Nspire CAS has the hardware potential to be a quantum upgrade to the aging TI-89 , which is based upon late 1980 's processor technology . And yet , at the time this review is being written , the TI-89 is a generally more powerful and easy-to-use programmable calculator than the Nspire CAS.The built-in software of the TI-89 is very mature , and has much more programming capability than the Nspire CAS . This enables it to run thousands of free user-supplied programs , which can be readily downloaded into the '89 from the internet -LRB- via a PC -RRB- using only software freely available from TI . The Nspire CAS , by contrast , has no `` free '' connectivity to the PC or internet . Even if it had this , it can not run programs written for the '89 due to the lack of many programming features , like input/output and menus.Possibly TI will remedy the deficiencies in the Nspire CAS programming capability in time , but one should not purchase a product that might be upgraded at some indefinite time when a product that already has the needed features is available right now.I believe that TI is aware of the foregoing and other deficiencies in the Nspire CAS -LRB- many mentioned by other reviewers here -RRB- . That 's why they 've priced the Nspire CAS about the same as the TI-89 Titanium , despite the Nspire 's superior processor -LRB- potentially 3x faster execution -RRB- , massively larger -LRB- 20x -RRB- user memory capability , and somewhat better display.In the end , it 's the software that does the work , whether on a calculator or a full-fledged computer . The TI-89 has proven to be an enduring example of superb hardware/software integration and value engineering , whereas the Nspire CAS , mostly due to immature software , is a beta product masquerading as a production release.I am hopeful that the TI Nspire CAS will eventually supercede the TI-89 . Given software capability that is merely the equal to that available with the TI-89 , the Nspire CAS would today be the superior value proposition . Alas , that 's not yet the case .
 . . but it 's not.This latest TI has given the classroom teacher power to show students some pretty cool demostrations , but nothing that you could n't find online , in color and for free!The new document-based framework is clumsy . Want to multiply two numbers ? . . oh wait , you 'll need to create a new `` Calculator Document '' for that . Want to change from radian to degree mode ? okay , simply select `` Home '' then go to `` System Info '' . In the drop down menu , coose `` Document Settings '' . Scroll down to `` Angle '' ... Gim me a break!or more accurately
 I would stay away from this thing like the plague until TI unlocks the drm-type locks it has to prevent assembly programs , and high-quality dialog based basic programs.Without said features , it 's really a high power adding machine -LRB- even without the CAS it 's totally worthless against a ti89/ti92/ti-voyager which can be tailored and dramatically enhanced with user created softwares -LRB- see
 My two stars rating is based entirely on my frustration at the pathetic documentation which comes with this potentially revolutionary and definitely non-intuitive product . I 'm trying to figure out how I can possibly get up to speed so I can use this for my trigonometry homework that is due in a few days and a test in about a week ; I 'm not feeling hopeful.I just got my ti-nspire CAS and I thought I 'd read the documentation , since the paradigm is quite different from traditional calculators and navigation of the product is far from obvious.While this may be a revolutionary advance in calculators -LRB- as it is more a smart , math notebook than a mere calculator and I can imagine it might elevate math to a new plateau if successful -RRB- , WHERE IS THE COMPREHENSIVE TUTORIAL AND WELL ORGANIZED/INDEXED DOCUMENTATION YOU 'D EXPECT FROM A PRODUCT THIS COMPLEX , INNOVATIVE , AND BOTH LONG AND EXPENSIVE IN DEVELOPMENT?The manual is practically useless as it launches into arcane aspects of the machine seemingly ASSUMING you 've been using something like this all your life . The unit comes with a CD-Rom , so I next turned to that for help.There are a handful of very short and very shallow tutorial video clips , and there is an on-disk guidebook - which turns out to be nothing but the pathetically inadequate 126 paper handbook presented all over again . What is wrong with the decision makers at TI ? Are they math smart but utterly devoid of common sense ?? WOULD IT REALLY BE TOO MUCH TO ASK , OR WOULD IT HAVE BLOWN THE BUDGET , FOR TI TO HAVE COMMISSIONED A ONE HOUR DVD-ROM GENTLE AND COMPREHENSIVE INTRODUCTION TO THIS REVOLUTIONARY MACHINE ? Would n't common sense and their own best interests have suggested such a thing ? Would n't that likely have increased sales by word of mouth recommendations from early adopters ... instead of encouraging poor reviews ? Would n't that decision , that investment , in thorough documentation have paid off probably a thousand fold in new sales ? Did absolutely nobody involved in the project have any common sense or was this purely a penny wise but dollar stupid decision on the part of upper management ? Or maybe T.I. thought this was all a good joke - play `` hide the cheese '' with consumers?I have a feeling I may eventually learn to love this machine but , clearly , I am going to have to go through a lot of pain and wasted hours first.SHAME ON TEXAS INSTRUMENTS . SHAME . SHAME . SHAME . SHAME . I 'm really angry when I would much rather be excited . -- As I said , I just got my calculator and I am writing this after only two to three hours of trying to make some sense of the myriad keys and the dramatically new paradigm ... with , effectively , no help from Texas Instruments.I CONFESS I tend to be particularly harsh on products which hold aspects of potential greatness but appear to have been ineptly documented or finished with deep , obvious , flaws still showing . I HATE having my time wasted for lack of something so relatively simple as decent documentation . This seems to be such a case.As I figure out how to use this thing , assuming I do before I give up in disgust and go back to my old calculator , I will attempt to update my review with more details and , maybe , a few hints on lessons learned the hard way . Maybe I 'll bump my score . However , I have to say , TI could earn a lot of brownie points from me , and garner better reviews , if they would rush out with an apology and an adequate introductory documentation system so we do n't HAVE to learn everything the hard way ! I suggest -LRB- although I should n't have to suggest -RRB- : -LRB- 1 -RRB- a 1-2 hour guided introduction to the paradigm , buttons , and hidden features on DVD ROM . This could probably be completed in a month or so if they made up their minds - I do n't care about perfect presentation on camera ; anything would be better than the near nothing we have at this point . -LRB- 2 -RRB- a cross referenced and easily searchable index of all the text documentation which is on the CD -LRB- you can search the pdf via adobe but I would like to see something more friendly -RRB- . Once again , TI , you are showing why you have - too many times in the past - been an early leader but an ultimate `` also ran '' in many consumer marketed products . Yes , I know you dominate the engineering calculator market at this point , having taken that lead from HP , but this is not how you keep your lead . It seems obvious to me that this product was intended to address , among other things , the complexity of earlier models . And you should know , from reading reviews of earlier advanced models , that you 've been heavily criticized for grossly inadequate documentation . So the lack of adequate documentation is , to my mind , particularly inexcusable .
 I had long loved my TI-85 , but it finally met it 's doom after going thru three highschool careers between me and the kids . I bought the CAS as a replacement and felt comfortable immediately with the calculator . After a few months the software mysteriously erased itself -LRB- no OS installed -RRB- , so I worked on reinstalling . The only issue is that you must purchase additional software from TI and they could not care less about your device that crashed and that you already paid for it.It 's sad a calculator company ca n't continue their use of stable software and after it fails wo n't back it up .
 Very un user friendly . This calculator makes even the basic tasks seem hard sometimes because of the way that you have input some data.This calculator has great potential , and can do great things as long as you have a good thick manual telling you how to set up and program your calculator . And how to read and convert the settings.My calculator also decides to think for you and change your output from decimal to fractions on a regular basis . Annoying and time consuming to reset the program especially if this happens in the middle of a problem.I would not recommend this calculator to anyone until Texas instruments makes it more user friendly.But if your school is part of the TI Mafia -LRB- like mine is -RRB- and demands this calculator get a good manual -LRB- not a TI manual -RRB- and start practicing as soon as possible so that you are familiar with it 's quirks.Some schools are also offering classes on how to use this calculator , TAKE THEM.It will help you out immensely .
 I bought the calculator and thought the software license was included in the price . It turns out that I paid for the license , but there is a disconnect between Amazon and Texas Instruments and no amount of phone calls can resolve the issue . The calculator is nice , the software interesting , but I would not recommend buying this system from Amazon .
 This is the worse product I ever bought ! My son used it for one day and it stopped working . We changed the batteries and it did not fix the problem .
 We ordered the TI_Nsprie CAS and were sent the TI_Nspire CAS + . Not at all the same caluclator , does not look like the picture , and does not perform in the same way as calculator we wanted .
 I bought this calculator because it was required for my son 's AP Calculus class . I still do not understand why the TI-89 was not good enough . The software that came with the calculator is only a trial version , and I will have to pay another $ 90 on top of the $ 160 I paid for the calculator to keep it . I think that is ridiculous ! Not only that , but since the Nspire is so advanced , he will have to use his TI-83 for the test anyway . Also , this calculator is NOT available at the stores indicated on the TI website - the link takes you to the TI-84 with Nspire keyboard , which apparently is not good enough for the class . The only place it could be purchased was Amazon or the TI store -LRB- and I noticed today that it is no longer available through the TI store . -RRB- I have not actually used the calculator , and the only comment my son made is that he no longer has to `` do the change of base formula '' before graphing a logarithm problem . After decades of praising TI for its products and support , I am very disappointed with this calculator .
 Beware . The item listing for this and some of the other Wausau card stock paper says it 's 500 count , but if you read the description or check the item number with other vendors , this item is in fact only 250 sheets of paper instead of 500 . Hopefully , it was just a typo on the part of Shoplet and they will rectify it soon .
 KANYE WEST MAKES SO MUCH MONEY WITH HIS ALBUMS WHY DOESNT HE DONATE HIS OWN MONEY FOR HURRICANE RELIEF AND STARVATION INSTEAD HE SPENDS IT ON JEWELRY WHEN THERES KIDS STARVING AROUND THE WORLD . ROC A FELLA SUCKS AND NAS SHOULDVE NEVER GAVE HIM THE PLEASURE OF BEING IN HIS ALBUM . KANYE IS A NAS WAN NA BE .
 This cd is not good at all.This is a waste of time you better off going to the show .
 all rap and hiphop and r & b is so boring . how could anyone listen to this crap . go head . add this piece of what you call music to your collection . WASTE YOUR MONEY ! or maybe not ... maybe spending your money wisley on music that is actually MUSIC ! like say ummmmm ... metallica , godsmack , pantera , evanescence , hatebreed , nirvana , linkin park , ... catch my drift . RAP , R&B , HIP HOP SUCKS !!!!!!!!! ROCK/METAL RULES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The much aclaimed Jon Brion production just makes everything sound kinda like movie music . He shoulda got the dude from the High Llamas to do the strings . If he had I coulda bronzed the rest of my CD collection and hung it on the mantle , because this is all I would have wanted to listen to . As is , its the most boring `` all time classic '' since U2 .
 Probably one of the best records of all time . Kanye West goes to outshine every hip hopster ever with this album and his amazing rhymes and lyrics . Probably my favorite part of this album occurs on the hit single `` Gold Digger '' with Kanye 's buddy Ra ... Jamie Foxx.In this amazing feat of skillz , Kanye rhymes `` 18 years '' with `` 18 years '' in the line : `` 18 years , 18 yearsShe got one of yo kids got you for 18 years `` He then follows it up with an even more amazing task of rhyming `` money '' with `` money '' with `` money '' and follows it up with rhyming all 3 `` money 's '' with one more `` money '' , as follows : `` She was spose to buy ya shorty TYCO with ya moneyShe went to the doctor got lypo with ya moneyShe walkin around lookin like Micheal with ya moneyShould of got that insured got GEICO for ya money '' ! AMAZING ! Bring on the Grammys !
 Man , the only good thing this guy ever did was the beat for Talib Kweli 's Just To Get By.I am so sick of what hip hop has become . I 'm so sick of rich rappers constantly talking about `` street cred '' and `` representin ' ma peoples '' when they are in fact wealthy business entrepeneurs who own clothing lines and massive mansions . I 'm tired of the culture and the media that glorifies them . I 'm tired of useless worthless rappers who come out and own the world 's attention for 15 minutes before fading from view altogether only to be replaced by the next flavor of the month . Hip hop , like punk rock , used to be an urban art form , a music that was the voice of disaffected street youth . Since then , it has become anything but . `` President Bush does n't care about black people ! '' . I have a newsflash for you Kanye
 damn gold digger 's all over the airwaves and it 's terrible ! poor jamie foxx . starred in ray now he thinks he can sing like ray . much like jlo starring as selena made her think she could sing . what a bunch of clowns ...
 After purchasing this product , I was excited to listen to it on my record player -LRB- Pro-Ject Debut III -RRB- . After dropping the needle , I was utterly disappointed in the sound quality . The record , to my ears , was un-listenable . I tried the B side of the record to see if maybe something had happened during the pressing of the A side , but the sound was just as bad . I returned the album -LRB- first return ever -RRB- , utterly disappointed.TL ; DR
 This is a truly weak and dissapointing effort . I beleive Kanye is very overrated . . I mean the guy can NOT FLOW !! ... He simply can not rap . Why people seem to think this is briiliant is a mystery .
 This album sucks first of all golddigger got played out , i neverliked it.Then Kanye says Bush do n't like Black People , what about whites , He do n't like them ether.Then the beats are wack , Kayneneeds to keeps some of theese beats for himself.P.S . The Kid 's review who said Kayne 's better than 2pac nas , man Kayne has no chance with pac or nas , especially nas he already took down one roc artist.do the knowledge idiot .
 When this album first came out , I almost felt obligated to rant and rave about how good it was because of all the hype . There was , and still is , so much hype about it and to be completely honest , it 's not what they say it to be.His debut album , College Dropout was excellent , and he deserved all of the acclaim for it , but this here is something different . This is so lackluster and boring . Seems like he gave his best beats away , because Late Registration 's production is very lazy . Jon Brion might have done miracles for Fiona Apple , but Kanye , no.To all reading this , I 'm not even trying to hate . I was a big Kanye fan , but this album is definitely his worst material and a sophmore slump . So as you see it on the `` Top Albums of 2005 '' and the fact that it 's two times platinum , just know that this , in my opinion , is not worth any of the hype . Get a better album , of his first one , as an alternative gift to Late Registration this season.-Nathaniel
 I find it very difficult to really get into Kanye 's rapping style . I try , and try , and try . I fail to understand what the appeal is . I agree with many reviewers that the beats are great . However lyrically , Dr. Suess writes better rhymes . Incidentally , they both sell entertainment to the same demographic.Mr . West may not be much of a rapper , however , he appears to be a great businessman . It used to mean something when you protested a president or a war . Now the face of the anti-war counterculture drives Bentlys and drinks Moet . One thing is certain
 I thought the High School Dropout was a pleasant surprise and a nice soulful hip hop album that actually had a positive message . It was fun , entertaining and thought provoking , something rarely accomplished in hip hop . Sure some of the production techniques like the chipmunk voice got a little old and his whole I hate college schtick was kind of dumb but it was a good album overall.So when his new album came out , I had the same feeling I get when a promising young rap artist puts out a sophomore release , it 's gon na suck , and suck hard . Well , I liked it at first . On a base level the production is good and some of the lyrics are insightful , but when you rub off the shine of the glossy production , you see something that is n't really that impressive.Kanye West 's second effort Late Registration is a deceptively good mix of conscious lyrics and inovative production . But then you listen to Adam Levine sing on the opening track Heard Em Say for the third time and you realize , Adam Levine ca n't sing , why is he on the first song of the album . Then you hear Gold digger and the first three or four times you bob your head because the beat is great . Then you begin to realize that Jammie Foxx is still milking his Ray Charles gig , and that the lyrics are kind of funny but kind of assinine.Diamonds From Sierra Leone is the most obvious song on the album . Kanye was probably thinking he wanted to write a song about diamonds , so he sampled Diamonds are Forever . Gee , I bet he had to search hard for that one . And his lyrics about conflict diamonds are laughable . It 's not like he sat down to research the problem , it 's like someone gave him cliff notes on the issue and he wrote a song about it.The worst song on the album is We Major , which features one of the best MC 's of all time Nas , being drowned out by a Phil Spectorish wall of sound . Nas should not be rapping on a song like this , he should be on something that showcases his skills.So in short , Kanye still hates college , still is a sub-par lyricist , and his production has become cliche and commercial . This is the worst deceptively good album since American Idiot by Green Day . Late Registration does n't hold up through multiple listenings .
 pure and simple . ohh and i love the way the lovers give bad reviews for other albums . heres one for you -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Really , I am serious ... is this a joke ? Are these good reviews jokes ? Wait ! Is Kayne entering reviews himself ? Must be that . By the way , did n't see his complaining self down in the trenches in New Orleans . Oh yeah , wait , that is only for the poor to have to do . He just complains and mouths people , does n't actually do labor . I am sure he sent millions though . Good job Kayne , pat yourself on the back AGAIN .
 so basicaly i was like al other looking forward to this cd and yayos . i was looking at the songs and who they faeatured and i awa one was game so i was also lookin for ward to that song . what a letdown . game might say a total of 5 words in that song . kanyes gone soft no `` gangsta '' beats no nothing download or burn it or get yayos
 is adam levine tryin to get into rap or somethin , i mean he 's on the ying yang twins album too . gold digger got played out in a week . diamonds was wack . the album 's production made massacre 's sound like a genius produced it . he even ripped of tupac with hey mama . if you do like commercial hip hop buy . if you like eminem , pac , biggie , nas , chamillionaire , snoop , or artists like them drop this album and run with your hands on your ears ! if i could i would n't even give a star
 Ahh remember that warm fuzzy filled moment Kanye made on tv after the hurrican ? Yeah I 'm sure Mike Meyers felt right at home . Tsk tsk , what an embarrassment to the rap community . Ya see , if I ca n't respect the actual person who makes the music , I ca n't like the music . However , the music sucks anyway , and I 'll tell you why.Intro sounds like a drunken hobo , I can barely understand him.Mixing a dude from a pop group with pop rap ? Yeah , it 's sounds like a recipe for homogenized commercial junk , and it is!Golddigger - Oh boy ... they he goes with the cliche lyrics again . He 's trying to make a point about how golddigger chicks are n't cool and I agree , but then throws in with the most trite chorus ever - `` Get down gurl go ` head get down '' . Maybe I 'm a fool but I just do n't see the point.All the skits involve a fraternity complaining how they 're poor and wont be able to get chicks and I 'm supposed to feel sorry for them or something?roses - kanye trying to be tough by cussing constantly , just quit while you 're ahead please.Ok I 'm sick of complaining now , I think you get the idea . But hey , as long as you took the precious time to read this I 'll steer ya in the right direction towards some quality rap : Run DMC , Das EFX , Onyx , Tupac , A Tribe Called Quest , Public Enemy , Pete Rock & CL Smooth , Pharcyde , Digital Unerground , NWA , etc. . Yeah I 'm probably going to get future reviewers who will badmouth me but whatever.b!th
 Rap taken to a new low.Kanye - sell some of your bling and take some music lessons . While you are at it , get your GED so you can pull together some sensical rhymes.Lame , weak and racist - nice combination .
 I loved College Dropout so much . I wore that CD out like nobody 's business . Even though my interest in Kanye waned as his tremendous ego took over his personality , I was still eagerly anticipating the release of Late Registration . Knowing the extent of Kanye 's potential , I figured he would get me to like him again . I was wrong.This insipid garbage is barely listenable . The tracks are super overproduced , this from someone who claimed to mix down Diamonds from Sierra Leone 17 times . The production overpowers the basic , boring , bland lyrics , which might just be a good thing . His arrogance is clear as he extrapolates the beat forever after the verses are complete . The only standout song on there is `` Hey Mama , '' which is certainly not appropriate for everyday listen.I gave the ambitious man two stars for the production and lyrics that were actually passable , but I could never think of giving him more . He certainly did n't give me more .
 This guy 's a clown . He loves to run his mouth but has nothing to say . He reminds me of every stupid middle class 14 year old , spouting trite ideas and thinking he 's being `` revolutionary '' while sampling every damn one of his songs . His beats suck and he really ca n't rap . He 's either a shrewd businessman with no sense of artistic integrity ; peddling boring tripe to the babies , or an honest to god simpleton with delusions of grandeur . Poser either way . Worse than Sean Combs , and thats a tough one to pull off .
 Charlie Rose had Kanye on his show a few weeks ago . Kanye talked confidently about his ability to make music , going so far as to compare himself to Jay-Z . Upon listening to Kanye 's latest album , Late Registration , however , I scratched my head in befuddlement as to how this fellow could be viewed as a genius amongst his rap/R & B ; brethren and the hordes of fans that flock to the local music store in order to purchase his newest installments.Then it hit me , the guy is a `` genius . '' Not because his music is revolutionary or limitlessly inspiring , but because he knows how to sell his product . Here are the ways , in case you 're an aspiring musical artist : # 1 . Promote yourself as much as possible . This is best done by building up an aura around your own self by smoking big , fat cigars , comparing yourself to Jay-Z , and BEGGING -LRB- as he did with Registration -RRB- people to buy your work . # 2 . Go on national live TV and play the race card . Whether or not Kanye was right is not the point , because his record sales cruised to over 950,000 after his on-air act of self-admitted hypocrisy . Landblasting presidents is nothing new to the world . There 's plenty of left-over hippies out there who can attest to that . But for our generation , one that has nothing to moan about , listening to a half-talent like Kanye West tell us where to vent -LRB- right around the same time he has an album come on - convenient , eh ? -RRB- our disgruntlement , all the while knowing it will create sales and name recognition is one step down from shameless . Then again , if money 's all that matters , then Kanye truly is a genius.Kanye West has dubbed himself the next great thing . With that type of sentiment , one should prepare himself accordingly . I went into my listening process of Mr. West expecting great things . What I received in return was nothing new under the sun.This music is hardly profound . I 've heard these types of songs before . Kanye is only a genius when it comes to his marketing ploys . And for that , he gets a 5 star rating . For his music , sadly , I think he 's closer to a 2 on this album.I 'm sure Kanye will turn out okay , with or without a novice like me endorsing him . After all , `` He 's got angels watchin him from afar . '' Not to mention a few impressionable kids with too much time and money who turned on NBC on Friday , September 9th and went away from the telecast knowing where to put it .
 I have to say as a producer kanye has some nice skills ... lyrics pure joke ... his lyrics are some of the most simpilistica i have heard a mixture of will smith and nelly ... and thats a bad combanation ... i am one that listens to music for its content and the true art form not ... FOR BAND WAGONS ... and this is the case with this over rated , , , big headed kanye ... OK I HAD TO REVIEW ... IF YOU LIKE HIS SINGLE I GUESS YOU WILL LIKE THIS ... TRUE HIP HOP HAS LOST ITS TRU FORM
 Kanye West should be compared to the hair/metal bands of the 80 's , all flare and no delivery , a badly dressed corporate tool and people like him because the music scene is n't producing anything better right now . This guy is a joke in every aspect of the word and his fans will be to embarrassed to admit ever listening to him a few years from now .
 When this album first came out , I almost felt obligated to rant and rave about how good it was because of all the hype . There was , and still is , so much hype about it and to be completely honest , it 's not what they say it to be.His debut album , College Dropout was excellent , and he deserved all of the acclaim for it , but this here is something different . This is so lackluster and boring . Seems like he gave his best beats away , because Late Registration 's production is very lazy . Jon Brion might have done miracles for Fiona Apple , but Kanye , no.To all reading this , I 'm not even trying to hate . I was a big Kanye fan , but this album is definitely his worst material and a sophmore slump . So as you see it on the `` Top Albums of 2005 '' and the fact that it 's two times platinum , just know that this , in my opinion , is not worth any of the hype . Get a better album , of his first one , as an alternative gift to Late Registration this season.-Nathaniel
 Does anyone else see that Kanye West is very overrated?I gave this cd a chance . My co-workers listened to it about twelve times today , and think that it is the best cd they have ever heard before . He is really not THAT sweet . Gold Digger is a decent song , but will be played out soon . The rest of the album is bland , while being somewhat creative but uneven ... it left me very unfulfilled.There are many better rap cds , mostly released in 1996-2001 , but this cd is strictly average . I am sick of seeing Kanye on tv , magazine covers , etc. because he is OVERRATED . It 's not like he sucks , but he is no Pac , BIG , Jay-Z , Eminem , etc. .
 First off , Kanye West is about as mediocre a rapper as it comes . He looks plain , sounds plain , and if it was n't for the controversy that surrounds him , everyone would be like `` Who Cares ? '' But while he sings about Jesus and lives like he is a prophet , there is no substance to him and his music . Lame beats , hypocritical lyrics , this is the core of what is wrong in secular music today . His interviews show him as arrogant , racist , and unlovable , but it is selling his music and that 's what he cares about . So while his rapping voice is mediocre and his rhymes are abysmal and his life is lukewarm , he is sure to sell records galore and people will adore his hypocrisy -LRB- and their own hypocrisy -RRB- . So let 's be real for a second , because I am about to give you the best CD you will hear in years - it 's a mixture of rap and rock , with -LRB- real ! -RRB- beats , acoustic guitar , splashes of piano , and a voice that can sound like Chris Martin of Coldplay one second and then rap like LL Cool J the next ... buy today Mat Kearney 's `` Nothing Left To Lose . '' The best CD of 2006 and without an ounce of hyprocrisy while being true to himself .
 1 . Racist , sexist lyrics2 . No artistic merit3 . Commercial garbage4 . Waste of moneyHow can you be ghetto and rap about how hard life is when you 're raking in millions . Fake ass muthaf ` er.Kanye West is one of the 5 % wealthiest people in America and he 's gon na tell me about how the man is keepin him down?He is `` The Man '' using his accountants to use tax loopholes so that working people pay most of the taxes.Even though this is his 2nd album , he 's a 1 hit wonder and will be forgotten after Golddigger has been played out.See ya !
 I have yet to figure out why people think Kanye is so inventive & original , when he sounds like everything that 's been on so called `` hip hop '' radio for the past 6 or so years . Fortunatly , there are a few cuts on here that are tight , & I emphasize `` few '' . Deffinitly listen to it before you buy , it 's one of those BEYOND overated albums . If you want some real hip hop , & not just this commercial garbage , go check out someone from Project Blowed or even Fort Minor , which really surprised me . It 's real hip hop , coming from a guy , who some would diss for being in a rock/rap hybrid group . Keep in mind , I 'm not here to back Kanye , I 'm just pointing out what I hear . I listen to ALOT of hip hop , & I also flip by the radio from time to time , & this album , for the most part , just sounds like your average commercial rap album , maybe with less bling .
 I was absolutely livid and furious when I saw this JERK steal 3 grammys.This dork is amongst the worst rappers of all time and this is as lousy as music can get.OVERRATED WITH A CAPITAL O.AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.ZERO STARS .
 Kanye West aka Kon Man Least does n't do much for me musically . dude ca n't Rap , same ole Sped up trick with Sampling , Looping & speeding up vocals that was cool back in 1985 . I give Him Hustle Points , but as a Artist He is Vastly Overrated & I got ta believe He spent some of His Album Budget at buying off Magazines , Radio , etc. . . because the Cuts on here are just basically Poor Rehases of His Debut Album . I can tolerate His contradictions as a Writer , but certain things are repeated to the point that it just gets so boring . if His Music was matched His Ego then I could see Him getting some of the Hype He gets.but getting the cover of `` Time '' Magazine behind another Average album is a Bit much.He basically reminds me of a Poor Man 's Puffy/Diddy with a bit more Musicality .
 We waited on the delay for this ? Another overrated drop from the ROC . How about something without samples for each song ? He outdid himself with the first album , and there is no way that this will ever top it . It must have been too good to be true , knowing that he was voted the most unlikely to succeed in the ROC . This album is mediocre , played out old samples that are just rapped over . What a disappointment . I 'm happy I did n't actually pay for this album otherwise I would be trying to get my money back .
 i think that kanye 's first album was way better -LRB- besides the two workout plans -RRB- . the only good thing about this album was the sample and the callaborations . i really did n't enjoy it
 To start off I am not a fan of Kanye
 Blue Racer
 Yuck , this album is crap . I bought the album just to find out what all the buzz was about and altho I played it all I had to gave it away the next day . Uh , whats the deal with this guy and his way to show off everything he ows ? Geez ... what a crap self steem ... Golddigger was fun but the lyrics are probably one of the dumbest ones Iver ever heard ... and yet this album was in the top of billboard and rolling stone names it one of the best of 2005 ... what happened to music for Gods sake ? ... put your feet on the ground West and stop acting and writting like an axe ...
 This guy has to be one of the worst acts in music history . And his pathetic attitude does not help either , not to mention his inferiority complex . I ca n't believe this guy is winning Grammies for the crap he produces . I thought P Diddy was the end of music , I was wrong , this is even worse .
 Question of the year
 Kanye West is one of the most arrogant and egotistical artists alive . And why ??? All of his songs sample other artists ' musical creations!Try writing your own songs for a change Kanye , and then we 'll see if you can live up to the hype ... I just do n't understand why no one in this day and age can write an original song !
 Thats exactly what this album did to me , put me to sleep . Dont get me wrong i Loved college dropout and i love his 2 singles of this album `` golddigger '' and `` diamonds '' , but im sorry the rest of the album doesnt do anything for me.One thing about Kanye that angers me is the fact he has become very cocky . It seemed like college dropout he was just so happy to be in the rap game . He was a great producer but nobody would take him seriously as a rapper , and when Roc-a-fella gave him a chance he took it and ran with it and came out with a classic album . Now he just seems so cocky on late registration like he is the best thing to happen to hip hop because of 1 cd ???? The song that proves this the most and is called `` bring me down '' with brandy . Towards the beginning of the song Kanye states `` Since Pac passed away Most you rappers do n't even deserve a track from me '' . Did he even ever produce a song for Pac . Kanye wasnt in the game when Pac was so i dont understand how he could say this . This is just one example of the new Kanye west.It wasnt just him being cocky that bothers me , the whole album is very slow and boring . Kanye being such a good producer i expected many good beats on the album but most of it is slow and just bad.Overall it isnt the worst album ive heard but it is a big dropoff and the 21 tracks seem to take forever to get done .
 The Late Registration is not as good as the College Dropout.I do n't like any of the singles on this CD !! Diamonds from SierraLeone sucks !!!! And Golddigger is not apack of punch at all most people by December or early next year Late registration albums aregoing to be thrown out Quick !!!!! To me the Song And Album got played out Fast !!!! Jamie Foxxxmessed that song up . I do n't like any of the beats at all.Your better off buying BE from Common !!!!!!!! I gave Late registration to my friend , For free Idid n't even buy itOne of my friends gave it to me.All Chicago Rappers Suck !!!!!!!!!!
 I knew Kanye west would flop . The fact that he didnt made the top 200 album charts only speaks to the album overall quality . A truly WEAK and Dissapointing effort .
 Kanye 's lyrics are horrible , doesnt ANYONE realize they themselves can make better lyrics when they write reviews , i dont understand . He ca n't rhyme , and his lyrics arent deep they 're rant-like . Instead of being creative and making a strong intellectual point he just goes on with lame rhyming ` skills ' and we all praise him because hes on tv so hey . . he must be great right ? People dont realize the only reason hes good is because hes on tv , hes not making videos and albums BECAUSE hes good , he has the money of course hes going to . Hip hop is in a reallllllly sad state right now , its turned from inspirational and deep lyrics to beats that just happen to have lyrics over them , and we dont realize that its not the lyrics we like , its the beat . Take Kanyes voice out and listen to him acapella , trust me , you 'll laugh .
 Unbelievable that so many are unable to see throught this racist thug and his racist non-music . It 's no longer about the color of peoples skin-wake up ! It 's about the culture and lifestyles they choose to adopt . And the parents who let their kids listen to this garbage must be either crazy or ignorant . It 's sad that someone so poorly educated has such a powerful influence over the most disadvantaged .
 Pure Crap ! Keep up the great sampling , `` Fionna Apple Fan '' West.Best song on the album : You pick , They 're all s*@t!It really hurts me to see where hip-hop and rap has gone , and I have the upmost respect for Jay as a rapper/mc . I have loved Jay-Z 's music since I was a senior in '96 from Ca n't Knock the Hustle . But , if you do n't come back Jay , maybe Jim Jones is right when he said the Roc has crumbled !
 Go back to the Studio and try again . He better not win any awards for this crap .
 I think Kanye West is the most overated MC ... his production skills are str8 garbage and he 's the worst lyricist ever . Even the Bravehearts album is better . Save your money and do n't buy this weak a ** album . This LP is a waste of time to listen end a waste of money . I threw it through my window after a couple of minutes . Kanye do not deserves to be on the cover of Time ... it 's a shame . No style , no skills ... this is totally wack !!! Buy Boyz N da hood instead , this is a true classic .
 What is wrong with everyone . THIS and Rap IS NOT MUSIC . Any idiot can essentially use the same beat for every song with subtle differences and pathetic `` singing '' and usually about the same old subject material ; the block , the ghetto , the hood , homies , bling , b * tches etc etc. . How can this be nominated for a grammy when the music is created in a studio ? Grammy 's do not focus on artistic ability ; only how popular something is . For example Tool are probably the greatest band around today yet they have not won many awards . Political . LOL . Wow ... He said George Bush hates black people , no sh*t . We are dealing with the next Sherlock Holmes here . If you want political music try Rage Against the Machine for starters . Rap is for people who 's musical tastes have not progressed and for those who likely have a single digit IQ . Remember ; Rap is retards attempting poetry and you ca n't spell crap without rap . I mean you know you are successful when the majority of your audience wear their pants halfway down exposing their jocks and are under the age of 20 .
 This album does not contain any hits . Mediocre and on par with the first mediocre album .
 He 's suppose to be the savior of hip hop ??? This album was HORRIBLE ! This album was not up 2 par at all . Yo if you wan na hear a good album , go pick up that Young Jezzy - Lets Get It
 How can anyone in the general public even enjoy Kanye West . At best he is a medicore producer and lyicist . With that all the beats on the album sound like b sides to me . I ca n't believe somebody would put out garbage like this and acctually be proud of it . I can admit that Dimamonds is a good track and took skill to make but other cuts like Heard Em Say , come on . The Maroon 5 singer has no place in that song . Almost all the songs on this LP are simple and redundant . Whoever buys this album is beyond a sucker , you are a contribution to why hip-hop is in the state that it is in today .
 kanye west is the absolute worst rapper and producer ever ... man chingy skeets on this guy 5-times and still has enough juice to skeet on Tupac ... the worst ever
 I listened for close to 2 whole songs , but could n't finish it . The music sucks , plan and simple . I 'll stick my classical music instead of this nonsense ! Plus , after listening to his comments regarding President Bush , I should 've known that someone who needs an education ca n't sing .
 Although Kanye 's sound is unique , it fell well below expectations . I feel the best tracks are represented by radio airplay , and the rest are just , ok . Die hard fans will probably really enjoy this work , but as neither a lover nor hater of Kanye , i can say without bias that its not all that its hyped out to be . Beware , listen before you buy it .
 Someone 's playing this in the computer lab at this very moment ... Ugh ... Such uninspired beats ... Generic lyrics ... Kanye West does n't care about my ears . Now I have to listen to some Buckethead or Soilent Green to soothe my wounded soul .
 What is with all the hype regarding Kanye West ? Is it because he behaves outrageously to get attention for his CD ? This CD stinks . In my personal humble opinion , when an artist has to have guest artists on almost all of his songs , it just shows his insecurity in his own talent to carry the song by himself . This is an overhyped , rediculous CD and I hated it !!! And by the way Kanye , by changing one word for your `` Mama '' song does n't make it orignal . And you portrayel of Christ on Rolling Stone is the most outrageous and offensive act you have committed to date and for this may God forgive you poor soul .
 I like Kanye West , but I was really dissappointed with thisCD , the only song on this CD that really appealed to mewas `` Goldigger '' .
 What happened to Kanye West and College Dropout that was a classic . This is just awful and garbage . The beats the lyrics and even the guests were bad lyrically . I used to respect him not now . I mean come on you need Maroon 5 to help your album that is sad . Get some real rap like Ice Cube , Tupac , or DMX .
 Kanye ca n't produce ... possibly the worst beats ever made in the history of Hip Hoppick up Lil Jon Crunck Juice Instead
 One thing 's for sure
 I can not believe how overrated Kanye is . Let me start by saying that I thought College Dropout was a `` good '' CD -LRB- certainly better than this one -RRB- and I was eager to hear his follow up . There were some songs on College Dropout that sucked , but tracks like `` School Spirit , '' `` The New Workout Plan , '' and `` Breathe In , Breathe Out '' were a refreshing change of pace from the usual mainstream hip-hip . Even overplayed tracks like `` Slow Jamz '' and `` All Falls Down '' were great songs before they were pounded in to your head 1000 times . `` Get 'Em High '' was one of the best rap songs I had heard in years and this gave me high hopes for Kanye 's abilities to make his follow up album even better . Well , I was wrong.Late Registration is one of those albums that I really want to like . After reading numerous fantasitic reviews , including a 5-star review from Rolling Stone -LRB- which is next to impossible to get -RRB- , I figured that this album HAD to be great . After listening to it , I am not only disappointed , but confused as to why people like this boring direction that hip-hop is taking . Kanye is a decent rapper and a good producer when he wants to be , but this album just does nothing for me . After a few listens , there are only two songs that I think are worthy of being called `` 5 star '' material . The first is `` Golddigger '' , which is extremely catchy and well-produced . However , in another month when the radio and clubs play it to death , it will likely be one of those songs that you never want to hear again . My favorite song on the album is `` Drive Slow '' , which is a very solid track where Paul Wall helps to spice things up.Besides these two songs , the album is packed with average songs that I am hoping will grow on me -LRB- `` Addiction '' & `` Hey Mama '' -RRB- and songs that flat-out suck -LRB- `` Touch The Sky '' and the god-awful , over-7-minute , lesson-in-torture track `` We Major '' -RRB- . People seem to love Kanye because he is taking hip-hop in a different direction and being innovative in creating his own sound . That 's all good , but who cares if you are being different if the music you create sucks . Sure , Kanye does n't just rap about money , hoez , and cars , but I 'd rather hear someone like Ludacris or Nelly rap about these played-out topics if they are doing it a creative way , over a bangin ' beat with a catchy chorus.Kanye may be experimenting in areas that most rappers do n't , but these areas are not explored for a reason . Like making a track with Maroon 5 ? They suck enough as it is on their own -- no need to destroy the opening track on Kanye 's CD by putting Adam Levine on there . John Mayer must have been making man-love with Ben from Ben Folds Five that day , so Kanye had to bring in Maroon 5 instead . If he wanted some good rock influence he should have called System of a Down , 311 or Rob Zombie ... that would have been much more interesting . They whole pansy-rock mixed with slow hip-hop thing does n't work . Kanye obviously steered away from the sound of the best tracks on College Dropout and drew inspiration from depressing soul music and bland hip-hop instead.Bottom line , Kanye is overrated and there is nothing fantastic about most of his music . I can honestly say that I got more enjoyment out of the Bizarre CD than this . If you want some `` innovative '' hip-hop , check out Tech N9ne . Let 's hope that Kanye West graduates from college and takes a new direction on his next album .
 Why do people love this guy so much ? I honestly have never liked even one of his songs . He is terrible . Go listen to a song like Diamonds and ask yourself is that really `` rap '' ? Kanye West 's music is way more pop than rap . I just wish my man Biggie and 2Pac were still here so we could listen to some real rap music from people with actual talent . Do n't support talentless people like Kanye West . If you want to buy a real rap CD buy Ready to Die , the debut masterpiece by the late great Notorious B.I.G.Kanye sucks .
 I loved College Dropout . Dope , dope album . Remember when Kanye compared himself to Tribe ? WTF happened Kanye ? His ego took over and in his quest to attain classic status he made a generic new-school , overly commercial rap album that is just plain terrible . Alright there 's a few good songs on here but NONE of them are as good as the stand-out tracks from Dropout . Thanks for putting another nail in hip-hop 's coffin Kanye , props .
 Kanye West is very arrogant and needs to come off his high horse ! He acts as if somebody owes him something . I do n't like him as a person , so naturally i do n't like his music . Never have and never will . The way he starts behaving around Grammy time makes me sick . What is his favorite saying '' If I dont win it 's going to be problems '' ! Dude your music aint all that and on top of that he samples alot ! Come up with your own stuff instead of using everybody 's stuff from the old school . Late registration was listened to while i was riding with my boyfriend in his car and I only liked one song :1 . Drive slow -LRB- i love paul wall -RRB- Kanye needs to realize that there a alot of talented artists that do n't always win the Grammy 's even though they deserved it , For example India Arie she deserved all 9 of them grammys she was nominated for , but she did n't even win not a one , but you did n't see her acting stupid !
 This C.D. sucks man , straight up . Kayne 's mom Is more of asmart ass but in a different way , Get it Hhahahahahahaha !!!!! Let me break it down on this c.d. first diamonds from sierraleone is wack even the remix on the album witt jay-z stillmade the album suck . And the second single golddigger got too many plays on the radio . That song Made Kayne a pop star . Straight up !!! And , oh yeah goldigger most people by nowthe song is getting played out . I never liked it . That 's why I borrowed it and Burned A Copy to try it out . So i could listen to the piece of $ hit n just giv it to a loser who like that fagg . Jamie cant sing thats the main problem in this game and on this record . Especially with this album . And Kayne when he ruins the Golddigger song again When he says Bush Do n't Like Black people.Kaynes just using that to get money for his retarted charity . Oh yeah kayne needs to go back and look at the footage on cnn or one of them in new orelans bush is helping a whole bunch of coons and also in africa he goes all over tha world.He needs to watch t.v. to see how much of an ass he is . And I got 2messages to West , bush hates eveybody u retart who did n't graduate college not just blacks.and also , WHAT ABOUT WHITE PEOPLE !!!! Theres white people who are getting heads blown off in tha war jackass.And hez a straight up hypacrit . Because one minute hez talkin bout being a saved christin then hez makin racial slurs bout whites i take dat personal because im half white . I hope his carrer flocks and I hope he never gits a grammy and that he burns in hell . Do n't buy this Garbage just get the import cd of golddigger it will save u 9 bucks or download it from napster or rhapsody for $ 0.99 I guarrente That the rest oftha C.D. theres no more tracks like goldigger . Thats what most people want out of kayne , i can care less . ~ 1 ~
 Ever had blood profusely Oozing from your ears ???? Well if you have n't and want to experience it , buy the Late Registration cd . I would rather pay $ 15 to watch 4 monkeys hump a football than EVER listen to another track from this CD again . You know those times where you just need a hug from mom , well after I listened to this CD it was one of those times . So in all , grabbing some 100 grit sandpaper and rubbing one out till bleeding or chaffing occurs would be more pleasurable than listening to this CD . To bad this cocky racist did not get washed away by hurricane Katrina !!!
 Initially , I bought this album with cash . Then , after thinking it over , I returned it and purchased it again with my debit card . I 'm sorry , but I just ca n't justify using up my last twenty-dollar bill when I could easily use funds already IN my bank account to fund the purchase . YA FEEL ME ?! Anyhow , here we are . Kanye West has recorded another CD , and just as I predicted to my cellmates a few weeks ago , he 's used the EXACT same formula as `` College Dropout '' . The CD starts with some words and music , then after a few minutes , THAT sequence of words and music stops , and ANOTHER sequence of words and music begins . Sound familiar ? Yeah , you 've heard this before , when it was called `` College Dropout '' . Actually , it seems that Kanye ca n't even find enough inspiration in copying his OWN music - now it sounds like he 's copying OTHER PEOPLE 'S style . There are songs here that are in 4/4 time - uh , hello ??? Kanye ??? that 's already been DONE , homey ! And then , to add insult to injury , Kanye uses a verse/chorus/verse / chorus format in MANY of his songs . Pardon me , sir , but did n't the BEATLES do that already ? Nice ripoff , Captain Copyface.My good friend Jerry * claims * that these are common tools that many musicians use . But I was in a band once , and our lawyer used to tell us that we had to send royalties to every other musician alive , in order to ensure that we were n't using someone else 's idea . That got expensive , but at least we had peace of mind , knowing that we were n't profiting off someone else 's creativity . Mr. West , do YOU send royalty checks to every other musician alive ? I do n't think so . You 're probably too busy buying `` forgetfulness serum '' , so you can forget that you did n't think of any of these ideas.My friend Jerry is a fool . That 's why he lost his arm trying to repair a convection oven . Do n't buy this - you 'll be let down and sad , and I wo n't cry for you.Archie RedSox
 Your dollar is your vote in the hip hop industry . Kanye 's album is mediocre at best . There are several hip hop albums out right now that are far superior to Kanye 's ball of confusion . Yeah you 'll have to search for them but they are out there . Check out Mathematics from the Wu , MF Doom , MED -LRB- just to name a few -RRB- and all the other true artists that will most likely never get air play in the corporate controlled radio stations . in my personal opinion nowadays if an album gets radio air play it more than likely has no relavence to reality and should not be purchased unless there is a certain beat that is way to tight like the 50 cent / Mobb Deep collaboration . But why not just wait for it to be played on the radio in its 20 song rotation ? The radio and television stations are being used as propaganda tools to induce confusion in the masses in order to keep the masses brain numbed and to exert control.On the subject of Kanye being a racist , this is a completely false and ridiculous classification for any person belonging to a group of people with little or no power . To be a racist you must have power over another group of people and effect that power with ill intentions . I would describe Kanye more as being an uneducated opportunist without much originality . The `` Bush '' of the hip hop industry .
 When people start calling Kanye West one of the best new artists of the 21st century , you know something 's wrong .
 To paraphrase another reviewer for another CD , you should go and buy yourself a hammer . First to beat yourself with for buying this album , and secondly to smash the CD.I 'm not going to say Kanye West has no talent , because he has been known to make a few fire beats . However , this album is pure monotony . I 'm well aware that most rap is pretty self-centered and egotistical , but this takes it to a new level . Kanye 's ego is just too big.The album is the pinnacle of mediocrity , but has no staying power . People who listen to it might think `` this is the best album ever , '' but ask them a month later and they 'll just say it was `` aight . `` He really ca n't rap and his production , though pretty tight , is just repetitive . How many 70 's soul samples , sped up to sound like a chipmunk can one person really expect to find original?His EGO has gotten in the way of everything , I bet that if he were a nobody his beats would be 20 times better.I know this is non-album related , but Kanye 's antics over that past month -LRB- september 2005 -RRB- have really been infuriating . He came out against the president , not that I might , but he was just pompous on that issue . He also said that white people should n't use slang until at least a year and a half after black people have gotten tired of using it . The only thing I like is that he came out against homophobia in hip-hop , however , I saw him on another show freestyling and he dropped to gay-bashing lines .
 It 's hard to like Kanye when he portrays himself as the T.O. of rap - it 's good to be somewhat cocky in the rap industry , but Kanye takes its so far that if you 're of anyone composed of personal integritiy and self-respect , you should feel angry or at least bitter in listening to this bragadocious flash in the pan . I say that because despite his temporary lasting power in the past few years , people -LRB- of all races and musical preferences -RRB- get tired of people trying to be so over the top and likable , because they ultimately seem fake . Hooking up with adam levine of maroon 5 ? some people might see that as a creative and daring technique for Kanye , but I see it as a pathetic attempt to reach out to any audience he can - Kanye is so greedy and conceited that I do n't see how any self-respecting rap or music fan can give him the attention he so blatantly claims he deserves .
 The only person that is stupid enough to like Kanye West 's poor excuse for music or existance for that matter is Kanye West .
 First off , yea hes a fantastic producer , and he should have stuck to doing that , because when he opens his mouth nothing but ego comes out in the form of lacking ryhmes ... hey at least this album he stopped doing that hurr , thurrr , sturr thing that was on his first cd . But people praise his production like it was a gift of god , but if you mention rj2d , j dilla , madlib , or blockhead they look at you like you whack.The dude belows got it right , though im not sayng I dont own a few mainstream joints , people got ta stop liftin people like this up.last comment is i find it funny that a dude who grew up middle class thinks he has a right to rap about poverty and violence because hes black , if you poor you poor , those people are the only ones who should be rapping that .
 I ai n't gon na lie and say I 've heard the album and it sucks , but the first 2 single I have heard and they both suck . Therefore the album must suck . There are a lot of gullable white kids that will buy this album cause he dresses and acts like them . No real G will buy this album , guest appearances on most every song . Most every song has sampled someone else 's music for the chorus . I ca n't stand Kanye 's production or his lame raps . When does a producer think he can rap ? Now . I know this will sell 2-3 mill but that just means there are 2-3 mill stupid people out there . The man called for an end to gay bashing by his fellow artists , who does he think he is telling them what to say or not say . Kanye is garbage and always will be . GGGGGGGGGGG-UNIT !!!!!
 A genius ? I doubt it ! He talks a lot of mess and does n't back it up . This is the second time I bought a Kanye West album and both times I was screwed out of 15 dollars ! Stick to stealing tracks Kanye , and leave the rhymes to people who can spit . You got a second chance after you dropped the mediocre College Dropout , but I 'm not gon na be fooled into buying another album again . I 'm out !
 Go away Kanye and 50 , we need those spaces for the next flavor of the month rappers.I ca n't stand Kanye . Seems he did n't study hard enough in college because he sounds like an ignorant idiotTo reviewers like O. Rose -LRB- who pretends that he/she is black and is from NOLA -RRB- , shut up you morons . What kind of dumbass types in ebonics ?
 Worthless album ! Listening to this is like tuning your radio to the past , listening to some dudes rapping over old music . Kayne has to step up his game , his style is getting boring and predictable . You wan na impress me , do an album without using 100 other artist ! But this crap will sell because there 's really nothing eles to offer in the rap industry !
 Okay , okay , I know everybody wants to hail Kanye West as the best thing in hip-hop right now but let 's take a closer look . This review is by an actual black person who knows the history of rap and the ins and outs of the music business . Have we all forgotten such stellar productions as `` Through the Wire '' , `` Jesus Walks '' and `` You Do n't Know My Name '' ? If my memory serves me correctly , Kanye blasted on the scene with a way of sampling soul records and cooking them with bongos like nobody 's business . The College Dropout even made those lame handclaps cool again . -LRB- Sorry Lil ' Jon -RRB- But seriously , for those of you calling `` Late Registration '' a classic , I suggest you subtract the c-l-i-c . Lyrically , he 's a tad bit better on some songs , but fails considerably as a whole . Do your history folks . He sampled a song that Tupac already rocked over . This guy does n't play any instruments . He 's a fraud who got your dollars . If someone says , `` I think it 's trash '' , then they 're hating . First of all , all you silly suburban kids need to open your ears to the depths of real life-changing music . Will this guy be hot once the coals of this latest bafoonery cool off ? Of course not . He has managed to amass a whole country of d-riders , simply because you guys do n't know how the industry works and how effortless making an album actually is . This dookie that he just put out could have been done in my basement . Every album has a formula and his gimmick-driven albums of his collegiate mistake are evident throughout . Yeah , we know you dropped out of college , now what ? It seems that he 's riding the coattails of higher education to a better life . And please yeezy , stop talking about being broke . You moved to the suburbs of Chicago and your mom teaches English so you were n't necessarily in the slums . You 've made your money , now join the rest of these self-serving fools and start a clothing company or be in a movie . To the fans
 was expecting more from kanye 's sophmore album but didnt live up to its hype theres like only 3 cool songs on the cd 2 beings his singles .
 I can see why this album is so loved in the mainstream , because he does rap about other things then being gangster . If you think hes the first to do it , your stupid . There is nothing great about this guy at all , and people think its amazing because its not like every other rapper in the mainstream . Well if you listen to Deltron , Jedi Mind Tricks , Aesop Rock , Atmosphere , MF Doom , Quasimoto , and Mobb Deep , well than you understand why this guy is a dumb ass . This guy gets off on his image so much its sad . If you love hip hop do yourself the favor of checking out any of the artiest I just named . In the underground most rappers are rapping about something other than being gangster and it is nothing new .
 This album is not even remotely close to being great , if this album was any better it would suck . Best rapper ever , PLEASE !!! You people act like rappers like Tupac , NWA , Run DMC , Ice Cube , Nas , Notorious BIG , Public Enemy , Beastie Boys and Bone Thugs N Harmony never existed . Kayne is such Biatch , he acts like his `` hits '' do n't stink and acts like a crybaby because he did not win best album of the year and criticises other artists for beating them by making immature remarks about them . Pity , I thought he would be a nice change from other artists at first but now he ispretty much like the rest of the pack .
 Kanye should stick to just making compilation albums with other rappers rhyming over his beats . I give 2 stars because Kanye has some hot beats , but his Flow is wack ! Ive always noticed he uses that ur and dur type words for rhyming . Kanye please stick to producing , thats were you shine best . Start signing some cats to your record label and get that doe ! peace !
 After the lame showing of Kanye West on the hurricane relief show anyone who supports him is lame . Anytime something happens in america some race righteous black man goes and spits his yap off and say people are biased to `` the black man '' . Get over it and instead of making accusations get off your hind end and help instead of hinder . Kanye is a PUNK ! and you are too if you continue to support this type of BULL ! If your black and feel hard done by ... TOUGH !!! Deal with it and move on to do something usefull .
 when kanye first hit the mainstream with `` thru the wire '' , I knew he was going to be a success . hip-hop was in a state it had never been in before , when everything was so commercial it would make n * sync green with envy . needless to say , `` thru the wire '' and it 's follow-up single , `` jesus walks '' , were a huge step away from the normal hip-hop club bangers . However , `` the college dropout '' was you typical bait and switch hip-hop record , with two or three deep thinkers , and 14 `` club bangers '' . Now , in 2005 , kayne has followed up his successful debut with more of the same . Although some of the songs on this record are `` deep thinkers '' , most go the way of commercial emcee , with tired lines about money , cars , women and `` ice '' . I know kanye could write an album on a par with someone like nas , pac or Krs , but he wo n't , because money always comes first . Mainstream hip-hop is dead , and so goes with it all the talents that used to run the game . enjoy your nelly , people .
 I have heard a lot about Kanye West from the press . He has been widely touted as the new leader of hip hop , presenting a cultured and intelligent face of rap to 50 Cents fronting and machismo . West confronts a wider range of issues facing the demographics of black America ; through songs such as Roses , where he talks about the issues of private health care for lower income families , and Diamonds from Sierra Leone , where West talks about the results of the fashion for bling amongst rap fans in West Africa . However this is not enough to hide West 's own failings as a rap artist to create catchy and interesting tunes . His two singles are the stand-outs from the album and there are one or two more songs of interest . But this album wo n't be staying on my I-pod for long and Mr West will have to do much better to get my interest in his music back.If this is the best that rap/hip hop can put forward at the moment then I shall continue to listen to my old Busta ' Rhymes and De La Soul albums.Only buy this album if you are a true fan .
 Kanye done lost his humility.For how hypocritical he is on this whole album , at least he did n't drop another ` Christian ' track . This album wo n't get confused again with a `` best gospel album '' like Dropout was at the Stellars .
 I just read this quote from this genius : `` Now that I have a Grammy under my belt and -LSB- West 's second album -RSB- Late Registration is finished , I am ready to launch my clothing line next spring . '' - Kanye WestMeh , enough.I 'll give him two stars for effort , other than that , just ... `` Meh . `` Want a different sound in hip hop ? I still recommend Jurassic 5 or Andre 3000 's `` The Love Below '' or Outkast `` Stankonia '' over this anyday ... and those are just current artists .
 What 's the deal with West ? A case of the emperor 's new clothes ? The guy is a decent producer , but as an `` artist , '' he sucks big time . I mean , really . He ca n't sing , ca n't rap , ca n't put a basic melody together . If you ever see him perform on TV , it 's just awful , really embarrassing , you want to look away , but you ca n't , like a car accident . There are so many other worthy , talented performers out there just waiting to be supported on radio , in record stores , and online . Do n't give another dime to Kanye 's alread-bloated wallet . He does n't deserve it . My CD will now function as a drink coaster . This is tuneless , flat , tired garbage sold as ghetto-fab lifestyle on MTV as per usual . Ka-ching .
 Okay , I normally only rate things that I feel are worth even mentioning . But you see it is my fate , thrusted upon me by the god of music . To say that which is usually true and rarely popular . Normally I would just do my best to ignore all of the latest hype and just hope that it comes and goes . However In this case it is not possible , because the noise just keeps getting louder and louder ! Okay , this dude , Kanye West , is really not that good of an MC , he is soooo hyped up , and sooo over rated . This is not classic stuff . His music is somewhat interesting , but his lines are minimal and just barely on the other side of wack.This is basically high gloss , commercial crap . Gold digger could have been a classic track in the hands of a true MC , but not here . I have both of his disc and '' I ai n't feelin mr West '' . Okay , lets see Talib kweli , Dilated People , Common , mos Def , Eminem , slum village , Black Bottom Collective , Luda , Wu Tang , Jigga , Outkast , Roots , Dead Prez , Nappy Rootsetc ... all get to advance to the head of the class , but Mr. West , on the other hand should report to the back of the class immediately , to repeat ... . all hype little skill.Peace : The * Hot * Wax * Kid
 So I kept reading all the articles saying how great Kanye said his album are , and how he `` deserves to with album of the year '' and his `` songs are instant classics '' . My curiosity was sparked ... What a dissappointment . I was expecting something amazing , but this was crap ! Maybe it was over-hyped , I 'm not sure.Also , the fact that Kanye is so arrogant and stuck on himself , it makes me hate him and this album even more . The only reason it got 1 sate is because no stars is not an option .
 What do we have here ? A self-absorbed individual concerned with being viewed as great . This by-product of our society is not only unfortunate for all of us to endure , but it 's harmful for future generations.Although talented , the fanfare that West receives is completely undue . When compared to the horrible stylings of every other rapper that is pushed on the public -LRB- ref
 Whoa Whoa Whoa !!! When did everyone jump on the Kanye West bandwagon ?? Dont get me wrong , I think his first album is tremendous and still listen to it constantly . But I honestly wasnt impressed with first single `` Diamonds -LRB- From Sierra Leone -RRB- '' and apparently neither were many fans . The song did not do well and I thought oh well . Then when the album was released and critics hailed it as possibly the best album of the year , followed by the release of `` Gold Digger '' ; I changed my mind immediately and bought the album . Expecting songs that jump out like `` Digger '' and even stuff similiar to ` College Dropout ' I was highly disappointed from the first spin . With exceptions like `` Touch the Sky '' -LRB- ft Lupe Fiasco -RRB- and `` Digger '' , I found myself hitting the skip button more than the play button on my stereo ; not even Jay-Z 's appearance on the album could help this one out . So go ahead , throw a hissy fit like Kanye at the Grammy 's , but I 'm telling you this
 I borrowed this cd from a friend and I didnt like it . It annoys me when he raps and he cant seem to catch his breath . At times he sounds like he just came back from running a marathon and recorded the album right after . He samples tooooo much . I mean its ok to sample here and there once in a while but he just does it too much . Dude , get your own music . The song goldigger was cool for about a week but then it just got old too fast . His lyrics are cool though , but I heard somewhere that he doesnt write his own lyrics . Maybe its just rumors , I dunno . Thank You
 Are we all hearing the same CD ? man ... this CD sucks . i expected more Kanye . All of this bull we hear from Kanye saying he is super dope and deserves classic status is nonsense . I was expecting dope track after dope track . Besides golddigger - non are worthy of my cd player . production sucked - too basic . slow paced album . Man - you other reviewers are on crack or work for the ROC . give an accurate rating . Kanye - you slipped up on this one .
 I wonder how far Kanye West would be if sampling music was a crime . This album has a few nice cuts but the album as a whole is pretty dull . The first album had some imagination behind it , this one does not . I 'm sorry but I ca n't take listening to Kanye rapping on every single cut -- with his first CD he had enough sense to let guest vocalist have some time to do what he really ca n't do , and that is actually sing . The lyrics are already getting old -LRB- how many times do we have to hear about `` Jacobs '' jewelers -RRB- and how many times is he rapping about himself -LRB- let some air out of that big head of yours -RRB- . Overall a real disappointment .
 Listen people.What are you thinking . This is the biggest flopp to date . Kanye made a bad mistake by his comments infront of the press . Now his CD is just as bad as his comments ! His beats are weak at best , his lyrics have nothing to say , he is saying the same stuff that was said in his last album , GET OFF THE COLLEGE SUBJECT , ITS TIME TO GROW UP AND MOVE FORWARD , his hooks are sorry and non-existant . Kanye West is just another rapper . He does not have the ability to make everyone stop and think about what he is saying like groups/artists dating all the way back to the bettles , Elvis , Bob Marley , 2Pac , The Notorious BIG , Eminem and Kayne 's mentor Jay-Z . If you love rap and music in general and are looking for a GREAT artist , then Kanye West is not for you . His Sophomore album is a flopp from his Freshmen album and I think he should not even have showed up for late registration and in fact stayed back a year as a freshmen .
 Kanye West 's much anticipated sophomore set `` Late Registration '' leaves just that , much to be anticipated . While many are quick to label this album a classic , I contend that not only is it nowhere near classic status , its not even half as good as `` The College Dropout '' . Lets review this track by track :1 - Wake Up Mr. West -LRB- Intro w / Bernie Mac -RRB-
 You must be kidding . This is a piece of garbage . And an editors choice yet , have you lost your mind ???
 This guy is terrible . Throw your money down a sewer and it will be better spent .
 `` Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicineSo we cook it , cut it , measure it , bag it , sell itThe fiends cop itNowadays they cant tell if that 's that good sh*t We ai n't sure manPut the CD on your toungue yeah , thats pure man `` These verses come from the track `` Crack Music '' and , in case you did n't know , Kanye was alluding to those folks who have no real taste in music . The same folks who just have to pick up the latest CD by the lamest artists who are hot at the moment -LRB- ie
 He should have just dropped out . He sound like he tryna do too much wit his music now . It dont sound soul or upliftin like at first . Sound like some , `` Turn on any beat and see if I can catch it '' $ @ ! # . Go buy a new hat or sum 'n instead .
 All I have to say is ... stick to producing . Diddy Jr. here with his sampling .
 kayne claims to have an 150 IQ but when it gets right down to it , his IQ is really no different than the people who like him.oh sure kayne claims that `` bush do n't like black people '' despite the fact that bush has been taken footage of hunging black people and kissing them sounds to me like kayne needs to watch that footage and realize what an ass he isalso this guy is extremtly racist through out his album using slurs againist whiteshe also DWELLS on the college subject and keeps on pretending to be `` poor `` he NEVER WAS POOR his momma has a PH.D!he claims to be a `` born again christian '' yet if he truely was he 'd stop using slurs , stop blaming others and use religion in the right waybut kayne will clearly go to hell for this albumskip this album and go get tupuc or biggie or eminem people with much more talent then this idiot kaynethis guy will be on shows wondering his whereabouts after he ends up being thrown out of the fishbowl
 This calculator is the required calculator for University classes I have taken . It is NOT user-friendly and it is NOT intuitive at all . I would NEVER recommend it , and would never have bought it unless I was forced by the university . My prof used it once in a physics lab and made the telling comment `` I see why you guys all complain about this calculator '' .
 THIS IS PLACE OFFERED THE WORST SHIPPING EVER . THEY SHIP WHEN THEY WANT TO AND THEN IT 'S VIA DHL . I WILL NEVER USE AGAIN ...
 i should have read the description more carefully , but i was suprised at how small it was - too small for me to write and read any addresses so I will not using this .
 The product arrived in my Brazilian address broken and I had to use super glue to fix it . The clip that holds the paper are too tight , too close , and you have to use some considerable strenght to open it . It did n't clip onto my monitor and I had to use the double faced tape to fix it , which I did n't intend to . Well , what can I say ? Cheap stuff , to say the least .
 This item looked like a good idea , but I was disappointed when it arrived . After attaching it to my monitor , it sagged even before documents were attached . Completely useless .
 When I received this shipment a majority of the binders were cracked and spilt . They were shipped in a cardboard box with no padding and it appears that they were not protected enough . I guess you get what you pay for
 I have had this device for about 6 weeks now and the drivers for this device makes it border-line unusable . To use this with a computer , you must install the Yealink software -LRB- Skypemate -RRB- which runs in the background as a service . However , this software is poorly coded and also contains a memory leak . This program will crash without warning once the memory leak gets too large -LRB- this may only be an issue if you leave your computer on all the time -RRB- . Also , this program often times crashed while running . -LRB- cutting off a phone conversation minutes into it -RRB- I checked online and this is a common problem . I have tried both an older version of Skype -LRB- 3 -RRB- with an older driver -LRB- included on the CD -RRB- for this device and the newest version of Skype -LRB- 4 -RRB- with their newest driver -LRB- downloaded from their website -RRB- and still have had problems . I have tried this on two computers -LRB- one with a completely fresh installation -RRB- running Vista Pro 32-bit with all service packs.I will be buying a different phone/adapter for use with Skype as I am tired of having the adapter drop the phone call after talking for 4 min , or not accept incoming calls at all since the program crashed . Also , enabling the CID functionality causes the device to not work at all.The hardware itself is rock-solid and if they released a well tested , good driver , this would be a steal . Too bad Yealink has not invested money into decent software .
 Tried one of these and ultimately found it rather pointless . Though maybe I just do n't find Skype to be all that useful.After we started looking around , we found a voip service -LRB- voiSip -RRB- that could handle all of our local incoming and outbound calls , along with US , Canada , and even our occassional calls to Germany . And they could do it all using our existing phones , though we ended up buying more powerful 4-line phones because voiSip allows you to have as many lines and phones as our internet can handle at no extra charge.I even got a 6 dollar voiSip plan for my home , bought some cheap 2-line vtech cordless phones , and I use their free video conferencing software on my notebook .
 Considering the picture of the item , you would think it contained 4 binders ; however , it DOES NOT . It contains only one binder -LRB- I got orange -RRB- . Also , when I received the binder , the rings were broken . Do not waste $ 9.00 on this item .
 it came in a timely manner but it had no tape in it so by the time I got around to getting some and putting it in , discovered the tape feed doesnt work and since it is used didnt feel like I could send it back , so there you go , should have bought a new one .
 This unit is dead after 18 months in service . I have come to expect a longer life span from a calculator . This unit was not heavily used -LRB- e.g. accounting -RRB- , rarely used with the printout , and protected by a true online UPS system . Very disappointing , but I will continue to buy Sharp.Fluke , or issue with this model ???
 Probably the worst printing calculator I 've ever owned ; and , there have been many . Unit is beset with both ribbon and paper-feed problems . Print capability completely went down shortly after the product warranty expired . Now useful only for visual display -- something one could obtain from a smart phone . Use some judgment , if you 're considering purchasing this .
 This calculator has been a problem since arrival . First the tape does not feed straight and it is constantly jammed . The ink roller is very difficult to replace and is constantly running out . As a CPA , I need a calculator that is trouble free . This is not . I wish I could return this but do not have the box it came in .
 I have purchased this model for my company for the last 6 years . The last 6 calculators I have bought have jammed any kind of paper , and broke the calculator in the process . DO NOT BUY THESE ! I assume the quality of parts for these has gone down and the parts are of poor quality and break easily . Take advice from my experience , this calculator will not last .
 Unfortunately , the paper kept jamming in this calculator , rendering it all but unusable , which is a shame . I was unable to clear the jam after a while .
 Worked great for a little over six months . Then quit . Sharp will authorize a warranty repair , but I need to send it to a repair company in TX at my cost . It 's less hassle to just get another calculator .
 I purchase this phone for my bedroom for caller ID and due to the price for $ 9.99 , I got it today and the direction are impossible as person that can usually figure technology out - I was frustrated and I could n't get the clock to set and using the caller ID Features such as redialing and storing a number in the memory . I would not by this phone go some were else for the price . I even win on the website and they have know information and know email they do have a phone number but how could they help you over the phone . and even Google it for help and know help I read one review that got the clock set and does n't stay-I ca n't even get the clock to set . DO N'T BUY IT YOU WILL WANT TO SEND IT BACK IMMEDIATELY!Best wishes.Josef HolzerJust trust me is not worth it !
 I hate it , stopped ringing a couple months after i purchased it , nobody can hear me when i call or receive a call . do n't waste your money .
 WE purchased this phone so we would have a corded phone for when the electricity goes out . It is used in our kitchen . THe cord is a good length , the sound is ok . BUt the frustrating part is the caller id does not work . Perhaps I needed to do something to set it up ? We do have caller-id with our phone service and our cordless phones tell who is calling .
 When I answer a call on this phone , I immediately switch to another phone . The problem is sound quality . The caller 's voice is not clear , and my own voice sounds distorted as well . I 'm sending this phone back for a refund .
 I bought this because I needed a phone in my apartment , which is really too small to merit a cordless . And I needed caller-ID . But I returned the product because even though I followed the instructions , the instrument did n't work . Pressing the buttons to dial did absolutely nothing - and then after a couple of tries it acknowledged one or two numbers but not all . The screen for the numbers was doing its own thing - I did n't really wait to figure out what that was . Obviously the price was why I bought it , but better to pay a little more for something that actually does what it 's supposed to do .
 the caller ID screen is not backlit , and the font is so thin that it 's hard to determine what it even displays . The keys for dialing look and feel like they were made for a toy phone . Everything about this product screams `` CHEAP '' . Looks nice hanging on the wall , but that 's where the attractive nature of this product ends . My advice is look for another phone , and avoid this junk .
 Beware ! Ad says they have envelopes and there were none !!! I was completely disappointed with this order . Also , the cards were very difficult to line up to print .
 For whatever reason , these sheets did not feed consistently through my printer . If I made a test print on regular paper , the label printed in the right spot . But when using this product , the label would not print in the correct spot , top to bottom , and would vary considerably in position from one page to another . It was impossible to make an acceptable print . I had much better success just using a word processor and 3 x 5 or 4 x 6 cards . They printed up great . This product , however , did not work for me .
 I 'm studying for my nclex exam and i thought it would be a good idea to make notecards for all my diseases , drugs & treatments ... so I purchased about 6 sets of these ... they re pretty expensive but its not like i had a choice -LRB- $ 22.00 / each -RRB- they are medium weight so they feel like real index cards you get at a stationary store . The only thing is that it is hard to align each card ... everytime you print it comes out different it sometimes over the line and sometimes way under ... So what I did was I had to make one word document for each index card page . So I had like 200 word documents where i only used the first page of ... -LRB- makes sense ? -RRB- i know it sounds onfusing but it was a perfect alignment then . So to summarize
 After countless tries and numerous copies made in grayscale to save ink , I give up on ever getting these postcards to align right ! I tried creating the postcard in the Avery website , in Publisher , in Excel and in Word ... nothing works . You can adjust and adjust and adjust and it still comes out crooked or misaligned . Waste of money and a big waste of time . Hire them done !
 I bought this for my parents as a christmas gift . We took it out of the box and had it running for about 10 minutes before it broke . It was n't like we were throwing a ton of coins in at one time . The machine says 20 coins max , we were putting in 12 at most . Coin machines are a good idea and very useful if they work . I did some research before buying this particular one . It seems that all of them are a waste of money unless your looking to spend over $ 100 but I took my chances on a cheaper one and was let down . I would rate this disappointment a 0 if I could . Do n't fall in to the same trap I did !
 Looks very pretty sittin on top of the desk . Wood color is a rich med brown . Sorted coins great untill the third month it stopped working . Not sure if we just use it alot -LRB- on a daily basis -RRB- or its just poorly made .
 the other reviewers that like this item have only used it for a short while . It worked nicely for about 6 months , although during that time I had to sand the drawer holding the tubes becasue the humidity made it stick . It is a toy and do n't expect it to last long ... the batteries last less and less as the motor dies until it wo n't go no more .
 The coin bank that I ordered was not what I wanted and returned it . The price of the bank was $ 51.00 and in order to return it cost me $ 10.00 . So I ended up with no bank and having to pay shipping charges of $ 10.00 for something that was not what I thought it was when I seen it on amazon.I will shop first in the stores before ordering anything on line again.To costly .
 They 're kind of cool , and work ok , but if jostled the wrong way in your pocket or bag , and they can come undone . The screw on type are much better .
 I just received this key ring by mail and have now spent 20 minutes trying to figure out how to open it . I ca n't get it to move in any direction . Granted , I am a senior citizen with limited hand strength and some arthritis , but the other reviews all made it sound so simple . I also might mention that I am a college graduate and have had considerable success in my life figuring things out . Help , help .
 First off , I intentionally ordered the blue one . They sent me a red one anyway . Second , the thing stinks . It 's pretty stiff , so it 's not very comfortable in my pocket . Third , it does n't snap closed . I tend to play with my keys in my pocket and this thing kept opening up so I 'd have loose keys in my pocket . If you leave it alone , it 'll work fine , but it was n't working for me .
 Ordered two of these . When they arrived I was surprised at how small they were compared with the picture . Picture indicates they are much larger . Not only are they small in circumference but the wire itself is very small so you have to wonder how strong it is . I also had to pay postage due because the vendor did not have enough postage on the package . Sent them back and am still waiting on a refund .
 Pros : It 's easy to open and close.It 's blue , which is a nice color.Cons : It 's easy to open and close . So easy , in fact , that the thing can come open by itself . At first , this wo n't happen too often , but it seems to get worse as time goes by . After a few months , you may find that spilling your keys all over the place will become a daily occurrence . It did for me , anyway , and let me tell you
 Love the concept - I hate normal key chains as I find them difficult to get keys on and off easily . Additionally , normal key chains plain do n't work for some items -LRB- some fabs etc. -RRB- So I think this is a great idea.However , contrary to other reviewers , I 've found this to * not * be very secure . It has already opened up , spilling my keys on the ground , twice and I 've only had it about 3 months . And its not like I 'm using a ton of keys
 This is now the 2nd order I have placed for these after the first one I go just broke . The stock photo shows blue , but apparently they come in `` assorted '' colors and now for the second time in a row Amazon sent me a pink one . The first one I had lasted about 4 months and it broke at the `` locking '' point . The wire simply came out of male metal part of the clip . However for $ 3.48 I figured I would give it a 2nd chance . Will keep you posted ...
 I really love this key chain most of the time , it is slimmer and easy to get keys on and off.The problem with this keychain is that it has come unclasped a couple times on me when pulling my keys out of my pocket and my keys flew all over the ground , luckily I recovered them all .
 I unfortunately ordered a parallel printer instead of a serial printer . When I contacted Amazon and the distributor they both agreed that the error was mine and `` sorry '' there was nothing they could do about it . I offered to pay the freight to get it back to them they still said no . What kind of customer service are we dealing with here ? I just lost 200.00 ... I 'm not a happy customer .
 I bought this to use in my salon . It did n't come with any wires to connect it . When it was printing all garbled the tech support for Bixolon , who makes this for Samsung , said that my usb wire was a usb adapter and that the wire had software in it . So I got a new wire . The tech worked remotely on it for about an hour and still it did n't work . He said he thought that the printer probably needed a new interface card and that he could `` sell '' it to me . I do n't think so . I said no , I 'd rather pack it back up and send it back to Amazon . Amazon was awesome with the return and credited my card immediately .
 I hate it ! It works , but after it prints , it feeds out about a 10 inch tail of receipt and I 'm like wtf ! Ca n't get it to stop ! POS ! I knew I shoulda spent more and got the one Iwant , but at the time , just starting out my new business , did n't have the funds.Maybe I 'm missing something , I do n't know . Otherwise , it works great ! If you can fix that issue , let me know , and it would make this pos printer an A - printer .
 The item I ordered is a Shreddershark . I received a brand called TECHKO . I checked reviews of what I orderd from other sources and ordered it . I got some other brand which I know nothing about !!! . I will try to use it but it really sucks when a company advertises a product in detail and sends you a different Brand . That reflects bad on Amazon !!!
 This sounded fabulous based on the previous reviews -- should have known that something with 4 and 5 star reviews BUT with a number of 1 stars meant `` exercise caution '' . I bought this as an aid to an elderly friend who cant carry things across the kitchen very well anymore . It went together fairly easily after I figured out that the shelves only went on one way -LRB- the fittings and plastic fasteners are barely cone shaped -RRB- . However , despite use of a rubber mallet as recommended by a previous reviewer , i could not get the shelves down tight enough to stick.Every time we moved the cart -LRB- gently -RRB- further than two feet the legs would start wobbling and force the shelves up the legs and off their plastic fittings . Moving the shelves down closer to the wheels did n't help . The wobble was still enough to loosen the shelves and make the whole thing collapse . Metal screws or braces are needed if you really want this thing to be safe to move .
 THIS cART I IS VERY UNSTABLE FALLS A PART.NOW I NEED A NEW OVEN .
 I 'm glad that everyone else has had a good experience with this , but mine was horrible . This cart collapsed not once , but twice for me . The first time someone was there to catch it but the second time we were not so lucky and it crashed to the floor breaking dished and our microwave . Not worth the chance if you ask me .
 This cart is poorly made and not sturdy enough to hold a microwave . It is not worth the money . I have bought products from amazon.com for years and this is the first time I have given a product a negative review . I bought it despite reading a couple of negative reviews and now regret it . I set it up correctly exactly as specified in the directions and it constantly wobbles . one of the metal pieces of the stands is also broken . I can not return it because it is too hard to take a part . Amazon should not be selling poor quality products like this
 I bought this item at my local Target the weekend I moved into my new apartment . The parts are quality chrome , and the wood top is certainly appealing to the eye.If only the pieces actually fit together to assemble a sturdy piece of furniture.One of the shelves does n't fit properly over the four legs , and the finished product sways at the slightest touch . Judging by the glowing reviews on this page , at best , this product is a hit-or-miss venture.There 's a reason it 's priced at 30 dollars . Buyer beware .
 One of the wheels fell apart the first week we had it -LRB- and it does not move in our house so I know we werent too rough with it -RRB- and the darn thing keep leaning to the right ! I would return the item for another one but target will not take it back -LRB- even for store credit -RRB- because I unfortunatly trew out the box . Ugh ! I would not buy this item again !
 I waited months for this cart to be in stock . I was sure it would be perfect . I assembled it myself , following all the instructions . It seemed wobbly , but I continually adjusted the casters and convinced myself that the joints were flexible . When the time came to put my precious microwave on top , I trusted the cart would hold -- WRONG . Twice I placed my nuker on top and saw the much lauded cart buckle under its weight and collapse sideways . The second time , the maple top actually broke off the cart . Forget it !
 We bought three of these because we have a large kitchen , one was for the microwave , one was for the toaster oven and the other was for miscellaneous items . We put one of them together and it was so flimsy that we called the 1-800 number and were told to put the trays in `` upside down . '' That made no sense at all . When we put the microwave on it the microwave crashed to the floor . I was so angry that I threw that cart away because the entire cart was bent . I called Target and asked them to pick up the other two and they did . This is a very dangerous item and should not be advertised as a microwave cart in my opinion .
 My husband and I put this on our registry because we were going to be living in a small apartment and needed the extra space . Friends of his mom bought it for us , and when we tried to put it together , the middle shelf broke . Also , the wooden top just kind of sits on there , it does n't bolt in or anything . It does n't have enough support on the bottom and the materials are not heavy duty , so I would n't recommend putting a microwave or anything else remotely heavy on it , but as extra storage for light items , it would be okay .
 After having to return one cart for a broken piece that holds one of the casters , I bought another . After putting it together it was a bit unsteady . I seated it firmly onto the black pieces that the shelf sits on . It seemed better . I placed the microwave , -LRB- a small one -RRB- on the cart but when I moved it , the shelfs popped off the black pieces causing the whole cart to almost collapse . I finally re-enforced it with , would you believe , duct tape . -LRB- I will securing it with hose clamps . -RRB- I could take it back but this is the type cart I want and could find none other like it . It will have to do but I feel it is a pretty poor piece of equipment . Pretty , but a piece of junk .
 This is unstable , cheap material , very hard to put together because of its cheap construction ... it will only hold the smallest possible microwave . If your kitchen floor is not completely level , shelf always falls out .
 I was n't expecting anything fabulous for the price , but am still very disappointed . The first cart I purchased was defective , so I took it back to Target and exchanged it . The replacement was n't defective and I assembled it . It seems to be ok holding the microwave , but wobbles when I touch it , and I did n't dare use the casters , as there is no way to secure them and they kept falling out while I was trying to get the thing to stand properly on them . I do n't see this being a piece that will hold together for any amount of time . This is a somewhat heavy item for a petite person like me to handle , and it 's tempting just to throw it out and shrug off the $ , instead of making another trip , but I 'll probably end up taking this back to Target for a refund . I 'd put zero stars if I was n't prompted to rate this with at least one star .
 I purchased this cart at the Target store and took it home to put together . It was not posible to put the cart together and expect anything to stay on the top of it . The shelves do not fit over the black inserts that go around the upright poles . Even with all three shelves on and the screws in the intire cart was not steady . Not worth any price even if it looks so nice . Took it back for a refund .
 World 's worst design for a cart that is expected to support an object that usually weighs over 25 lbs . I feared for my cat 's life , the longevity of my big toe , and the fate of my microwave . DO NOT SUBJECT YOURSELF TO THIS !
 Was sent this scanner as a warranty upgrade after 2 of their 1000 model did n't transmit a single barcode.This transmits barcodes , but at an accuracy rate of about 2 % ! A small sample is below . The correct barcode is 774854100222.774841002277484102227745410222774851002277485100227785410222774541022277485400227745410222774854102227785410222774841002277454102227748510022774841002277485410022774851002277484100227785410222774851002277454102227745410826774541022277454102227748541002227748540022774851002277454102227748410022774841002277454102227748540022 Adesso claims that they have no issues with these items at all . They also looked at my much longer list of bad scans and claimed that it was 95 % accurate . Amazing .
 I found more information on papillions , specifically-online ! I found most of the information to be general as opposed to specific about the papillion breed . I recently brought home my papillion puppy , three weeks ago and I am not impressed . It is definately not a `` complete pet owners manual '' .
 Starting with the title of the book , Papillions , you can see that the correct spelling for this type of dog is PAPILLONS !!! There is no i after the L 's in Papillons . This is a short book with some good advice , however , there are far better Papillon books out there . See my reviews on other Papillon books for the best one for you .
 I bought this book for a birthday present for my adult daughter.It is such a thin little book , I had to go buy another gift to go with it . Not worth the money .
 Box arrived from publisher , `` Empty '' . Very poor , deplorable customer no-service . Took several weeks for any type of response.Finally involved an attorney to get their attention and subsequent refund.Would never buy from again.Was to be a birthday present , then delay slippage to Xmas gift , then to an empty box , and finally to nothing!Shameful business practice .
 Wow , this program has serious potential . It really does track your schoolwork , grades , assignments , etc. . What they fail to tell you , however , is that there is no desktop conduit for inputting class information if you do not use their subscription service . You will have to go into each class , each assignment and use your device to manually insert all of the data . If you carried 5 classes like I did last semester , it will take you almost an entire day to do this.So then I figured that I 'd sign up for their subscription service on a trial basis , which supposedly boasts thousands and thousands of instructors , to find that not one professor in my college uses - or knows , what this is.Again , I had to enter all of my information into the website , although it went a little bit faster as I could type with my normal keyboard through their website and sync . And it worked pretty well until their servers crashed one day . Then I lost half of my assignments.I gave up on this program less than a month after I bought it . The service would be great , if you could verify BEFORE you purchase it who in your school is on it . It would be even better if there was a PC based conduit that would allow you to enter your syllibus and then sync it to save time.Such a waste of money and time . I actually missed two assignments because of the server issue - and it cost me a grade point in one class . BEWARE .
 You 're better off just licking your stamps . This product spreads a massive amount of water on the envelope rendering it unusable and can potentially damage your letter .
 I was very unhappy with my purchase , as the cord was the wrong size . It would not fit in my IP phone .
 I agree with the previous review 100 % . I am taking an on-line accounting course and I have found this calculator to be unreliable . They keys appear to `` stick '' and I have to add everything several times just to be sure the result is correct . I thought the keys were nicely spaced and the size was good for my small desk , but after only 1 week 's worth of homework I went shopping for a new calculator . Dud !!
 I bought a few of these calculators to be used in a office environment and they are not reliable . Each day I hear complaints that the buttons stick on these devices , so calculations are often incorrect due to pressed buttons not being recognized.Don ' t waste your money on this calculator .
 I was really disappointed when I received this box of tacks . They were regular tacks that I could have picked up at Walmart for $ 1.49 . I have been looking for the larger head tacks and the office stores I have checked do n't carry them any more . I was very excited when I found them on Amazon . I see now that for $ 3.99 I really did not get what I wanted
 The screen on this phone does n't have full or appropriate view . The letters/numbers are not completely formed . The instruction for setting up the phone were not user-friendly . It still is n't working in full compacity for me after 1 month . I am not super impressed with this product . I wish I had kept the box ... I would have sent it back .
 This item looked like a good idea , but I was disappointed when it arrived . After attaching it to my monitor , it sagged even before documents were attached . Completely useless .
 The one I had I threw away and then I bought different brand . Learn from my mistake , do n't be cheap , spent a little more money right away and buy a decent quality product . You will be happier in the long run .
 I bought this phone thinking it was like other Uniden phones I have owned . I could not figure how to get it to chain dial . I called Uniden and after being put on hold 3 times by the tech. , I was told that it is not capable of chain dialing . He assured me that the next model would have that capability . Do n't buy it if you use a prepaid card or need it to put in account codes and etc. . It is a Europen model with an English accent . Answering machine messages are a bit difficult to understand . Sound quality and range on the handset are excellent . It does n't bother my wireless lan or TV as advertized . The microwave does n't seem to bother it either .
 Amazingly poor phone . Although Uniden can be good at times , this one is virtually worthless :1 -RRB- The keys on the handset began to wear out after just 3 weeks of use . By 4 months , only 2 of 12 keys were legible . -LRB- My nails are quite short . -RRB- 2 -RRB- It 's very hard to turn the ringer on and off
 absolute ` Do not buy ' product from Uniden . I do n't know what I was thinking that I paid $ 100 for this 3rd grade product . I thrashed some of the parts of the original packing , so could n't return . This phone does n't have important buttons like redial , mute etc. . I am not able to configure the Answering Machine , everything seems to be very clumsy on this product . And one more worst thing is the phone gets connected even if you do n't pickup after 2-3 rings i.e. the caller get to her the house while you thought the caller hung up after 2 rings ... Very irritable
 I continue my search for a good hands-free telephone headset ... This is n't it ! I bought it along with two others -LRB- neither of which was good either -RRB- and immediately noted the problem with it . The ear piece is WAY WAY WAY too large for anyone with even a medum sized ear . It is the largest in-ear earpiece I 've ever seen on a headset . It is either made for men -LRB- and it probably wont ' fit some of them either -RRB- or people with really large ears . The sound quality is acceptable , but it 's hard to tell how well it works because I can barely stuff it into my ear . It 's hard to tell how people at the other end hear me either . Save your money on this one .
 1 . If two people pick up handsets to answer at the same time ONLY ONE will actually be connected to the incoming call . The other will get an error tone and not hear the conversation . The person using the line must first put the outside party on hold , ring the expansion handset , then remove the hold .2 . This phone does NOT have a Message Indicator Light3 . The buttons are too difficult to push accurately .4 . The phone makes an annoying noise when you place it back on the base .
 I agree with others that this phone has great sound and range . However there are two design flaws that I 'd like to point out .1 . If you have more than two hand sets on one base and two or more people in your house and the phone rings there could be a problem . If two people pick up handsets to answer at the same time ONLY ONE will actually be connected to the incoming call . The loser will get an error tone and not hear any of the conversation . So , if the incoming call is not for the `` winner '' how does he tell the other person the call is for her ? Which handset do you transfer the call to ? You do not know which handset she picked up . With old hardwired extension phones you simply determined who the caller wanted and the other party hung up . Now so easy with this phone ! 2 . The keypad lock feature actually increases the chances of a child dialing random digits to call 911 by accident ! Yes , when locked the keypad only allows dialing 911 . It does this by rejecting all digits EXCEPT 9,1,1 . So if the keypad is locked and a kid dials 4592171 and eventually hits the green `` pick up phone '' button it will call 911 . Any random string of digits with digits 9,1 and 1 in it will look like 911 to this phone!However , if you live alone and have no small children this phone is great .
 The Speaker on this phone did not work for me . I was told by the receiving end that I sounded like I was speaking underwater or that I sounded very far away when speaking on the speaker . I was sent two telephones by this company . I had requested that they not send me another phone . I still had one delivered against my request . Both of the telephones did not work for me due to the defective speaker . I was credited back the amount due , less shipping in handling for the first telephone . In my opinion this was not right due to the phone being defective .
 This phone started off good , but the quality seemed to go downhill with continued use . After about a year , the handset hang-up button failed causing the phone to be `` off the hook '' every time you would hang up . The speakerphone part did n't work very well either . Pass on this phone .
 I 'm shopping tonight for a phone to replace this piece of garbage . It falls apart when you 're in the middle of a call . No one can HEAR you anyway so what does it matter ? Look elsewhere unless you like phones that do n't work ! It got one star only because there 's no 0 .
 The ATT 959 Speakerphone is a very nice phone ... as long as you 're not using it as a speakerphone . The volume will not go anywhere near high enough to enable using the speakerphone . Other than that , it is a great handset phone . The buttons have good tactile response and feel solid . The Caller-ID screen is intensity-adjustable and reads fine .
 I bought this phone brand new . Unless your mouth is within a foot of the mic , the other party will not be able to hear you while you are on speakerphone .
 I bought this phone for one feature - the speakerphone , and that feature is very disappointing . Often , when I try to use the speakerphone , the other party tells me he or she can not hear me . AT&T put a very weak microphone into this unit . Also , the speaker volume does not go up that high . Did they not perform any quality control testing ? I ask because it 's such an obvious weakness . I like the nice big buttons and the long receiver chord . However , AT&T threw the baby out with the bathwater by giving this unit poor speakerphone & microphone functionality .
 The microphone is useless , nobody can hear you . Battery life is a joke and there is no AC adaptor -LRB- so you HAVE to use batteries always -RRB- . Would be a good phone if it could be plugged to the wall -LRB- have the option , at least , to plug it in -RRB- and the microphone worked .
 1 . Speakerphone works -LRB- poor quality -RRB- , but mic does not , at all .2 . Background noise is worse than both the 7 year-old phone it is replacing as well as an additional phone I tested . I tested on two jacks . -LSB- ... -RSB- The low price and many features of this phone are very attractive . Too bad it 's a pizza carp , if you get my meaning .
 This would have been a great phone if the speakerphone feature worked and if the angle as a desktop allowed me to read the information on the display while I 'm sitting down . I would get up so I could read the numbers or else they are all 8888888888888 from where I sit . Adjusting the contrast did not help . The worst part of course is that the other party could not hear me talk while on the speakerphone . Item was returned .
 I have bought two of these phones and the lcd display has failed on both of them . This phone is a piece of junk ! Do not buy it !
 I 've had this phone for a few years . Initially it was OK but later on , I would have my relatives say to me `` I ca n't hear you . You have to speak louder . '' I then test the phone myself & found this to be true . When I lifted up the unit & placed it down again , then I could hear the other party . Also , when I pick up the receiver , I find myself constantly clicking it to get a ringtone . Not what I thought it would be . Do n't bother .
 Seemed okay at first . But after a year things started to fail . Speakerphone would n't work , and some of the speed dials died . I 'd bought it thinking AT&T would be good quality . I 'll never buy an AT&T phone again -LRB- and I used to work for the company ! -RRB- .
 I bought this phone last year . It works okay but needs fresh batteries often . The LCD display does not work well and the volumn button sticks and I have to push it a few times to hear others calling me.The speaker feature does not work well as callers can not hear me when I press the speaker button . So it has been useless since I had it . I am now looking for a new phone .
 I purchased two of these phones , both were completely unacceptable . Even when you speak directly into the microphone , the people on the other end ca n't hear you .
 It 's ok if you want to listen to your voice mail or when you 're on perpetual hold but you can not carry on a conversation because the microphone does n't work . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because you can listen which is good for something .
 Bought this phone as it was advertised on an office supplies site as having a `` QUALITY SPEAKERPHONE ! '' Oh you can hear the other party fine but NO ONE CAN HEAR YOU ! I use my phone for work purposes and how embarrassing that I 'd pushed THE SPEAKERPHONE BUTTON and was talking for about a min & a half before the other party uttered , `` HELLO R U STILL THERE ?! '' I had assumed it would work right out of the box ! I wish I had read reviews from here and other sites before buying this little number . The sound quality is not even that good . I thought it was my DSL -LRB- even with the filter hooked up to the phone -RRB- but there is an audible hisssssssss in the background when my PC and DSL are off ! I guess I should not have expected the world for under $ 30 but @least pretty decent sound quality would be nice since the speakerphone does n't work ! Junk ! I will not be buying any AT&T phones ever again and from some of the reviews I 've seen of this particular model I 'm assuming no one else wants to waste $ in these hard times !
 I took back the first model of this to the store because if the phone was moved at all when the speaker was on , then it would hang up . But at least people could hear you.This new one still has issues - people ca n't hear you when you are on the speaker phone.If you are not planning on using the speaker phone functionality , then you are probably going to be okay , but if you are getting it for the speaker , then forget about it !
 Basically a nice phone , BUT : A
 I just started assembling my cart . Instructions are good , product is very sturdy . With the handle it looks easy to move from workstation to workstation . WARNING
 too high to fit under either of two desks ; also some of the small screws do n't fit so had to work a lot to put it together -LRB- had to buy different screws -RRB- ; i would n't buy this again
 Sound quality on this unit - incoming and outgoing messages - is awful . After about a month , the machine started freezing , not picking up calls etc. . I called ATT customer sevice , they had no insight into the nature of the problem . They wanted me to send it in so they could examine it and replace it ; I 'm going to replace it , but it wo n't be with an ATT machine .
 This chair was going to be Christmas Gift for me . My husband originally ordered it from BizChair on December 8 , 2008 . On December 15 , 2008 , he checked the status of this BizChair order and received an e-mail from them claiming that this item had been discontinued . Good thing he checked ! He then logged on to Amazon.com and found this item offered by UnbeatableSale , Inc. and listed as being in stock . Having been disappointed by Bizchair and knowing that the deadline for receiving this chair before Christmas was fast approaching , he called their customer service department -LRB- on December 15 , 2008 -RRB- , to see if this chair really was in stock . He spoke to Michael who assured him that the Leather Executive High Back Chair WD5730 was in stock at UnbeatableSale , Inc. and urged him to order immediately to assure that the chair would arrive at our residence before Christmas Day . He did so and on the following evening -LRB- 12/16/08 -RRB- he received an e-mail from UnbeatableSale , Inc stating that this chair was not available . I can not begin to tell you how disappointed I am with the misinformation given to us by Amazon vendors BizChair & Unbeatablesale , Inc. . Our Christmas is now ruined . Even worse as of 6:20 p.m EST on 12/17/08 this chair was still listed as in stock and available from three different Amazon.com vendors . So Amazon has taken no action on this issue and we have to contact these two vendors to cancel the charges on our credit card .
 I never used this product , it was useless . I would not buy this product again or recommend it . I ended buying some from schoolbox .
 I agree with some of the reviews that have already been written about this shredder . For a while it worked pretty well then it slowed down . Then I found a huge wad of half-shredded paper in the feeder that I could n't get out and which started to split the shredder .
 For about a year and a half , it worked great . Then occasionally it would slow down a bit . Last week it really started slowing down and groaning . I discovered where shredded paper had jammed up into the cutters and was splitting out the side of the shredder ! I tried to take it apart and remove the jam -LRB- and my warranty if it lasted that long -RRB- and the plastic comb under the cutters just crumbled apart ! Well , I still have a pretty nice waste basket ...
 I bought this shredder less than a year ago . When brand new the darn thing jammed about ten percent of the time . After several months it ran slower and jammed more often ... now it wo n't shred a single piece of paper . After a thorough dissection , I learned that the tiny electric motor was not built to last very long .
 I recently ordered this product for a gift . The first was received with a cracked piece . An exchange was sent through Amazon . The second one also came broken ... this time with a bad connection for the top of the Shredder ... it would n't work without scotch taping the connection . Do n't Buy ...
 When I first used it i tried to shred 6 papers at a time , which was a mistake ... It got jammed in the middle of the papers . When I tried to reverse it , it went for about 1mm then got jammed again , tried foreward , jammed , backward , jammed . Tried for about 3 times , then I gave up . I picked the papers out , half by half . . When I thought it was all out , I tried running it foreward again , still jammed . . I found little scraps of paper causing the blades to be jammed . I am going to have my husband fix it . I may just be a 26 year old female that doesnt know much about electronics , but I think that is sorta pathetic .
 I grant that my vocabulary is larger than average , but I seem to know every word in this dictionary . Words that I do not know are not in it . If you have graduated from college , I do n't think it would be much use . The thesaurus gives only a few alternatives and it gives you no idea of what word would be the better choice , so it is not much use .
 I made an error in ordering and informed the company of this . They will not accept any return items that have been opened -LRB- the only way to tell if the product is correct is to open it . -RRB- Just be sure the item you order is right otherwise , like me , you 're stuck with expensive paper that 's not usable .
 This is by far the worst answering machine I 've tried . It will be returned as soon as I purchase a replacement . All the features work as advertised , but both the outgoing and incomming messages sound like they are shouted through a long , metal culvert . I 'm lucky if I can understand 50 % of the messages left for me.I would give this zero stars , except that the minimum rating is `` one star '' .
 I 'm not sure what I was expecting from this but the word enhancing made me think it must be better quality than the thin pads I buy at the Dollar Store . So far , I have n't found it 's enhanced qualities except the price . It does the job but nothing special about it .
 The other review was also writen by me . I wrote it before buying the product . Now that I have the pad , I learned it is really bad . It is just like a mouse pad but is long .
 I purchased these Energizer batteries to replace the three year old batteries I had purchsed from Uniden . I was concerned that the Uniden batteries would soon die and I had no backup batteries . I installed the Energizer P-7360 batteries in my phones and kept the Uniden batteries in the backup compartment . After eight months both the Energizer batteries failed - within a couple of weeks of each other . I contacted Energizer and was told to contact Audiovox . It turns out there is no warranty.I installed the old Uniden batteries into the phones again and four months later they 're still working.Recently I had another type Energizer battery fail after only two months use - a CR2032 . I did n't even attempt to get a warranty replacement since Energizer obviously does n't honor their warranties.If Rayovac made either of these batteries I would purchase from them . I 've used Rayovac for most of my batteries for years and when I had a package of problem batteries recently they were replaced immediately.The Energizer bunny is not well .
 Suposedly theres a lifetime warranty ? I called about it and neither energizer or audiovox -LRB- the actual manufacturer of THIS battery -RRB- have any clue about it . Energizer is not the company it used to be if they are subbing battery support out to the lifetime thieves called audiovox !? Remember all those old school junk speakers audiovox used to put out back in the day ... yeah , them .
 This phone was given to me as a gift . It seemed to work ok for a while . Functionality is good , even though the sound on the outgoing and incoming messages is surprisingly fuzzy for a digital machine . But after only about a month of use , the receiver has a lot of static . The person on the other end of the phone can not hear it , but it makes it very difficult to hear anything . Also , there were a lot of complaints from the people I was talking to that they had a hard time hearing me even though I would be talking in a normal tone of voice . This was even before the static problem started . Basically the phone portion is now useless , and I 'm shopping for a new phone/answering machine . So , do n't think this product is all that worth it unless you do n't use this phone except for the answering machine .
 I purchased this phone and had no problems for a few months - aside from the fact that you have to reset the phone message everytime the power goes out . However , at one point , I went to answer my phone and got shocked ! Blew out the phone completely ! I figured that this phone was flawed , and took it back for an exchange - same phone , same problems . And again , I went to answer the phone and got yet another shock , and blew out the phone !! This phone has serious flaws and should not even be stocked !!!
 let them keep their callkeeper . in a word , it `` sucks . '' i attempted to make a call using the attached so-called phone . the person i was speaking to asked if i was in a wind tunnel and i had to instantly switch to my cordless -LRB- 2.4 gz -RRB- . as bad as the phone is , the fidelity of the tapeless answering machine is worse . its only virtue is its compact size , yet considering it 's as functional as a giant dead battery , size counts for naught .
 When I ordered this I was specifically looking for a nickle cadmium battery . That is what the picture said . However , what was sent was nickle metal hydride . I actually did this twice . The first time I returned them and called customer service . They had me order again and I still got the wrong item . I am giving up .
 I was able to use it anyway by snipping the wires and splicing them with the old battery 's white plug , and then it plugged into the phone just fine , but that 's ridiculous . It should have just worked . So one star for cheap price and it does actually work fine now.Minus 4 stars for having to be an electrician to get it to work -LRB- even though everything I read said it would fit -RRB- . My phone ? GE 900megahertz model 26938GE1-M
 I love these Gel-eez wrist rests and I own several.But , do n't buy them by mail order if they 're a chance they will be shipped by air . I have two business trips and one ill-considered ... order to support a guess that the gel can degrade in the low-pressure environment during flight . It goes flat . ...
 The gel is a little flat , there is a soft plastic crinkly sound when you press your wrists on it and the fabric is a dust magnet . As you can see on the image , there are tabs that stick out on the end which is aesthetically not too pleasing . It is a low budget gel wrist rest and just when I thought I could n't do better for the price , I did . I recommend shopping around at some computer sites for some other less known brands , like Belkin or Inland which I 'm using now -LRB- and got for the same price -RRB- if you do n't want to pay a little more for a Fellowes .
 We bought 3 of the Case Logic Gel-eez wrist supports several years ago . My wife used them for a short time , but we both found that one 's wrist is elevated too much for it to be comfortable and/or useful when grasping the mouse . Modern mice have a low profile , so a simple 1/4 inch thick foam pad would be much more enjoyable and useful . Initially the contents were a gel , but after a few years , all 3 of the supports , which were stored in a drawer since we did n't want to use them , had their gels turn to a liquid with a viscosity similar to that of water . I would be worried about using a liquid-filled device near expensive computer equipment or other valuable things . It is time to throw them out and learn from our experience .
 The photo shows a rectangular mouse pad and the dimensions given are 9 x 12.8 inches . The pad I received was only 8 x 8.6 inches . I am returning it .
 I was looking for the perfect size mouse pad for my desk and choose this one because of its size . I measured the space I needed and it would have been perfect if it was the correct size that was shown on the item description ... but its not .
 It was very hard to find a good quality corded phone and after this phone I can still say the same thing . I had read previous reviews before I had purchased it and thought it sounded pretty decent . But , when I received it I found similiar problems other customer had found . You can not check your messages from the remote , even the customer service provided by the company could not get it to work . Another problem is the fact that there is only 1 min of recording time so most of my messages were cut off . In the owners manual under trouble shooting it says `` it is the cause of a caller pausing for more that 7 seconds '' and the way to correct it is `` have the caller speak continuously w/out any pauses . '' Should this be the message I leave on my machine `` please leave a message less than 60 sec . w / out taking a breath thanks '' I returned it and am in the process of looking for a new one .
 The Southwestern Bell Phone Model FM2575 is of good value and works as decribed but has a serious flaw that will reduce it 's value to many people . As stated in the owner 's manual , to retrieve the answering system calls remotley one needs to hold each digit on the remote phone 2 seconds to enter the security code . This is no problem for land phones , but for cell phones the tones emitted are not of that duration regardless of how long the button is held in . Another answering system would be a better choice if one would be using a cell phone to retrieve messages .
 Do not purchase this phone if it will be plugged in anywhere near any other electrical devices ... the static will deafen you , and make you hoarse from shouting to the person on the other end ! The features are great , but there is something about the electrical current that causes havoc ! I have only had this phone for 4 months , and I 'm already on my 2nd battery . I 'm looking for a replacement as I write this review ! I know it 's not my wiring because I have actually taken it to a few friend 's homes , and get the same static . Buyer beware !
 The Recording Time listed -LRB- 14 minutes max -RRB- is misleading because individual incoming messages are limited to a 60 second maximum and then it cuts your caller off ! Your outgoing message is also limited to a 30 second maximum . Neither of these restrictions was listed in the description ; I did n't find this out until I read the owner 's manual upon receipt . These restrictions made this product unsuitable for my purposes and I was very disappointed .
 Very bad product as others have said . We 've had this phone for over a year and it 's been nothing but problems . Poor phone quality , frustrating anwsering machine , not able to use remote access feature . Now it has a really loud background hum . Final straw . We will replace shortly .
 This phone comes with good features , but it performs very poorly . Answering machine messages are virtually unintelligible , and it is very difficult to hear and understand people through the handset . I wish I never bought this phone . If you think the price is too good to be true , you 're right .
 After using this phone for a month , I 've finally had it and ordered a new phone to replace this one . The quality of the phone is good , the buttons are large , lighted and easy to see . One minor problem is that people have to call twice to leave a message because they get cut off by the answering machine . The straw that broke the camel 's back is the maddening voice prompts . Intially , they are helpful - they guide you through setting up the phone and using the answering machine , but ... THEY CA N'T BE TURNED OFF ! You ca n't erase a message untill you listen to the phone telling you how to erase it . I called the toll free # to ask if it could be turned off and the polite person on the other end said `` no it ca n't '' . I told her it gets in the way and is annoying , she told me that older people really appreciate it.If you need help working electronic equipment - this might be your phone -LRB- but I 've only used it for a month -RRB- If you can remember how to work your phone - do n't buy this one , it will drive you crazy !
 I have put up with phone for a year and I am now looking to replace it . The sound quality of playedback messages is terrible . The message recording time cuts off most messages . You can not turn down the volume on messages that are playing back , so my neighbor 3 doors down can hear them . There is no way to retrieve messages when you call in . To delete the message is very frustrating and time consuming .
 This phone is garbage . I bought it because it had speakerphone and answering machine for $ 30 . But , I had to return it because :1 -RRB- Reception was terrible2 -RRB- Speakerphone does not really work well . When the person on the other end stops talking , there is absolute silence -LRB- rather than room noise -RRB- . So , the voice is so choppy that the speakerphone feature is absolutely useless .
 Looks nice , but the rigid surface does n't allow the mouse ball much grip ; after one day , I switched back to a plain square pad .
 I was got this product thinking it would be more comfortable for me because i am on the computer many many hours , but it did nothing . First off the pad provides very little support because when you put your wrist on it the little bit of gel that is in there goes to the side . -LRB- and there is a very small amount of gel -RRB- Leaving you back on a hard surface . Also it provides a very small surface for you to move the mouse around . To top that the very hard smooth surface gives the mouse ball no grip and you find yourself moving the mouse but it is just sliding on the surface.IF YOU OWN AN OPTICAL MOUSE IT WILL NOT WORK on this mousepad . I have recently givin this product to a friend who ended up throwing it in the garbage !
 When I first got this phone about 7 or 8 months ago , the only thing that bothered me was the FM tuning dial -LRB- antiquated/hard to tune in ANY station -RRB- and the clock display , even on low , was BRIGHT ! Now , bit by bit the phone is falling apart . First off , it is advertised as a CALLER/ID/CALLWAITING ID -LRB- or at least mine was -RRB- . . which it is NOT . It is ONLY Caller ID , if you are on the other line , there is no display of who is calling IN . Most of the time the Caller ID DOES NOT WORK AT ALL ! As time goes by , caller id numbers pop up less and less ... I 'd say out of 10 calls coming in , it displayed only one . Next up , last week the radio started acting up . It can no longer be turned off ! In other words , the alarm no longer works because on every setting -LRB- off/on/radio / alarm -RRB- the radio plays . All I can do is just turn the radio volume down and use it as a clock ... and phone ... no alarm , no caller ID ... it 's a piece of trash ! UGGGHH !!!!! The only thing good about this phone is the voice quality which you get with ANY corded phone !
 Unfortunately , when I bought this phone , I got less than what I paid for ... There are no bargains or good deals with this phone . . -- == THE BAD == -- ** The radio dial tunes very badly ** The caller ID is very difficult to see and poorly lit ** The handset cord is only 12 inches long coiled up and if streched more than 18 inches you will pull the base from whatever you have it sitting on ** the phone cord that plugs into the wall is permanently attached to the base set and can not be switched for a longer one , this is not good if your phone jack is more than 2 feet away , you would have to buy an adapter to extend the cord ** The worst thing about this is the fact that you can hear music from the radio bleeding into the phone line , the radio and alarm are OFF , this is very annoying , I could live with the other short comings , but this is the worst thing about this , if anyone knows how to solve this issue please send me an email + + == THE GOOD == + + ** I Like the bright display , even dim is very bright ** I like the oversized snooze button **
 Even on the dimmer of the two settings this clock 's face generates enough light to read a book by . I found myself strategically positioning objects in front of it at night to block the insomnia-producing rays.Also the button lay out is very confusing . I still have to take a long look at it to figure out how to set the alarm time . Not an easy alarm clock to operate .
 The radio is TOO loud when it comes on . The radio is hard to tuen . The clock face is too bright in the dark and the caller ID is hard to see . This is not a very good buy .
 Had I kept the box just one day longer , I would have been able to return the Conair TCR500 Clock Radio . Alas , I thought I was buying the perfect proeduct . HA ! Was I fooled . The time readout is terrible . The radio reception is awful . Several of the numbers on the telephone keypad broke after just a few weeks . I went into the wrong business - I wish I could have a job pulling the wool over people 's eyes , just like Conair .
 I purchased this phone/radio/clock combo for my mother and after the first few uses , it was returned . It 's a good concept for those who have limited space , but poorly executed . The most glaring problem is that the radio will bleed into your calls . It is n't very loud , but you can hear talking and music very faintly in the background when the radio is supposed to be off . The radio reception itself is horrible and the speaker is not very good . There are buttons on each side of the phone that set various functions like volume control . Those were very loose and could probably snap off with ease after some use . The only thing good I can say about this is that the phone will work if the power goes out . Plugging it into an outlet is only needed for the radio , clock and caller ID functions . In fact , the phone works best if it 's not plugged in ; which seems to prevent the radio signal bleeding in . However , that goes against how this product is supposed to work . You 're better off getting a lower priced corded phone and a separate clock/radio instead .
 I say double buyers remorse because I bought two of these phones for Christmas one for me and one for my mother . Both worked fine for a while and then they both started to act up . Mine started acting up first it started having an erratic display and the radio would come on by itself . Then my mothers started having a squealing sound come from her phone . Neither one of the phones has lived up to having the proper caller id function either as we have other caller ids that work much better than these phones . The company does give good repair service though and they are prompt about repairing their products . You do have to pay a five dollar fee though to get the product repaired . I hope this review was helpful to you .
 This product is the absolute pits . The audio is harsh and definitely unpleasant . When using the phone you can hear the radio in the handset even though the radio if off . As for the lighted radio dial ... forget it . The dial has a narrow vertical slot through which a very dim LED lights . Since the dial markings are on either side of this slot , its impossible to see what station your trying to locate . Additionally , the caller ID display is also hard to see even if the contrast is adjusted to your liking . The brightness of the called ID display as depicted in the ad is misleading at best . Avoid this product at all costs . Believe me you wo n't be satisfied with it .
 This is the worst telephone clock radio ever designed . The radio function has dreadful sound and does not stick to the station . It finally went dead after a year , taking with it the whole alarm system , and making it useless . The phone function is very difficult to use in the dark . The keypad is not lit and it is easy to misdial . When the equipment was removed from the box it stank of chemicals for several days , and a notice said that it would take awhile for the smell to stop . Never bought a product before that had that problem . I agree with all the other negative comments in the other reviews except for the LED clock function . There is a switch that allows it to be bold or dim and the bold provides adequate lighting to see the time . However , do n't buy this awful product .
 This product is awful ! The radio reception is extremely inferior and when I 'm trying to use the phone , and the phone receiver volume is on high , I hear the radio through the receiver -LRB- even if the radio is `` off '' -RRB- . Additionally , it is larger than it appears in the picture on-line . It is going back tomorrow !!
 two died in less than a year !!
 This item is just plain disappointing . The caller ID display is impossible to adjust and read . Radio reception is ok . The phone is adequate , but barely . Find a different one if you want the caller ID function .
 My previous , `` cheapo '' answering machine had a blinking red light that made it easy to tell if I had received new phone messages , but with this machine , you have to get within a few inches of the tiny , recessed LCD display to determine if you have any new phone messages . The process for recording an outgoing message -LRB- OGM -RRB- is cumbersome , the process for listening to your own OGM is even more cumbersome , and the sound quality of the OGM is poor . The `` film '' needed for printing incoming faxes is only a sample , and ran out after I had only received a few faxed pages , requiring an inconvenient trip to an office supply store . And , I 'm still waiting for the rebate to arrive , 2 months after my purchase . Overall , I would rate this machine as OK , for a `` bottom of the line '' machine . I was mildly disappointed with the Sharp company .
 Like most of my reviews I try and find the good in any product , book etc , but ... This was a huge dissappointment and I partly blame myself for buying the low end/price fax machine . From the beginning through the 6 weeks it lasted we had trouble even after the first one died in a week and was replaced by the Sharp company . The second machine was just as problematic , slow and missed fax copy . The last resort came when the machine light indicator decided it was out of paper when it had paper , was replaced with new paper and never worked again . I also have to add that this machine was lightly used , perhaps a dozen fax copies a week . I find it interesting when a company wants to report that their fax machine doubles as a copier , who wants soft rolled copies?There is NO savings when a product is more trouble than it is worth , save your money and buy a better machine that has a better track record . Truly was JUNK !
 We bought this unit and had it for about 3 months before it started faxing and receiving totally black pages . It works as a telephone with caller ID , and thats about all it is worth . If you are smart , you WILL NOT purchase this unit!You get what you pay for ...
 ... then went sharply downhill after I changed the film . All sorts of strange error messages after a paper jam , and then , even though it was loaded with paper , the machine refused to acknowledge that there was paper and kept flashing that I needed to add paper.This machine was bought to replace a Sharp thermal fax machine that did n't last a year .
 We bought this fax because of the price with the rebates . You could send faxes easily , however we could never receive a fax without having to hand feed the paper . Not everyone is standing next to their fax machine when a fax comes in . Even though it has a memory , that will not do you any good when the paper jams more than once and it looses your fax . The machine would say `` out of paper '' when fully loaded . It would also crimp , or tear , the edge of each piece of paper it printed . We finally returned it and are now in the process of shopping for a new one .
 Yes , every time the machine receives a fax the paper jams . When trying to copy a document the sheet goes in ok but the printing paper gets jammed . I 've used several wieghts of paper but the same thing happens . In the UK I must be well known to Sharpserve as they continue to send replacemenrs for my ` faulty ' machine but to no avail . I am waiting for this product to be upgraded so that the next replacement actually works . The staff of Sharpserve are very polite and friendly but I hope the designers get their acts together soon !
 I ca n't receive any message from this fax and make a copy because of paper jam . when trying to copy a documents the sheets goes in OK but the printing paper gets jammed . this is my second replacement for this problem . but , my second replacement has also this problem . I asked this problem to Sharp custmer center because the dealer does n't exchange to new one any more because of 45days waranty period . I used this model 2 times to receive a fax since I exchanged to new one . I do n't want this model any more . I 'm waiting for the staff 's opinion of Sharp for this problem .
 my new ux300 came with a bad hand set.the dealer will not replace it becaus of `` allways problem with sharp product suport '' . i called , i e-mailed , and got nowher.it 's just a piece of !
 Paper will not feed into machine , or if it does it will jam.Machine worked perfectly for about a week and since has beenuseless except as an extra telephone . Poor quality .
 When I first bought the fax machine I received alot of junk faxes . I have n't had a real problem sending a fax , but I have had problems receiving faxes . It appears to function but will give me an out of paper or paper jammed error . On the last one I checked the spool inside and it printed but the paper would not go through . I took out the paper and reinserted it , open up the machine to see if their was actually some paper that jammed and check to see if the spool was turning i gave up .
 Machine was dirty ... no set up book included which made the machine worthless until a book was obtained , a paper tray was missing and paper did not always go through to recieve an incoming FAX , unable to read some of the page because of an overprint . For the price it should have been near/new condition ... it was junk . I would not resell this item anywhere .
 I also had problems with the program freezing up my computer . After a few times using it , it just stopped letting me open the program up . I never did figure out how to get back into the program , and I had to purchase another brand .
 These labels can end up destroying your cd or dvd player , weight shifting causing wabble , and glue comes off into your player and on your disk making them unplayable . You have to use 90 % alcohol to get the glue off your disk , and warm the disk with a hair dryer to peel the labels off . The extra weight can burn up your player sooner or later . Need to find a light weight vinyl without the glue problems . Anybody know of any ?
 I did n't use the included software , but created a database with templates for printing on the 8.5 '' x 11 '' sheets . Is easy to get artist , title , 30 song titles , release year , and a 1 '' square cover art rendition printed on the labels.You 'll need a device to apply the labels correctly . The labels look best on silver or pure white topped CDr blanks . Silver with silver printing is acceptable , but the lettering will still be visible through the labels in good light.In addition to the two circular labels there are four other labels per sheet . Skinny ones for the edge of jewel cases , and larger rectangular ones.Had to edit my review and remove stars . Some labels are cut differently . The difference -LRB- ~ 1/8 '' -RRB- caused my carefully aligned graphics to print off center and run off label edges . This is a quality control issue .
 I 've purchased Memorex brand labels 2-3 times in the past . Almost without exception , I 've found that these labels tend to begin peeling off the CD after 1-2 weeks . Although the NEATO brand labels cost twice as much , they are of much higher quality and do not peel off as easily . I have NEATO labels on CDs that are over 2 years old with no signs of peeling .
 Downloaded the labelmaker software , but could not get any images . It called 4 a Cd , which I do n't have . Went back 2 Neato product , which is user friendly . Don Christian
 First of all , I would like to say that I am VERY disapointed in the software given in this package . When you create a label and print it , it is off center , and you are left with a bunch of white space on your label . The adheisive is fine , so is the cheap plastic device usually included with any label maker in this price range . But the software is what really defeats the purpose . I used up all of the included cd labels -LRB- 10 -RRB- just trying to make 2 different labels centered properly . VERY DISAPOINTED
 I got these and was first disappointed to find that you need to purchase an applicator seperately.I was planning on buying a new printer some time soon . But this product kind of pushed me to get one faster than my wallet wanted me to . THEY GOT stuck in my printer . I could not get it out , I could n't use my printer AT ALL afterwards ! Totally jammed the printer . I actually had to purchase a new printer after using these labels . I was not happy .
 These are excellent labels , at an equally excellent price ... But , WHY do they fold the sheet in half to fit it into the box ! Only after VERY CAREFULLY unfolding the individual sheets , and `` unbending '' the several creases , folds and `` curly-cues '' are you able to put them through your laser printer . THEN , I would say that approximately 1/3 of them get jammed in the works , ruining one or both labels that come on a sheet . Furthermore , with my printer I have to disassemble my equipment in order to fish out the crumpled labels sheet .
 I have had a significant problem with these labels on DVDs . Several months after application of the label my DVDs did n't work on any of my DVD players . I finally discovered that removing the labels from the DVDs restored performance . Soaking the DVDs in water helped remove the labels .
 I bought the memorex CD LabelMaker Deluxe Kit , CD labels included , and after experimenting with the program for awhile I was able to print labels . You are pretty much on your own when it comes to figuring it out but if you are n't a newbie you will be able to.One problem with the program is that once I had selected my photo and text to put on the label , it freezes and I had to shut down the computer and restart . It happened twice while I was figuring out how to use it . Another problem is that I use pictures to put on my CD labels and the paper quality for the CD labels is very poor . You have to use a blank label first to keep the text that is already written on the CD from bleeding through and then put your label with your photo or what information you have on it on top of the blank label . So if you order 100 labels 50 is going to be wasted to stop the text on the CD from bleeding through so you actually get to use only 50 of the 100 labels . They should use photo quality paper for the labels and they do n't so if you put pictures on the labels they are not going to be as good as they could be . -LRB- Memorex give us photo quality paper for the CD labels please !!!! -RRB- I 'm willing to pay extra for it to get a better picture . After you get pass all of this you are ok . The LabelMaker gadget works just fine and puts the CD labels on so that it looks professional .
 This Memorex Labelmaker is a joke . There should be a law against products like this being sold on the open market . It is virtually impossible to use for the average computer fan . The confusion is overwhelming . I note that other reviewers are far more knowledgeable than I am , yet they had similar problems . The print calibration does not work . In trying to align the printer with correction inputs shown on the vertical and horizontal axis form , it does not come close to aligning the printer . The next time I try to align the printer I get the same correction inputs even though I previously changed them considerably . The instructions are totally insufficient - not enough details . Not enough step by step instructions . I am going to have to try another brand .
 The only thing good about this product is the applicator . The software that comes with it is horrible . First of all , the printer alignment feature does n't work , so it is impossible to align you graphics onto the paper so they will never be centered . And even the neat feature -LRB- which I thought -RRB- of having the words in circlular pattern around the outer edge of the CD looks fine on the screen but is `` squashed '' on the paper and looks horrible next to the unaligned picture graphic . Do NOT buy this product until a new version is out without all these bugs .
 This product is difficult to use . No tutorial is provide even though one is referenced in the user guide . The printer calibration did not seem to work . Items are very difficult to line up and fit into the templates . Over all , a real pain to get things to print right .
 Memorex ... one of the big names in recording tape , audio cassettes , video cassettes etc. should be ashamed to put their name on this product . It is impossible to get printer calibration to line up with the label sheets . Unfortunately , someone wasted $ to buy this for me as a gift . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS NO MATTER HOW CHEAP THE PRICE .
 I bought this product a week ago , and returned it today . Bad enough that the software was very difficult to figure out -LRB- and I have used Photoshop and others -RRB- , but it just would n't print anything on my Epson printer . I thought I must be doing something wrong , but contacted Memorex
 This thing is a piece of junk . Not only is the program a pain to use , but it is impossible to get the printer to line up with the templates . It did n't even print in the right shape . Calibrating the printer did nothing . I was fortunate to be able to return it to the store . From the looks of the packaging when I got it , I do n't think I was the first to have returned it .
 Be aware that while the picture in the ad is definitely the Sharp EL-334AB -LRB- I know because I already own one -RRB- , what you receive is the Sharp EL-334TB . I order this because I liked my current calculator so much that I wanted one for home as well . What I got was a calculator that is much bigger and clunkier and uses a kick stand instead of a tilt screen . Not what I had in mind at all . I give the vendor 5 stars for a super fast shipment , but no stars for an incorrect product description .
 The company behind this device went bankrupt and without giving notice to their paying customers stopped everything including service and support . More or less they closed the office , servers , telephone lines and went in hiding . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have this model both at home and at work . They were purchased at different times from entirely different sources . BOTH have developed gremlins . As much as I am a hard core Sharp devotee , I would not recommend this particular model . Both calculators start printing the red P -LRB- dotdotdot -RRB- line at unusual times . My work one does it here and there , on its own , out of the blue . Anywhere from one to six lines . When I try to use my home one , it does it so badly I might as well throw it away at this point . Stick to a different model , I 'd say this is a part flaw they do n't know about .
 I also regret buying one of these machines . I intentionally chose a Xerox because I thought the name meant reliability . I do n't think that anymore . Despite very light use as a home copier , this machine has presented problem after problem . Paper feeding has always been sporadic . Then after two years , the plastic gear on the fuser broke . Fortunately the machine was repaired under warranty . Now however it has broken again
 I got this for our small office and it worked for about a year . We were happy with the automatic paper feeder and the many other copy features . It was also nice to have the option to work as a computer printer , but we ended up never using that feature.However , it also stopped working for us properly . Unlike the other reviews , the paper feeder still works but trying to copy directly on the glass fails . Pressing the green start button does nothing . Documentation does n't offer any suggestions . Not going to bother with support . The other drawback we did n't realize with the document feeder was that if you want to make more than one copy , you had to feed the document through it once for each copy . That 's prone to messing up the originals if you need to make a lot of copies.So now I brought it home and use it for simple jobs that can be sent through the document feeder . It replaces a Canon copier that I 've had for 19 years -- I did n't want to buy another toner cartridge for that and it was streaky . Unfortunately , the Xerox wo n't last that long .
 Add my name to the list of those completely frustrated with this machine . The top paper feeder has become completely useless . CONSTANT paper jams no matter what type of paper I use -LRB- even the most expensive Xerox paper jams in the top feeder -RRB- . I thought that by buying a Xerox , I would be getting a good piece of equipment . Not the case . I 'm ready to trash this thing and buy a Hewlett Packard copier .
 I am very disappointed in this product . It has all the features that I was looking for - computer printing , copying from glass screen and from document feeder . I experienced paper jaming and grinding noises . I was unable to clear the jam or the grinding noise , and face the probability of having to send the product back for service . A relatively expensive home printer/copier should perform better , and be more reliable than this one .
 These mouse pads slide on some surfaces like my epoxy-finished table . However , since it 's only a bit thicker than a sheet of paper , it is useful for traveling .
 Not as good as I would like . It did not cost much and received what I paid for
 Very thin and did not last long . not worth purchasing . The 2 stars is only because I love Monet .
 I did n't know the non-slide surface means sticky ! What if the glue like material dry out ? Also seems smell cheap plastic and the picture not very bright .
 I purchased this wrist rest based on the two reviews that were available at the time of my order . Now I 'm left wondering if they were n't scam reviews because this is an absolute joke of a product . One of the reviews talked about how comfortable this wrist rest was and how it kept its shape when in use . It was this on which I based my decision to buy because I do n't just use the wrist rest as I type . I rest my head on my hand and my elbow on the wrist rest as I surf - and it 's in this position that I spend probably 75 % of my time in front of a computer.The little beads filling the product sure do n't seem like gel to me , as was stated in another review . They 're small and hard and with only a thin layer of a spandex material between my elbow/wrists and the beads the rest quickly becomes uncomfortable . It 's arguable that if there were MORE beads it might be less uncomfortable . As it is , I can hold one end of the tube and all of the filler material falls to the other side leaving a full third to three-fifths of the tube empty . So in other words , with just the lightest pressure of my wrists as I 'm typing , my wrists settle down to the bottom third of the rest with a giant hump of beads in the middle and on each end . And since my elbow is sharper and bears more weight it settles down to the point that there 's just a layer of hard beads between myself and my desk . Very uncomfortable indeed.Just to add insult to injury was the fact that I spent a little more for the `` non-skid '' version of this product only to find that it moves around smooth surfaces such as my desk with ease . There 's only a slight difference in resistance if I flip the thing over and slide it around with the `` non-skid '' surface facing up ! If this is the `` non-skid '' version I 'd hate to see the `` non-non-skid '' ! Ironically , I 've found my wrists are a little more comfortable with the `` non-skid '' side facing up . Go figure.I was willing to pay what I had to for a comfortable rest that would n't fall apart like the gel-filled rest I was replacing . Based on the other reviews I 'd thought I 'd found a decently priced item that would fit the bill but unfortunately I got a `` sock o ' beads '' that 's worthless .
 Bought it . Plugged it in . Used it for four months . It jammed . I tried to unjam it - almost impossible . In fact , after a month , I have not yet figured out how to unjam it . Poorly designed . I now have to buy something new - it wo n't be from Fellowes .
 If I 'd read the reviews here for Fellowes shredders before buying one , I would have stayed well clear . As it was , I needed a cross-cutter saw this one -LRB- P70CM -RRB- on sale and bought it . It jammed on day 1 . It has jammed numerous times since . Although the capacity states 7 pages , you 're better off shredding just a couple of pages at a time , but be warned that they recommend the unit can only operate for 2min at a time due to shoddy engineering . 6 months after purchase , a document caused it to jam resulting in the motor shearing the teeth off the internal nylon gears -LRB- for an extra 10-cents these could have been metal ... -RRB- . The other point is the wire basket which at first looks stylish , but oozes paper dust , and emptying is a struggle as the shredder jams into it - this requires some effort to dislodge which causes you exert and bend the metal basket even more etc.etc . This shredder has now joined its own output . The 1-star is for the 6 months of limited use I got out of it .
 I have had my PS80C-2 for a little over 2 years . My cutterhead supposedly had a 20 year warranty . I regularly -LRB- every shredding session -RRB- oil the cutters with canola oil -LRB- recommended in the owner 's manual -RRB- and my useage is well below the claimed duty rating . Recently , the unit began to jam more frequently and the shreds started exiting as a single mass rather than as loose shreds . I called customer support and they had me inspect the bottom of the cutterhead for broken or missing plastic fingers . Several were missing . Even though these fingers are an integral part of the cutterhead and the cutter head wo n't function without them , Fellowes claims that they are not part of the cutterhead and that they are not covered by warranty . Still worse , they are not an available part so my only recourse -LRB- according to Fellowes -RRB- is to buy a new shredder ! Fellowes self-serving definition as to what is part of the `` cutterhead '' and what is not is at best dishonest . Do n't buy a Fellowes shredder for the warranty as they will define themselves out of honoring it . I did get a couple of years of use out of it though . So , if you can get a reconditioned unit really inexpensively , it might be worth a shot as a disposable product .
 We bought the Fellowes C-14 Crosscut shredder , and paid over $ 300 for it new at Staples.It worked well for about 8 months , then started getting jammed more frequently and losing power.I Called fellowes support and they said I could only get warranty if I shipped it back to them at my expense , and with original proof of purchase.I could not produce the proof of purchase so was out of warranty.I then took it apart and found that the bar that holds the plastic fingers that remove the shredded paper from between the blades had come loose on one side , only a single small screw retains it , and no lock washer , or thread locker compound or other means to keep it from coming loose.This is a good design , but the screw needs to be retained with more than just tension , as the bolt works loose from use.When the bolt comes out , the bar that holds the plastic fingers on falls out on one side and continued use causes about half of the plastic fingers to fall into the paper bin , and get thrown out if your not aware.I then tried to get replacement parts , and apparently they are not sold by fellowes or anybody else in the world.Bottom line-Buy something besides Fellowes .
 Be advised , the warranty is no good . Fellowes will not honor their warranty . I tried twice already . It does n't matter what story you have . They find some excuse to get out of it . Do n't bother paying to ship the heavy thing back , they will just deny your claim and try to charge you to send something that does n't work back to you .
 I bought the Fellowes T7CM that is virtually identical to this unit . -LRB- confetti cut , 7 sheets at a time , 9 '' opening , mesh basket -RRB- I fed it a couple of sheets at a time , no paper clips OR staples . This unit worked for two sessions and then stopped working permanently . -LRB- I have a GBC that has worked for years . -RRB- This unit is a piece of junk . Fellowes recommends that you run the shredder for no more than 2 minutes at a time and allow a 4 minute cool down time.I can not recommend this item . It went back to the store for a refund .
 It worked for about 2 months , then got a slight jam and never recovered . Find something a bit more robust .
 I have the Fellowes shredder #S 701CM which looks just like this one . It 's the second one I 've gotten in the last 4 months . It 's fun to use and I love the mesh basket so I can see what I 've shredded and the layers of colors . The first one jammed up after a couple of weeks and it was dead . The second one seemed better , but it was probably because I was being more careful . But now it has jammed beyond the point of no return and I 'm faced with buying another . As cute as this one is , the other reviews & my own experience are telling me to get real and find something else . The reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because I had fun using it , but it really deserves only 1 star . = - -LRB-
 We purchased this shredder a few months ago for use around the house . With all those unsolicited credit card offers you can never be too careful about protecting yourself from identity theft . At first it worked like a charm , but then it suddenly started to jam up for no reason . We take good care of our electronic stuff so we were very surprised when the shredder stodecided to stop working . Then last week I added 2 sheets of paper and the shredder broke . Useless !!!
 This is our third shredder . I should say , it was our third shredder . The previous two still work but they are both strip cut and crosscut is what we want now . This shredder worked great , but I had to babysit it all the time . Do n't give it more than two sheets at a time and under no circumstances should I feed it an unopened credit card offer envelope . What do you call this shredder with a credit card offer about to be shredded ? A big jam :-RRB- Needless to say , this thing has given up ghost and it is time for another one . I did not read the opinions here before I bought mine , shame on me , but please do n't make the same mistake we did - > save your money and move on to another product .
 I have had it for two years and like others , hit has serious deteriorated until now it does n't work . At best , it shreds for less than two minutes and then shuts off for five to cool down . It will drive you nuts if you 30-50 pages to shred at the same time . It one of the worse products I have ever bought .
 Fellowes uses plastic gears in some of their shredders such as the P400C-2 . These will wear out -LRB- all the teeth broke off on mine -RRB- and they do not support replacement parts after 5 years .
 After our first shredder died , we decided to try this one which is the cross shredder . It constantly jammed and we had to use tweezers to pull out the stuck pieces in the teeth before it would operate again . Now suddenly it has completely died . No amount of work on it will get it operating ! Never again !
 Bought because we loved the features . Soon found out that the features were overstated . Jammed so often that we stopped shredding anything but regular sheets of paper ; less than seven . Lasted well under a year . Was able to clean out the last jam but it would only work for a few seconds in reverse . Disappointed especially for the price . Love the wastebasket which I am still using in my office . The most expensive wire wastebasket I will ever buy I am sure . My advice is listen to the reviews . There are more reliable shredders on the market . Do n't risk your money or time on this one because it will just drive you nuts .
 Heavy-duty motor is connected to a plastic gear . As soon as the shredder jams , the motor strips teeth off the plastic gear . Terrible design .
 The motor has a metal shaft which drives 2 nylon gears , which drive metal gears . Over time , the nylon gears weaken . Eventually the teeth shear off , and the shredder no longer shreds . Looks to me like the nylon gears are an intentional ` weak link ' to make the shredder fail over time . If all the gears were metal it would likely last a very long time .
 The top has a button that must rest on a little metal piece in the waste basket . If it 's not sitting just right , you ca n't activate the mechanism ... ie you ca n't shred . Over time , removing the top and replacing in on the basket , the metal piece will move just enough to not line up exactly as it should . Three times before I 've been able to get it back in place ... after messing with it for 10 or 15 minutes . You can press the spot on the shredder with a pair of scissors or a mail opener -- and you see the mechanism is fine ... it 's that you 've just missed sitting it on the basket by some teeny tiny bit of difference not visible to the eye . Today I gave up . AVOID Fellowes with this metal trash can . I 've only had mine about a year . Big time waster and causes frustration .
 This one worked well for a couple of weeks then one of the plastic guide fingers broke off and it jammed then split the roller support frame . It was easy to use and attractive , but I am very disappointed in the durability of this unit .
 I bought this 7-8 months ago . Used it to shred NO MORE than 40 pieces of paper and it jammed and died . Money wasted . Never again will I buy a Fellowes shredder or product
 I bought this because if the price and i thought it looked good . It jammed when I used more than 4 sheets and then it just stopped working and I could not figure out how to unjam it . It is not worth the money .
 If you have a laser mouse this pad wont work for you . I had better luck with a stack of papers than this mouse .
 I got this as a gift for a cat lover and it did n't make it for a day . On a optical laser mouse it frequently skip and jumps all over the screen . Wo n't recommend it unless you just like the image .
 This IS NOT a pad of paper as I thought . It is not `` Handwriting Paper '' as the description states . It is ONE sheet of plastic laminated , meant for dry erase markers one would suspect.Highly recommended that you do not buy this item . I was ripped off . I paid over $ 7 to have one piece of pastic paper mailed to me .
 This is very stylish with soft leather . It would be 5 stars except the smell from the dye in the leather is absolutely unbearable . I have to keep it in the garage and janitor closet at work because the smell quickly fills up the room . I do n't think its going to disappear any time soon either because it is so strong .
 beautiful briefcase , only problem is that the handles are so poorly constructed that they pull out from their base , rendering the briefcase useless . Never overstuffed the briefcase and had it for only three months before the handles ' support just tore through the leather -LRB- ? -RRB- .
 Do NOT buy this phone . Following is a transcipt of an e-mail I am sending to Panasonic which should explain why I advise anyone and everyone NOT to buy this phone.I am the PROUD owner of a Panasonic piece of trash telephone -LRB- model number KX - TG255OF -RRB- . I read the negative reviews about it on Amazon -LRB- where I purchased the phone -RRB- and I thought , but it 's so expensive ! They MUST have worked the glitches out by now ! Perhaps those people just got lemons ! I purchased the phone on January 12 , 2001 -- less than a year ago . At this point , the phone will no longer work . I can be standing NEXT to the base , and the phone reports `` Out of Range '' . I can be TOUCHING THE ANTENNA OF THE PHONE TO THE ANTENNA ON THE BASE , and the phone reports `` Out of Range '' . I called your customer support . After nearly breaking the phone trying to get the battery door off , I managed to reset the phone . Guess what ? The phone is STILL reporting `` Out of Range '' . I spent a ridiculous amount of money on a phone that worked for less than a year . The customer service rep advised me to send it in for service , but I really do n't know if it is even worth the time or effort . I just wanted to let you know that I will NEVER be buying another Panasonic phone and will advise EVERYONE I know against it as well.Sincerely , Kate Stiteler
 I have had this phone since October 1999 . I purchased it for several reasons :1 -RRB- It has the newfangled 2.4 GHz Spread Spectrum Technology2 -RRB- It is cordless and headset compatible3 -RRB- It has caller ID , caller ID with call waiting capabilities4 -RRB- It did not have an answering system5 -RRB- It worked with the voicemail I have from the phone companyAt the time , it satisfied all of my needs perfectly.Overall , the sound quality is acceptable . The battery does n't last as long as it did when I bought it , but that is to be expected . I thought , though I was mistaken , that I could add an additional handset to the base system . Right now , I need more phones in my home . That I can not add additional handsets is a drawback.The headset option is key for me because I ruined my neck at work from long hours on the phone . I can only talk on the phone with a headset or I get a giant neck ache . This phone works well with a headset and allows me to do lots of activities while on the phone.Unfortunately and ironically , the biggest advantage of this phone is also its worst feature . Once you have used the headset , the phone can not be used in non-headset mode . After removing the headset , I can not get a dial tone on the handset when I press talk . This is frustrating/annoying for people who want to use the phone without the headset.I called Panasonic to find out how to fix this problem and the representative said it happened because I was not using a Panasonic headset . I bought one , but the problem was not eliminated.By chance , I discovered that the phone could be restored to non-headset mode if the headset was removed , the handset was placed on the base , the phone was set to auto-pick up and the handset was picked up while receiving an outside call . I used the Panasonic headset after the phone was `` reset '' like this and the problem still existed.I remain frustrated because I have n't been able to find my `` secret fantasy '' cordless phone . This phone meets part of the criteria , but falls miserably short .
 Like other reviewers below -- I found this phone to be a major disappointment . At first it was a great phone -LRB- and should have been for the price tag ! -RRB- -- but after about a year I started getting horrible static , so bad that I 'd have to change phones in mid-conversation . I would n't recommend this phone to anyone .
 I bought this phone about 1 yr ago , it was very expensive and never quite worked right . I can be standing next to the charger and it will tell me it is out of range , it does not allow you to answer calls or anything when it does this . Also when I dial numbers it gets all confused and makes these weird noises and I have to hang up and keep trying until I finally get it to dial correctly . I would not recommend any Panasonic phones after using this one . Right now I am in the market for a new phone and I am probably going with a V-Tech . I know a few people who have these and love them .
 I have had great success with Panasonic phones in the past . I bought the 2.4 GHz hoping to have the same quality I 've had with previous versions . And initially I was very satisfied with the phone.It is a very attractive unit and has many very nice features . I love the phone number book . It 's so easy to store names and numbers in the phone 's memory . You can cycle through the names by pressing the up and down arrow . Once you find the name you 're looking for it will dial the number by pressing the talk button . Very slick . The conversations I had were very clear and crisp . I had unbelievable range and clarity . I also bought a headset so I could clip the phone to my belt and talk `` hands free '' . It was wonderful . The only thing I did n't like about it at first was the fact that the base unit is n't wall mountable.After about a month my luck changed . After talking on the phone for about 10 minutes the conversation would be filled with static and I 'd have to switch phones . The person I was talking to would n't notice the noise . A month or so after that I would get the `` Out of Range '' message when trying to get a dial tone . I noticed other reviewers reporting the same fact . As time went on it got worse and worse.Today , maybe three four months after I bought it , I can not use it . I ca n't get a dial tone . It is always out of range . I 've gone through every suggestion in the trouble shooter 's guide but ca n't fix it . I would call the help line , but I honestly do n't think it is worth my time or trouble.My advice to you is to avoid this phone . From reading other reviews it appears that the design has major flaws in it that can not be fixed . Perhaps the next line of `` high tech '' phones will be of better quality .
 I purchased this phone in March ,00 to replace a Sony that worked well but was large . From the beginning I noticed too much ststic for a state-of-the-art cordless phone . Also , rather than set my answering machine to answer after three rings I had to set it to 5 rings because the phone will ring 2 to 3 times before the handset on this cordless rings . In july I started getting `` Out of range '' message when I use the phone close -LRB- anywhere inside my small wood frame house -RRB- to the base . I will send the phone in for repair but am not hopeful because I was told by Panasonic that this is a design problem with this phone .
 It 's easy to be decieved by this phone 's cool looks , and multiple functons . But do n't . This is the worst phone I have ever purchased . Static and range was absolutely horrible , and customer service is terrible . I had to send the phone back -LRB- to get a replacement -RRB- three times , before they would refund my money . By the way , all three phones had the same problem ... terrible range , bad sound quality , static , and one had the ` out of range ' error others have been talking about . You are better off saving your money .
 I must agree with the other reviewers here . I 'd had my Panasonic phone for about two months when it started giving me an `` Out of range '' message whenever I tried to make a call , even when I was just inches from the base ! After a few days , it started working normally , but then it started with the `` Out of range '' nonsense again , and it has been erratic ever since . It 's not a bad phone otherwise ; I have n't had as many problems with static as the others have . I have noticed that it starts ringing -LRB- if it rings at all ! -RRB- a few seconds after the other phone I have in my house , which is a Brother phone/fax with digital answering machine . Still , for the $ 169.99 I paid for this phone -LRB- not from Amazon.com -RRB- , I expect better a performance . Pass on this one .
 I bought the phone almost a year ago -LRB- around Nov-Dec of 2000 -RRB- . I love the way the phone looks . I even bought the headset so that I could talk ` hands free ' with my family and friends . The phone has great features -LRB- caller-id , great phonebook , easy dialing . -RRB- However , the love affair is over.In the past couple of months the phone has steadly gotten worse . Lots of static and ` out-of-range ' messages . I 've bought a new battery for the phone figuring it was a bad battery . But the problems persist . Since DAY-ONE I 've had the phone on a computer grade surge suppressor -LRB- and phone line supressor -RRB- to protect it from power spikes etc.I 've read the other reviews . It seems that I 'm not alone in the problems that I 've had with the unit . I ca n't recommend that anyone else purchase one . Great design , but I 've not been satisfied with the long-term performance or reliabiliy of my phone . I 'm in now in the market to purchase a replacement phone . -LRB- NOT a PANASONIC one though . -RRB-
 I must say that I even cringe to give this phone even one star . I have had my phone one year as of December . The beginning of December , my problems started . I am another victim of the `` out of range '' and incredible static problems . I can have the phone 1 inch from the base and still have it read `` out of range '' . As a matter of fact , I had to switch to another phone during my phone call to customer service because this Panasonic kept making a zapping sound in my ear and they were unable to hear me on the other end ! They extended my warranty so that I could contact a local service center . I am in a Chicago suburb , yet the closest service center is 11/2 hrs away ! Try calling there ... nobody ever answers , all lines busy , . . the message says to leave a voice mail , only to then say that the mailbox is full . What a waste . I ca n't believe this item has n't been recalled . : -LRB-
 My experience mirrors that of the reviewer below . After about three months , my phone would give me ` out of range ' messages , even if you 're standing right next to the base unit . It would typically happen after sitting on the charger for a long period of time . I tried changing the battery , and it seemed to fix the problem at first , but it soon returned.My phone was a refurb that I bought , so I thought the issue may have been specific to my phone , but reading the reviews here , I see that it 's a problem with ALL of their phones . I notice that the newer Panasonic phones here seem to be getting positive reviews ... it may be just because the reviewer has had the phone long enough for problems to surface .
 I received the box with An empty roll inside . No labels , only the sheet the labels were already peeled off . Please either replace this item or refund my money , I am very disappointed with this item.w
 These are worthless ! I bought these to go with my DYMO 450 Turbo to print postage for my business . No where in the product description does it say that these will not print a tracking number and that they do not work with any software -LRB- including their own DYMO software -RRB- . After contacting DYMO support all they could do was confirm what I had spent three hours figuring out , they do n't work with any software and they do n't print a tracking number . Product description needs to be updated to include these important facts . I never would have bought them if I had known this . I wasted a lot of valuable time with these and had to cut and tape about 100 labels by hand while I waited for different labels to show up . Needless to say , an overall horrible and frustrating experience !
 So far I 'm a little disappointed with the product . Ink flows great , and I 'm not having a problem with it getting dirty or anything . But the ink hitting the bristol bleeds a little . I 'm not getting the sharp sharp line I 'd hoped for . I 'm still working with it , perhaps a different paper or ink , or just really moving the pen quicker . Again it 's a pretty cool pen set , just not quite as good as I 'd hoped so far .
 I love the design . The keys feel great . The printouts are crisp . The display is easy to read . It has a small footprint.But its _ so slow _ ! It 's like it 's trying to strike every character , even blanks , across the tape . The 2.1 lines per second that it quotes must be when you hit the linefeed button.I hit one digit and struck the Plus key five times in rapid succession -LRB- it _ does _ cache your keystrokes fortunately -RRB- . It took five seconds for that one number to be added five times . It took seven seconds to hit Plus five times followed by the Total key .
 These labels have only two rolls of 130 labels in each box . You can find boxes with two rolls of 350 each if you look , and these are a much better value . This item suspiciously does not seem to include information about the number of labels .
 I have one of these things I bought about 12 years ago for around twenty bucks and I liked it while it worked.I would buy another one for around twenty bucks again , but over three hundred ? What kind of jackass would pay such a ludicrous price for that thing ?
 Download functions did not work thoroughly . Keyboard functions laid out very poorly . Removal of number pad a big mistake . Entering or working with numbers a pain . Secondary functions are not consistent . It 's attractive , but not functional .
 A nice update from the 600 series . Lots more memory and larger keyboard . A sleek looking aluminum case too ! But , I could not use it as it would not translate , as stated in the manual , my Day Timer 2.1 files from my OZ-640 -LRB- which died after nine months of use -RRB- . I am unable to enter the Day Timer program from my PC due to it not recognizing my 2.1 Day Timer database . The Day Timer software is the best feature .
 I have this fax machine now - and I am looking for a replacement to it ... and here I stumple across it . I highly recommend you DO NOT buy it ! We have a horrible time faxing or copying more than one page . . the rollers like to eat up and jam the paper .
 99 out of 100 times you use it there is a paper jam . A totally useless machine that you should never buy if you want to maintain your sanity .
 This machine grabs 2 to 3 sheets of paper at a time . Each timea fax comes through it reduces the print until it is unreadable . END
 big piece of junk ... would not recommend it to anyone ... had the machine justover 90 days andit will not transmit only receive . . called the company hot line and they wouldnt do anything about it ... talked to local store where i bought it with no luck either ... i had an old sanyo roll fax machine and never gave any trouble ... wish i still had it at least e it was usable so now im shkopping for another machine ... hope whoever buildsmy next one will at least stand behind their product ...
 This thing ca n't pull a piece of paper strait through no matter what . One side always pulls faster than the other , so you eventually have the paper 1 -RRB- being printed at an angle and 2 -RRB- jamming unless you 're there to try to guide it through.Secondly , the cartridges are outrageously expensive . I still use this machine because I only get/send a fax every now and then , but if I were a regular faxer , I 'd trash this Brother in a second . The company should have recalled all of this model .
 I 've had this model fax for about 4 years now and have been plagued by paper jamming -- very frustrating . I found it worked best with 24 lb paper but still I need a more dependable fax and can not deal with having to clear paper jams every couple of days.Because of this I 'm giving this fax away for free and getting the HP 1040 .
 It does n't come out sharp , paper gets jammed it does n't perform well overall .
 Very poor quality . This machine only worked properly for approx . 2 weeks . The machine will still answer calls , play outgoing & incoming messages , but both the outgoing and incoming messages are speeded up causing extreme distortion .
 This answering machine is terrible . First of all , it replays messages . It will also tell you , for example , that you have 3 messages when you only have 1 or 2 . However , the replay of messages is the worst problem of this machine . It doesnt happen all the time , but it happens enough to make it extremely annoying . Even after you have deleted your previous messages , it will tell you it has five messages , for instance , but the first three are replays.I wouldnt have paid 10 cents for it had i known its annoying problems .
 It 's dead after two months of use . Kind of glad it died because now I have an excuse to buy a decent answering machine .
 This machine never worked reliably . It occasionally would cut off callers in the middle of their message . Also the battery backup does not work .
 Callers complained of clarity . LED is very difficult to see.Handset volume is not convenient and must be reset with each call . END
 My family and I purchased this phone at a retail outlet . It seemed perfect , at the time the only phone with these features , however we have had some disappointments .1 . If you attempt to use the base speakerphone to answer a call while someone is on the headset on another line , the headset hangs up and the base takes over .2 . The ring on the headset is not at all loud , and is very easily mistakenly switched off .3 . The instruction manual is shady . It is written in a really annoying shade of blue that makes it almost unreadable , and even the content is scanty . There is little fine print nor easy to follow conditions for proving the phone was purchased within the one year warrenty in order to obtain a replacement .4 . After about 10 months the date began to malfunction . We did not abuse this phone in any way . The date remains stuck at tuesday 8:17 pm . It is very annoying , as you thus do not know when people have called . Reseting the clock has been futile.Maybe we just got a lemon , but buyer beware , keep your reciept . I would give it four stars if it worked all of the time , but the malfunction and thus warrenty question have caused me to dock it to two stars .
 I was shopping for a new phone today to replace this ... , and stumbled across these reviews . Glad to see it 's not just me who is having problems with this phone . It looked like a great deal when I bought it , but mine suffers from all the same problems outlined by numerous reviewers already . It `` loses '' the handset , even when you pick it up right from the base - frequently , you have to hang it up again to let it reset before you can answer the phone . When the power goes out , even for a second , you have to pull the power cord out and remove the backup battery to get it working again , erasing all your messages and settings - so much for having a backup battery ! Also , the sounds quality is poor compared to my cordless Lucent and Panasonic phones.Do yourself a favor and take a pass on this phone .
 I have owned this phone about 5 months now . I have had complaints from others about outbound sound quality at times . May biggest frustration is that when the handset is on the base and a call comes in , if you pick up the handset and try to answer too quickly , the handset seems unable to find the base and I end up having to answer/conduct the business call on the speakerphone , at least until I can hang up the handset and let it `` resest '' itself , synching up the security code I would guess . The answering machine is very versatile , but the battery backup does n't seem to save messages when the power goes out , only the memory dial numbers ! What good does that do?Would keep looking ...
 I purchased this phone because it was rated by Consumer 's Report as the `` Best Buy '' but we are unhappy with the phones . Only one phone works ; call waiting has never worked and it is very difficult to read the display screen . After seeing what had to be done to return the item , we decided to keep the phone .
 The features of this phone , is not good as it sounds . The buttons are very hard to operate . some features of answering machine did n't work.I learnt a lesson for online shopping
 I just purchased the above phone for my parents . I did so based on the excellent reviews from others that appear above . I must admit , I was sceptical in doing so , since I own a Casio/Phonemate product which I am unhappy with . My skeptism was justified . The display on the phone is barely readable , just like mine . When my mother used the phone for the first time , she said it sounded echo-ee . I have a Phonemate cordless phone which is about 7 years old . It was excellent . However , when Casio merged with Phonemate , quality went down the tubes . There is no doubt the phone has many nice features , but does a poor job with the basics such as sound quality and display . Stay away from this one .
 Ca n't figure out how to get software setup to get the entire package with the label printer and scanner gun together working . Bought the deluxe wasp nest package thinking it would be sufficient only to realize I needed the label maker also . HMMMMM . Turned out to be quite the costly investment .
 I returned this machine for two reasons . The sound quality of the phone was mediocre . Voices were sometimes hard to understand in typical conversation . This model also lacks an auto answer feature which I think is an important convenience . Also , the handset is a comfortable cradle which is rare among cordless phones
 I purchased two of these phones for mothers day . One had to be returned in one month -LRB- Could not be heard by caller -RRB- . Mailed back to Casio , fixed and returned to me . Five months later both phones do not work . Batteries have been checked . Worked very well when working . Working life too short .
 I was impressed with the appearance , features , and price of this phone . I 'm sorry , but this product SUCKS ! The first day I had it , found my phone line had registered as busy all day after I made a call . After reading the manual , concluded there is a major defect in the phone . The only way I can disconnect , is to unplug the phone line . The message sounds like one is sitting in a can ... very poor quality . I am retiring this phone as soon as it 's replacement arrives -LRB- different brand -RRB- . It is not worth my time or aggravation to work with the manufacturer , especially considering the low price I paid ... will chalk it up to money spent on education . I did feel the need to take the time to return here to warn others .
 I just need a small handheld stapler , this one looked nice . I was so wrong.Worked great for the first few staples , literally the first 2 , then every single staple after that jammed , I tried 15 times and ever one jammed , with or without paper being stapled . I thought it was the staples at first , went to a friends house and tested them and they worked just fine.I would not recommend this product .
 Does n't work for me . Constant staple jams on only a couple of sheets of paper . I 'm looking for a better quality desktop stapler ...
 Bought this stapler and it worked fine for the first month when I used it but whenever my wife used it , well , I ca n't say it jammed but it just would n't work . It did n't get staples stuck or anything but would just miss them or something and then the part that holds the staples would get stuck inside the upper part . I would then have to get a tool -LRB- leatherman or something -RRB- and get it unstuck . I still was n't too unhappy with it until it has started doing the same thing with me almost every time . I am replacing it with a better brand since many of the swinglines seem to have issues .
 I should have read more carefully . This is almost a little toy . Do n't plan on sta -LSB- ling more than about 10 pages . I tried stapling the plastic case it came in . First , could n't get enough leverage to go through . Finally got it but I can see this little baby jamming easily . Might be handy hanging from your belt if you 're stapling a few pages together at various places as you walk around . For the rest of the real world , get something a little more heavy duty .
 I would say 95 % people do n't have a big enough head to wear the headset . I have a big head . My son also have a big head . My son wear XXX-L baseball helmet and still complaining tight . But this ATH-AD300 is too big for us . The problems :1 . The headset only have a Z-axis adjustment . -LRB- around + / -10 degrees each ear -RRB- 2 . There is no X or Y-axis adjustment.I consider my head size at 90 percentile . Since there is no X or y-axis adjustment , the upper foams were pressing my upper ears . This is not very comfortable . There is a 10mm -LRB- 0.4 inch -RRB- gap between the headset and my skin at the upper ear portion . If you need a good sound isolation in noisy environment , this headset is definitely NOT for you.I have purchased a noise-cancellation model of SONY . Listed price is $ 50 and I purchased a refurbished one at $ 18 at SONY outlet . It was very comportable and sounded good.I purchased my Audio Technica ATH-AD300 from eBay with no-return . So I will need to stick with this headset . At $ 46 , I suggest other re-furbished model at SONY outlet .
 I bought this item because I wanted a 2-line digital answering machine . I was very disappointed in the audio fidelity , but even more so in the programming . For example , both by phone , and on the face of the unit , it is not easy to erase calls . Comparing the programming to other units I 've used , or your local Bell answering service , the speed of use is lacking . I do n't have a suggested alternative , but I am not ready to see this is a good product .
 If you like to repeatedly punch buttons , you have super hearing and love to read manuals then by all means this is the phone for you - otherwise do n't waste your money on this P.O.S.This is by far the worst cordless phone system I have ever bought . I picked this one over others because of the price and because it had the 2 remote cradles and 2 handset - perfect for my home office , but this is greatly overshadowed by the POOR overall quality of these phones.Overall sound quality of hearing someone speak thru this phone is downright -LSB- bad -RSB- , it needs to be in an absolutely quite environment to hear anyone talk on this phone - then at that it sounds like a walkie talkie.When you punch number buttons to dial out , most likely you will have to punch the number all over again to work , even though the display shows that you punched it in , it just does n't make all the tones for each number you punched , so either punch it in all over again -LRB- and hope it takes this time -RRB- or hit the re-dial button which is lamely disguised as the `` LNR '' button -LRB- last number re-dialed -RRB- . I thought well maybe it 's just the one phone , let 's try the other one , well same thing too with the second handset as well . Even when you try to disconnect you sometimes have to hit the button two or three times to disconnect.If you want to use any other features other than make a phone call - forget it - you have to read the manual to figure it out as the button layout and abbreviations for each are hardly intuitive.If there was a `` zero '' for rating products , that is what this product would have gotten but 1 was a low as this review would go .
 I had this setup and returned it ; besides the tiny display and uncertain use-time , the setup interferred with the operation of the normal funtioning of my other phones insofar as being able to pick up and talk on any extension after my phonemate 9800 had started its message-you are supposed to be able to pick up any extension and press * to shut off the machine and answer the line . While the 200 was hooked up , it was impossible to stop the answering machine , or talk to the caller ... unless you were using one of those two Casio handsets . Since I have three other 2-line phones , this was intolerable .
 I could not believe my eyes when the package came . The box looked ok from the outside . When I opened it the poster was wrapped up like a cylinder and held closed -LRB- squished -RRB- with a rubber band . It was put in the box diagonally and THERE WAS NO PACKING MATERIAL . I have never gotten the poster to lay flat so that I could put it on the wall . The rubber band made a permanent crease . The poster is PERMANENTLY CURLED . NEVER buy a poster from these people .
 The poster was not packed very well for shipping and did not arrive without bent corners and wrinkled edges .
 This is a pricey product so I expected quality . Installation was made difficult by the instructions not including one of the pieces shipped in the box . In other words , I unpacked the box , opened the instructions , and in the PARTS LIST at the top of the page , one steel bracket and two bolts were not mentioned ! Oh well , I lost 1 hour trying to figure out the right way to mount that bracket , and got it to work . Screwed on the mounting bracket , slid the CPU onto the track and ... . crooked ! There 's nothing to be done about it . I spent another hour messing with the various clamps , to no avail . My machine is not especially heavy but it pulls the clamp sideways . And Fellowes calls this their professional line ? I 'm going to go with a computer mount that goes ALL THE WAY around the machine -- I suspect any L-shaped bracket might cause a problem like this.Disappointed + inconvenienced + return hassle = 1 star .
 A side by side test with an old , worn Quartet marker showed an obvious difference . My last Quartet marker was getting old , so with their new `` patented three chamber technology '' and `` ink level gauge , '' I thought these would show a marked -LRB- sorry -RRB- improvement over the old ones . Not so ! Even my old Quartet markers are darker than these brand new ones . Quartet must have changed something , and not for the better . Very disappointing.Expo markers are much darker and the colors much bolder . They erase well too - just do n't get Expo `` washable '' markers . They 're about as faint as these and do n't erase well at all.Good
 Initially , I was impressed with the patented 3-chamber technology that would make the markers last longer and give the user a visual indication of when the ink has run out . Unfortunately , with about a week of use , the ink started leaking from the tip leaving puddles on my dry erase board and left stains on my fingers every time I attempt to write with it . And I 'm not even a heavy user . The chamber which was full a week ago is nearly empty now . Also , I agree with another reviewer who said that it is difficult to erase the ink after it 's dried . You need to put a good amount of elbow grease with the dry eraser . Perhaps I got a defective one , but I 'm going to stick to the tried and true Expo markers from now on .
 They are certified `` non-Toxic '' but the MSDS does not say what is in them . The smell is not very noticeable at all but with a cap off for less then a minute I began to gag , even though a window as cracked open . Other people do not react at all to it . I wish I knew what solvent they used . I think it was actually the bullet tip style , which I do n't see listed on Amazon .
 I am writing to express my concern about the environmental impact of the plastic casings for Quartet dry erase markers . I use them in the classroom where I teach out of necessity . However , within two weeks they have run out of ink and it 's time to open a new pack . Meanwhile these hard plastic casings for the ink are being dispensed of in the garbage and ending up , non biodegradable , in landfills . I have written the company to ask that they evaluate other ways of encasing these so as to lessen their environmental impact . Perhaps they might find away to create a refillable encasing - like a fountain pen . Offices or schools could have a dispenser where employees could refill their pens.I used a SMARTBoard where I previously taught and did not have to rely upon these dry erase markers .
 I chose the Jewel tones Smead Folders , because I liked the colors that they were supposed to be ; as displayed on the amazon website . Unfortunately , the folders that arrived were not at all the same colors displayed on the internet . They are very different and not at all pleasing to look at . What a disappointment .
 I do n't know anything about what is normal weight for keyboard trays , but I was shocked by how heavy this was . I had a carpenter install it and it lasted about 10 minutes when it collapsed to the floor . You need to have a solid wood desk . Mine is a cheap reproduction -LRB- particle board -RRB- of wood.It looks like it would be great if your desk can handle the weight.Rebecca
 I am so upset with the product . After using it for about six months it started to fall apart . Now the reversible board does not stay in place . Stay away from this product .
 The barcode is hard to install . no software is found on HP site.plus the most disturbing thing on the barcode is that after you scan you MUST press to ENTER key.plus many products it cant scan ...
 i really wanted the fisher telescoping pen but decided on this one for the price , i have rotring pens which worked very well but this one is junk it looks nice but the telescoping part -LRB- in out of the refill -RRB- is very tough to manipulate & it does not always go back in all the way.i will be getting the fisher pen soon , the only pens i use now .
 I have used a Cross Ion pen for years and was thrilled with it . It looks like Cross discontinued them a few years ago so I figured this was the replacement . It is n't . The Ion pen was a joy to use . It was compact , easy to operate with one hand , and never gave me any problems . Initially it had ink flow problems -LRB- cartridges would dry up prematurely -RRB- but those appeared to be fixed over time.This pen was designed with aesthetics in mind and sacrificed everything else . The pen can be operated with one hand , but the element does n't `` snap '' in place . You have to manually insure that the pen is fully extended or retracted . I 've gotten ink on my hand several times because the pen was only partially retracted.Ink flow is pretty bad . It takes a few strokes to get it flowing . I do n't really care for the overall feel of the pen on paper either.The last straw was when I dropped it . Once . Yes I dropped it on a hard surface , and I 'm sure that is n't Cross 's fault . But the pen immediately ceased to function after that -LRB- would no longer extend or retract -RRB- . I went to their website to send it in for repair , and it 's $ 10 + s/h . Forget it . This pen has been nothing but a constant disappointment , and its not worth $ 10 on top of the small fortune it already cost to get it repaired.I really wish Cross had a practical pen with a solid feel intended as a writing instrument instead of focusing all their energy on appearance for the showcase . Of all the writing tools I 've ever used , this is the most disappointing .
 Well of course the old saying holds true , quality comes with a price and this is n't it . This '' Made in china '' phone is very poorly put together and smells like new tires . It does work but the sound quality and clarity are poor . If you just want a cheap phone for the kids room or something then it is fine .
 This phone was listed as having `` music on hold '' , a feature I had to have ; I had looked at close-up image to check it before ordering , but when it arrived , the button that had been shown as `` hold '' was changed to `` redial '' .
 The JWIN JTP570WHT I received is almost totally faulty . The speaker-phone volume ca n't be raised enough , and the ` Store ' and ` Auto ' functions do n't work !
 I received and returned this phone twice because not only the 1st one received , but even the 2nd one received did not function .
 I bought this phone last year . It 's hard to find land-line phones anymore with decent features and quality production and design . This phone is an example of having many features but surrounded by poor design and cheap -LRB- pejorative -RRB- quality . Here are my complaints :1 -RRB- The phone is made of plastic that is cheap and TOO LIGHT . It is so light that it is easily pulled off the desk and falls on the floor when you quickly grab the handset . One workaround is to by a 25-foot extension cord , but you still need to be careful .1 a -RRB- The light -LRB- i.e. , cheap -RRB- plastic causes the handset to creak in your hand . This is picked up by the microphone and interferes with your conversation .2 -RRB- The display is set at an angle that no matter where you set the contrast -LRB- 1-5 -RRB- it is not easy to read if it is on your desk and you are sitting at your desk . I have to lean way over the display to read it . You can not change the display 's viewing angle .3 -RRB- The `` date stamp '' is in a European format -LRB- i.e. , dd/mm -RRB- which can be confusing . You can not change the format to an American format of mm/dd .4 -RRB- The speaker , handset and ringer volumes are all too soft even when set to maximum . -LRB- If you are hard of hearing you may have noticeable trouble having a conversation on this phone . -RRB- 5 -RRB- Microphone for the speakerphone is positioned near the underside of the phone -LRB- close to the surface of the desk -RRB- , rather than up on the top where your mouth is normally going to be positioned ! Callers at the other end will complain that they ca n't hear you.The only thing that I liked about this phone is that it has a `` Hold '' button , which many companies no longer include on their phones -LRB- e.g. , GE phones -RRB- . All of these deficiencies should be corrected . If they were , I 'd be willing to pay $ 20 - $ 25 more for a phone like this.If JWIN corrected all of these deficiencies AND had illuminated buttons and a backlit display that lit up when calls came in , or when I picked up the phone , I would be willing to pay $ 25 - $ 35 more for this phone .
 Please do not buy this phone . It does not work . It is Junk . Buy an AT&T phone .
 I have had a very , very cranky answering machine but this one is n't worth two cents ! When I first got it , the light woud n't stop blinking , and now it wo n't start ! And it would cut off every single message I got before I heard three words ! Believe me , they should discontinue this machine IMMEDIATELY !
 I ignored the first message . Noone can understand our message when they call no mater what we do . I did n't believe an organization could really not know how to make the basic functions work but I was wrong . Our 's still has n't stoped flashing . I am returning it .
 Looks much better as a picture . This was a lot of money for a cheap piece of plastic . It is somewhat sturdy so receives better than one star . However , this was received cracked and dirty and just plain ugly . My business partner laughed when it came in the mail and said , `` you 've been had !!! '' Do n't be cheap like us and spend a few more dollars for a better one . Not too sure about this company who sent us what looks to be a used product . We 'll be looking for another product . If you still want this product , look on craigs list as this one will be listed there soon
 Basic product that holds papers . Several surfaces were nicked upon arrival . Boards holding papers are held in place by flimsy plastic .
 This is made of particle board & laminate -- that much I knew . I was n't expecting a fine piece of furniture , but what I WAS expecting was that it would be packaged well enough to survive shipping . It was n't . It arrived with one bad `` crunch '' in the upper right corner and a couple other minor crunches . Because we 're using it in a fairly utilitarian spot , looks do n't matter too much and , functionally , it still works . It is n't worth the hassle of contacting customer service to resolve this . The fact that it was damaged in more than one place on the box , resulting in several different injuries to the item , means that their packaging is NO WHERE NEAR as sturdy as it needs to be.Damage aside , the piece is functional and works well as a mail-sorting station by our back door . It is laminate & particle board and some of the pieces COULD meet up a little bit better . The fiberboard -LRB- brown in the photo -RRB- shelves should be a little more substantial -- when built as-shown , they are n't rigid enough to stand up to much use . They come with a black plastic edgeband that you add on during assembly that stiffens it some , but it 's still pretty flimsy . I 'm afraid that , with much use , it will not hold up -- I forsee having to replace them with something like plexiglass in the future.Still , for the price , I 'd probably buy it again ... though if I were putting it somewhere more visible in my home , I would send the unit back if they could n't replace the broken pieces .
 This broke while putting together . The holes were too small and the dowels broke through the shelves Cheap materials .
 Color is described as ` neon red ' . Please note that they are not red and not ` neon ' , which to me suggests a bright color.They are a faded pink color , best described as ` salmon ' . Upon review , labels did not match the Amazon photo or the Avery website.Next time , I will probably buy such items in person at a local retailer , to hand pick the correct color .
 This fax machine is very error-prone . The ability for the fax machine to process incoming faxes when linked to an answering machine was intermittent ; often times clients would have to re-send items multiple times . The build quality is very poor and the front access door is built to withstand only a few openings and closings before the hinge system fails . As a person who expects electronic items to work , and as a person who takes very good care of his electronic items , I was extremely disappointed with this unit .
 Notwithstanding attractive reviews elsewhere , our office experiencewith the Canon FaxPhone L170 is that incoming faxes cause themachine to jam . If we were doing it again , we 'd elect another brand .
 I really did n't have good luck with this fax printer . It would try to send a fax once and then give up if it got a busy signal or other interruption . It would then make this really annoying alarm sound that basically meant `` tough luck buddy '' . I tried working with the settings but could n't figure it out . I tried using it as a backup printer but the driver I downloaded did n't work . The wizard software would n't recognize the printer being plugged in even though the computer did . It did make copies okay . If anyone wants one , they can have mine .
 During three months of light use the machine has jammed three times . This time after opening up the printer I ca n't find the jammed paper anywhere . This thing jams worse than any other printer I 've ever owned . Avoid it .
 Color is described as ` neon red ' . Please note that they are not red and not ` neon ' , which to me suggests a bright color.They are a faded pink color , best described as ` salmon ' . Upon review , labels did not match the Amazon photo or the Avery website.Next time , I will probably buy such items in person at a local retailer , to hand pick the correct color .
 I ordered the item you have displayed on this web site , but your vendor that fulfilled my order sent me the wrong item and refused to make it good ! He insisted on saying he sent me my order when in fact he did n't ! I ordered the fax cartridge not two fax films in which is what he sent me . Your vendor was Jim McGrath of JAM Innovations 334 Commonwealth Avenue Boston , MA 02115 . As a result I filed a complaint with the Fair Trade Commission , because he stole my money !! I contacted a division of your organization the A-Z gaurantee , and they refused to do anything about it . I have ordered 5 different items from your web site and this is the first time I 've encountered any thing like this.Thank you ; Abdul-R Rashid
 I really like Rotring ... but ! This is my second ` Multipens Trio ' , and it sucks as bad as the first one I bought . The pens do n't come out in a prescribed sequence , in other words it takes several clicks to get from orange to black to the pencil . The ballpoints are unforgiving no matter how long you try to get them warmed up , they just wo n't put out the ink . Beautiful body , terrible for anything else . I do not recommend this pen series at all .
 Disappointment best describes my reaction to this product . After having read much about the Rotring brand in the blogosphere , I ordered this product with barely concealed excitement . I even ordered an extra for my CEO , who is an engineer and a perfectionist . Upon receipt of them , however , I decided not to give him one . Neither the blue nor the red ink worked on either pen and the product as a whole just seemed cheap .
 I used to have a number of the Rotring 600 Trio pens from the 90 's I gifted most of them and now I want to hunt those people down and ask for them back . They were well made , smooth , and a real piece of German Technology . This pen show say made in China if it does not already . I used it for one day and it is sitting in my car 's center console in case I need a pen . it has a prominent seat next to the pen I stole from the bank and the one from Planet Fitness .
 bought thru eBay . came with no instructions . has now amassed 17 messages . i see no delete button . have enormous difficulty understanding bass voices , men 's ; women 's are easier , even with attached headset . please send me such info . thanx .
 i guess i get what i pay for ... bad health and a fixed income prevents me from paying someone to return this mistake ... never made a complete five minute call with no fall out ... i appreciate items like this as they would be good to stock at the dollar store ... works the same as my grammar ... im going to donate it to the homeless ... learned my lesson to stick with the established giants of the business ... im guessing the five star review was from an employee or parent of one `` every day is like a sporting event ... good thing i like sports '' -- my life motto these days
 I had to throw it away in 3 months . I guess you get what u pay for . I only paid $ 10 for it . The headset was very low and the answering machine started crackling in about a month . It was just a waste of time to try and send it back .
 I followed instructions for initial charge of battery but it never charged enough to conduct a call or stop beeping . Crutchfield customer support was quick . They sent me a complete new phone immediately but it has the exact same problem . I am guessing the entire lot has defective batteries causing the clearance pricing . I am planning to buy a different phone as these are not functional at all .
 We purchased this chair and , after just a few weeks , the base broke in several places suddenly causing one of our co-workers to crash to floor , hitting his head on the desk beside him . This chair is dangerous and should not be purchased .
 Do n't buy this chair ! It collapsed and the leg base busted in half after a few weeks ! For the cost of this chair , I 'd have expected something more sturdy .
 I ordered two letter organizers and received them promptly . One of the boxes was damaged so I returned it and kept the other . I called and spoke to a representative 3 times and they assured me that another organizer would be sent in it 's place . It 's been over a month now with no cabinet received . I 'm not happy about this because it was a b-day present .
 For the price I thought this would be a quality item . The boards came with dings and broken corners , it is composite-particle board , but by the time I paid to send it back I 'd be out more money and not have a paper sorter.There was very little packing material to protect pieces during shipping . Do n't overload the slots or they fall out . I wanted to use this to keep different types of copy paper sorted next to my copy machine and to sort projects . A full ream of paper will not work in the upper slots . Took 2 of us 2 hours to put together . It went together fairly easily .
 When I received the board there was hole in the box . I tore it open to see if the surface of the board was scratched , it was not . I also noticed the box was falling apart and was made of very thin cardboard . A week later when I hung the board the down lighting from above showed a dent where the hole in the box was and the frame was also scratched at the bottom . I am surprised there was not more damage considering the packaging . It is a very nice board for the money , just be aware it may not arrive in new condition .
 Bought this phone because I wanted a red cordless phone for my kitchen . The guarantee ran out -- the phone started to malfunction -- not holding a charge , indicating on the screen that it could n't connect with the base unit -LRB- I was standing right next to the base unit -RRB- . I replaced the battery -- thinking it was a battery issue . I never used the phone in the water or dropped it -- two situations Panasonic advertised that this phone could survive . Problem is , the phone could n't survive infrequent conventional use -LRB- I use my cell phone more often -RRB- . I called Panasonic customer service . Panasonic `` generously '' offered to let me buy another phone from them at $ 80 less a special 15 % discount -- more than I paid for the phone when I purchased it . They told me that it was out of warranty , something I already knew before I called them.Panasonic has terrible customer service and shoddy products . My advice , buy another brand of phone . I wo n't be bothering with Panasonic in the future . Life 's too short for that kind of aggravation .
 Amazon is charging more than the regular $ 79.95 retail price charged by the manufacturer . You can buy it direct from Panasonic for $ 79.95 . Shame on you Amazon .
 While this is a nice printing calculator it did not have the &#34; Time/Date Feature &#34; mentioned in the description.For that reason , I had to return this item . Too bad ...
 this is the worst sounding answering machine I 've ever had or heard ... no matter how many times I recorded my message , it sounds like absolute crap ... it makes me want to go back to my tape machine ... its amazing how poorly a digital machine can sound ... i 'm going to return this immediately . Do n't buy this !
 The user interface is ridiculously complicated . When you entera password for the mailboxes , it announces each number loudly afteryou entered it , making it difficult to maintain any privacy -- why havepasswords at all if everyone nearby can hear your password when youenter it ? The sound quality on the recordings is terrible -- the firsttime my mother heard my outgoing recording , she said `` What ` swrong with your answering machine ? It sounds like you 're speakingfrom Jupiter ! '' Also , after a few months , the screen beganflashing `` lo '' , which means the backup battery neededreplacing . Replacing it involves unscrewing a compartment on theunderside of the machine with a mini-screwdriver -LRB- why on earth nothave it just pop off like most ? -RRB- . So I put a brand new battery in.Less than a month later , it 's flashing `` lo '' again , eventhough there have n't been any power outages , so the battery should n'teven have been used ! ...
 The sound is awful , but I trudged on ... as I laid my plans for the purchase of a future network appliance with voicemail capabilities . Unfortunately , it 's reliability matches it 's quality and it locked up my phone line at least 4 times.Replaced it with a cheap AT&T ; unit today .
 I read two reviews when I decided to buy one of these . I think that ifmine had worked , it would have been great . Unfortunately , it hangs upwhile playing the outgoing message . The user interface is very complicated as well . An answering machine that does n't answer is n't very useful , no matter how many features it has . I 'm returning mine .
 No problem with the boards , but Shoplet can not deliver the boards on time ; even after they scheduled the time on 2 different occasions . Shoplet said their drivers would call first - that did not happen . Even after giving a 4 hour windows they could get there . They said they would come back that day , they did not . They said they would deliver the next business day . They did not and they did not call until the end of that business day to schedule for the following day . This was purchased by a large company there are plenty of people at our shipping docks , yet they could not make it work . We scheduled people to hang the boards based on their schedule ; that cost us . On top of it all they could not even bother with an apology . This is the worst review I have ever written , and I still believe I am being gracious .
 I 've owned this product for several months now and I did one unit software upgrade to ver 2.4.1 . The software crashes quite frequently upon initialization . I had to contact support directly and I was told that this is a known problem and that I should roll back to ver 2.3.1 for better software stability . Sad to say , the older version is not much better.The Miglia website is totally useless , and if you try and locate software updates via the support link , you will be going in circles and not getting the information you are seeking . When I did get to speak to support about returning a defective unit -LRB- which they took care of in a timely manor -RRB- , I told them about the issue back around August 1 , and almost a month later , nothing has been done.This is a sad reflection on how much they care about the customer and I really doubt they are doing anything to improve their support website and/or the stability of their unit software for the Tvmini HD.Save yourself some grief and stay away from this product !!! This is purely an issue with Miglia/Elgato and not Amazon . I have bought other items from Amazon and have had complete satisfaction .
 they were suppose to ship 12 and shipped one . We contacted the seller and they said they would fix the problem and never did . Also , the one notepad they did ship had very few pieces of paper in it to write on . DO NOT TRUST THIS SELLER !
 Cons
 I wish these were better . The cd labels go onto the cd quite nicely , but after a week , they start coming off and warping . The pack should come with a burnishing tool , or the adhesive needs to be stronger . Also , the template is not that great to use . It 's a word doc and was n't easy to use . I had to turn it into a pdf and then bring it into Illustrator in order to make it more usable .
 This casing is totally useless ! Not only did I have to replace it 2 weeks after its purchase as it tore and stretched from regular use as many other Marware casings . The replacement was no better but by then the Toronto Apple store would no longer give me a replacement . I contacted Marware who were happy to have me ship them the defective casing AT MY OWN COST and when sending me a replacement , being in Canada I was slapped with a nice $ 21.87 CAD import charge ! Ridiculous ! I wish I read the reviews for other such Marware products and never had to go through all these hassles . DO N'T BUY THIS CASING ! It 's a good design but TERRIBLE choice of materials offering no protection for your iPod since it 's soft and easily torn .
 Basically , I would not recommend this product . It is over-priced for what it does . There are problems with the Russian letters too . I am disappointed with this product .
 Was n't helpful at all . Unit is too small . Time consuming . A handheld book would have been better . Rules so tight on return or exchange , Im stuck with a product that I have no use for . Limited capacity . Doesnt pronouce the latin word . What good is a latin talking dictionary if it doesnt speak the language .
 I did n't pay attention to the other person who reviewed this product and regretted it . I can confirm with everything the first reviewer said . The dictionary is horrible . Furthermore I tried to return it and could n't . I played phone tag with 5 different companies who kept transferring me and would n't give me this code that I needed to return it . This code is NOT on your invoice and can only be had by phoning this company , but since no one I talked to would give it to be , I could n't return it . They said they would call me back , they did n't . They said they would email me back , they did n't . Furthermore you only have 14 days to return it so basically I got screwed . I lost $ 140 on a product that is so bad I will never use it . Amazon.com should be ashamed for letting the company who made this product sell it on their site .
 Shoddy construction , , , , , , As i was pulling the item out of the box , it fell apart in my hands . -LRB- the area where notes etc go -RRB- ' looking at the construction , i saw it was held together with only very tiny little nails and believe that the normal shifting of the unit on the desk , would only contribute to it falling apart sooner or later - most likely sooner.It never left the box before i sent it back ...
 The desk organizer was broken in two pieces on arrival . It appeared to be made of pressed board , not wood ... cheap . Sent it back for full refund . Ca n't say enough good about amazon 's customer service .
 -LRB- Did not Purchase Nor will I EVER !! -RRB- I did some research on lasers of this rating . The highest value of a 473nm , < 5mW Class IIIa Laser is no more than 300 $ for the Finest of crafted quality by a legit Laser Production Company -LRB- with a warranty -RRB- . There is no Excuse for 800 $ and 100 $ shipping . For this Price I would expect a Laser that could cut things with ease , something 5mW is not even close to doing . -LRB- Granted anything that powerful would not be sold to the public . -RRB- So Please viewers do not get fooled by this 900 $ Laser . If you want fun look around at the 20-50 $ Lasers . I bought some from HDE Storefront on Amazon a Violet and Green 30mW for like barely 15 $ and they are Awesome ! The green beam is visible at night in my house and even more so outside , appears to reach the stars ! Hope this helps people avoid an expensive mistake .
 You would be better off purchasing something at the General Dollar Store . This canister is so overpriced , the lids just sit on the top , they do not snap and the individual canisters just sit on it , so if you accidently knock it , you will be busy picking everything up off the floor . Mine actually came with the plastic being broken on the inside lip . Very , very cheaply made . Definitely DO NOT recommend .
 It looks pretty and nice but it was defective . The lead does not come out and for the expensive price it has !!!! pay 20 dollars to buy a defective item . It makes you think are these online sellers trying to sell an item or trying to get rid of defective products !!!! it seems like no one checks on them . Very nice pencil but did not work even for a day . just a waste of money . WHen it arrived there was a lot of dust on the box that had not been removed before putting in the box also .
 We bought this spell checker for my daughter . She was able to more easily and quickly check her spelling without using a computer . But the cover does n't protect the screen very well , and the screen cracked after my daughter accidentally put her bookbag down so that the spell checker was underneath the books .
 I have a Wordmaster , also manufactured by Franklin . It 's about 15 years old , and far superior to this Spelling Ace . I did a random test for synonyms , using the words `` heard '' , `` bury '' , `` relish '' and `` wonder '' . The Spelling Ace produced a total of 19 synonyms for these 4 words . My 15-year-old Wordmaster gave me me a total of 80 . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on this product , but fortunately , I still have the old one
 It did n't work . I returned it . Was it added to my account ? How do I see what amount is left ?
 Seems as there is a `` factory production '' problem with this item . The back side of the document board has a shaft that slides into an opening on the base that can then be tightened . Unfortunately the opening is to small to accommodate the shaft even when the opening is at its greatest expansion.Hence the document holder is useless . I have requested a refund from Shoplet which they say they will action in a day or so however they didnot seem interested in checking the item that they are still selling to correct the problem ... Bottom line ... dont waist your money on this item ...
 This phone is junk ! I have bought 3 of these for resale in a gift store . They will work for about a week and quit . It 's cost me a bundle to pay for postage and replacement of two of these . I wo n't even bring the last one out of storage . They are pretty ... but not at all functional !
 I used the Quicker Clicker line of mechanical pencils for years . They are built to last with high quality plastic and metal pieces.Unfortunately , I learned about their greatest drawback the hard way . The metal sleeve the lead advances out of does not retract . I always carry pencils in my pocket and I did not know the metal sleeve had poked through my jeans . When I quickly moved my arm across it , the metal sleeve caught my skin and I ended up with a 4 inch rip across my forearm . The scar is slowly healing but my distaste for this pencil never will.If you plan to leave this pencil in a jar next to your desk , it will serve you for years and you will be very happy with it . If you 're like me and carry a writing utensil in your pocket , beware !!!
 I have to agree with other people 's reviews . At first I pulled an impulse buy and picked it up for the Spiderman styling . Within 1 week the side of my index fingers were raw from the screw placement under the handles . There 's an edge where the screw enters that rubs your fingers raw . It also gets a little slick when you 've been playing a while . I did n't find any use for the slow-mo button either . It just paused my game over and over . I ALSO had problems needing to smash the buttons in after a while . I figure mine lasted about 11/2 months before I chucked it . Who was chosen as the focus group for this item at Marvel and how much comic book print were they sniffing when they reviewed this controller ?
 when I saw the controller I thought my son would like it so I bought it for him . I gave it to him and it broke about 3to4 mounths later . we tryed it in both controller ports it still did not work . I took it back to the place we bought it and they said that they ca n't help us.If you know of any way of helping me please contact me at 1-301-728-3287 thank you
 OK THIS PAD IS MEDIOCORE I HAD IT FOR 3 DAYS THEN IT STARTED ACTING UP AND IT WOULD ONLY WORK IN THE SECOND CONTROLLER PORT TO MAKE SURE IT WASENT MY PS2 I TESTED IT OUT ON MY FRIENDS PS2 AND IT DID THE SAME THING THE REASON IAM GIVING IT 2 STARS INSTED OF 0 IS BECAUSE FOR THE 3 DAYS IT WORKED IT WAS GREAT
 I have had this phone for about three years . I bought it primarily to use it as a good quality speaker-phone -LRB- with mute -RRB- for long conference calls . It was quite expensive -LRB- I paid $ 200 to get it -RRB- but here are what I have found to be its shortcomings
 Wonderful quality speakerphone when it works . I have not found anything to compare . However , my first phone failed after 2 weeks - it would not hang up the line . My replacement phone lasted less than a week - no dial tone . I 've just requested a 2nd replacement ; if it does n't last I 'll be looking for something else .
 The microphone must be terrible . Others can not hear me very well as I 've tried the phone on three different phone lines . The handset is very bad and not ergonomic . Do n't buy this product if you need a business phone .
 We bought this two-line phone in April for the conferencing capability and have had nothing but problems , the worst being that calls are randomly dropped . It does n't matter which line , how long you have been talking or whether it is incoming or outgoing . This is a HUGE problem for our business . It is impossible to get service on this phone from Polycom . Yesterday I spent over two hours -LRB- 47 minutes just on hold -RRB- and got a service request issued but the really nasty tech support rep I finally spoke to -LRB- James -RRB- kept telling me I needed to talk to my company 's IT rep. We are a small business , we have no IT rep. He finally agreed to have me send the phone back and in 30 DAYS they would ship me another one but then he never sent the promised email with the info on where to mail it ... just blew us off after two hours . My service request appears in their system with no indication that I even spoke with him . Stay away from this company unless you are IBM or Microsoft and have an IT department to try and deal with them .
 The unit functioned fine -LRB- very good audio quality on my end and on caller end -RRB- , until the phone 's `` line 2 '' stopped working -LRB- purchased less than 90 days ago -RRB- . Once I determined that the problem was with the phone and not the phone line , Polycom 's support response -LRB- via website -RRB- was relatively quick , and they acknowledged the problem and agreed to replace the defective unit -LRB- still under warranty -RRB- . BE AWARE
 I am now on my 4th Polycom Soundpoint Pro phone since April 2008 . If it was n't for the 1 year warranty , I would have trashed this system a long time ago . It must be geared for the home user and not for business applications as I am on the telephone 75 % of each day with customers and vendors . I have been very disappointed in the telephones sound quality , performance and features . When you attempt to connect two callers via the conferencing feature , the parties can not hear each other . There is no backlight for the display which makes it difficult to see and I would expect with the price paid for this phone , Polycom could come up with some sort of LED . When you attempt to use the speaker phone , it is reported as being very poor sound quality and I am frequently asked to pick up the headset . It also has a limited range for increasing the volume for the call . The ultimate failures have occurred when the phone will not disconnect the calls . It leaves the lines open . Tried to trouble shoot but keep getting the same response from customer service that they have not experienced this problem before . I have read on the internet in several places that this same problem has occurred with other users of this particular phone model . The telephone power supply is plugged in to a surge protector that inturn is plugged into a back up power system ; so power surges ca n't be the problem .
 We have had four Polycom SE 225s and all four have died a sudden and unexplainable death . All our other phones ATT , Uniden , etc. have had no problems - just our 4 Polycoms . Only one Polycom SE 225 was under warranty - others over one year old were not covered . The replacement phone that we received under warranty also died . We like the phone when it works , which is why we had four . The sudden death and lack of response to the clear product fault from Polycom has caused us to give up on the Polycom brand entirely . It is hard to believe that Polycom has not determined the cause - the company certainly must have a vast number of returned phones to test , given the number of refurbished phones that are available on the market . A responsible company would quickly determine the failure -LRB- since the problem can be fixed for a price the cause must be known -RRB- and be transparent about it with customers - and fix the customer 's phone without charge when the product itself is the cause of failure . At $ 250 per phone that is the least that you would expect . This looks like a class action suit waiting to be filed .
 bought two . returned both . first unit broke after two days of light use , and was completely non-functional . Second unit confirmed performance issues I had with the first before it broke , so it was returned as well.The speakerphone 's full duplex action is not nearly as good as the marketing suggests . The microphone is rather weak , so my listeners tell me . The unit runs very hot all the time , which is a little worrisome . And even the handset does n't give good voice transmission . i recorded a message with the handset and then listened to it , and it was mediocre quality . Sounded like I was on a headset , not the handset.Wish this thing was as good as it looked . Still looking for a true top of the line quality 2-line speakerphone without voice mail .
 Had this phone for 3 years . Intermittently , I could hear a dialtone , but the phone 's dialing would n't register on the line.Speakerphone quality was okay . The built-in headphone amp is sub-par and can not adequately raise the volume of sound for the user.The 3-way calling -LRB- 2 lines , conferenced together -RRB- has never worked . I can hear each party , but they can not hear each other.Finally , after 3 years , the phone failed . It ca n't dial out . I 've tried changing out the phone cable , resetting the software default settings , and such . Nothing works . I have a $ 250 paperweight -LRB- I bought mine at a higher price than at Amazon -RRB- . Software rev is 0.2 b if that makes any difference.My company even has a service contract with Polycom and they refuse to help me with this phone.Don ' t buy it . Save $ 100 and buy some other 2-line phone . I had such high hopes for this phone .
 The main speaker for this product is always powered , so there is a constant low level hiss . Polycom was very prompt and sent out a replacement , which had the same problem . In a normal office environment , the hiss will blend into the white noise background .
 I would not spend the money for this phone . I work at home so I decided to invest in a really good phone with 2 lines and a speaker . The handset was always hot when I picked it up and put it to my ear . I contacted the company and they did send me another one but it did the same thing . So I decided to live with it because the speaker was good . But with use of less than a year , the sound became lower . No one can hear me on calls and I ca n't hear anyone else with the volume up . I contacted the company but it had been over a year so no luck getting help since it was now out of warranty . They would fix it if I paid shipping and a repair job but it would be almost the cost of a new phone . I did my own problem determination by swapping the phone with another one and the new one was fine , I also replaced any parts I could like a different hand set that fit , a different phone line cord , etc. . So , I have a $ 200 paperweight . Do not waste your money .
 I work from my home office , and am on the phone an average of 5 hours a day . It is essential that I have a clear , reliable speakerphone . Unfortunately , Polycom 's Soundpoint Pro SE-225 did not deliver in either case.I have had three of these phones in the last year , two of which were replacements from Polycom . All three had the same problem - suddenly the phone will not recognize digit dialing . The first replacement came from Polycom and worked for three months , the second for about nine , and now my warranty is out and Polycom will not address that this is a recurring problem . Effectively I have a $ 250 lump of plastic that now must be thrown away.Additionally , audio quality , both incoming and outgoing , are marginal at best . Often incoming call volumes on speakerphone will randomly drop to inaudible levels . Resetting the phone resolves this temporarily , but it does return . For outgoing calls I am often told that my volume is very low , and the only resolution is to put my mouth right next to the microphone.Polycom , for what its worth , is a well-known company . I have used them in corporate environments around the world . However , their products are marginal at best , and their support is abysmal . While it may be more effective in corporate environment where a $ 200 + phone can be thrown away , in the home consumer market this is not acceptable.I encourage others to look elsewhere , which I am once again now forced to do .
 This is an update to a prior review . My fourth -LRB- or is it fifth -RRB- replacement phone stopped working , wo n't hold dial tone for more than 5 seconds , and is totally worthless . It 's pretty clear after all these attempts that Polycom is shoving the home consumer aside in favor of the larger corporations ' business . Otherwise , why would I have been provided with `` refurbished '' devices when the original `` new '' device never worked ? This sure does n't happen to my employer -LRB- I 've checked -RRB- . Spend your money elsewhere . 7/18/07After 10 years of using Polycom `` star '' conference phones at the office with success , I purchased this model for my home office . I 've had nothing but problems . The first one stopped working for no apparent reason after 3 weeks of use . The first week it kept dropping calls . The manufacturer 's technical support staff suggested that I had a power surge and suggested plugging the unit into a surge protector . Had already done that , and same with phone cord . I am using a regular hardwired line , not VOIP or such . And no problems with my other equipment including office laptop and personal desktop and printer . I had to talk to the `` second level '' of customer support , as I was told that I could only receive a `` reconditioned model . '' Unacceptable customer service , as I 'd originally bought what I expected to be a brand new , unused model , and had used for less than 3 weeks . `` But it sort of did work some of the time ... '' said the technician . No dice here . I was put on with the next level of tech support and assured that I would receive a `` new '' unopened , unused model . The second replacement unit stopped working and all lights on the phone were lit one morning and no dial tone or electrical power to the unit , less than a few days after I had received it . Was told again that I would be receiving `` new , in box '' model . The third replacement -LRB- and the last that I will accept -RRB- just quit working this morning -LRB- holds a dial tone for 5 seconds , then dies , same problem as the first unit I 'd received -RRB- , and was in use for only 2 days for a total of two phone calls . -LRB- exceedingly embarrassing to call in to your boss ' boss ' staff meeting only to have the unit drop 5 times during the call -RRB- . I still have the second unit which has not yet been returned to the manufacturer , as it is to be returned within 5 business days . Just packed that one up yesterday . I will say that my colleagues thought that the phone sounded excellent , that the speakerphone was so good that they could n't tell I was on a speakerphone , but hey , if the unit craps out after a short term of use , none of that matters . I would assign zero stars if possible . Do n't waste your time or money on this model .
 The sound and ease of use is acceptable . The numbers on the keypads are unacceptably cheaply made it is now almost erased and not readable.After 1 year 2 months of daily use , the numbers are now almost erased . I wish that the quality of the number is high quality considering this is a commercial phone , i.e , not home phone use . It is geared for business heavy use and yet after a short while the numbers are hardly readable .
 I 've had this for a long time and callers always tell me that they can not hear me clearly on speakerphone . The company 's reputation for a good speakerphone was actually the only reason I bought this phone for my home office - it has failed miserably . I have had to use the headset for all calls . Sound quality was fair . I am going to replace it . It was a waste of money for me .
 When I bought this phone about two years ago I was excited , expecting for the price that it would be a great speakerphone and have other good features.All during my phone usage people I talk to through the speakerphone say it 's echo-ey . My my office may be a bad place for a speakerphone . Along with some other reviewers , I have found the volume too low.In the past year : The ringer on line one has stopped working , The hand set has stopped working , The headset has begun to squeak in a piecing tone.Overall , I 'm in the market for a new phone , and this one is not on my list ! Especially for the price -- no way .
 I bought this new from the Internet . It appears to be of solid construction , but has a poor sound amplifier . If you intend to use it in any kind of a moderate ambient noise environment , it 's a bad buy .
 As an engineering contractor I travel to many client offices during the day and use many types of office phones . I purchased this phone for one of the desks in my small engineering office back in 2006 . When this phone works it is the best office phone available at any price . Since the phone was purchased , it has been replaced 3 times during the waranty period due to severe failures . Polycom has told me these failures are due to its connection to a `` digital '' phone line , but my phone service provider insists that my phone lines are both analog -LRB- Qwest says that they have no digital phone lines in my area -RRB- . Anyway , I am searching the web now looking for a different phone to purchase . I am also about to call Polycom to report anothher failure with this phone and have it replaced yet again under warranty.I have just read through the reviews again for this product to see if other people have had similar experiences . I find that many people have experience the same problems that I have . Interestingly , some people report that their phones are working fine . My Polycom SE-225 also works great for about 2 to 3 months before it experiences a failure . By the way , I purchased a commercial quality uninteruptible power supply after the first failure , but the next two phones also failed even with the phone power cord and phone line protected from line surges .
 Purchased this upscale phone for Home Office use . After a few months noticed calls would randomly drop and phone goes dead in the middle of a call . Also , and most annoying , is after 6 months of home office normal use -LRB- avg 5-8 calls a day -RRB- , the numbers on the keypad wear off . So now I am looking at 12 -LRB- correction 11 , the * key is still legible -RRB- all black buttons which makes dialing correctly a challenge . Hard to believe a phone this expensive would have cheap decals for numbers and no remedy . Called Polycom and they had no answer other than buy a new phone . NOT !!!!
 I assumed I was buying the Cadillac of desktop phones . I 've gotten scolded by co-workers when daring to use the speaker phone function because I apparently sound like I 'm under water . The headset , on the other hand , is so sensitive people can hear me breathing on conference calls . My Jabra Pro wireless headset buzzes with some kind of electronic feedback . And there is nothing in the documentation to address these issues .
 I bought this based on Polycom 's stellar reputation and my experience with their conference phones in the corporate world . It was a dog from the word go . Massive static on the handset which numerous calls to tech support and replaced cords could n't rectify . All of this would be OK except that in the end they did n't step up and admit I had a lemon so now I 'm stuck with an expensive phone that I do n't use because it 's very unreliable . Mostly I 'm disappointed in Polycom , I expected more from them .
 I read all the reviews about this phone not working and did n't believe it . Polycom speaker phones work great in businesses I 've been to ! Never tried a consumer one though and now after having it for 1 day am ready to return it . Got all the symptoms described in other posts ... 1 - Phone gets warm 2 - Makes buzzing sound 3 - Stops working completely . All buttons stop functioning until I unplug it and plug it back in again.Unfortunately the negative posts look like they are reality ! I 'm returning this piece of junk .
 I have had this phone for over a year , and am regretting every day that I did not return it . The speaker quality is great , but the microphone is completely unreliable . You have to be right in front of the phone , preferably slightly above the receiver to be heard.Also I do a lot of conference calls during which I sometimes remain silent for several minutes . It seems like this completely messes up with the signal processing algorithm of the phone , which tries to sort out voice from noise . The end result is that when it is my turn to speak in a call there is a good 30 seconds during which I people on the other end of the line can barely hear me . I usually end up picking up the receiver , which defies the purpose of this $ 250 phone ...
 Having been a long time user of Polycom 's higher-end conference room phones , I purchased this lower-end office phone with confidence . Unfortunately , this product has n't lived up to my expectations of quality.Specific complaints
 I 've had this phone for a couple of years now . I bought it for a home office hoping to get a two-line properly duplexing speaker phone that would n't have my coworkers and customers complaining about the sound quality I was getting with the Unicom that it replaced . It has met this requirement - most of the time . But there are times that it really misses the mark and you ca n't carry on a conversation with the speaker on.The microphone has good pickup of my voice but is terrible at masking out background noise . The caller on the other end will hear everything in the room like they are sitting at your lap . There is insufficient gain control to even mute the sound of cars driving down the street with the window down.The speaker sound quality is great but way too loud . Even on the lowest volume setting , it 's much louder than my speaking voice . I usually end up putting something over the speaker to mute it to a tolerable level.Using it with the handset is not good . The cord is too short and stiff . Sitting a reasonable distance from the phone pulls the base off the desk . I know you can purchase a longer , more resilient cord but at this price point you have the right to complain about the cheap , barely adequate one Polycom ships with the unit.Like other reviewers here , I 've found the LCD display to be at the wrong angle and it 's not adjustable . You have to stand up and look down at it to read the display . The menu for reviewing Caller ID information is terrible . I 'd like to know if the call came into my home line or business line but it 's impossible . The phone directory for storing frequently called numbers is too hard to use.I 've all but given up using the speaker phone feature and bought a Plantronics wireless headset to use with it . The headset is fantastic . But with the phone cradle design on the Polycom Pro it 's impossible to get a good fit for the handset lifter . It works , but you 'll find yourself having to manually hang up the phone about 20 % of the time.My real problem with this phone is that the labels on every button I use have worn completely off . And I do n't do a lot of calling with it as most calls are received . The paint is very cheap and started coming off in the first couple of months . All but a few seldom used buttons are all anonymously black now.This phone is way over priced for the quality Polycom put into it .
 Phone worked great for 18 months . Great conference -LRB- full duplex -RRB- . Nice sound quality.However , the LCD screen went out after 18 months for no reason . Just blank . Phone still works , but cant see who 's calling or any info . Now I 'm out of luck and searching for a replacement .
 Do not buy this product . It will disappoint you . I bought the product 1.5 years ago and it is already not working . There are 2 phone lines on the product . When trying to use the first line it shorts out the phone line . My $ 35 phone works fine on the line and my Polycom can not get a dial tone . After a while the line just says `` Please hang up and try your call again ... '' . Even when this phone was new the speaker phone part was good , but others can not hear you . When I tried using the handset everyone would complain that they can not hear me on that either . Technical support at Polycom is terrible . They charge $ 35 just to talk to you after the first year . I wasted the $ 175 and am down to one line.I have had the phone for over 4 years now and the second line just stopped working . It is going to the garbage pile now .
 This is one of the UGLIEST looking phones I have ever seen . Not only is it aesthetically unappealing , it is functional non-ergonomic . The display is not angled toward the user -- the display is hard to see if the phone is at arms reach away.Poor design -- for a phone that costs this much .
 I can not recommend this phone to anyone planning to use the speaker phone . This phone replaced an old 2 line Panasonic phone that died after 6 years . I work from my home office and bought this phone because of the success I had in a corporate environment with PolyCom products . This phone is a major disappointment . When using a headset , there is no headset sound for my voice . The speaker continually pops and hisses , often noticed by the person or group in the conversation . The speaker also `` clips '' my voice , again , often noticed by participants in the conversation . You must be directly over the microphone for your voice to be transmitted . When speaking from a short distance away from the phone , I 've had participants ask if I was still there . I do not recommend this phone for home office use .
 I had two samples of this telephone then gave up on it in disgust . Both samples behaved the same way . Obvious faults : - Sometimes people on the other end could not hear me at all when I picked up a call using the speakerphone . I had people hang up because they thought the line was dead . - I could hear my own voice loudly -LRB- louder than the person on the other end -RRB- in the earpiece when using a headset -LRB- so loud it even got feedback and squealed once -RRB- . - The volume seemed to vary substantially from one call to the next . I never notice such variations on calls from the same people on our other phones . - The angle of the -LRB- rather small -RRB- display is such that you ca n't read it unless you lean over the top of the phone . - Ugliest handest ever . : - -RRB- This could be a really nice unit - it has some great features I have n't seen in other phones , but it seems like Polycom have n't quite gotten the design right , which is inexcusable for the price . We have Nortel phones at work ; those seem to work far better , but I have n't found a domestic version .
 This phone simply stinks . I have had nothing but problems with it . Although the sound quality is fairly good -LRB- not great -RRB- , I frequently encounter lock-ups , in which case I have to unplug the phone and reset it . Also , something has happended to the phone so that it now constnatly displays both phone lines as being in use , regardless of whether any line is acutally being used . I replaced it with a GE phone with better displays and which cost about $ 75.00 less . Avoid at all costs .
 Be wary of this phone . It 's -LSB- pricey -RSB- and I have not been pleased with the audio quality of the speaker , mic , or the handset . It is an atractive phone , but in my opinion is does not represent the audio quality of other soundpoint products .
 I bought this expecting it to be a great addition to my office . Six months later I have to dispose of it . It needs to be rebooted now almost every day for the speakerphone to work . It 's a piece of crap . Sorry , there just is n't a better way to describe it . do not buy this phone !
 I bought this model of phone many years ago and was impressed enough to buy second one after the first one got old . I had problems with the second one pretty much from day one . Unfortunately , I blamed these multiple intermittent problems -LRB- poor sound quality , echoing , feedback , lights going on and off , etc -RRB- on our phone system . By the time I was able to determine the phone was the problem , the warranty had expired . Now I own a $ 300 paperweight.Like many premium brands , I suspect Polycom started to cut corners on quality control . Maybe I just bought a lemon , but the experience has moved me back to more affordable devices . My $ 80 RCA phone works 100 % better .
 I bought this phone a couple of years ago . The phone kept getting very hot so I returned it and the new one did the same thing . I also noticed that the sound quality was not as good as my old AT&T or Panasonic land line phones . After about a year of using it , I started hearing a lot of static on the line . Of course , it was out of warranty and they would not help me . I could have gotten it fixed but it was cheaper to buy a new phone . I noticed that the price has really gone down for this phone . . I wonder why ? Hmmmm could it be a quality problem ? Not worth the money .
 I purchased this phone for my new home office . The first phone would not recognize both phone lines when plugged in at the same time . I returned it and received another . The phone lines both work but the speaker developed a `` crackle '' when certain frequencies come across . I contacted Polycom since the unit was under warrantee . After wading through their on-line ticket system , I finally spoke with a representative that told me they would send a replacement unit along with an RMA to return the defective one . After waiting two weeks for the replacement to show up , I called back . Now I am told that if I want the replacement first , I have to pay extra for that service.While I am generally pleased with the sound performance of the phone , I am extremely disappointed in the poor quality of the product and even more disgusted with the absolutely horrible customer service displayed by this global company . I am going to attempt to return this second phone and buy something from a competitor . I ca n't recommend Polycom products to anyone , although you may get lucky and get one that actually works for longer than 2 weeks .
 The speaker quality is not what one would expect on a $ 180 phone , there is always a bit of a buzz on the speaker . And the other reviewers are right the hand set is not comfortable and the ever present buzz when you use it gets really worse if your hand touches the Handset cord . I work from home and sound quality is key . I 've used the more expensive Polycom phones at the office and they work great . This one is not worth the money
 I bought this phone for a work-at-home situation . I then discovered that the maximum number of characters I could enter into a speed dial entry -LRB- the number itself , not the name -RRB- is 24 characters . A telephone calling card number is 25 characters long , 26 if you program a pause -LRB- a space , for this phone -RRB- between the phone number and the card id/pin . When I called Polycom about it , I was told that not everyone uses calling cards . Funny . I 've been issued a calling card at every company for which I 've worked -LRB- going back 25 years -RRB- . This is the only phone I 've ever owned -LRB- well , since the 80 's -RRB- into which I could not program my calling cards . Pretty basic stuff for product marketing and development people to miss.On top of that , when I try and enter the calling card number and card id by hand , it never `` takes '' on the first try
 Sound quality is awesome - that 's why I bought it -LRB- after trying out one that somebody else had -RRB- . But after a year it suddenly developed a loud hum that is always audible to both calling parties during calls - so now it is not useable . So what do I do ? Throw it away ? What a waste of resources . I wish manufacturers would make things that last at least a reasonable amount of time.Also , during it 's life , it had trouble disconnecting from calls and did not display caller ID after the calls -LRB- could n't go back to see he called previously , for example -RRB- .
 The phone itself is fine , but you get this for the speakerphone . However , when I got it , everyone says my voice is too faint -LRB- even though I am next to the mic -RRB- . So I ended up using a headset , which defeats the purpose of spending the money on this phone in the first place.This Polycom is not the same quality as those in corporate conference rooms -LRB- of course those units cost a LOT more -RRB- .
 I have found the speakerphone sound quality of this phone to be quite good , as you would expect from a Polycom product.The trouble with this phone is its stunningly poor user interface . Bringing up the call history list is an exercise complex menus and confusing button placement . The screen is not back lit , making the display hard to read at most angles and conditions.It 's a nice phone in some ways , but Polycom 's design makes it too frustrating to be worth it .
 Overall this phone looks nice and looks professional , but its performance could be matched by other consumer-level phones with similar if not more features.I hooked mine up immediately after receiving it -LRB- the day before the date of this review -RRB- and made my first call using a headset . As another reviewer experienced , I heard feedback of my own talking through the ear piece . This is something I never experienced with the same headset plugged into my 2.4 Ghz Uniden handheld phone.Polycom describes the speakerphone this way : `` SoundPoint ? Pro SE-220 seamlessly integrates handset and headset telephone functionality with crystal clear , hands-free voice conferencing in an elegant personal business phone . ... . Polycom?s Acoustic Clarity Technology enables callers to speak when they want without clipped sentences and one-way conversations that are common with ordinary business speakerphones . `` I did n't find this to be the case consistently . During the first moments of my first speakerphone call , there was clipping/reduced quality on both ends . However , this can be expected and the Troubleshooting section of the Soundpoint manual explains that the phone must adjust and to give it a few moments . In fact , I found this to be the case , on MY end . After several moments , the quality of sound/voice call through the speaker was very good.However , the sound quality on the receiver 's end stayed poor . I was told that I sounded muffled and that while longer sentences came across fine , any short sentences or one-word answers were clipped . There was also a huge difference to my call participant when I picked up the headphones or handset . This call was over 5 minutes and I would expect the `` adjustment '' time per the manual to be much less than this . Also , it did not matter whether I moved the phone closer or farther away , or talked more directly into the microphone . On the other hand , several calls since then were of much better quality and the people on the other end thought that it sounded better than a typical , cheaper -LRB- e.g. , non-Soundstation type -RRB- speakerphone . However , they could still typically tell that I was on speaker.I was initially very disappointed in this phone and even processed a return for it as `` defective . '' However , I may just keep it after all - it 's not a `` bad '' phone.Otherwise , if you 're willing to chance or accept the performance , the phone looks nice , the buttons are layed out nicely , and the features seem pretty easy to use.Just keep in mind that you should not expect , to any realistic degree , that this phone will provide the quality of a Soundstation , or perhaps not even of a Voicestation . My understanding is that one can pick up a new Uniden 2.4 Ghz phone from some places for about $ 100 , that comes with several handsets with speaker capability . That might not be a good solution for you , but I 'm just highlighting that this Soundpoint is certainly not the be-all and end-all of SOHO business speakerphones.You may be very happy with this one , but you should look at all options
 This speaker phone emits a constant white noise from the speaker all the time . Even when the speaker is not in use . I returned one unit to Polycom that has this problem and the replacement had the same problem . The noise gets increasingly louder with time . This must be a design flaw . The noise is very annoying if you work in a quiet environment .
 Overall , the sound quality of the Polycom Soundpoint Pro SE-220 I received is terrible . There are often buzzing sounds and the speaker phone breaks in and out with odd crackling sounds . This item was a Christmas present and was not even opened until after the 30 days Amazon allows for returns . I figured Amazon would make an exception to the 30 day policy since this item was a lemon right out of the box and it was not opened due to Christmas within the 30 day window , I was wrong . I have to assume that this problem is with my phone only based on other reviews of this phone , but if you are going to buy this phone do not buy it from Amazon .
 I hear hissing from the speaker ! It 's easy to notice the hissy speaker at night when it 's quiet . I thought it might be a defected phone because I like the quality of Ploycom phone -LRB- sound station -RRB- at work . Then , I went to exchange for another one which has same problem but the hissing volume was lower than the previous one . In addition , I can hear myself from the handset earpiece . I was totally disappointed and disatisfied .
 Ordered this phone because I work out of a home office and the GE 2 line phone I have is not a good speaker phone . The Polycom SE-220 worked fine for the first three days . On the forth day , I noticed that the phone would no longer place or receive calls , and an earlier time of 2:34 p.m. was on the display . This apparently was when the phone decided to die . No amount of disconnecting the power supply to attempt to re-set the phone worked.The phone is shipping back to Amazon today . I am disappointed in that I really need a good speakerphone , but this is not it .
 ... After making a few calls with this phone , I wish I had heeded the advice of the majority of reviewers and never unpacked the phone in the first place . While I was speaking , there was a `` whooshing '' static-y sound ... . Although the other person could not hear it , it was very distracting to me . It was like I could hear myself talk in static . Furthermore , there was some continuous `` overall '' static that prevented me from hearing the other party clearly . While it was not very loud static , it was also distracting . Even though I tried to get rid of this by switching channels several times , the problem was never corrected . I was also sitting right next to the base when this happened , so I should not have had any problems . ... I find it absolutely ridiculous that I had so many problems with this new AT&T ; phone.I am taking this phone back ... and will be doing A LOT of online research to find a good quality cordless phone with digital answering system.Do yourself a favor and stay away from this phone !
 This phone comes in several flavors , silver and gold -LRB- 1460 -RRB- trim.My experience is with the 1460 . I had all the same problems that were already mentioned . The phone comes with many nice features , but the basic operation is inferior . Range issues with going through just one wall at 10 feet , constant background static , and your own voice is played back too loud and with static , through the ear piece . A similar problem low cost Uniden 2.4 G experience . Note , this is not a true 2.4 Gig phone , only the base transmits at 2.4 GHz , the handset transmits at 900 MHz according to the owner 's manual . I returned it and got a Motorola 362 in the same price range . Fewer features , but works well and good sound quality .
 Got this as a gift and am unfortunately gon na have to return it . My 1st experience with 2.4 ghz and it 's way-worse than the GE and Panasonic 900 mhz ones I already have ! Ca n't get a clear line for anything - no matter where I am in house -LRB- even tried plugging base into an outlet by itself to keep interference out ... -RRB- and FORGET going outside ! I ca n't even step out the door whereas with my others I 've been able to wash my car in the front yard and talk , too ! So this phone ... - no question about it !
 A co-worker purchased the same phone and had the same problem . The display on the caller ID is very faint , difficult to read , and often parts of the letters and numbers are missing . The sound quality on the messages is kind of muffled , and when you turn up the volume , that only makes it worse . We 've seen these phones discounted down to $ $ , so you 'd be crazy to pay full-price for this .
 This telephone kept losing it 's security code many times on the first day . Converstation from the other party started off just fine but static and other noises increased so bad , we had to cut off conversation and hang up . We took this phone back on the second day after purchase .
 I thought this phone would be an ok phone because I 've had good AT&T phones in the past . I was wrong with this one . The biggest problem I have found is that no hands free headset works well with it . They are all too quiet for hearing and speaking . People on the other end can never hear you when you use one . I 've looked around and ca n't find one that works with the phone . I try the headset in a different phone i have and they work fine . Also this phone can get staticy . At random times , I will get a bunch of noise while talking . I would recommend something else .
 Very difficult to program ; range of reception short . Does allow for turning on and off remotely -- an important feature for those who forget .
 I am going to return this phone.Handset `` feels '' funny . It 's a difficult/awkward shape . It is also a pain to hang up , both the handset on the wall , & after speaking.The OFF button has to be hit , not the talk button.There is a very annoying wooshing sound when I am speaking to someone . They can not hear it , but I can . Makes it difficult to speak because at first I thought they could hear the noise as well . Previous Uniden 2.4 G did not make these noises . Can only assume it 's the equipment.Features that were simple & easy figure out on Uniden do n't seem to exist on this phone . They may be programmable , but have n't looked at manual.I would check the unit out in person before buying as I did . I made a mistake .
 If it has an AT & amp ; amp ; T logo on it , do n't get it . I have had this phone for about a year . I dealt with the static because this phone was n't my main one . The problem I have with this phone now ; the handset can not connect with the base unit . I put a new battery in it , and followed everything the manual and what I could find on the web said to do and still it ca n't connect . Totally useless . I would return it but unfortunately I did not buy it at Target . I got it at the now closed Service Merchandise . This phone now sits in a pile of my other AT&T & quot ; goods ? & quot ; . I do not recommend this phone .
 The sound quality is horrible . Nothing but echoes and static . The price was very attractive and I thought the name brand carried some credibilty . I was wrong . You get what you pay for . Cheap is cheap ! I 'm taking it back .
 I bought 4 phones for my small business . For the 1st 3 months , everything worked well except for the handset design . The handset easily slips off the cradle and if it not placed directly near your mouth when you are speaking , your voice is not heard by the customer . By about 3 months , one line of one phone stopped working . At this point , the hold buttons are intermittent . I would not buy this model again .
 I bought this phone because it offered great value and features , but things have n't worked out at all.Most important , one of my handsets stopped charging after eight months , so it had to be sent in for replacement . After nine months , the other handset would die after just minutes off the base . My experience with AT&T ; support was just a nightmare -- nothing but delay and contradictions . I expected much better.Even if the phone worked , it has a few quirks that drive me crazy . The outgoing message sounds too digital and is hard to understand . It is difficult to tell when you have old messages on the machine , so if my wife checks the machine first , then I do n't even know there is a message waiting -LRB- my old AT&T ; machine let you know how many old messages were waiting -RRB- . And the redial button must be pushed BEFORE you turn the phone on -- a method so backwards that AT&T ; had to include a special instruction sheet letting customers know since they must have received so many complaints . And finally , the shape of the phone is just not comfortable at all -- they sacraficed a sleek design for comfort.Unfortunately , this is my third bad quality experience with AT&T ; -- and my last . It 's a shame to see a great phone company go down the tubes .
 I was attracted by this multi-handset phone 's low price and many features , however my wife immediately noticed an echo when using the handsets . We could have lived with that , however we also noticed that reception was poor when using the handsets away from the base . I tried using the spare handset in my home office -LRB- less than 100 ft. from base -RRB- and everyone I spoke with said that my voice kept cutting out . Additionally , battery life is poor . I 'll be returning this unit and buying a Vtech or Siemens .
 We tried it for a month and it is now on its way back to Amazon . Calls were not clear even within 10 ' of the base unit . Tried to change settings on the base unit and they were not recognized . Definitely not worth the price .
 This is the worst phone I 've ever owned . The incomingmessages on the answering machine are barely intelligibleand both handsets constantly read out of service . Manyphone calls get missed trying to get one of these unitsto actually answer the call . This system was a hugedisappointment . I really expected better quality from AT&T. ; It will be the last AT&T ; phone I purchase .
 I was originally attracted to this phone for several reason - the main one being it is an AT&T phone and answering device . To my dissapointment , the phone had a perpetual echo . Whether it is was the main phone or the second handset , you would always here an echo . At times , I found the echo to be very harsh and I would hold the phone away from my ear . As far as the answering device , the out-going message was equally hard on the ear and sounded muffled . Unfortunately , I returned the phone .
 dont look at this phone . have had the phone for about a year . recently went out and bought new batteries , but still lowsy . come home from work , take the phone off the cradle and 3 hours later it starts beeping that it needs to charge . if you spend 15 minutes talking on the phone , it starts beeping in your ear . i bought this phone thinking it would be convenient having multiple handsets . all it has done is make life more difficult . having to RUN up the stairs to try to get to the other handset before the current one goes dead ... also , loses its connection to the base atleast once a week . which means disconnected unit from the wall and power , plug all back in and HOPE that that takes care of it . may have to do it several times .
 Decided to buy this unit over a Uniden one ... what a mistake ! I 'll simply list the problems/shortcomings we 've had/noticed in our 4 months of ownership :1 . Batteries die in 16 hours without any use ! 2 . Low Battery warning tone occurs 10 seconds before they die3 . Playback of digital recorder is poor4 . Reception/transmission is worse than our old Panasonic 900 Mhz5 . Buttons small and too close togetherI truly regret purchasing this item .
 When handset is lifted from the charger base , the caller ID display would disappear with no chance of getting it back . Also , I could not use a programmed in long distance card pin number in because memory could not be re-accessed after initial dialing . Also , answering function is not integrated with caller ID nor with handsets . I returned the unit after one day .
 I bought this set at target as a replacement for my panasonic that did not have caller id - well , long story short - it was a complete dissapointment . The sound quality is bad and the batteries lasted about 3 months .
 this phone has the WORST echo . it is very frustrating . i thought there was a problem with where i live until i read the other reviews on this website -- believe the reviews b/c the echoes are unbearable ! also , the handsets are cheaply made . the other features could have potential but since the phone is impossible to use because of the echoes its not worth the purchase . i hope the better business bureau gets hold of this awful product .
 Please do not buy this phone - it stopped working completely after only SIX MONTHS . Many problems after only 3 months.I 'd rate it MINUS 5 stars if I had the option ...
 The phones worked fine for about a year . Then the battery in one phone stopped holding a charge . No problem , $ 12.00 at the battery store . Fixed . Then 2 months later one of the phones stopped working all together . Tried 2 battery replacements . Now 4/2/04 the other phone is not working at all either and they are out of warranty . For $ 100 + a phone system should last longer than 2 years . We are switching back to the 1990 model we had before . It still works fine .
 Just a quick recommendation
 The dual phone set is nice , and caller ID appears on both handsets . I chose this phone mainly because I loved the color , and I wanted 2.4 ghz . The most disappointing is the annoying echo I hear when I 'm talking on it . Callers say I sound fine to them , but on my end I can hear the echo of my voice and I end up with a large headache after using it . Also , the numbers on the handset are small , hard plastic and hard to dial , especially if you actually have a fingernail . I am taking this phone back to the store tomorrow .
 You get what you pay for , and my advise to anyone thinking of buying this answering machine phone combo is to pass on this model and brand name -LRB- AT&T really does n't make this system , THEY JUST PUT THEIR LOGO ON IT -RRB- . Why pass on it ? 1 -RRB- Bad voice reception with the person you are talking to -LRB- i.e. yhey ca n't hear you very well -RRB- 2 -RRB- Bad reception .3 -RRB- After you call this machine for messages -LRB- when you 're at another phone or on vacation -RRB- you ca n't monitor the room in your home or apartment to hear if your dogs or whomever is okay , -LRB- but my old Panasonic answering machine enabled me to do thisMoral of story
 Purchased ... 2 months ago ; now there is a constant problem with using the headset . Static , no one can hear me , interrupts conversation so callers ca n't hear others on conference calls.I 'm very disappointed ; wish I 'd read the tips to save receipts and packing materials before I 'd purchased . Threw it all away , and this phone will follow soon !!!
 The sound is terrible , especially for the person you 're talking to . The audio could not be worse . This seemed like a great concept , but it just does n't work , at least with this phone .
 The battery life for this phone after one short year is abysmal . After charging it all night , it dies after a few hours of nonuse.The redial button simply has never worked.It is not user friendly at all although I could live with this if the two issues above were resolved.I contacted AT&T ; and requested that they send me a new model that works since this phone is obviously defective.If they refuse then I wo n't ever buy an AT&T ; product again and neither will anyone I come into contact with.It 's that simple.Update ... AT&T ; refused to do anything about the phone despite the obvious flaws , . As a result , I will never buy another AT&T ; product again.AT & T ; , you are exhibiting the traits of a company that will go out of business .
 I was very unhappy with the excessive noise heard on all calls . Loud buzzing . It was much worse than my 10-year old AT&T phone , with 20 channels . I could n't wait to return it .
 I researched online the various phones on the market and thought I had bought one of the better phones . Was I wrong ! I am taking it back after one week ! When talking on either handset - all I hear is my voice sounding like I am on a speakerphone . There is no way to change channels to correct this . The answering machine is difficult to program and sounds like the message was recorded on a boom box . Will not purchase an AT&T phone again !!!
 My husband and I were attracted to this phone because of the multiple handsets and low price . The AT&T name was also a factor . We are VERY disappointed ... . We have only had a short time and are preparing to throw it away and buy something else . The phone has an echo frequently when you are using it , and it seems to have poor reception in that it 's often difficult to hear the other person talking . Also , when the handset is picked up , the caller ID disappears from the displey . BUT the worst thing is that it periodically will emit a shrill tone -LRB- usually in the middle of the night -RRB- which continues until you press the talk button several times . I 'm not sure what is causing this but I 'm close to smashing the thing !!! PLEASE do NOT buy this phone if you value an undisturbed night of sleep !!!
 Trust me on this ! I ignored reviews because I liked the look of the phone , the price and the many features . What a huge mistake . This phone is awful . I can not say anything positive about it . There should be a selection for a `` 0 '' star rating . The second handset completely stopped working after three weeks . The sound quality is worse than terrible , the outgoing message is bairly discernible . A real lemon . Anything else is better than this piece of trash . I would donate it to the salvation army or a homeless shelter , but doubt that they would take it !
 DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!! I seem to be in the majority when I say this phone is worthless . I run a business from my home and the idea of a second handset was appealing . Unfortunately , the phone has a buzz in the earpiece that can be heard by both parties , the answering maching message sounds like a cheap children 's toy , the reception is awful and the handsets do not hold a charge.In an attempt to `` make this work '' I ended up going past the 14 day retrun policy and am now stuck with a $ 100 paperweight . I expected better from ATT , but will NEVER buy another ATT product . Less than a month and I am going to have to purchase another phone .
 This machine is not worth the money , no matter how cheap you find it at Sam 's Club . The phone echoes your voice back to you when you speak . Also , we were never able to use the answering machine function of it as the messages we received on it were totally unintelligable .
 I have to agree with many others about the poor quality of this phone . The battery life decreased rapidly and after several weeks I was forced to keeps both phones on their chargers . Instead of gambling on replacement cells I bought a Panasonic phone as suggested by other disappointed AT&T model 2255 buyers .
 We bought a set of these phones because they looked nice , and because AT&T is a reliable company . But these phones are the worst . After having them for about 3 weeks , we began having terrible results with the volume/speakers in the phones . I took them back , and got a new set . These lasted about twice as long , before the battery life just became worthless . We are unable to leave these phones off the hook now for any extended period of time - say , 1 hour . And you ca n't talk on the phone for more than 30 minutes or so before the battery dies out , and takes 6 hours or more to get back charged again . And yes , we followed all the directions for letting the batteries charge , and all that kind of stuff . Still ... I have never used a more frustrating phone , nor will I ever purchase an AT&T phone again . I bought a new phone today , and once fully charged , I will take these AT&T phones out back and smash them with a hammer .
 Bad reception , wo n't hold a charge for more than 15 minutes . Enough said .
 I purchased the 2255 phone as a christmas gift for my wife . First , the phone arrived after New Years Day . Then it did not work properly . I tried to contact AT&T and that was a joke . When I finally did reach a person , after about 40 minutes , I was switched to several people , who evidently have never had any training in `` customer service '' . I was finally told to contact the supplier of the phones . It started all over again . After many problems , time , and inconsiderations , I was supplied a label to return the phone for service , which I did . Now I have contacted the supplies again , and they know nothing about the phone . My advice is to stay away from this perticular phone , AT&T , and their supplier . Was an AT&T fan , but I have since cancelled all of my services with AT&T . I am also out of a phone and the $ 150.00 I paid to AT&T
 I run a business out of my home . The idea of an extra phone appealed to me , but that 's about it . The battery life is abysmal and I always keep the phone on the charger when I 'm not using it . You 'll be lucky to get 20-30 minutes before the battery runs out of power . Worst of all , there is no warning , it just drops your call . Not very professional ! . I finally gave up and put this phone in my vacation home to discourage long phone calls -LRB- it works great for that -RRB- . Bought a Panasonic and am very pleased with it . Stay away from AT&T !
 Purchased 2255 phone and had one handset that did not work . Tried all of the suggestions provided and still no luck . Absolutely no response from ATT on this . They do not have a `` Customer Service '' Dept. but they let you play phone tag with a computer . The equipment does not work and apparently ATT does not care .
 On the very first call I made with this phone I noticed an annoying echo . The echo did n't happen on all calls , but on enough of them for it to be distracting . Then after using the phone for only four days , the base unit stopped recognizing the phone line . I never did get the base unit to see the phone line . I returned it for a refund .
 I 'm getting `` buyer 's assurance '' credit from Visa on this phone because it stopped working after little more than a year . It beeps constantly , going out of service randomly . Batteries have been replaced a number of times so that is n't the problem . Do n't waste your time .
 Purchased this AT&T ; product in Dec. 2001Of course just as everyone else , I have always thought that AT&T ; would indeed have the best quality line of phones.Side Note
 My husband and I were attracted to this phone because of the multiple handsets and low price . The AT&T name was also a factor . We are VERY disappointed ... . We have only had a short time and are preparing to throw it away and buy something else . The phone has an echo frequently when you are using it , and it seems to have poor reception in that it 's often difficult to hear the other person talking . BUT the worst thing is that it periodically will emit a shrill tone -LRB- usually in the middle of the night -RRB- which continues until you press the talk button several times . I 'm not sure what is causing this but I 'm close to smashing the thing !!! PLEASE do NOT buy this phone if you value an undisturbed night of sleep !!!
 I pride myself on making wise choices with electronics , but I totally failed when I bought this AT&T phone . There are two major problems
 Fortunately , this phone comes with two handsets -- you 'll need them since the battery dies so quick you constantly have to swap phones.What 's worse , my first unit completely died on me . I saved the receipt -LRB- make sure you do -RRB- so AT&T would honor the warranty , but let 's just say AT&T does n't make it easy . They clearly gave me the wrong instructions for returning the phone , so I had to send the phone back TWICE ! They are n't very nice either.Now my replacement phone has the worst battery life . I 'm lucky if it lasts fifteen minutes , so I might have to try to return it AGAIN.When the phone is working , it does have pretty good features for the price . My only big complaint is with the answering machine . First , callers have to dial * 1 , * 2 or * 3 to get each mailbox . Having to press the extra '' * '' seems to confuse too many callers , making the multiple mailboxes pretty useless . Why ca n't they just hit a number?Also , when you listen to new messages , the message indicator goes to zero even if you save the message . So when my partner comes home , there is no way for him to know there is a message waiting for him . My old AT&T machine would keep the number of messages until deleted -- that system worked much better.Given all of this , I would never buy this phone .
 I bought the AT&T 2230 2.4 GHz Dual-Handset Cordless Phone set last summer for my small one bedroom apartment . It seemed like the perfect phone and it was for a while . I had absolutely no problems with it for the first 6 months . It had all the features I wanted plus a few more I did not use . The range was fine , I could take it all the way down to the laundry room and it still worked perfectly . I never had a problem with battery life , signal , or clarity . I thought I had purchased the last phone I would need for a very long time.When it came to move into my house I bought a second set , the AT&T 2255 2.4 GHz Dual Handset Cordless Phone with Answering System , thinking the convenience of all four phones being the same and being able to stick each handset in any charger was worth it . The pager system between handsets also sounded handy for getting a hold of someone say in the garage and whatnot . About two months after settling into my new home the phones started acting up . First the signal strength would go in and out . Calls would get disconnected and the battery life stinks . Then the phones just stopped working . When I get a call now the base unit rings but when I go to grab a receiver it shows `` OUT OF SERVICE '' on the display and will not work . I end up running around the house looking for one that will respond . I tend to miss most of my calls now because of this . The receivers go in and out , sometimes working , sometimes not . Less then a year after purchasing them I am already shopping for a new phone . In the beginning I figured I would spend a little extra and get a phone that would last , but it did not end that way.I would highly advise at looking elsewhere towards a different brand . Unless you like the idea of having to replace your phone every six months , this phone set is not for you .
 My husband and I purchased this phone in Nov. '02 thinking it was great . It had the dual handsets , digital answering machine and multiple message boxes . And at first , it worked great . But a few months after we bought it , it started getting a little screwy . The first thing we noticed was that the display would sometimes read `` No Line '' or `` Extension in Use '' and there was no obvious reason why . After messing around with the buttons or replacing it on the charger , it would go away . It charges terribly . If I had it off the charger for even ONE night , it would go dead the next day . This last summer -LRB- after only 8 months -RRB- the battery died in our main handset . I was sure it SHOULD have lasted longer . We could n't find a replacement battery -LRB- and still ca n't -RRB- so it 's just been laying around , useless , and we 've been using the secondary set . Well , today that one died completely . It 's only been 11 months and we 're shopping for a new phone . After shelling out a substantial amount of money for this one . My advice ? Stay away from this particular phone . I 've heard of some people having good luck with other AT&T models , but I doubt this is one of them .
 This is the worst phone I 've ever bought . Every time I talk to someone they say `` Is there something wrong with the line ? I can barely hear you over the buzzing '' . It 's less than a year old and we 've tried on new batteries , charging for longer periods , etc. . Both handsets buzz and as a home-based professional it 's embarrasing ! I 'm shopping for a new phone right now !
 AT FIRST I WAS EXCITED ABOUT HAVING TWO HANDSETS TO CHOSE FROM BUT AFTER ONLY 1 MONTH , BOTH OF THE BATTERIES ARE DIEING . NO MATTER HOW LONG YOU CHARGE THEM THEY DIE JUST AFTER 5 MINUTES OF TALKING , VERY FRUSTRATING !!! $ 90 FLUSHED DOWN THE DRAIN !!! THE WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER BOUGHT !! SAVE YOURSELF THE FRUSTRATION AND MONEY !!!
 This is the worst phone I have ever owned . Neither handset holds a charge for more than 5 minutes . We have missed critical phone calls due to the phone being on the charger and STILL not ringing . Target refuses to refund our money saying they do not sell this phone but today it is on the HOT list online . Go figure-I guess I should take back the thousands of dollars I have spent at Target and take my money somewhere else .
 What a hunk of junk ! I had to take it back to the store . Why would I keep this when you can hear hissing in the background , people on the other end tell you to speak up and ask what that noise is , and even when you turn the ringer off , it still buzzes like it has a vibrate mode . Take your money elsewhere !
 Am on my way to store to return it . Agree with other reviewer
 I found this phone for half off at Sam 's Club in their returns area . All it was missing was one battery and the main unit AC adaptor , but a trip to Radio Shack solved both of those problems . We bought the multi-handset phone because we live in an old home that does n't have phone jacks where we want them and this phone was supposed to take care of that . However , this particular phone is not nearly as good as another AT&T phone I own . First off , most times I pick up the phone to make a call the line has a lot of static . With a cordless phone you would normally change channels when that happens , but this phone does n't have a channel button . The problem is sometimes solved by putting the handset in the base for a few seconds and taking it back out . It works well then . Also , the battery seems to run out very easily when the phone is not in use . I can talk on it for a long time , but it will drain within 3 days of being off the charger , not in use . This is with a new battery . And again , my old AT&T cordless phone which cost only $ 20 did n't have this problem .
 This is the perfect phone except for THREE PROBLEMS ... FIRST ... the ECHO during a phone conversation is UNBEARABLE . I called the HELP line ... to no avail . THE ECHO IS MISERABLE.SECOND ... the BLACK ON BLACK keys on the handsets are difficult to quickly find.THIRD ... the LCD background is so LIGHT it is difficult to read.Otherwise , the phone is great ! LOL Laugh is on me , I purchased two of them last week , one for me and one for a friend , , , lost the receipt and ca n't return them ... SHAME ON AT&T .
 I ignored the negative reviews . I liked the looks and price . The phones audio is worse than I could imagine a phone could be . It sounded like I was talking in a can and it echoed ! Others have posted this problem , but I did not listen . It also looks really cheap once you get it home . As I went to return it , customer service said that I was the second person to return the same phone that morning!I instead bought the V tech ansering machine in pewter and lavender and love it . -LRB- caution the V tech that just says message in the corner is not the answering machine V tech.You will need to spend more . -RRB- The V tech features are so numerous , user freindly and it does not look cheap , it looks sharp . The only thing I miss is hearing my voice , as in cell phone , when I speak . But the little phone is worth it . The V tech lights up , has a ring and vibrate option I love , various volume options you can control while speaking , it 's handset even has a speaker phone I find coming in handy more than I thot . Please spare yourself the time of setting up a new phone and do n't buy the ATT . I disliked it so much , I can no longer stand to see even cars in champagne , all champagne tin just yells cheap to me know . This is my 4th attempt to fail posting a review . Sheesh
 The clarity of both the handsets and the answering machine is awful . After putting up with this system for nearly a year , the only positive comment I can offer is that it promotes family time as we all gather around , straining to decipher the recorded messages .
 I bought this phone after returning a Panasonic with the same features and an extra handset also . I returned the panasonic because it had an echo , and i couldnt cradle it between my ear and shoulder without pressing any buttons with my face . I bought this at & t phone because It seemed to cradle between my ear and shoulder fine and has all the features i want , but it also has an echo that is unacceptable . I am not sure if it is the 2.4 models or maybe has to do with the extra hand set . ANNOYING
 If you 're looking for a clear phone , this is it . Unfortunately , the phone is very hard to use . The memory is not very efficient , the callback feature is terrible and the redial does n't work at all . The scrolling button for the memory is backwards -LRB- left is up , right is down -RRB- , plus when you enter a received number into memory , the ' 1 ' is not there . Since the received calls show up on the screen without the ' 1 ' in front of them you have to re-enter the phone number . Also , the redial does not work . When I push redial , I get a # . Maybe they worked so hard on the clarity , they did n't have enough time to make it easy to use .
 This phone looks great - on paper that is . It really is too bad that a phone as packed with features like this would be so poor in sound quality that it is nearly unusable . I have people on the other end of the line asking me `` what is wrong with your phone '' all the time , and then when I switch to a regular phone , I get the `` that 's much better '' and the horrible hum , buzz , and distant voice all go away . The answering machine must use the lowest quality digital chip available , since messages people leave are very muddy and hard to understand . Also , trying to record your outgoing message is nearly impossible and usually ends up sounding like a robot or badly distorted . I know that it is not just my phone since I know someone else with the same model , and she has all of these same problems.Other issues with this model
 The features are all that most people need . Convenience factor is excellent . Sadly , the sound quality on the phone is poor , very noisy , and this a constant irritation . I moved finally to a much quieter Panasonic model . I find it strange that such a good design in terms of features would have a fatal flaw in its operation . My advice
 I loved the phone at first ... the features are great . Then I got my 1st call and was disappointed . The buzz was annoying . I tried moving the phone line and then the base to no avail . I experienced the echo `` feature '' on the 3rd call which freaked me out . The phone is going back tomorrow .
 I just bought this for my parents and now I have to stand in a long line tomorrow to return it . There is an extremely obvious echo that is very distracting and even at the highest volume it is hard to hear through the buzzing . I can not believe AT&T let these phones leave the lines .
 I too , bought this because of the AT&T name . The buzz on the other end was really annoying . Also , if you want a wall-mount phone , do n't get this one . It mounts perpendicular to the wall so it sticks out like a little shelf . Plus , the phone jack on our wall is a little high , so shorter people ca n't even read the buttons without standing on their tip toes .
 This phone is one of the worse phones that I have ever used . We purchased this phone because other phones that we had in the house had started to fail.We purchased one of these phones , one of the things tht we did like was that it came with two phones so that we could use it in differenet rooms . Well it only was useful for about 2 months . Well that was all we got out of it , after that one phone would hold a charge for about an hr or so . The other one would not even let you finish a short conversation . The unit would go dead . Now the unit that is the extra one will not even charge the unit.Now I called ATT about the phones , all they had to tell me was that I could get a new set of batteries for it . Or if I wanted it replaced I could send it in , and be without a phone for 14 business days . I have had other ATT phones that have been wonderful . I have a 9955 on my desk and it is great , it has not missed a beat.STAY FAR away from this phone . Get something that works . Or have a good backup when you need to send this one in , you can still have a phone in the house .
 This phone is nice but extremely annoying . They worked well for a month or two but now they dont even work . It will look fine but as soon as you take it off the charger then it dies on you even if it is charged . These phones have been beeping also and I ca n't stand it . Or it will just not work and say out of service . I would recommend this as a last resort .
 Please read all the reviews . You will find numerous people telling you it has an echo . It sounds like you are talking in a can . My old less than 900ghz 's was 100 % better . When I went to return the phone , customer service said I was the second person to return the same phone that day !! Just want to spare you the trouble , I and many others have gone through buying this phone for appearances and cost . etc. .
 Looks mean alot to me ... But wow . As I was returning the clerk said
 My experiences with this phone have been unpleasant , at best , for the following reasons :1 . The mute button causes a perpetual beep , beep in your ear . So , being on mute is a painful experience .2 . The message you record is tinny and sounds awful to those who call in . It is very loud as well .3 . Programming the phone -LRB- after every power blip -RRB- takes 5-10 minutes .4 . The battery life is horrid . I 've replaced the battery and still no improvement .5 . There is no handset locator on the remote base .
 Like the others , I bought this phone for the convenience , features & brand . I can tell you that after 8 months , the base handset has virutally died , the `` DIGITAL '' answering machine garbles messages , and the range is minimal . Sound quality is deplorable !! I have to admit that I am looking for a new phone and you can bet that it wo n't be an AT&T. ; Save your money and buy some other brand .
 I bought this phone hoping that if I spent the extra money on a more `` expensive '' system , that it would work for years . Luckily it was obvious right away that the phone was n't good quality , and I was able to return it within the allowable time period . This phone is not at all durable , and the sound quality left something to be desired . Everybody I talked to would say , `` Is that your phone making all that noise ? `` I would not recommend this phone system .
 This phone met all my requirements ... It was 2.4 GHz , had caller id ... message indicator light ... headset jack ... and the price was great ... so what was the catch?You ca n't use this phone unless you are in the cone of silence with absolutely no background noise . This phone picks up every bit of background noise on your end and amplifies it through the earpeace . My friends now think my favorite word is `` huh '' , because I have to ask them to repeat themselves every two seconds.SAVE YOUR MONEY ... stay away until the old AT&T -LRB- circa 1980 -RRB- manufactures this phone correctly .
 Very poor sound quality and reception is poor . STAY AWAY from this phone !
 I would have to agree with the other reviews which I have read . The sound quality is poor on this phone . There is also some feedback noice on the phone which is very annoying .
 I have owned 6 cordless telephones , 3 with 2.4 Ghz , and this is by far the worst for sound quality . It sounds like a kid 's toy , really tinny and echo-y . The noise level changes significantly as we walk around the house but is never very good . Save your money .
 My wife bought this phone for us two days ago . While this phone -LRB- the 9371 -RRB- has all the bells and whistles on it , the sound quality is not there at all . There is a slight fuzzy sound surrounding both party 's talking . Also , the handset to me , was not comfortable at all . I reboxed it this morning . This one 's going back to the store today .
 All the features in the world do not overcome failure in the most basic item desired on a telephone - decent sound quality . I really liked the features of this phone , nice build quality - but talking on this phone was like talking , and hearing , through a sock !! This was not a distance problem - I could be right next to the base unit and still have horrible sound quality . I also noticed the clicking and pops reported by others , but this was very infrequent.I just returned this phone for a Panasonic - what a huge difference ! For anyone considering this phone , do n't be tempted -LRB- like me -RRB- by the `` AT&T '' brand . There are many other similarly priced cordless phones out there , with similar features , and much better sound quality .
 The sound quality is extremely poor . While speaking on the phone to another caller , the quality is worse than that of a cell phone . The answer machine sound is poor too .
 Very poor sound quality . Pick another phone .
 I 've been on a search for a decent speakerphone , answering combo , with CID for a few weeks now and this unit was the 2nd stop on my search . Everything looked great on paper , even though I have no use for 3 mailboxes , I thought I 'd give it a try and the price was quite attractive.The first thing I noticed was that the CID display was hard to read because it is n't backlit , nor does it have any option to change the contrast . Sound quality on the handset was ok , although some people commented that I sounded muffled to them . The next thing I disliked was having to set the time on both the phone and the answerer , other phones allow you to only set it once , and even then it is updated automatically by the CID service . I then recorded my outgoing message and when playing it back I could barely hear it and it was badly garbled . I also found that recorded messages were badly garbled during playback as well . I 've had a digital answering machine before this and never had a problem with garbled messages before . When I tried to retrieve my messages remotely , I was unable to get the machine to recognize my code no matter how many times I tried . Because of this , I ended up returning the unit the next day.I 'm now trying out a Panasonic 2.4 GHZ combo unit - praying that I do n't experience the battery problems that many others have posted about . For the money , the Panasonic has everything I need and more , and so far so good , but since I 've only had it for a few days it 's hard to tell if it 's a keeper or not .
 I bought this phone to replace my six year old Panasonic digital machine/phone combo that had begun to act flaky . I hoped that I would also get better sound quality with messages since computer memory and processing power have gotten much cheaper since 1998 . Unfortunately the messages on this machine are worse than my old Panasonic , which were n't great to begin with . I also was annoyed by the feature that plays back the date , time , number of messages , etc. before it will play your messages
 This phone looked like a good alternative for people with wireless networks who want to avoid 2.4 GHz interference but do n't want to pay the inflated prices for 5.8 GHz phones . It has useful features like answering machine and speakerphone . But the sound quality is very poor , even distorted . Callers sound like they are at the bottom of a deep well . You can hear an echo of your own voice in the handset along with a constant buzzing . As 900MHz phones get phased out , it looks like there will be no good alternative to 5.8 GHz .
 It sounded garbled and staticky when using the speakerphone and the caller id lcd screen broke . It is unreadable as well . Did n't last long .
 I bought this phone after reading some reviews that made it sound like a wonderful buy for the cost . But once again , you get what you paid for and this phone was a waste of money and time . The sound comes in and out , the range is horrible and it is n't a very comfortable phone for long conversations .
 this thing probably is n't worth it , even for this small price . sound quality is middlish , the caller ID screen went out within a year , it 's IMPOSSIBLE to figure out what all the buttons do -- I mean AT&T , c'mon , put a little effort in DESIGN ! really , simple things like setting the time and changing your outgoing message are really hard . luckily amazon has a link to the product manual , or I would have thrown it away a long time ago .
 I realize that all companies have defective products , and do notintend for this review to be a personal slam against AT&T , but this machine proved an awful experience for me . I decided to take the jump into the digital answering machine world and I 've yet to experience it ! Upon setting the machine up , I found that the outgoing message did not work , playing static with no recognizable words . I called the AT&T help line and it was determined after 15 minutes or so that I had a malfunctioning unit . What a bunk machine ! So that has been my experience with this machine and I hesitate to purchase this model again .
 This machine does not have a battery back up so if you have frequent power interuptions , do not buy it . You will lose your outgoing message and your time/date stamp every time . You can play back messages , but you have to hit repeat and play several times in an unknown sequence ... I 've just lucked out to get it to replay . It does n't work the way the manual claims in this respect . And , my outgoing message does n't sound like me according to callers and the incoming messages are so garbled we can hardly understand the message -LRB- which requires us to replay which is really frustrating -- see above -RRB- . This is a terrible answering machine . Do not waste your money on it .
 This is the WORST answering machine I have ever owned since I first started using them over twenty years ago . It fails to record messages on a regular basis , it is very difficult to set the time and date , and worst of all , it does not allow the listener to re-play a message . If you do not obtain all of the information in the first go-around , you are S.O.L. . This is really and truly a piece ... !
 This is the worst machine I 've ever purchased . It wo n't replay messages so if you do n't get it all the first time you 're SOL . The memory fills up quickly with messages you ca n't listen to . Turning the machine off is the only way to dump the memory . It does n't give you a date stamp , month day and year , it will only state the day of the week and time of the day which is not at all helpful . I never would have bought this piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- if I 'd known it is an utterly unreliable useless machine .
 Beware if you are thinking of buying this phone
 1 . This machine had the worst manual I 've ever seen . Even setting the clock required digging in the back of the book somewhere instead of being in the setup section . Did not explain functions clearly or completely .2 . A battery backup would probably be more worthwhile than than the handset spare battery charger feature . Every time the power glitches here -LRB- frequently -RRB- it loses its settings . Have n't had it working long enough to tell whether it loses its messages when this happens , but I suppose it does . The manual does n't say one way or the other .3 . Mine -LRB- 1 wk old -RRB- has started talking Mickey Mouse and I ca n't understand what it 's saying when selecting functions any more.Overall I am totally disillusioned this AT&T product and I certainly would NOT recommend it to anyone .
 This phone started out great . Then within 1 year the answering machine started cutting off incoming messages or not recording them at all . Also , the phone no longer connects correctly with the base so it is difficult to get it to charge . Not a happy customer .
 I had it for about six months and was never impressed . The sound was consistently poor and the battery had a short life before needing recharge . After six months it stopped working altogether . It 's the last AT&T product I buy for a long time .
 I loved my old Southwestern Bell 25 MHz phone -LRB- trimline shape and size , but cordless -RRB- , but after quite a few years , the buttons were wearing out . I bought this phone after carefully reviewing the reviews , the product description , etc. . On paper , this phone looked good , but actually , it was pretty bad . All reception sounded fuzzy , even after two phone calls to AT&T for customer support . All AT&T could offer was to suggest I move closer to the base -LRB- I was standing right next to it -RRB- , unplug my modem -LRB- I did and that did n't help -RRB- , confirm that I was n't next to a TV tower -LRB- I 'm at least three miles away from the closest tower -RRB- , and come up with any other they could think of to prove the problem was me and not the phone . Ultimately , I was told by customer support that something was indeed wrong withthe phone , but this is a discontinued model , they do n't repair it and I should return it to the vender from whom I purchase it . So , bottom line , I 've returned it and am , once again , looking for a new phone .
 I have owned the phone for one year . The part you speak into went dead . I can not locate customer service anywhere on internet or at mall . ATT Automatic answering machine hung up on me twice after waiting 2 hours . Not worth the investment . Buy a better phone from another company that has people answering the phone .
 This is the worst phone I have ever purchased ! The one you are talking to can hear you and there is no static - BUT - even turning the volume up all the way - it 's extremely hard to hear them > I will never buy an AT&T phone again ! I am now buying another Sony - I should have done this from the beginning .
 I ca n't seem to check my messages reliably from a cell phone . It cuts off midway through . Even a land line has been a problem . A cheap machine , invest in something better .
 this seller does not follow through on amazons cancellation policy . the policy states that if the buyer cancels the order prior to shipment , then that cancellation will be honored ... NOT BY THIS SELLER IT WAS N'T ! i contacted amazon and the seller . amazon checked that the order had not been shipped and assured me that the cancellation would be honored . unfortunately , although i immediately emailed the seller , the following is taken directly from her email response . `` Because , I did not update my list of Sold items until last night as I had gone to the PO before they closed , then had to go into town to do some shopping.After I came home , put all of the groceries & what-not away , then fed my critters , I went online & updated my Sold items list , then saw your email.I do n't know what to do about this at the moment since it is already in the process of coming to you.Dee * '' Sold by
 This machine allows you to set the day of the week and the year , but not the month or the day . This makes no sense . I have one of these ; I hate it .
 Everyone who has written in is correct . This is not a good machine . The first one I got did not work , so I figured it was a lemon . I exchanged it . The second one worked for a month or so and then lost its ability to play back complete messages remotely . It just cut out part way thru message , but message -LRB- s -RRB- was/were there when I got home . ATT has now sent me a third machine and it is set up . Figure I have a month to decide what to purchase next . I too would score it a `` zero '' if only I could .
 Have had it for 4 months ; finally gave up and got rid of it . Very , very poor sound quality ... difficult to understand messages left . Also no battery backup .
 This answering machine is no fun . While most answering machines have two phone jacks in them , this machine only has one . The cord to connect the answering machine to the wall is integral to the unit . So if you want to put the unit more than six feet away from the wall , you 'll have to buy a coupler to hook it up to the long phone cord you already have.Also , there is no way to determine whether there are any stored messages on the machine without touching it . This is inconvenient . Instead of buying this product , see if you can still find an AT&T 1717 on the market . I do n't know why AT&T discontinued it . It was a lot better than this model .
 The sound is horrible . Messages are saved when someone calls , but they ca n't be retrieved . Remote anwering codes quit working . A piece of junk .
 What the other folks have said so far is correct ! However , here 's some new downfalls of this machine nobody has seemed to mention yet : `` REPEAT '' does n't mean `` Repeat '' . It means `` GO TO PREVIOUS MESSAGE '' . ie . If you 're listening to a message and someone is giving you their phone number and you missed a digit , you should be able to hit repeat and listen to the message again . NOPE ! Instead it takes you back to the PREVIOUS Message that you do n't need to hear again . In the manual , it says this will only happen if the message is giving the time/day stamp part of the message , but this is incorrect . IT HAPPENS ALWAYS ! I called AT&T ; Customer Service on this issue and they could care less . `` TIME/DAY STAMP ''
 Poor voice quality . You have to go more expensive for good digital voice quality . The 1717 model was better . If you want a good digital inexpensive one , find the 1717 model .
 This is the worst machine I have ever owned , would have given it a `` 0 '' rating but the rating scale wo n't let a person rate the low . It worked fine for the first month , but into the second month after that the messages became garbled and and progressively worse intill you could not understand the messages at all , it seemed like the more messages I recieved the worse it became . I deleted the messages to make sure that the machines mailbox was n't just too full , but that was to no avail . This was in a three month time period . I do n't know how well the remote feature worked for I never needed to use it . I would save the money and buy a different brand , unless you love the sound of people under water . . hehe .
 Record an announcement , but do n't expect it to play clearly . Breaks , static , you name it . All the other reviews are correct.A better product , and one that actually works , is the Panasonic KX-TM100B -LSB- ASIN
 This machine is fine unless you depend on remote calling to check your messages . The first few times everything performed properly but suddenly , it began to play the messages and then just cut off . The messages are still there , once you get home and actually hit the play button , but you can not retrieve them from other locations . You also have to stand directly over the machine when recording your outgoing message or you will sound like you are in a box . Even , then , the sound quality is nothing to write home about .
 I find this machine to be usable when I 'm home ; but when I access it remotely with my cell phone , the voice quality issue is REAL TOUGH ! Need to find a ` hearable ' answering machine somewhere -- the old tape units were n't great , but were definitely better than this !!
 This is my 5th attempt to fail at getting my negative review posted ! I wanted to stay away from the silver phones and liked the price so purchased this phone . So sorry I did.The sound is terrible . It sounded like I was talking in a can , and as others have said it has an irritating echo . It was not comfortable to hold in my hand . I could not find one redeeming quality about this phone except it 's price . It looked very cheap to me once I got it home.As I went to return the phone , the customer service rep said I was the second person that morning to return the same phone ! I was not suprised.Instead I bought the chrome and lavender V tech and I really really love that perfect more expensive phone .
 This is possibly the worst phone I have ever owned . I have returned it once and it worked for a few months , just long enough for the warranty to run out . I am still having the same initial problems . One handset always claims to be `` out of service '' and the other set is almost always dead . I never have a phone when I need one . It is also very fuzzy and difficult to use . Do n't waste your money !
 The phone works fine , except that the LCD panel for the Caller ID is no longer readable after 1 year . AT&T says to just buy a new phone , which is a shame because the rest of the phone works fine .
 At first it worked fine , although battery life was low . When the original Nicads gave out I bought NMIH batteries . Note
 I bought this product so that I could have a phone in my Florida room and in my sun room . The battery has no lasting power at all and after 4 months they would not function at all .
 Thinking the AT&T company name was reliable , and liking the price for a dual handset model , I bought this set . I put one handset in my home office , and the other downstairs in the family recroom . Initially things seemed to work well , although the sound volume was a bit low even at the highest setting . As the months passed , reception got worse , and there were strange beeps in the background at times -LRB- almost as though a fax machine was on the line , although there was no fax activity -RRB- . After about 8 months they started going out intermittently , and the range droppped terribly . I also own a Panasonic cordless phone , which has been in my kitchen for several years , and which has worked flawlessly for all this time . I 'm replacing these AT&T phones with another Panasonic .
 batteries do not hold a charge after 3 months of use.Purchased new factory batteries and they did the same.reception is good , but the features are hard to use . I would not buy this phone again .
 This phone was great when it worked , but a year later one handset stopped working -- the display said PHONE NOT REGISTERED , PLACE IN BASE . I had no idea what that meant and when I called AT & T , they gave me one thing to try , it did n't work and they said the phone was no good and basically I was out of luck . So , I can still use one handset , but what a ripoff ... they did n't seem concerned in the least ... it will be my last purchase from AT & T.
 I 've had the phone about a month and a half now - worked great the first few weeks . Now the handsets go dead after talking for about 20 minutes - been on the charger all night to boot . This morning went to answer the phone and it was dead ! Nothing in the display at all ! I 've had AT&T send me new batteries and that got me a few more weeks , but all in all , they 're just plain JUNK !!!
 pros :2 headsetscall swapping btwn headset workscons : * keys are not backlit so dialing in low light is very difficult * caller id often does not show who is calling -LRB- even after 2 rings -RRB- * there is a humming noise on the phone * there is sometimes an echo on the phone * redial does not work well * dialing then pressing the phone button will not work sometimes * sometimes ca n't walk out the front door w/o dropping the call -LRB- ~ 500 ft from base -RRB- * can not easily navigate menus * does not show call info for numbers stored in phone book * for no reason it will make a loud piercing noise and you have to unplug it from the power supply to make it stop ... i could go on . i do not recommend this phone . the best thing about it are the two handsets for two rooms .
 I bought the AT&T ; 2230 2.4 GHz Dual-Handset Cordless Phone set last summer for my small one bedroom apartment . It seemed like the perfect phone and it was for a while . I had absolutely no problems with it for the first 6 months . It had all the features I wanted plus a few more I did not use . The range was fine , I could take it all the way down to the laundry room and it still worked perfectly . I never had a problem with battery life , signal , or clarity . I thought I had purchased the last phone I would need for a very long time.When it came to move into my house I bought a second set with the answering machine thinking the convenience of all four phones being the same and being able to stick each handset in any charger was worth it . The pager system between handsets also sounded handy for getting a hold of someone say in the garage and whatnot . About two months after settling into my new home the phones started acting up . First the signal strength would go in and out . Calls would get disconnected and the battery life stinks . Then the phones just stopped working . When I get a call now the base unit rings but when I go to grab a receiver it shows `` OUT OF SERVICE '' on the display and will not work . I end up running around the house looking for one that will respond . I tend to miss most of my calls now because of this . The receivers go in and out , sometimes working , sometimes not . Less then a year after purchasing them I am already shopping for a new phone . In the beginning I figured I would spend a little extra and get a phone that would last , but it did not end that way.I would highly advise at looking elsewhere towards a different brand . Unless you like the idea of having to replace your phone every six months , this phone set is not for you .
 This is , unequivocally , the worst phone system I 've ever used . As several of the other reviewers have noted , the phones do n't hold their charge for more than the blink of an eye . Far more aggravating to me , however , is the quality of the reception . Since I started using these phones , everyone I speak to on the phone complains that they ca n't hear me any more when I do so much as tilt my head to the side . I use cordless phones so that I can be mobile and continue to get things accomplished around my house . If I wanted to be tethered to a single location while using these phones , I would have been better off purchasing an old-fashioned corded wall phone ! Another problem is that sometimes , even though I 've set the phone in its charger OVERNIGHT , the phone has accepted no charge . Why this happens , I have no earthly idea . What I do know is that these phones are getting the old heave-ho in favor of something else . If you buy this phone system , the only thing you will gain is an increased vocabulary of curses , maledictions , imprecations and vociferous enathemas ! Save yourself a WORLD of frustration and get a different phone !!
 When we were looking for a new phone and saw this duo at the store we thought we 'd found the perfect phone for us . Finally we could have a phone in the bedroom without the phone jack - and with caller id on each unit to boot!Unfortunately , no matter how much we liked the idea , the phone was unusable . No matter where we were in the house or how close we were to the base the reception was horrible to point of being unable to understand the person on the phone.I 'm not sure what the problem was , and the manual had no suggestions other than ` move the base ' or ` move closer to the base ' . We tried both with no effect , the sound was fuzzy and distored and you could hear an ` echo ' of your own voice as you talked . Worse than a bad cordless phone!With our old Panasonic 900mz cordless the sound was clear as a bell , so we were a bit baffled how a phone with a greater frequency would have such horrendous reception.The other thing that bugged me is the phone manufacturer 's push towards making phones look like cellular phones . It 's not comfortable , and you ca n't lean the phone on your shoulder while you do something else . Other than fashion , this is a very uncomfortable , non-functional trend!We stuck it out for two weeks , and somedays the distortion was better than others , but my father could barely hear us and we 'd go back and forth saying , `` What did you say ? '' and `` Huh ? '' and `` Speak up ! '' . I started to dread using the phone , so we brought them back .
 I compared the 2230 with the Uniden TRU346 and bought the AT&T because it had a mute button and fit better to my ear . Unfortunately , as did another reviewer , I note a bad buzz when connected to another caller . The person I was calling remarked about the buzz also.I like the feature set , but I ca n't keep a phone that sounds worse than the 900MHz phone it is replacing .
 The AT&T 2230 appears to be a good deal if you have one phone jack but need multiple extensions , and the phones feel good in your hand and look pretty cool.Noise is a subjective thing , and it 's clear a few folks below are satisfied with the sound quality . However , when I charged these phones up , I noticed an immediate increase in background buzz over my 10-year old Sony cordless , which was indistinguishable from a corded phone when you were within 50 feet of the base . I tried following a previous reviewer 's advice to just kick up the volume -LRB- the buzz does n't get any louder -RRB- but at that level I was holding the phone 3 inches from my ear . I called my wife at work and she noticed the buzz too . And I had made sure I was observing all the standard warnings about proximity to other devices , etc. I ended up returning the AT&T and spending more money for the Sony Quadrastation . Still some hiss relative to my old phone , but quiet enough relative to the AT&T that I 'll keep it .
 You may be tempted to read some of the positive reviews and give this phone the benefit of the doubt , but please do n't do that to yourself.The battery in this phone is the type that requires the phone to be dead before you charge the handset . This means that you can not place the handset into the charger until the battery is dead . Heaven forbid you forget because you will eventually kill the battery . You can use the 2nd handset for your calls . However , if the 2nd one dies , you are out of luck . If you take it out of the charger before it is fully charged , the battery has a memory and you will never get a full charge again , only the amount you partially charged it . Multiply this several times and you eventually have to buy a new battery and repeat the cycle over again.One of the selling points for us on this phone was the ability to tell if you have a voice mail -LRB- we use the phone compnay voice mail -RRB- . I think it showed an indicator once in the year we have owned the phone but never again.On the positive side , the reception is very clear and no noise whatsoever and caller ID works fine . The positives just do not out weigh the totally negative features . Do yourself a favor and DO NOT but this phone !
 I just returned this phone to where I bought it . I replaced it once , assuming it was a bad batch but the second exhibited the same problems as the 1st : There is a definate medium/high pitch ` buzzing ' sound in the handset - clearly hearable in the background . The volume of the buzz does not change when changing the volume of the handset but it is annoying.Interestingly when using a headset the buzz is not their . Sounds to me that the transmitter is leaking signal into the speaker -LRB- maybe badly designed speaker wire path etc. . . -RRB- . I replaced this phone with a Olympia OL 2400 -LRB- must be the same logic chip - menus are 90 % identical - buttons - while located in different places are 100 % identical -RRB- . The Olympia is smaller , has a louder ring and does have a much much less noticable ` buzz ' .
 I bought this system thinking it would be a great convenince . However , although one phone worked beautifully -LRB- even if sometimes caller ID was slow - sometimes now showing up at all -RRB- and did not give me any problems ; the other one had sporadic sound . I would be in the middle of conversation when all of the sudden I could not hear anything . Whomever I was speaking with could hear me clearly . I tried getting this fixed with the manufacturer , but basically got the runaround - `` Do n't return this item , please call this number , '' then stay on hold for 30 minutes , get disconnected , call back , repeat until so frustrated you want to throw the phone - which probably would have fixed the broken one . Exchanged it for a second phone system at the local Target only to have the SAME problem -LRB- this time with both phones -RRB- . Finally gave up and returned it !
 I bought this set plus a base with answering machine . What a waste !!! I have returned it . Normally I use it only 15 feet from the base but would loose reception . Lots of noises and my voice sounded hollow . Like I was in a cave . People were constantly complaining about the phone when I was using it . Finally I packed it up and sent it back . I 've gone back to my old Panasonic . My father bought the same phone and also returned his for the same reasons . A total waste of money . Buy something else .
 We bought this phone , charged it for a full day and picked up the receiver to hear nothing but static ! It has * HORRIBLE * clarity . I could barely even hear the dial tone over the static . We returned it and bought the Uniden cordless with dual handsets for the same price . We had originally purchased the phone based on AT&T having a good reputation as well as the great value -LRB- dual handsets for $ ... -RRB- but it turned out to be a bust !
 I bought this phone and it has been the worst cordlessphone I 've ever owned . The battery life is patheticallyshort . They recommend charging it in the baseever night . Even doing this it still -LRB- does not last long -RRB- after making a few phone calls . Also it seemsto get confused sometimes and squeals loudly . I thinkit ca n't communicate with the base , but the manualsays nothing about this.Don ' t buy this phone ! Try Panasonic instead , I ` vehad better luck with them .
 This is an awful phone . In addition to its strange design , it 's very hard and confusing to use , and its range is practically nonexistent . The phone cuts out very close to the base . Do not buy this phone .
 These are the worst phones we have ever owned . Before the first one completely stopped working , it would cut off after two minutes of use , even on a fully charged battery . The second one has about a 6 minute life left to it . The phones have no reception outside of the house . Do not buy !!!
 If you enjoy flushing your hard earned money down the toilet , this is the phone for you . Even if the price was $ 1 it would still be too expensive . Here are the problems : Sound is TERRIBLE . Not just bad , but absolutely TERRIBLE.Redial does not work.Occasionally , the person on the other end can not hear you.After about a month , the battery will only last about 7 minutes.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!!!!
 These phones are a pile of junk . My wife and I thought they were good at first but soon learned better . The main problem is that no one can hear you at the other end of the conversation . Our cheap five dollar phone sounded much better than these two when I tested it out with family members . Avoid these phones at all cost !!
 I found this phone easy to use , with good sound quality . The display is easy to read , the range is good , and it looks and feels of high quality.So why only 2 stars ? The charger in one of the base units -LRB- the one connected to the phone line -RRB- overcharged the rechargeable battery in the handset . The resulting heat damaged the circuit board inside the handset and it stopped working . Now my dual handset phone is a single handset phone unless I buy another one . Of course , I realized all of this just after the one year warranty was up .
 If I could give this phone no stars I would have . It is the worst phone I ever bought . There is always an echo on the line when you are on it and the sound quality is terrible . If you read the reviews for this phone you will see that the good ones are in a very small minority . Listen to us
 This phone worked great for about four months . After four months , one phone began displaying the message & quot ; Out of Order . & quot ; After that message appeared , the phone never worked again - despite changing it 's battery . The second phone lasted about two additional months before it began displaying the same & quot ; Out of Order & quot ; message . Someone should have indicated on the box that it was really a disposable phone !
 My husband and I received this set of phones as a Christmas gift in 2003 . We were very excited at first , but have come to find that the batteries have a very short life span , and they are not very durable . We are down to only one of the handsets as the other one was dropped by our 2-year-old and wo n't work . The working handset has to be charged daily , even if not used much . We are now looking for a new set of phones .
 You think after having 2 other AT&T phones that ended up being junk I would have learned . I definitely will not buy another AT&T product again after this.My wife and I purchased this phone set about a year ago and have been very disappointed with them . There are two big problems with these phones
 I love AT&T phones ... . but this one is horrible ! ... Not user friendly , does n't hold a charge long , hard to store and correct numbers , I can go on and on but , here 's the best . After having it for 3 months it totally died and and they want -LSB- $ $ -RSB- -LRB- after haggaling from -LSB- $ $ -RSB- -RRB- to replace it . The worst phone and waste of money ! Do n't say I did n't warn you !
 This is horrible , does n't hold charge , takes at least 8 hrs to charge . Liked the feature of not needing a second phone line for second phone to work but hate the fact that you can only leave it out for about 3 hrs .
 This phone was great for a few weeks then it fizzles . The batteries do n't stay charged . . waste of money for us .
 On one phone I can talk for an hour and a half and the other for an hour before it goes dead . I MUST place it back on the charger after every use or I will not have a phone . DO NOT BUY I have only had mine for about 2 months and I have to agree with other people that this phone is too hard to operate . It is not practical .
 I really overpaid for these lousy phones . There 's static when you 're listening and when you speak , there 's an echo . It was really annoying for me and the person I was tlaking to . GO WITH 900 MHZ !!!
 This is the worst phone we have ever purchased.After having it exactly 97 days one handset froze up and will not work at all.I took it back to Target-with the receipt , the box , and all the packaging-yet they refused to return it because I missed the 90 day deadline by SEVEN days.They would not even exchange it for the SAME phone.After calling the AT&T number given to me at Target-I was informed that this phone is made by American Standard-NOT AT&T , they make it in a foreign country and slap the AT&T logo on it.We still have not resolved this.Don ' t waste your money on this phone .
 Worst phone ever
 Found handsets constantly needing to be recharged . Could not leave handset off base at all . Phones always died in middle of conversations
 I have had this phone for two months and have experienced too problems with it.It does not hold a charge.I get the `` OUT OF SERVICE '' message too often.Horrible echoStatic noiseRedial only holds one numberI will seriously advice anyone to reconsider this purchase .
 My husband bought this phone shortly before we were married and never had any trouble with it , than shortly after we were married it started acting up sometimes not even letting us answer it . The caller ID is totally unreliable and is iffy at times . &#60; br / &#62; The reseption on it is mute at times . I have answered the phone before to find that it hung up on me all on its own . I tell my husband that it is the demon phone . We tried to replace it but had just as much trouble from that one . All in all im still on the hunt for the perfect phone . One thats not possesed .
 After about seven month of use , the phone must constantly remain in the charger . There is also a slight buzzing sound when on the phone . Look at a different phone .
 No redeeming qualities - a total waste of money . I will never buy another AT&T ; product.Battery only lasts a few hourssound quality is terrible - noisy with a constant echounreliableetc.etc.Stay far far away from this product !!!!!
 We have had 2 sets of these phones , one version with the answering machine . They both worked horribly . After about 2 months use , they do n't hold a charge . Eventually , they became useless , not charging at all . We replacd them and he new ones did the exact same thing . The version we had with the answering machine would record an outgoing message that could barely be understood . We erased our personal message and left the default message on because at least it was understandable albiet distorted . DO NOT BUY THESE PHONES ! You will regret it as we do .
 I hate , Hate , HATE this phone ! I can only talk for 15 minutes before the battery goes dead . It goes dead off the charger after only 1 hour . I 've already replaced the batteries once , but it still does n't work . In addition , there is no volume control for the handsets and the volume is very low . I stopped using one of the headsets because of the battery and volume issues . The second one did n't seem to have these problems for about 4 days . Now it has all the same issues . In addition , that annoyingly loud beeping that goes off about once a week -LRB- the other day it woke my sick baby up at 4:30 AM -RRB- . Even bad phones would call this a bad phone . I 've only had this phone set for about 3 months . Run from this phone now . AT&T surely has gone downhill recently . It 's so disappointing .
 A few other reviewers have mentioned the `` echo '' when talking on these phones , and I completely agree . There was a very loud and noticable echo of your own voice when speaking . After only one day of talking on these phones , I could n't stand it anymore , so I returned them . Do n't waste your time with these .
 This is the first at & t phone I had problems with . Problems with the phone included giving out a long tone when not in use . Also had problems where I could n't be heard at all and no the mute button was n't pressed by mistake . When not in use , the battery charge when left off the charger was no longer than 8 hours.While the shape was great to hold , if you have to rest the phone between your ear and shoulder -LRB- as in taking notes -RRB- , the phone would very easily slide off onto the floor . Of course , this could be solved by using a headset , if you have one.Granted , I could of ended up with a lemon , but these are the problems I encounted with this phone .
 I do n't know what the problem is with this phone , but 30 days after I purchased it from Best Buy -LRB- ironically , they only give you a 30 day guarantee -RRB- the phone would not hold a charge . I called AT&T customer service , and basically had to -LSB- pester -RSB- them to get them to send me replacement batteries for my practically brand new phone . I replaced the batteries , and within two weeks , the batteries would no longer hold a charge . I 've had many cordless phones in the past , and have never had this experience with batteries not holding a charge . I have again tried different batteries , and the phone is just junk ! I wish I could get my money back , but AT&T wants to keep sending me new batteries instead . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this phone .
 I initially liked the features of this product and the price was reasonable . It was a particularly convenient way to have a cordless available in a location where I did not have a phone jack . It worked fine for about 9 months but then one of the handsets began to malfunction . It just displays a message stating that it is Out of Service . No amount of plugging and unplugging or setting and resetting the handset will correct the problem.Based on my experience I would recommend spending your money on another product . There are certainly other choices in much the same price range that would likely offer better long term value .
 This phone performed well for about the first 4 months . Then I started getting a lot of noise in the remote handset . I have tried turning off all my appliances and computer , and ca n't make the noise go away . It is somewhat intermittent , however . Maybe a neighbor has another 2.4 GHz device that is causing interference ?
 This phone is the worst I ever had no screen on one hand set the other the battery failed and now the neither of the handset will sync to the base wish I could give a 0 shame on ATT for putting their name on this P.O.S.
 Purchased this phone about 6 months ago and it already is not working . Contacted AT&T about returning for repair or replacement and my dilemna is that I do not have the receipt since I mailed it to them for a rebate offer . So I e-mailed AT&T and explained that I do not have receipt and how should I go about getting the phone fixed and they responded by telling me to and said to forward the phone along with the Receipt . So obviously they did n't read my letter . Just fed up with a sorry phone and an uncooperative company to give me reliable advice .
 I bought this phone about a year and a half ago and have had nothing but trouble . The batteries have a very short life and the phones themselves are bad - they fade in and out and have a distinct echo when in use . Constant frustration !
 We bougth these a year ago and were satisfied for a short time . After about a couple of months , the phones started & quot ; acting up & quot ; - would not allow you to pick up a call or turn phone on if the other phone was too close to it , would make an error noise for no apparent reason , would turn off in the middle of a call for no reason & would make a buzing noise that would wake us up in the middle of the night -LRB- strange -RRB- . My parents bought these phones as well -LRB- they were on sale at Costco -RRB- and returned them soon after their purchase .
 We bought this phone because we lived in older home and the only phone jack was in the kitchen . The extra handset and charger allowed us to put the phone in either the office or the bedroom without worring about the phone jack . However we quickly found the phone to have a very short battery life . We have delt with it for 2 years as we had spent a lot of money on it at the time -LRB- this sort of phone was new to the market -RRB- and the battery seems to be getting worse and worse . We are now looking at buying a new phone . But as we are now in a new apartment we at least have more phone jacks .
 We were thrilled to buy this phone , thinking it would be a wonderful thing , but no matter WHERE in the house we plug the base in , we get a low buzzing on the phone - VERY ANNOYING . The manual and support line folks can recommend nothing but moving it to areas `` away from appliances '' , etc , but we 've tried that - to the farthest corners of our house where it 's the only thing in the room - but to no avail . I would not recommend this phone .
 This is a terrible phone . Every time I use it , people on the other end of the conversation tell me they can barely hear me . The batteries last maybe two days at the most . This is a terrible phone .
 The first 1818 I brought home seemed to `` miss '' messages when I tested it myself . Because I liked the audible number announce if you have caller ID -LRB- a feature not mentioned in the product info -RRB- I returned # 1 and purchased # 2 . It seemed not to miss messages -LRB- who really knows ? -RRB- , but when I finally got around to recording my own OGM , it was scratchy , muffled and of low quality . In addition , the design of the receiver is such that it is sometimes tricky to hang up , which is very annoying . As I was perusing Amazon 's selection of just answering machines , under reviews of AT&T ; answering machines , it was interesting to see the problem with the missed messages mentioned as well as the problem with the low quality outgoing message that I encountered.So , I 'm still in search of a corded telephone and answering machine w/caller ID . The only reason I would recommend this phone is the audible number announce , a great feature for someone who is sight impaired . It will also announce the number as it goes through the messages , another feature that might be appreciated by someone with vision problems . I believe that some of the AT&T ; answering machines also have that feature.If you do decide to give this machine a try , KEEP YOUR RECEIPT !
 Just adding my voice to the others here . I 've had much the same problems : - As others have already noted , the sound quality of the recording is terrible . I often have to replay a message 4 or 5 times to understand it . - Just a few months after I bought it , when I picked up the receiver to answer a call , I sometimes had to jiggle the switch hook to get it to answer . Then it started cutting people off right in the middle of a conversation . Now it 's so bad that when you pick it up you can jiggle all you want and it does n't answer at all . I 've given up using this piece of junk as a phone - I just use it as an answering machine . - Now the last straw is that I ca n't retrieve my messages remotely . I dial my number , it answers on the 2nd ring like it 's supposed to , I key in my code , and it just sits there and does nothing , and then hangs up ! I 've gone through the setup several times , and I 'm sure it 's set up correctly . But I ca n't retrieve my messages!Don ' t waste your money on this piece of junk ! If anyone knows of a better machine ... please post it here .
 I bought this machine to replace my old cassette-based Panasonic that had finally died from incessant telemarketer calls.The AT&T 's set up was easy and all the features work , but the sound quality is unacceptably low . I hardly recognize my own voice on the recorded message , and callers sound as though they are speaking from under a blanket . Pity AT&T did n't consider improving the sound quality for a few dollars added to the price .
 Same problems that others have noted : The cord keeps coming out when you 're talking . The reason is that the cord release tab sticks out too far and is easily bumped . A solution is to cut the tab shorter , but you should n't have to do that.The voice quality on the answering machine is abysmal , both for the recorded message and the incoming calls . Often the message is unintelligible . I have two of these units and both are bad.I am tossing these machines and getting something better .
 I bought this b/c it was on sale at best buy for US$ thirty , And b/c i wanted 1 -RRB- corded phone for the times I want a secure line , and 2 -RRB- speaker phone for convenience when i get put on hold by customer service of -LSB- name of any company here -RSB- . I agree the answering machine sound could be better , but the worst part is that i ca n't turn down the volume of the tone sounds when i push the number keys . You can adjust the volume of the conversation , but not the beeps when you push the number pad . If i have the earpiece to my ear , the volume of the beeps is pain inducing . It sounds petty , but it is a real ergonomic flaw - almost a deal breaker for me . Also when going through your messages it is way too easy to delete the next message rather than the one you just listened to . For a desk speaker phone it should have a better place to label your speed dials ; the included sticker just plain does n't . Overall it is marginally serviceable phone but every use involves a little pain , and is in no way a pleasure to own . Unfortunately , i 've had none of the breakdowns others have reported , so i ca n't justify throwing the dang thing out and getting a better one . Sadly , i 've had it for about 2 years and it still seems to work fine .
 The phone is n't too bad except that we have to hold the cord or it falls out in midsentence . We 've tried different cords and we have the same problem . Plus even with the battery backup I have to reset the time and date a lot .
 I guess it 's a phone with a sense of humor -- or it 's very sensitive , one of the two . The features are nice , but something sticks when I lift the reciever , so it will keep ringing even though the reciever is up . In addition , I think something is wrong with the cord , because if you move slightly during conversations , it will cut out . Voice quality is kind of scratchy , too . Neat features , but if you want neat features to play with on your phone , get a cellphone and play with the endless pleathora of ring tones .
 When we purchased the phone in March , 2003 , we read a very positive review of it . It did not live up to the review , but others have expressed some problems quite clearly . Other problems with ours were : It lost the time and had to be reset regularly ; it lost the recorded voice message on the answering device , even with a battery back-up . The ring could be made shriekingly loud , but the caller 's volume increased very little.It also worked for only a year and a half .
 We 've had this phone for six months , it has acted strangely the whole time . Recently it started refusing to connect when the receiver is picked up , so you have to jiggle the button to get it to answer . I 'm looking for a new phone now ...
 The answering machine part of the phone stopped working after two days . The warranty repair service required me to try to fix the problem myself by resetting the internal software . I did this several times , and each time , the answering machine worked for two days . After repeatedly phoning AT&T ; , they agreed to send me a replacement which is warranted for 90 days , not one year as the original phone is warranted . I will never buy another AT&T ; branded product.Update
 All the features work great . It 's easy to use and easy to program . The only trouble is you ca n't understand the garbled messages .
 This is by far the worst phone I 've ever had . It worked for approximately one week and then just stopped completely , and even when it did work the quality was not great . I guess you get what you pay for . I 'm going back to Panasonic . I truly wish I could give Zero stars because that 's what it deserves .
 The design of the phone is sloppy.The handset seems to hang unstablely to the phone.Would not recommand this phone to anyone .
 Although it comes with a lot of features , this machine -LSB- stinks -RSB- !!! The sound quality is absolutely TERRIBLE - voices are distorted and sometimes get cut off . I have to listen to the messages at least twice to figure out who called . Even though I have the machine on the lowest volume , it plays back messages quite loudly . Setting up the machine is a chore , too . Save yourself the trouble - do n't buy it .
 I bought this phone assuming that I could not go wrong buying an AT&T phone . Alas ! Compared to other phone brands I used -LRB- Uniden and Vtech -RRB- , this phone has the worst handset sound quality . The handset sound becomes overmodulated that I could not understand the other party . My ears maybe sensitive . So far , I did n't have the same problem on the speakerphone . I returned this unit and changed it with a Uniden . Has more features -LRB- caller ID -RRB- than this phone and at the same price .
 As i move around my apartment the phone would buzz and hiss . About 9 months after I got it loud cracking static could be heard even when I am close to the base unit . The sound quality is very very poor .
 This was the only white , cordless , 2-line , wall-mountable phone I could find -LRB- and I think I searched everywhere -RRB- which is why I bought it . But the sound quality is so poor as to be almost unusable . Someone described it as overmodulated , and I think that 's accurate . There 's not a whole lot of static -LRB- although more than there should be -RRB- , but the voice sounds like it 's been run through a `` robot voice changer '' toy . Well not that bad but you get the idea . And people on the other end ask me to repeat myself often so it seems to be both ways.We have it in the kitchen and only use it to answer calls and then go to another phone to talk .
 This phone is fine for receiving phone calls . There is a reason it was only $ 40 for a 2 line cordless phone -- it is not a tone phone , but a pulse phone . If you call a business that has an extensive voice mail phone tree , you can not get the phone to recognize your entries , unless you remember to put in some code in the process of the phone call . So ... in short , if you need a 2 line phone for receiving phone calls only , think about this one . If you call businesses that instruct you to dial 2 for customer service , etc. , spend the extra money and buy another phone .
 Yes , this machine has a lot of bells and whistles but the sound quality is so poor that I can not understand a great many messages that are left . That 's why I 'm looking for a new answering machine . Stay away from it .
 THE ITEM PICTURED ON AMAZON IS A MEDIUM-SIZE BLUE AND GOLD PEN . THE ITEM I RECEIVED -LRB- TWO TIMES -RRB- IS A MEDIUM TO LARGE-SIZE STAINLESS STEEL AND VIOLET PEN . EITHER THE AMAZON PICTURE AND DESCRIPTION OR THE ACTUAL ITEM SHIPPED NEEDS TO CHANGE SO THAT BOTH THE DESCRIPTION AND THE ITEM SHIPPED MATCH .
 This pen is made in UK not France , and it sucks . It is easily fall apart if you not careful , the tip gold part is very lose so it is the middle part , it is just pushed together to hold . I am gon na throw this away .
 I received different color and I think different model.I am ordering this from overseas therefore returning is not straightforward . Luckily I wanted it for a gift and it still worked .
 This is very poor imitation of a Parker pen.The product described here is not even close to the one you will receive .
 This cost more than an Easton Press , with no copyright costs . The leather was much lighter in color than the photo suggested , and the ribbing looked silly . The paper was simply glued onto a backing and then the backing glued onto the leather . Nothing was sewn .
 Even in the picture advertising this unit -LRB- naJam 1010 SUPER -RRB- , there is a mistake ! Look : The German translation of the word `` efficient '' is shown as `` leistungsfahig '' , but it should be `` leistungsf&auml;hig '' . -LRB- see some on-line dictionary to verify this :-RRB- . What a bad decision by the designers and advertisers of this unit . I 'd chalk it up as a DO N'T BUY .
 I chose the Jewel tones Smead Folders , because I liked the colors that they were supposed to be ; as displayed on the amazon website . Unfortunately , the folders that arrived were not at all the same colors displayed on the internet . They are very different and not at all pleasing to look at . What a disappointment .
 I never buy anything unless there are at least a couple reviews of the product . This guestbook did n't have any customer reviews posted but for some reason I decided to take my chances . I really loved what I saw when I opened the box upon arrival . Very elegant , nice looking ivory wedding guestbook . I thought to myself . `` Fabulous , the right color , the right style '' . Well , that was until I opened the guestbook . It looked rather cheap on the inside , I hate to say . Unattractive pages and tacky plastic binding combs were hiding under a beautiful cover . It reminded me of a stunning girl with horrible personality or no brains ... I was disappointed but there was nothing I could do . I had to use it on the wedding day , because it arrived just a day before the Big Day.To be fair , I did place the order sort of last minute . However , all the items I bought on the same day from other sellers shipped and arrived right away . With these folks , for a very long time I would n't get a confirmation that the order finally shipped . When I placed the order with them , I was told that the delivery would be between August 3 & 6 -LRB- our wedding was on the 7th -RRB- . I placed it on the evening of July 24th , I believe it was Saturday . You 'd think they should receive the request by Monday 26th and would have plenty of time to ship it . I did n't get a confirmation that the package shipped until August 2nd ! And that was after I sent them a message asking to please get it out of the warehouse as soon as possible so that in case it 's not what I was looking for , I 'd have enough time to order something else instead . I guess I made a mistake by telling them it was a last minute need and they figured in case I 'm not satisfied I would n't be able to return it if I get it right before the wedding . From my work experience interacting with clients and buyers , I know it 's a rule of thumb , if not standard work ethic , to respond to customer emails or inquiries . It does n't seem like UnbeatableSale , Inc. shares this common standard , because I never heard back from them . The order arrived the day before our wedding , so we had no other choice but to use it.I 'm used to buying everything through Amazon directly and they are always extremely fast , even with their Free Shipping . Unfortunately , they did n't have what I was looking for this time and I had to order it through this seller . $ 53.69 paid for the item and shipping & handling that took forever was an absolute waste . You are supposed to love your wedding guestbook because it 's a memory of the wonderful day you and your other half shared , but we hate this guestbook . Luckily , the guestbook was the worst part of the wedding , because everything else was absolutely beautiful and fun . If I could return the book I would , but there 's already some writings in it . I wish there was a review posted when I was buying this guestbook , because then I would n't have bought it . To top it off , a seller who does n't care about responding to customers - big no-no in my book . I would not recommend the product or the seller to anyone .
 I am specifically looking for American made toys . Melissa & Doug toys are made in China . I have one of their toddler puzzles and printed right on the sticker it states made in china .
 These boxes with sliding backstop for card storage are very difficult to find . I ordered 6 of these and all were basically falling apart when received . I decided to put them back together and use them anyway as there does not seem to be other brands available . I would not recommend these for the poor quality -LRB- the sliding bar , backstop and rear bulkhead are marginal -RRB- but if you ca n't find an alternate these boxes will do a mediocre job of storing your cards anyway .
 I purchased this for over 300 $ . Translator broke 2 days later.When I tried to contact seller never got anyone to return my calls.DONT BUY FROM THEM . GO to direct website , they are offering good deals.thanks
 The item was received defective.The main tray has two tapped screws one at each side towards the back that enter through the top and the mouse tray has a rubber bumper that is supposed to hit those screws to prevent the mouse tray from falling out and onto the floor . The bumper on the one I received was not even close and the mouse tray would not stay in the keyboard part falling everytime it was opened.This bumper also looked to be poor quality and will likely break or move on anyone who buys this and does n't put a machine screw into it to hold it in place . Because the keyboard tray is a full box not just brackets the mouse tray sits on like other models I have used that machine screw would have to go into the bottom of the mouse tray where you will have to counter sink the head and use a tapered flush mount screw with maybe 1/4 '' of thread.There was no place to insert a screw to lock the mouse tray in an open position either if you did n't want it sliding in and out all day . The mouse tray sits on these strips of gel putty -LRB- reminded me of shoe insert gels -RRB- that is how it glides back and forth and I do n't know how well this would stand the test of time say over a ball bearing design . I do n't like products I have to remodel in order for them to work properly or that have clearly inferior parts that make up a single point of failure.To make matters worse the mouse tray has an up-turned lip that does n't clear my mouse pad so in the 5 min I was examining it , it sliced my wrist . The mouse pad tray also is only about 6 inches from front to back so it did n't have enough room for my Logitech Performance MX to move around to reach the edges of my Windows desktop.Poor design , defective , only for people with small hands and small mouses . Will try Ergotrons wall mount version next it has a larger mouse tray with no edges but price is 3x as muchIf I was guessing based off measuring my desk where I sat this to test it I would say the keyboard tray is 18 '' wide and 8 '' deep but extendable up to 10 inches and the mouse tray is 6 `` x16 '' but the bumper is midway so only half of it sticks out at any time makin the whole thin 26 '' when the mouse tray is out.Buyer beware
 The pen approximately the thickness of my index finger -LRB- I have large hands -RRB- , and the pen 's cap is huge . The pen is unwieldy , and is uncomfortable to hold -LRB- not just because of its size , but because it has no padding -RRB- . It is too awkward to put in a front pocket , and too large to put in a pant-pocket . The smoothness and consistency of the ink/pen tip are also poor . The cartridge that came with the pen did n't manage to write even a word before it failed , and the replacement cartridge that I ordered -LRB- from Lamy -RRB- was similarly terrible . When it does write , the ink bleeds , and it seems to be water-soluble . The much cheaper G2s have better smoothness , consistency and handle .
 This phone is horrible . I bought it for my son for x-mas and have been meaning to review it , to save someone else the disappointment . The animation itself is funny , but after the phone rings it gets stuck and you can hear the motor running . We had to physically tilt Homer 's head down each time to shut it off . The other complaint is that if my son picked up his phone and then I answered another one , when he hung up it made this horrible screeching noise . I ended up just unplugging it . I wish I would have kept the box and sent it back .
 Loved the way this phone looks , but three of the dial numbers do n't work and the ring arrived broken as well ! Disappointed , because I loved the idea of having a vintage-looking phone in the house .
 Very poor telephone . The microphone is too sensitive and not adjustable , which make everything way too loud . You have to hold the microphone at eye level to make the sound tolerable . I would return it but i did not save the box . Most phones costing half as much are better than this one .
 `` The item is not solid metal , it is plastic with chrome finishing . For it 's price I would expect a better quality item made in the USA and not in China . Ringer does n't sound as loud as a vintage phone would ring . Do n't buy it it is a waste of money . ''
 poor sound qualityno modular connection on hand setecho when you talkVERY poor ringer
 I bought this phone for my retro-basment . It worked about 6-9 months and then stopped . I replaced the cord with no avail . I paid $ 60 for it . It is a piece of junk ! However , it does look good .
 I bought the Crosley phone and the Crosley wall phone . They look good , and I like the ring , but they are cumbersome to use for phone calls , and the sound quality is terrible . These phones are good for nostalgia and looks , not for use .
 The phone has a very plastic feel to it and is much lighter than I expected after having read some of its other reviews . Made in China .
 I purchased one of these Crosley phones about 2 years ago . I used the phone as a backup and thus its use was occasional . The phone worked properly for several months until the day that I had trouble answering a call . The handset mechanism appeared to be stuck and as much as I flicked the button and jiggled the phone , I could not get the phone to connect properly . This turned out to be an intermittent problem for several months . However , eventually this problem developed into a permament issue to the point where I now plan on replacing the phone . I have lost far too many calls to risk having the phone around even as a backup . It is really too bad because the phone appears to be well made . I should also point out that while the phone is attractive and looks vintage from a distance , the body material is not Bakelite but a more modern material . Still , I wish my phone worked properly because genuine vintage phones are quite expensive .
 Once the wire from the handset to the body of the phone frays or cracks , the phone can only be used as a paperweight . The wire is not the detachable kind which can be replaced . It is flimsy and easy to pull apart , especially since the handset is heavy . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 When I first got this phone , I immediately had doubts about its quality . The handset did not sit level on the base , a condition I have never run into with any phone at any price.The phone did work , and the sound was good . However , 3 years down the line it suddenly went `` click '' during a call and loud static in the background moved in.I 'm recylcing the phone as it ca n't be used.Also , you ca n't remove the housing without cracking it or worse . It is very repair unfriendly . I would have liked to check if a wire had gotten loose , but it became pointless to do this because the phone 's retro beauty would have been damaged in the process.The problem was the phone itself and not its wall connection.So I 'm giving it 2 stars . A land phone that 's not mistreated should last for years and years . This one is rather pricey and it did n't come close .
 The phone has great vintage style but the sound quality is not there . When talking on the phone , there is a constant humming noise in the background . Irritating . Phone is being returned .
 I wanted a retro looking phone to put on top of our bar . The price is good , but with that saying , you also `` get what you pay for '' . It 's not a very heavy phone and mostly made of thin plastic . The look is good sitting on top of the bar , but the feel and weight says it 's cheap . I went ahead and kept the phone and started using it , but after only a few weeks the ringer has already stopped working . I would not recommend this item .
 I received this phone , it is cute and retro hoping to replace my WWTTON red retro phone but the sound quality in the Crosley is poor.There is a background buzz and when speaking on the phone the volume is too loud and this volume , unlike the ring volume , is not adjustable
 The hardwired 7 ' cord is silly for a wall phone . I was intending to put a 25-50 cord on this given that 's what it was intended to replace.The other issue is the ringer ... they attribute the `` meek dingk '' ring to having too many phones plugged in which decreases volume . Hmmmm ... the ORIGINAL BELL wall phone that was replaced did n't have any problem with decibels.While the looks and heft are nice , it does n't make up for the other deficiencies . Conclusion
 Terrible product , you need to spend minutes adjusting the back flap to make it stay up . Has non-standard RJ-11 connector for headset , low speaker volume , very slow UI . Stay away .
 Arrived damaged - broken in two places . I was unable to get a replacement from the seller .
 Since I make friendship bracelets , I buy all kinds of string and I have been looking for some string like this for years and i thought i would try it out , I made 3 bracelets with is and the string we all fraying , like crazy . I was going to return these but I am not going to waste my time . This was a bad buy .
 Pretty colors , but it all unraveled way too easy and become unmanageable . I do n't usually throw things away but I did throw this stuff away .
 This mouse pad is so thin that I do n't think I can use it for more than 1 year .
 I received this item rolled up and dented ! Not efficient at all ! Too big for someone 's home and too cheap looking for an office . I did not send it back because I did n't need the hassle . I ended up cutting it and using 2 of the months and I had to use thumb tacks just to keep the thing flat ! Do n't buy it unless you can see and touch it . The picture was very misleading .
 I purchased this calendar to help organize my family 's activities . Although it is well made , it is very wide and requires a lot of space . I tried to hang it on a number of walls in my house as well as behind doors , but it is slightly to wide to fit behind my doors - the edges stick out and scrape the doors . If I trim it , the laminated cover will likely start peeling . While I like that it shows 3 months at a time , but have yet to use it because I have n't found the right place to put it .
 Ca n't write on it with dry erase markers and erase easily ... not really made for dry erase . Really kinda stinks ... just too lazy to return it
 I have found that these are not dark enough or bright enough for me . I feel that they are harder to read than the ones that came with my board .
 I have no idea how these EXPO Low Odor markers can be considered ` Fine Point ' as they are thicker than a fat Sharpie marker . The colors are also EXTREMELY faint on use . I have been using EXPO Vis-a-Vis Wet Erase Fine Point markers which are actually nice , thin ` Fine Point ' tip markers and the colors are very solid and dark . Lesson learned as I will continue to buy them and NEVER buy the EXPO Low Odor ` Fine ' markers again .
 i tried to use this for heavier dinner chairs on carpet . I wanted to just be able to slide chairs in and out when having dinner , however these did not make the chairs slide . Glad this wasnt so expensive becuase it was a waste of money .
 I bought this to replace the nail in kind that consistently broke/fractured leaving a nail exposed on the foot of the chair.I like the design ... screw then covered with a slide pad . Only issue is , , these do not slide very well at all ! That is a pain ! I would not have gotten these again now that I know that.If you do NOT want a sliding chair then you will love these .
 We purchased these in hopes that our new wood floors would not be scratched by our chairs . Although it has helped a little , we have noticed several more scratches which we had hoped would be prevented by purchasing these .
 So , these are supposed to slide . But they do n't . They stick . I put them on one chair on a hardwood floor and it would not slide at all . I am returning them -- my first return in years and years of using amazon . I previously used a different brand that I found at a store , but tried these because they were cheaper . They do n't slide . Save yourself the hassle and buy a different brand of sliders .
 I got these to put on our dining room chairs to replace the sticky felt pads that kept coming off . I did n't particularly care about whether they were `` slidy '' or `` grippy '' , just that they would protected our hardwood floors and be more secure than adhesive.Anyway , the part that makes contact with the floor is a hard plastic and it 's been scratching the floors even worse than the bare chair leg . Fortunately I 'd only installed them on one chair as a test , so I did n't have too much work to remove it.If you have a very hard floor like tile or something these might work , but they 're definitely not good for wood . I do like that you can permanently attach them with the included screws and not worry about them coming off .
 I have been disappointed by this product . I would have liked to see a `` note '' section within the pages of the week , and a bigger section to record grades . I have 5 preparations - which means 5 classes ... I am now using the teacher 's plan book from The Continental Press , Inc. . It is simply a better teacher 's planner .
 Although the picture and an earlier review of this product states that this grade/record book is shaded with gray lines , this is not true ! When you actually receive the product , the inside is like any other grade/record book ... green ! This item 's picture is a false representation of what you will actually receive if you order this item .
 Please do n't buy this product this does not worth more than 5 dollars the manfacturing of the rubber is so poor and its installation on the stamp is terrible . Bad buy
 The ink pad does n't soak up ink evenly . So some numbers shows with too much ink and some with too little ink . And the ink smears everywhere and makes my paper look very messy .
 The light powering cells are made of bad quality . This thing went straight to the trash . Had to hold it at a certain angle in a room full of light just to barely see numbers .
 Garbage that is all i have to say . Quit working 2 months after purchase . Ringer will not sound or vibrate . was never loud enough for my 84 yr old Grandfather to hear out of
 My mom , who has macular degeneration and can not see well , had a hard time seeing the numbers and display . The blue backlight makes it difficult to see . I had to return the phones .
 I pruchased this phone in January , 1008 . It is now March , 2008 and the phone is unusable . First , I really liked the large numbers and the lighted antenna and numbers . Then , the numbers only lighted up partially and the dialing seemed slow . When I used the speakerphone it worked for about half a minute and then the volume went so low I could n't hear it -LRB- no , I do n't have hearing problems -RRB- . The speakerphone function was spotty at best . The battery life seemed very short , even if we had not talked on it much and when I put it in the base to charge it would n't make contact without a lot of repositioning . Last night I was talking on the just-charged phone and it began to beep and there was so much static I had to switch to a different phone . When I pressed the button to hang it up , it would n't hang up . It remained on with the loud static and I had to finally unplug both the telephone line and the electrical feed . Even after that the thing kept beeping and making noise . It 's trash !
 The phone was purchased for a relative who was impaired recently . Within a few days of installation , including a lot of work to add numbers to memory , teach her how to operate , etc. , the display screen began showing nonsense characters . In order to get the screen to work again , we had to disconnect the battery -LRB- and lose the memory -RRB- . Because she would no longer trust the operation of the phone , it was returned .
 Seems to be very sticky and maybe that 's why I have n't been able to get the backing off of the second side . Once I figure that out I think it will work great !
 I saw the store model and noticed that the desk was a little lopsided , the sales person told me the store clerks had put it together wrong . Well , I was snookered . The holes for all the screws were not lined up properly . the entire desk slants so badly that I could n't install the bottom drawer or the door .
 had a lot of trouble with assembly . directions were not clearholes were drilled wrong on two boardsand the drawers do not work well / holes are mismatchedi would not recommend this desk to anyone
 THIS SHREDDER IS NOT DEPENDABLE THE PLASTIC SPACERS BREAK AND RENDER THE SHREDDER PRACTICALLY WORTHLESS . WHEN SPACERS BREAK THE CONFETTI CUT PAPER JAMS THE WHOLE MACHINE AND MY MACHINE IS LESS THAN 1 YEAR OLD AND IT WAS A WARRANTY RELACEMENT FOR AN OLDER MODEL THAT DID THE SAME THING .
 just as the other user found out , the spacers break which clean the cutting heads and it is useless .
 I have had this shredder about 2 years . It 's just sitting in my basement . I was only able to use it for about 3 months before a piece from the motor broke off in the wastebasket and before that it kept getting jammed . In those three months large pieces of paper would drop in the basket underneath that had n't been shredded , but pass through the shredder.I had no one to complain to to get a refund -LRB- which I would have done if I had purchased it at a retail store -RRB- . This exprience has turned me off regarding purchasing electronics online . Yesterday , I went to my local Walmart store and purchased another shredder -LRB- different brand -RRB- . This shredder cost me a little under $ 50 and works perfectly so far . The Royal 10x needs to be taken off the market . Under question number one -LRB- how do I rate item , I would have not picked a single star if that was one of the chooses . Buyer beware .
 Worked great for a couple years until a small brass bearing or bushing went out . This $ 1 part renders the complete shredder inoperable . This part is not available anymore . Wo n't buy Royal again .
 I 've owned this machine for just over a year . Within the first 8 mos . the sensor eye stopped functioning . As a result , the shredder runs on continuously after the paper has passed throught the cutting slot . The defective sensor does not tell the motor to stop running . Do n't waste your money . This one is a piece of junk . Royal -- the manufacturer -- is unresponsive and irresponsible .
 I 've had this for just over a year , not heavy use , but for home office use . Just gums up with paper ... tears rather than cuts after a while , clogs up and is quite difficult to clear . Clogs again quickly . Says 10x , but really could n't handle more than a few sheets without straining to point of near burn-up . Already looking for a replacement .
 I did not realize that is was no Epson Photo paper and did not work as well as the Epson paper does .
 I bought this product because it has Palm name on the product . What a mistake . It takes 12-16 seconds to just open up the application ! Out of curiousity , I tried other dictionary software on a memory card and most of them do n't take more than 5 seconds to open up . Also , searching for word in this product is a major problem . You need to know the exact spelling of the word . And , it takes another five seconds for the software to find each word . Maybe my Palm M505 is too slow for this software , but I doubt that 's the reason . The only good thing about this product is that the content is from Merriam-Webster , if you can stand the wait time!If you are ever thinking about buying this product , I urge you to reconsider . There are other products that you can get , and Palm should be ashamed to put out a product with such poor performance . Since there is no way to try the product out before buying and it 's hard to return the product once you have opened the package , I feel that most customers will be fooled by the sweet little Palm logo . But , please do reconsider .
 The content is good , but the programming is sloppy.It is unacceptably slow and there is no link from the Dictonary Side to the Thesaurus side .
 Palm is now selling the 11th edition of Merriam Webster dictionary , and with rebate , the cost is less than this one . It might even be in color .
 This product costs you around -LSB- money -RSB- and I do n't think it is worth it . It is also too slow . The content is good , but do n't buy it . Check out the dictionary softwares on palm site , which would cost you almost -LSB- money -RSB- .
 I bought this and used it occasionally for a few months . After this I found it would not work anymore , any attempt to open either the dictionary or the thesaurus just gave me a blank screen followed by a return to the launcher . Attempts to get support faile to generate any response .
 Be aware that this product is NOT compatible with Visor handhelds . A salesperson told me that any handheld having the Palm 3.0 OS or higher installed has the required slot for this card . NOT.I 'm a bit of a PDA newbie , but I did expect that I 'd get accurate advice from the salesperson in charge of PDAs . < sigh > Another example of the `` I 'm a salesperson , therefore * I 'm * the EXPERT . '' < shaking head >
 First , this stand does pretty much what the description says , however , the unit is an olive green powder-coat , rather than the silvery color on the picture presented by the seller . I would also steer buyers away if they plan on putting anything heavier than 25 pounds on it . The unit bounces and wiggles with my 22 Lb . iMac , which is a little annoying for the :30 seconds or so it takes to steady itself -LRB- unplugging a USB drive -RRB- . I am supposing that there may be an issue with this unit , perhaps it 's just the primer coat ? I 'd find it hard to believe that people are looking for a greenish-gray item , and I will contact the seller to verify this . If you own a Mac , a white , or a metal colored item , it 's not going to look matched as it would if it looked like the picture . Jim
 I bought two of these file cabnets less than a year ago.My husband put them together without too much difficulty.There are two different types of drawer slides for the two differentsets of file cabnets -LRB- One must have been a newer model than the other -RRB- . The one type works alright , the other one does n't . After I started putting files into the cabnets , the one structure startedpulling apart , so I would have to take out all of the files and tightenthe little round gadgets they have inside , eventually the heads woreout to the point that you could no longer tighten them.The slides on the top drawer of the one cabnet never have worked right , and my most recent disaster was having one of theslides fall apart completely , with little ball bearings falling allover the place . I will never buy another piece of Sauder junk ... hate it , hateit , hate it . Did I mention that I hate it ?
 I was immediately disappointed that this product was made from particle board . While the product description indicates that it has a wood laminate finish it does not say that underlying the laminate is particle board . The laminate is pretty obvious and makes the cabinet look cheap . Nevertheless , it was relatively inexpensive and I needed it so I decided to put it together . The instructions were not the best , but I managed to construct it . After it was built I set a ream of paper in the top drawer and while opening and closing this drawer half of the drawer cover simply came off . I can no longer open the top drawer the the front of it is just hanging off . Poorly designed , cheap looking , cheap materials , bad instructions , etc. . I also bought a desk from the same seller with very similar results/quality .
 Be aware that this product is 90 % sawdust and glue and that the actual wood is only on the outside . And , it comes with three bags of hardware for assembly . I also suggest that you ship the styrofoam back to the manufacturer . Why do they feel a need to use something that ca n't be recycled where there are plenty of alternatives . Good luck !
 DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER ! These scam artitsts just fraudlently charged my credit card an additional $ 62 without permission to do so . We are now persuing criminal charges against the person who charged my card and this company . Do NOT give these people your credit card info!This filing cabinet is not the most affordable and is certainly not unique , which is why it is baffling to me that this company would try to nickel & dime its customers . This is even more troublesome when there is an identical filing cabinet on Amazon that is $ 50 less ! I purchased this filing cabinet , a desk with similar specs and some bookshelves from 3 different vendors apparently . The desk and the filing cabinet both had free shipping , which frankly was not the primary reason I purchased them , but rather the similarity in the pieces for my home office was the determining factor . The desk from Sauder arrived on my porch without issue as did the bookshelves from Target Decor . This filing cabinet , however , was a huge problem as this company apparently uses some sort of budget shipping company that will only dump your expensive filing cabinet off at the curb even though you politely explained that you and your husband work 12 hour days and that the filing cabinet will be stolen if it sits at the curb for 12 hrs . I pleaded with them to simply leave it on my porch , we 're it should be safe and was told by this seller that they would only leave it by my garage , completely exposed to the elements , if I paid them an additional $ 40 for them to go 20 feet to my door to make sure I actually received this overpriced WOOD filing cabinet without water damage ? I told the customer service person that NOTHING in their ad indicated that this 100 lb filing cabinet would be dumped at the curb and that they could keep it as there was an identical one on Amazon from another vendor for $ 50 less also with free shipping that I would be purchasing instead . If there product is as cheap as their shipping method and as poor as their customer service , they will not be in business much longer .
 When I was looking at this product online , the description said it was one size , but it was actually a lot longer . This makes a difference in the job I do . Sux
 We have had two VTech 900 mhz phones . The first one did n't work right out of the box . The second one worked great for about a year . Now you can talk but the keypad is toast . The range and clarity are super .
 it was always clear , but after 5-7 months it just stopped working . Own a Uniden now , love it . Not quite as clear tho .
 The Clips were not what they look like in the pics and some of the clips were broken in the container when we open them up , they look very cheap and distorted ! Would not buy from them again for this product .
 The lid comes off occasionally . It does n't quite fit the base properly . I will need to glue it to the base .
 Typical office product poorly executed . Made in China . Normally I would n't care if a small seemingly disposable item such as these clips were poorly made but Officemate seems to really be pinching pennies on these . For example all of the clips I recieved were scratched in some way . Two of them have burrs -LRB- from stamping ? -RRB- . Worst of all one was only painted on one side . For $ 5.50 I expect a lot better .
 I ordered two of these clipboards to take orders at an international trade show in New York . We did not open them untilwe got to the convention center and then discovered that one -LRB- of the two we ordered -RRB- was defective . The clipping mechanism did not open . Very frustrating for a such a high priced item and also quite inconvenient . The slide out calculator was quite handy , but again , for the price of the clipboards everything should have been in working order .
 Was initially impressed with the backrest ; however , because the straps are not adjustable , it dose n't stay in place . The one snap is not sufficient for holding the backrest in place .
 I am a larger male who bought this product to help with support for back pain . The sides are contoured and were too narrow to fit my body comfortably . Did not use as a result.The vendor was prompt in delivery and billing .
 Very comfortable if only it would stay elevated on the chair to fit the contours of your back . Has a very weak elastic band to keep the heavy cushion up on the chair , always slides to the bottom where the cushion does the least good .
 I recently purchased the Obus Forme Lowback Backrest , along with the Seat Cushion . Although I have heard people rave about the excellent support , and they felt comfortable enough to me , I ca n't give them more than 2 stars . The material used in their construction drove me to distraction . This is obviously a personal preference type of thing . Other folks may have no issues with the material at all . These are just my feelings on the matter : I found the texture of the fabric to be a little rough and it did n't allow easy movement when sitting on/leaning against it , which would drive me crazy after just a few hours at work . Also , when making any movements , the compression of the foam , and the friction between it and the fabric covering , made really annoying noises . It reminded me somewhat of snow compressing down when walking on it . The Backrest was even worse than the Seat Cushion because it had a thin plastic wrapping -LRB- looked sort of like shrink wrap or Saran wrap -RRB- around the foam inside , which made loud crinkling noises every time I even twitched . It was awful ! However good the science behind the backrest and cushion is , the sound effects and unpleasant texture were distracting enough , to me at least , to return both items .
 I got this to help transform a set of uncomfortable truck seats into something I could use on long trips . Unfortunately it does n't do it for me . I think that together with the seat pad this costs about $ 120 or more . Upon inspection I 'd be surprised if anyone paid half that if they bought it in a store after checking it out.In my case it was too narrow , the frame edges are felt and padding is pretty minimal . It must work for those with strange back ailments , but for me it did n't . It also lacked a good system for attaching it to a seatback , so you 'd have to reposition it every time you use it.A tiny person might get some use out of it but I ca n't imagine what 's in it that costs so much to produce . It 's a frame , foam and a cheap thin cover that looks like it 'd wear through with time.Thankfully Amazon accepts returns on these items . It seems to work for many , but it felt like I was sitting with an ironing board behind me . Literally .
 The Obus Forme Ergonomic Low Backrest did n't provide much support in my lower back . The small pad for the lower back could n't be placed comfortably to provide lower back support without irriting other areas of my back . It 's size is very cumbersome . It takes up too much space on any chair it 's placed . At its cost , I expected more .
 Back rest does not stay on seat when you lean back against it . Slides off back of seat and you have to keep readjusting it .
 Was initially impressed with the backrest ; however , because the straps are not adjustable , it dose n't stay in place . The one snap is not sufficient for holding the backrest in place .
 I am a larger male who bought this product to help with support for back pain . The sides are contoured and were too narrow to fit my body comfortably . Did not use as a result.The vendor was prompt in delivery and billing .
 Very comfortable if only it would stay elevated on the chair to fit the contours of your back . Has a very weak elastic band to keep the heavy cushion up on the chair , always slides to the bottom where the cushion does the least good .
 I recently purchased the Obus Forme Lowback Backrest , along with the Seat Cushion . Although I have heard people rave about the excellent support , and they felt comfortable enough to me , I ca n't give them more than 2 stars . The material used in their construction drove me to distraction . This is obviously a personal preference type of thing . Other folks may have no issues with the material at all . These are just my feelings on the matter : I found the texture of the fabric to be a little rough and it did n't allow easy movement when sitting on/leaning against it , which would drive me crazy after just a few hours at work . Also , when making any movements , the compression of the foam , and the friction between it and the fabric covering , made really annoying noises . It reminded me somewhat of snow compressing down when walking on it . The Backrest was even worse than the Seat Cushion because it had a thin plastic wrapping -LRB- looked sort of like shrink wrap or Saran wrap -RRB- around the foam inside , which made loud crinkling noises every time I even twitched . It was awful ! However good the science behind the backrest and cushion is , the sound effects and unpleasant texture were distracting enough , to me at least , to return both items .
 I got this to help transform a set of uncomfortable truck seats into something I could use on long trips . Unfortunately it does n't do it for me . I think that together with the seat pad this costs about $ 120 or more . Upon inspection I 'd be surprised if anyone paid half that if they bought it in a store after checking it out.In my case it was too narrow , the frame edges are felt and padding is pretty minimal . It must work for those with strange back ailments , but for me it did n't . It also lacked a good system for attaching it to a seatback , so you 'd have to reposition it every time you use it.A tiny person might get some use out of it but I ca n't imagine what 's in it that costs so much to produce . It 's a frame , foam and a cheap thin cover that looks like it 'd wear through with time.Thankfully Amazon accepts returns on these items . It seems to work for many , but it felt like I was sitting with an ironing board behind me . Literally .
 The Obus Forme Ergonomic Low Backrest did n't provide much support in my lower back . The small pad for the lower back could n't be placed comfortably to provide lower back support without irriting other areas of my back . It 's size is very cumbersome . It takes up too much space on any chair it 's placed . At its cost , I expected more .
 Back rest does not stay on seat when you lean back against it . Slides off back of seat and you have to keep readjusting it .
 Pros : - The desk is large and sturdy . - Although assembly is tedious , parts do fit together well.Cons : - It 's not the white shown in the photo . Actual desk has a brown/yellow tint . I specifically bought this desk for the white appearance in the photo . - It 's all particle board , except for the legs . That 's not a huge deal , since the exterior has a nice wood texture . - Assembly is tedious and instructions are wordy . Instructions refer to parts by code/letter , but most parts were n't labeled , so I had to spend about 30 minutes labeling the parts myself before even starting assembly . Expect at least a few hours to put the desk together . There are 90 screws , and glue is involved . - Not practical to return -LRB- see below -RRB- I gave this desk away for free just a few days after receiving it . At 92 pounds , return shipping would have cost about a hundred bucks , and after reading the vendor 's strict return policy , I was skeptical about getting a refund - did n't want to be out even more money , so junked it .
 This cash box is poorly constructed and has not held up well at all . Although the general layout is nice - cash in the lid with spring clips , removable tray , it is just not meant to stand up to any sort of wear and tear . I use it as my cash box at various craft shows , so I take it to and from the show every morning and night one or two weekends a month . After only a couple of shows , it was not closing properly . It will sometimes get stuck closed and is difficult to open . Yet sometimes the combination lock does not work and it flies open and change will go everywhere ! The very nature of a cash box is something to be toted around but this one seems like it was made to be stationery and not be used very much . I am very disappointed and after only 6 months of use , I already need to buy a new one !
 I bought an ES800 from Ectaco . It 's a color device ; that 's one of the nice things about it . If you paint a pig blue it 's still a pig . Believe me , the ES800 is a pig ! Allow me to explain . On the Ectaco site it 's advertised as great for travelers , language learners , etc. . I speak Spanish almost daily and have been complimented by native speakers . As one who taught Spanish for 30 years , I was appalled to see just how poorly the ES800 translates even common words and phrases . Examples
 I bought this cash box to use at our garage sale . The latch broke off during the first day with regular use .
 Once locked no one could figure out how to unlock it , so we pulled the lock off . It came off really easy . Pried off with a kitchen butter knife . The box worked fine lockless , so we pulled the locks off the other ones we had as well.-jim lee
 This cushion is not made to be used by men over medium size . It has an interior plastic frame . The sides of the frame swoop upward . The padding is soft , not dense , and the edges of the frame dig into thighs and upper legs . No way I could get used to that .
 I bought this along with the Ultra back rest from the same manufacturer . I love the back rest , but the seat was too thin for a day at the office . I 'm a fit 30-something with lumbar and cervical facet issues , hence the interest in these products . The seat is not angled , so it does n't do anything for pelvic tilt while working at a desk . Also , the foam cushion flattens out after less than an hour , and by two hours sitting becomes painful as all I can feel is the hard plastic frame below , which is not removable . I just took the seat off my char and find the chair cushion more comfortable . I 'm sorely disappointed by this product and could not recommend this to anyone . Others have complained that the edges of the plastic frame dig into their thighs ; if I were a bit larger -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and 165 -RRB- I can see how that would be a serious issue as well . Poor design overall and not at all ergonomic .
 After sitting in my recliner too much and triggering a bout of back pain -LRB- that later turned into a severely herniated disc -RRB- I purchased the Obus Ultra Forme backrest for added support . I was so happy with the backrest that I decided that adding the seat was called for . It unfortunately turned out to be fairly uncomfortable . The support was pretty good , and the problem might have been that it was too small for my recliner , but I ended up returning it . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' , 200lbs , so maybe I do n't have enough built in padding , but regardless , I was disappointed in the seat after being so happy with the backrest .
 I have purchased 3 of these . 2 were great and made my antique kitchen chair and computer seat feel very comfortable . One of the latest I purchased is actually painful from the first few moments on it . I can feel the metal bar pressing into my distal thighs . I am disappointed and sorry that I did n't have the time to exchange it as I had given my other two away to my parents and husband . I would recommend you keep your box and receipt while you try it out just in case you get a lemon . D.
 Do n't listen to the high reviews . They must work for this company . This is a piece of plastic covered in thin foam and black fabric . It 's actually horrible . Very uncomfortable . You would be better off buying a cheap pillow from WalMart and putting it in a black pillow case . I ca n't believe they even produced such a stupid product . It does nothing . Your weight will crush it instantly . What a joke and waste of money .
 This looked like a decent product for car seat pad for someone with a bad back . The issue is the hard plastic inserts that jab into your thighs . I could not get those to turn outward at all to reduce the new pain .
 Not a comfortable seat.its constantly sliding.You always have to keep readjusting , mistake buying the lower seat.Would return it but dont have box anymore.I thought it would minimise my pain instead its just more annoying to use .
 I have a very bad lumbar region plus sciatica . I just can not know whether this helps per se as opposed to using TENs and opiates . It feels like a lumpy , slim pillow .
 I just threw this in the trash after trying off and on for months to get my computer to recognize it . I have tried it with both Linux and Win7 -LRB- in fact in Win7 it locked up my computer -RRB- . Tried it on my desktop -LRB- with two different card readers -RRB- , my Asus laptop and another UMPC.Quite disappointed because I 've have been pleased with Kingston cards .
 this is a great flash card with a buttload of space on it but my internet tablet doesnt recognise it :-LRB- but i can use it on other things like my digital picture frame ! not a big loss ...
 The Pyramid 4000 has really nice functionality - in particular the progressive time stamps that show hours worked that day and cumulative hours for the week . We have a flextime small business in which people start and finish at different times , rather than a rigid shift structure . The progressive time stamps are helpful to keep people aware of not running overtime or working too many hours . Also helps save time for our bookkeeper.Where the Pyramid 4000 fails though is in the traction system for pulling cards through the time stamper . It does n't grip the cards well enough to reliably pull them through . So the cards do n't get stamped , the employees have to pull them through and retry repeatedly . You want rock solid reliability from a time clock - there 's money at stake after all - and the Pyramid 4000 does n't deliver ! People have to end up writing in times , in which case the progressive stamp benefits do n't work , etc. . One Big Hassle !! Why ca n't anybody make a reliable machine ???
 The first ribbon I ordered was defective , but they promptly sent another after calling them . Now I am waiting to see if I receive credit .
 We 've had this timeclock for about 4 years . We 're happy with the overall functionality of it , however ... the most important part of the timeclock is having it PRINT onto a timecard . After a year or two , the printing got lighter & lighter , even after experimenting with various ribbons & replacing them all too often . I called the company recently about this problem , & they walked me through how to clean the printhead . I did that several times , but it has not helped ... parts of the numbers are not visible when printed . So ... I would not recommend this time clock . I am now shopping for a new one , & am thinking I will just stay away from anything made by Pyramid .
 This arrived as refurbished and everything looked great and the clock works fine but nothing prints . A Terrible waste of Money .
 looking for a time stamp document and came across this device ... did not buy and willl not from this company $ 78 for shipping ??
 Does n't keep time well , in fact we must reset ours once per week . No online support available .
 There are a few things you should need to know about this time clock before you purchase it . This machine is just a stamp , thats right its a stamp ! Your manually move and stamp this machine , if you are going to buy a timeclock because you want to really track your employees time than this is not the machine for you .
 only worked for two weeks after I bought it , for sure its not a Digital time clock and advise anyone out there dont ever buy this time clock .
 to begin with , it took ages to get to me.IT never kept the correct time for half an hour.The seller refused to agree on assisting me in paying the costs to return the item , which is sad .
 hard to use and cheaply made , it did not work half of the time , would not recommend
 Does not work well . Very cheaply made and your employees will not want to use it .
 I have a store with 20 employees and this machine was purchased to make my life easier . Like others have said this is a time stamp only ! You have to manually push down on it to get it to stamp . very hard to allign where you want to stamp and so sometimes you have your in time under your out time and its really confusing . Employees get mad when you pay them less than they worked but thats what the time card is reading . oh and for you employers that are not around all day and want to purchace this for peace of mind , DO N'T , because they can easily change the time when your not looking !!!!!! waste of money and I cant return because Office Depot return policy ` If its opened its not returnable ' Well how are you supposed to know its a bad machine . Hope this helps out future buyers .
 I think this product would be great if only it had worked . I kept it for about one month and it would not keep time . It was off about an hour either forward or behind everyday . The support I recieved from smartbuyz was to contact Pyramid directly for a replacement . Not only did this product not work but I had to call someone else for support , pay for shipping to and from to get it replaced . I ca n't recommend this product or company based on my first experience with them . Sorry .
 This is an over-glorified time stamp . I could have bought the $ 5 stamp from the office supply store and it would have been the same . This is advertised as a time-stamp so I assumed it would maybe date the stamp . . HORRIBLE !
 Not going into deep details -LRB- not worth the time ... hence you get what you pay for -RRB- Worked great for about 2 weeks . When your busy in the office and guys are needing the machine time reset ... little frustrating . Better hope it gives you the right hours or you 'll be over paying/under paying your employees
 This time clock worked well for a little over a year -LRB- the warranty period -RRB- and then gradually started running slower , losing a few minutes each day . An inaccurate time recorder is worse than useless .
 I 'm desperate , so I 'll keep it . Ca n't afford the other time machines . This one prints so light you have to have a magnifying glass to read it . Setting the time is a crap shoot to get the right time to peep through the window . We went back and forth removing the cover everytime we moved the numbers to the supposed red slot to align with . Not accurate . It makes a lot of noise . For the moment , my office is in my house so I have to hear the loud click each time the wheel turns . Numbers are on a wheel that turns with the time .
 Its a $ 10.00 item , what a rip off ! carpediemstore.com list it at $ 10.49 . I would advise to shop around for a better price.Amazon should keep an good eye on this one .
 This laptop stand ends up placing your monitor at a high angle . It is not comfortable to have to look up to your screen for an extended period of time , or over the course of many days . Also , the finish is more matte than gloss and does n't clean well , and it can scuff or stick to surfaces . Purchasing this ultimately turned out to be a mistake .
 This item says it is made in Germany , but the metal finish is horrible and uneven , and the plastic pieces are not cut flush . The engineering and manufacturing is horrible , and it is not as sturdy as any of the older Staedtler compasses I used in the past . I do n't know what kind of compasses other reviewers have been using -LRB- I 'm not being flippant -RRB- but if this is the quality you get from a German compass sold for 24 dollars , then maybe it 's time to just switch to Chinese product : -LRB-
 It is a shame that Amazon CHANGES item description WITHOUT a proper REVIEW . This item originally was listed as a SINGLE unit ! -- Now it is a case of 25 !
 I ordered a 11x14 binder , and the one sent to me was an 8x11 binder . I am still trying to return it .
 This listing says it is for ACCO Economy # 1 Paper Clips , Smooth , Size # 1 , 100 Clips Per Box , 10 Boxes - but I only recieved 1 box of 100 paper clips .
 While a great clip , it seems odd that anyone would want to spend this much for one box . A little more searching and you can buy 1000 clips for less than double the price of this 100 box . Seems fairly odd to me .
 Based on the price I foolishly believed this was 10 boxes of 100 paperclips , not one box of 100 . I should have paid more attention to the description , but they are paperclips ! This item is readily available for less than $ 1 at any office supply house . Costco.com has the exact same item in 10 box packages for less than this one box cost ! This item was included in an order because it was convenient - it is an excellent lesson and I will now make it a policy to ALWAYS read the description before ordering . DO N'T BE FOOLED - THIS IS ONE LITTLE BOX OF PAPERCLIPS FOR A HUGELY INFLATED PRICE .
 These are very ordinary , small paper clips . Contrary to the description , they 're perfectly smooth with no special gripping power .
 I needed to clip some paper together so naturally I did a search and found this product . The name sure sounded like what I needed , but be warned that these are falsely advertized . They do n't `` clip '' at all , but merely tightly hold paper together by sliding the paper between the two ends . And I do n't know about you , but I love potato chips and sometimes I do n't eat the whole bag in one sitting , so I thought these might also be able to re-seal the bag to keep my chips fresh for later . WRONG . The bag slides right out of these things . I 'll be putting these on e-bay .
 Yes , these are paperclips - just paperclips . They clip paper together - problem is they are no longer good quality paperclips.I last ordered 3000 ACCO jumbo clips from Staples about 10-11 -LRB- ??? -RRB- years ago - the clips from back then -LSB- and I still have some for comparison -RSB- were a thicker -LSB- or stronger -RSB- wire gauge.These new ACCO clips feel flimsy , they bend way to easily , almost like a Christmas tree ornament hanger.Another example of saving a few dollars and making inferior quality products in China.Will certainly avoid any ACCO product in the future - in fact will avoid any office product made in cheap-china .
 I thought that these paper clips looked like an excellent value - I have purchased ACCO clips in the past , but not the `` jumbo '' size ; I never had any complaints about their regular-sized clips . I had assumed that these would be the same gauge of wire that their regular-size clips are , but these seem to be a much thinner gauge that barely holds onto a few pieces of paper .
 -LRB- ASIN
 I ordered these clips and received 1 pack -LRB- 100ct -RRB- . The description says 10 packs . So I contacted Amazon and ws told to ship back the 1pack and they would send me the proper 10 pack . I received another 1 pack . So I contacted Amazon again . Once again I received 1 pack . This time I was told that they would do a bin check and make sure that I got the item as described . I got another 1 pack !!!!! SO unless you want to spend $ 7 for 100 paper clips I would avoid this item .
 I am returning this product . The `` non-glare '' results from the fact that the pages are not perfectly transparent . Sure , you do n't get glare , but if the paper is n't directly against the sheet protector , you may not be able to read it . In general , the resolution of the print in the sheets deteriorates due to the `` non-glare '' process that was applied to the sheet . It 's sort of like trying to see through a shower curtain.I would not recommend the non-glare version at all .
 I purchased this product because I thought the price was great for the picture shown . The picture shows a 50 ft cushion wrap , but was in fact only a 10 ft. I could have purchased a way cheaper one from my local store . Picture should reflect what is being sold . VERY MISLEADING .
 The roll is perforated every 12 inches , but it does not tear at these spots . It rips and you are left with jagged strips and must use numerous pieces . Quite a waste !
 The Item came to me on time but it did not look like the picture . The picture was round the one I got was rectangular and its in a Tupperware-ish container with no cellophane wrap to let me know it had not been tampered with . And to me it just did n't look like 500 rubber bands so I counted it . There were 442 so the container was 68 rubber bands short . To me that 's a lot since I payed for 500 and did not get it . Also there were a few broken and irregular rubber bands too some so thin they would easy break and others with the rubber melted together . -LRB- which I included in my count -RRB- so the superior quality on the box is also untrue . I do n't know if that is the fault of the manufacturer or if the seller put less to make more money . Either way I will not be buying from this person / or this brand again because of it . I will include pictures .
 These rubber bands are so weak they break and become lose really fast Im somewhat disappointed was n't happy with these .
 These bands are the exact size I needed ; however , the inferior quality of the product renders a lot of them unusable . Some stretch out and wo n't contract back to the original size . What can you expect from a product made in China ?
 I thought these were `` colored pencils '' as the title states , but it just means that the outside plastic is colored and the lead is regular lead .
 These PaperMate mechanical pencils are horribly designed . The lead is held in the pencil by the eraser and the eraser is n't properly secured , so you lose both eraser and leads . The leads must be made of a second-rate material because they break far too easily . Between the broken leads , lost leads and lost erasers , these pencils lasted a fraction of the time they should have . I promptly went back to Bic mechanical pencils , which were also available via Amazon and are better in every respect .
 The company sent a different product instead of the one depicted here . On top of that , their return policy is so narrow -LRB- 7 days from in voice date -RRB- that by the time the product arrived it was too late to return it .
 Do n't be shy about it , I do not actually want that 10 more oz . I just think that you should consider give your product another title .
 We 've had this in our kitchen for several years now , but avoid using it if at all possible . It 's extremely heavy and the handle is shaped so as to make it nearly impossible to prop between your ear and your shoulder . Dialing is a bit slow because of the placement of the numbers . All in all , I guess if a burglar came into my house at the exact same time I was using this phone , I would feel safer because it 's weight at the end of the cord could act like an ancient mace and knock the intruder out . An excellent weapon I think .
 I purchased the black model . I have to rate it as mediocre on all fronts.The satin finish is contrary to the classic styling - a glossy finish would have been more stylish . I ca n't picture Jack Nicholson reaching for this phone in `` Chinatown '' , which is kinda what I was shooting for.The overall feel is one of cheap molded plastic with artifical lines that try to mimic the classic `` chassis + body '' assembly that is characteristic of the originals . It does n't work.The `` hook '' that holds the handset is also cheap plastic . It wo n't stand an angry hang-up to a call , like the originals can . Sooner or later the wrong person will call and this phone will be toast.Like other reviewers , I also have experienced an electronic hum on the line that is associated with this phone . That 's a swing and a miss on the electronic design - it 's just not that complex . I have a DSL electronic filter on my phone line which may interact with the phone to add buzz , but that 's the phone 's problem.That being said , all the basic functions work . That 's more than I can say about the Emerson Slimline EM2517 phone I got from Walmart which could n't dial right out of the box .
 The phone looks great on the wall but it I have trouble hearing callers . The volume only adjusts the ringer not the speaker . Not sure if it 's a defect or just a problem . Could someone respond to that ?
 The Crosley 302 wall Phone CR-55 Black , looks great in our kitchen . Unfortuately , it only worked well for One -LRB- 1 -RRB- week . When people called we would answer the telephone , but the callers could not hear us talking . I 'm returning the phone and my wife wife wants me to return the defected one and purcahse another one . I have to say Amazon , was very helpful with the return and apologetic about the Telephone . I will pruchase another one and let the readers know the results in a few months !
 Love the look and the sound of an old fashion ring . But after a few weeks the rings would come in , but we could not hear the caller nor could they hear us . This has happened to me on two of the same model phone .
 Loved the phone the minute I saw it . It was perfect for my new kitchen ... but my calls kept getting cut off . I contacted the mfg several times for a replacement receiver and never got a return email or call . I proceeded to contact Amazon and they issued me a 1 time exception return because the mfg has not gotten back to me . I 'm now looking for the same retro look but from another company .
 This phone -LRB- Crosley 302 wall phone -RRB- has poor sound quality . I frequently have to switch to another extension to hear or to be understood by others . It also causes a nasty interference on all of the extensions in the house . This drawback alone makes the phone largely unusable . Be aware that the cord is permanently attached to the receiver -LRB- not a modular connection -RRB- . Do not order a extended cord , because you ca n't attach it . The third problem is that the receiver does n't always disconnect the call when you hang up . The receiver will seem to be hung up correctly , but the line is still open . This is an attractive , heavy-duty phone , but it about to go into my telephone graveyard .
 Bought this phone based on memories of quality Crosley products from many years ago . After less than 2 years in use , the humming on the line made me replace it . When I contacted -LSB- ... -RSB- , I was sent a new handset . New handset , same problem ... my $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Princess clone from GE is of far better quality .
 Suffice it to say that I bought this phone after reading the reviews warning me about line noise , and after about one month , our headset started buzzing . You can use the phone , but it sounds terrible . Looks great on the wall , though . Too bad I ca n't find a similar red phone elsewhere .
 How am I supposed to order the phone if I can not find the dimensions anywhere on the web ? Not on the Crosley website , either . We have a phone cubby , so I need to make sure the phone can fit in there . Would like to buy , or at least consider !
 **** Update *** I contacted Amazon , explained my issue and they replaced the phone without a problem . They sent me a new right away ! I received within 2 days of calling . Even before they received the broken phone ! It was very easy . And so far this one seems to work . Thank you Amazon!Points 1 , 2 and 3 of my original reveiw still apply . But I am happy to have it replaced and not have all of my hard earned money gone to waste . The phone is usable . It is just not the quality of what I had previously . Too bad . I loved my first Crosley phone.This will be okay for emergency power outages.It is just not good enough for everyday use.But ... IT LOOKS GREAT!Original review : I am EXTREMELY disappointed.I had a Crosley 302 Wall Phone that I bought years ago . My children who were not quite tall enough to reach the receiver ; repeated dropped the phone receiver -LRB- even in a dog dish full of water -RRB- and it still worked . We had to super glue , screw and tape it back together . Until a recent -LRB- November 2012 -RRB- power outage we discovered it no longer worked . I was bummed . I loved that phone . So , on Christmas I ordered myself a NEW Crosley 302 wall phone . Merry Christmas to me!But it is just NOT the same.Here 's is why :1 -RRB- The CORD is really short . We could reach any room downstairs with the old cord , VERY LONG , had to be at least 6 ft relaxed . It hung to the floor . This cord is only 2 ft long . I ca n't do anything but stand next to the phone .2 -RRB- This one is much lighter , does n't feel substantial . The receiver is lighter -LRB- feels cheap -RRB- . The 1st phone really felt like an `` OLD '' phone , this is definitely a reproduction and a cheap one .3 -RRB- It sounds like the person you are talking to on the other end is in a tunnel . And it intermittently becomes faint then loud .4 -RRB- The last straw ... Today , I tried to Dial out . I rarely use this phone for calling out , I usually use the cordless , but the battery was dead . You know what ?! I ca n't dial out . The Number pad does n't work.On my 1st try it recognized the first TWO numbers , but then nothing else.On my 2nd attempt it recognized ZERO numbers.On the 3rd attempt only ONE number.So I thought maybe it is Phone jack ... maybe ... I tried 2 other jacks in the house . Still does n't work.So needless to say I HATE this phone . It is a cheaper version on my original phone and it does n't work.Problem is ... can I return it ? Is it too late ? It is a defect or are they all junk ?
 After nine months of using this product , the dial feature no longer works.This phone was not used often , or abused . I do n't recommend .
 I bought the phone mid September 2012 . It 's now mid December 2012 , and the phone no longer works . I am going to call customer service tomorrow to see if they will help . I am not optimistic , given the 30 day warranty.Also , the phone is not &#34; chrome &#34; - it 's plastic
 The phone left a lot cheaper in reality than what it looked like in the photo . The polished metal is mostly plastic . I had hoped to find a Pottery Barn style phone and instead I found one that I am somewhat embarrassed to hang up .
 I was not very pleased with the phone it seem to be very cheap plastic did not secure to the wall very well and the design of the receiver is just well stupid . You can not hold the phone against your shoulder and talk without hands because the receiver is to narrow . I 'm looking for a replacement phone already .
 Builders ' Depot sent my purchase to the wrong address and they wanted me to wait for reimbursement for their mistake . They even wanted UPS to take responsibility for their error which is inexcusable . It was only when I vehemently complained that they agreed to credit my charge account . Time will only tell if they actually did that when I receive my monthly statement . After weeks of this , I still do n't have a phone and have to start the process of finding one again . These people were totally unprofessional .
 my dog chewed the cord in two and now we can not take the cord that is attached to the phone off , or even find a replacement for the hand set . piece of junk . you would have to buy the whole phone .
 I 've had this phone for two months . I was worried about some of the reviews but bought it anyway . It looks good . The sound quality is decent.One major flaw is that it is very hard to tell if the handset is properly seated on the hook until you get the fast busy sound indicating that it was n't . My wife and I both have trouble with this . The normal action of placing the handset on the hook , more often than not , does not actually hang up the phone . It takes a little bit of extra pressure to actually seat the thing properly and it is hard to know how much extra . The hook does n't seem to travel downward any further , it just needs a little bit of extra downward pressure . This is a very poor design . When the handset is placed on the hook the hook should travel down and that travel should always be sufficient to engage it.The other problem that we have is that the ringer often just does not work . It 'll work one hour and then stop working next only to continue working again the next . Our other phones are ringing but sometimes they just are n't where we can here them.I 'm going to replace the phone . It is just not acceptable .
 I ordered this phone to go with our retro contemporary home and received it and loved it . Upon hooking this up the phone only would ring on low and not on the high setting -LRB- when ordering I was told I would be getting a brand new one - this is not the case -RRB- . I called and Amazon had no problem replacing it and I received my new phone today and once again this is not brand new I can tell it had been returned before and again the ringer would not work on high . I love the style , but do not feel it is worth the money . I am looking for other options online now .
 This phone looks like the phone my grandmother had , as well as my mother had when I was a kid ... . I wanted that phone to hang in my house ... . however its NOTHING like the original , at all . Its push button , but shaped like a rotary phone , so as I tried to call out , my fingers fumbled - I can text on my iphone with my eyes closed - so I should not have trouble with this ! Second the hand piece is irregularly shaped , nothing like the old version , its very hard too . The ring sounds like a bicycle &#34; cling-cling , cling-cling &#34; not like the original . The cord is short , and that is about the only thing that is similar to the old phone - however I remember being able to disconnect the cord and replace it with a longer one , this does not allow that - so when you are looking at this phone , even though a suggested addition to your purchase is a longer cord , it will be useless because this cord is fixed .
 Cool looking phone but buttons stopped working after 6 months . I can receive calls but not make them . Does not make me happy considering the cost of the phone .
 We just recently installed the new phone only to find out it does n't work . We had another phone there that had worked fine , so it 's not the wiring . I am in the process of returning this item . It looks nice with the retro look , but we actually need it to function .
 This phone is a throw away . Ours stop working now it hangs in the kitchen just for show . If the wire was replaceable I could get the poorly made phone to work , but it 's not . Do n't expect this phone to be durable at all . I gave it 2 stars for it 's look . The phone itself is terrible .
 I purchased this phone 3 years ago . This week the earpiece broke off , and since it was glued on rather than screwed on , it can not be repaired.I am secretly relieved because I have despised this phone . I got the phone to hang in my kitchen , so that I could answer it while preparing dinner . The shape of the handle is that of a canoe , with the side that one would cradle between the shoulder/chin area forming a pointy edge . It was impossible to use without hands .
 This phone has stopped working after only eight months . I retrieved the box to find my warranty and packing materials and noticed that there was a warning on the box that I did n't notice before . It says that the manufacturer warns that there are cancer causing substances in the item . So beware of this before you place an order because no one is going to tell you .
 The phone is great however , Amazon suggestions other products to go with this phone . DO NOT purchase the 12 ft. cord or the detangler . The handset is hardwired and you can not replace the cord for a longer one . Money and shipping costs were wasted as these two items which came separately from different vendors . GRRRRR !
 The phone is made of very cheap plastic . And the static is horrible - we have not been able to hear through it . I really do not think the phone would hold up to real use even if we were able to talk through the static . In fact the only thing it has going for it is the retro design . It looks great hanging on the wall but do n't expect to really use it . If you want an expensive decoration to match your retro theme , it looks sharp . Just do n't expect to really talk on it .
 The phone broke in six months and I was not able to get it fixed . I need a new phone and I can not buy it at a local store anymore because they don &#8217; t sell them since everyone has a cell .
 It 's still on my wall and looks great . I can take incoming calls , sound quality is good , BUT it stopped dialing out about a month after I got it . I 'm looking for a new phone the looks as good and actualy dials out , till then it stays on my wall .
 May look like a Bell Labs classic , but it 's a sad imitation . After only 6 months the handset gave out . No incoming sound . Only then did I realize that the receiver is HARDWIRED . No module plug , so if the cord goes bad , the whole thing is a paperweight.It 's really too bad that someone ca n't make a retro phone designed to last like the old Bell phones . It looked great in our 50 's kitchen . But I should have known something was wrong when the `` brushed chrome '' turned out to be shiny plastic.This phone is like a Pontiac Solstice - looks great on the outside , junk in the inside . Avoid , and do n't make my mistake .
 I loved the look of this phone and the sturdiness of it . It worked fairly well for about a month , but then I started with crackling and with callers not being able to hear us . I went to return it , but the store no longer carried it . I would NOT buy this phone again and it ended up in the trash ...
 This phone looks fine but the sound quality is terrible , it echoes . The handset is to large , you ca n't cradle it in your neck . The volume adjust is behind the phone , so you have to take it off the wall to adjust it . Not a very practical phone at all .
 The phone itself is of high quality with good voice tone and a familiar 1960ish ring . The main problem I have is that it is not a modular cord attached but one that is permanently attached and can not be replaced by the consumer . I can not figure out how this will be accomplished when the cord goes bad and they all go bad . I guess one will have to send it back to the company . I wish someone had written about this when I read the reviews , I would not have purshased it .
 This phone only worked for a couple of weeks before it was pure static . We had the phone company out to look at the line and it turns out it was the phone ! What a waste of money ... Yes it is pretty - but not worth having to replace in a very short while . I would save your money .
 I purchased this phone because I loved the vintage look and it went perfect with my kitchen . After 4 weeks I noticed that every time I went to use the phone the person on the other end could not hear me . At first I thought it was the cord so I bought a new one , only to discover it was not the cord , it was the receiver . My husband took it apart to see if he could fix it and nothing . I was so disappointed . I called the company who makes the phone and am now waiting for one of their technicians to decide whether its a product malfunction in order to send me a replacement . Do not buy this phone , for the cost it is not worth it !
 I LOVE this phone ... it looks great , it rings just like the old-fashioned phones , and works great FOR AWHILE . I 'm on my 4th phone -LRB- yes , I 'm an idiot , I keep re-buying the same phone again and again ... it 's about the only one like this on the market -RRB- and the exact same thing has happened with every phone . It works great for about 2 months and then one day suddenly the buttons stop working . It can still receive calls , but you ca n't call out since you ca n't dial . At first I thought it was a fluke , but all four phones I 've purchased have done the exact same thing .
 Since the day I hung this beautiful phone on the wall I 've being dealing with a HuMMMMMM sound on the line.I tried taking the phone to another house but still I have the HUMMMMM sound.Consider your buy because I 've had a bad experience with mine.I even call the telephone company and they came to my house in order to check the line , and told me the problem as on the phone .
 Broke 3 times withon one year -LRB- dial pad just stopped working -RRB- . Cust service refused to replace at all , unless shipping was paid both ways by me . Pretty shabby considering all 3 phones that broke were at my expense .
 We 've had this phone for about two years now.It worked well until about two months ago , when we noticed a pronounced hum/buzz when using this phone . When using the other house phones , the hum/buzz is not present . Seems like an uncomplicated thing like a phone should last for life ... like the real phones of yesteryear did.One other thing to consider
 phone does not work . received phone and the buttons do n't work ... when you press them ... nothing happens ! so frustrating when you buy something online !! you expect it to work right out of the box and not have to bother with returns !
 For $ 55 I would expect the product to last more than 6 months . We are unable to use the keypad to dial out , although we can receive incoming calls . Buyer beware .
 Purchased in October . Buttons stopped working in December . Going to cost $ 20 to send it in for `` warranty '' . Threw it away . Way cool looking but I would NOT recommend !!
 great looks , poor quality - phone does not sit flush on the wall so it tilts when you push down on the buttons . Push buttons stopped working after a month .
 Sorry , no option for ZERO starsMy wife loved the way this phone looked . I liked the retro look to it as well -LRB- I grew up in a rural area with a rotary phone and the old style party line -RRB- . I could not even hang the phone on the wall because it had the wrong mount for US wall mounts -LRB- RJ11C modular -RRB- . It had 4 inch mounts . Standard US phones are 31/4 inches . I guess the mounts in China -LRB- where these phones are made -RRB- are 4 inches . Back to the drawing board , Chinese engineers !! Looks
 It is cute , but it is no where near what they are asking for it . It is very , very cheaply constructed . It would only be worth it at half the price . The phone cord being advertized with it will NOT work , so do n't bother to buy it . The cord is not removable from the hand set .
 We 've had this phone a while-and the dial has n't worked for a while . We 'd had it long enough we did n't try to return it.You can still receive calls -LRB- pick them up -RRB- but we have n't been able to dial out for a long time . For a while , we were able to kind of tap the phone and occasionally the dial would work intermittently ... but then it stopped altogether.It 's unfortunate because we bought this to be our hard-wired phone for electrical outages . -LRB- Most wireless phones wo n't work because the base requires power -RRB- So , we had to go buy ANOTHER phone for emergency purposes.It does look pretty and we love the chrome look . The handset is not great for cradling in your neck if you are trying to take notes either-the pointed back just wo n't stay steady in the crook of your neck.I would not buy another one ... have been searching hoping to find a similar look but another brand . The quality control is pretty poor on this , based on our experiences and those of several other reviewers here . I 'm surprised the quality control is this bad , for such a pricey phone .
 I bought this phone for my sisters new home . She now can not use it because there is a constant buzzing sound . Can barely hear the person on the other end because of the buzzing . Now , its too late to return so she is stuck with a phone that doesnt work . ugh what to do ????
 I bought this phone to add a bit of charm to my kitchen . It has a good ring and looks nice . Problems I have are two :1 . The handset is not suitable to use your shoulder to hold it to your ear while you use both hands to do something . The handset is not flat on the back but has a triangular shape , so it slips off the shoulder quite readily .2 . The cord is not modular on the handset and a wire broke inside within 1 month of owning it . This made the phone useless . All I can use it for now is to ring.Bad choice of wiring design , modular on both ends would have been a better choice .
 It looks great on the wall , but the sound is terrible , fuzzy and buzzy . This is my second Crosley wall phone -LRB- the first is about 4 years old -RRB- . The sound quality of the first one is also poor , so I thought I would replace it and get some improvement.WRONG ! I 'll keep the second one as a `` back-up '' in case the first one is ever ripped off ... as I feel I have been .
 I bought this phone because I thought it would look perfect in our white and red kitchen . It did . Unfortunately , the quality of the phone itself left a lot to be desired . There was an annoying fuzzy hum sound on it almost from day one . We thought it was our internet service because we signed up for DSL just before purchasing it . We had no problem with any of the other phones in the home , however . After about 9 months , the hum turned into a static and eventually the phone only worked periodically . We ended up taking it down and having to purchase a new phone . Too bad , really . It looked really cool on the wall !
 Do n't throw you $ away ... brioke within months and we rarely use this phone in the house ... broke in 2 different places !
 At first glance , I loved the phone , it 's long handle on the headset feltright at home . It has a polished grace to it.The first few times the phone worked great , then ... it started cutting out . . The people calling could hear us ... but we could n't hear them . . were we gettingBLOCKED ?! No just could n't hear them , other phones worked fine in the house so -- it was just this phone . Nnnnnnnnnnnever ! know when we wo n't be able to hear . Nota god deal when Half of the fun of a phone call is to HEAR !! the in coming voice.Would Love to have this phone hanging on the wall in my kitchen with my other Chromeappliances , but it NEEDS to work !
 ordered one of these despite the soso reviews . sorry i did , i returned the first one i got because of a buzz on the line , second one does the same thing . but it does look great hanging on the wall . should of just bought an antique real rotary one . would be a pain to dial out , but at least when i talked on it , it would be clear .
 Horrid product
 I bought these as a bit of a splurge , to have some nice quality tacks for art projects.But these have smaller , cheaper looking heads than my old ones -LRB- which I 've had for years -RRB- . Some heads are misshapen , lopsided , off center , and have little flanges of metal left from the two-part mold they came out of.Look under &#34; view and share related images &#34; under the main photo to see my photo comparison of these tacks.I 'm sure these will be absolutely fine for most people 's purposes -- they just are n't the quality tacks I was hoping for.Not worth the hassle to return , will look for the nicer quality ones.I should have read Michael 's 1 star review before purchasing.I like Amazon and all , just wanted to show you what the product looks like , so you wo n't assume -LRB- as I did -RRB- that these would be the same as aluminum headed tacks you 're familiar with .
 Thank you , Nicholas , for your review . I have used the same Moore push pins -LRB- stainless steel shaft with aluminum head -RRB- for many years , over and over with endless projects . I need more of them , and almost bought the cheap copies instead of Moore , just to take advantage of free shipping . Thanks for sparing me the frustration and expense !!
 This product certainly looked pretty on my wall , but that 's about the only positive point . The cord to the handset was short , and had to be replaced for normal use . The handset touchpad places the numbers in two rows of buttons rather than the normal 3 rows , making it hard to find numbers . The letters on the buttons were small and nearly impossible to see while dialing . The phone worked for about 3 or 4 months , and then became gradually more and more static-prone until it stopped working -- and this was with light use , no dropping of the phone , etc. . I finally gave the phone to my young daughter as a toy and went back to a boring but reliable and easy-to-use phone .
 Mine 's did n't work.Vive Le Revolution .
 The baskets are weak and hard to pull out . Not a good buy ! If I paid half the price , I might not feel as bad . Over priced and poorly constructed .
 the one I received needs a lot of sun light to work . If it is morning and is cloudy or if the windows are not wide open it does not work . I think they are much better products for the same price .
 Took long to receive , odd because such small packaging . It was the right thing I was looking for . Good purchase .
 I 'm using this on a painted-wall chalkboard , and it does have a nice quality to writing . My complaint is that out of 12 sticks , only 3 arrived intact , most were broken in two or three places . In hindsight , perhaps mail-order chalk is n't the best idea .
 I bought the phone for the Salvador Daliesque absurdity of the look.Unfortunately it was a little too absurd in that it stopped working 33 days after I received it.I wonder if Amazon will take it back . -LRB- They did ! -RRB-
 I purchased this for my daughter , and when we opened it , and put it in the power line , it did n't work . It did absolutely nothing . I returned it with no problem , and got a new one . this has n't shipped to my house yet , and I 'm hoping it works .
 The tape does n't feed properly , the letters are unclear , and the action of the lever is poor . This item would be a rip-off at $ 4.98 . Find something else .
 I began using it about 2 weeks ago . I use it almost constantly for stamping library names on books . It was great the first week , but now , the ink from the center of the pad is almost depleted . The part of the stamp that touches the center of the pad barely stamps at all anymore even when I apply it to the pad multiple times .
 I began using it about 2 weeks ago . I use it almost constantly for stamping library names on books . It was great the first week , but now , the ink from the center of the pad is almost depleted . The part of the stamp that touches the center of the pad barely stamps at all anymore even when I apply it to the pad multiple times .
 Added to the original amount I paid for this organizer , I would have to buy additional things to make it work the way it should . This was not worth it . I could have bought a new one and gotten what I wanted .
 Ok I new that and bought it anyway otherwise one star . The problem is its so hard to use . Devises like this have undergone so many inprovements I cant begin to tell you how poor this is in 2012 . Do n't buy it , do n't take it for free .
 I 'm sorry I spent my money on a product that did n't work . It downloaded to my computer fast and easily -- the hand held would n't sync with the computer . Perhaps it 's my lack of computer know-how , but there were n't any instructions sent with it . Next time I 'll go to a retailer and not on line .
 On the Amazon website it shows a Carter inkpad and says it is felt . It is NOT , at least from Toyscamp . It is a cheap foam inkpad from china - not Carters
 They shipped me the wrong item , then insisted they did not ... In order for me to return the item I have to pay for return shipping and a restocking charge ... I sent them pictures of what they sent me and it clearly shows it is NOT what is pictured on their website ... Whoever updates their website put the wrong item code for the picture shown ... The photo 's were not proof enough for them ... I was told to pay to return the item and they would make a determination at that time ... You can not put the correct item in a box and basically call me a liar and I am going to pay to return the item to you and see what you decide ? I do n't think so ... I called my credit card company and I am disputing the charges ...
 Buyer Beware !! This alarm clock \ radio \ phone is THE worst designed electronic product ever . It 's impossible at all levels ... programming , efficiency , etc. for example , it 's got a phone receiver that 's IMPOSSIBLE to grasp ... and that 's only one of it 's shortcomings . I bought it because it was inexpensive and included all of the features I was looking for . However , all those wonderful features and low price are ultimately worthless because of poor , poor design .
 This radio wakes you up at a loud sound regardless of how you set it . If you have it set at a low volume level , it 'll wake you and the entire neighborhood at your wake-up time . I just bought it but I 'm throwing it out .
 Phone was easy to install and fit the wall plate ok . The ring of the phone is not loud enought
 I spent alot of time trying to get this thing plugged into and hanging from the wall and when I finally did I had no dial tone . I took it down , reread the instructions and put it back up to no avail . I returned this phone and will not try another Corelco .
 Solid old fashioned phone - just what we were looking for , but the ringer is n't loud enough . We needed simple , rock solid , old fashioned wall phones for a business but the ringer needed to be loud enough for a business too . Otherwise a solid phone with good handset volume .
 I was so excited to order this phone . As soon as it arrived I took it out of the box and hung it on the wall . You could not hear a thing . You can barely hear the dial tone or anyone talking . I am so disappointed . Returned it immediately the same day . They just do n't make things liket they used to . This is also made in the USA . Do n't waste your money and then have to return it . Look for something better .
 The phone did n't work from the first day . Sound quality was very poor , connection between handset and cord was always sketchy . Very disappointed .
 I got the telephone and immediately installed it and checked out whether I could use voice mail on it as that was the reason I was replacing the phone I had . That worked , and it never occurred to me to check the ringer . The telephone does n't ring ! I took it apart but ca n't figure out how to fix it , so plugged a phone into a nearby outlet and use it solely for the ringer . Thankfully I had two outlets on that floor .
 This phone does not work with AT&T DSL wall filter connector . After I made the connection there was no sound no dial tone . I could not made or receive call using this phone . It is absolutely useless .
 received this item yesterday - trust me it is a quality items i was expecting a junky piece of plastic but it is just as you would remember from back in the day . i was very happy to get it but it did not work properly . people could n't hear me so i am trying to exchange it today - i hope im not dissapointed in its replacement . i will let you all know when i get the new one . 4/20/11 Well im back - i received my replacement phone and unfortunately , it does not work . This one seems as im talking in a tunnel and the people i call say i sound like im far away . it is a shame , i love the phone . i will have to find another brand / provider to get what i need .
 I use a Rolodex as a back-up , and also for information I would n't want made public if my BlackBerry was lost or stolen . My old Rolodex was over 20 years old and still performing when it was damaged during a move . This looked like a good replacement , but it 's an example of the crap coming out of China . The paper cards are not even half the thickness of the previous ones . In less than a year , they are already wrinkled . The mechanism for opening and closing the lid is also cheaply made . The only improvement over the old model is the alphabet dividers , which are plastic and more durable than the previous paper ones . I paid for the Rolodex name -LRB- and inherent quality -RRB- , but I did n't get it . If I had n't left it in the box for three months before setting it up , I would have returned it .
 the file box is small enough to be placed in a drawer but large enough to hold what I need . I have enjoyed using this because it stays open to the card I am using . Thank you .
 Note that this indicates that the product ships with `` 200 Sleeves '' . What they actually ship is a Rolodex without the sleeves . If you are looking for a Rolodex that you can slide existing cards into , THIS IS NOT IT . I complained several weeks ago and they have not updated or corrected the product description . Sent mine back .
 Great size and all , but it will not hold 100 cards , as it claims . I have maybe 35 cards in there -LRB- probably less -RRB- , including several credit cards and the lid will not close . I know credit cards are thicker , but I should be able to put more than what I have now ...
 It is nice that this is small , but there are NO replacement cards available any where ... I have been looking for YEARS for these small cards 13/4 X 31/4 and there are NONE to be found . Absolutely useless after you fill all of your cards .
 The product was shipped and received in a timely fashion . Rolodex was damaged when I opened the box.The company -LRB- shoplet -RRB- explains how to return an item , however when I followed the instructions to receive a return code , the program did n't work . There was no phone number to call to reach customer service .
 Nobody carries the replacement cards , ca n't even find them online . -LRB- And here are a few more words to make the 20-word minimum . -RRB-
 The item looks great and has great styling but the flimsy cards are really cheap and thin . Additionally , the cards do n't flip and separate the way they do on the larger models with thicker cards . I think you are better off with a box style
 This Company does not have this in stock right now but they still try to sell it . ?!?!?! I purchased this item over a month ago in late March and they had not shipped yet . I called Discount Office Supplies to see what was going on and they told me that they are out of stock on this item.SO WHY IS IT STILL HERE ?!?!?!?!!? WOW!Thats WRONG !!!!!!!
 Not at all what I expected . Too cheaply made . Some of the tabs were missing . I would not buy again . This item was given away . I am looking for another book for my business cards . I will go to an office supply store next time . Thanks for giving me a chance to complain .
 You can print text by highlighting . However you can not set it up as a standard printer . If you want to intergrate into your applications , you 're limited to selected text and printing it . I have an Avery Label printer which can be setup as a standard printer via the com port .
 Purchased several , had problems each time I tried to install . Poor support . I do NOT recommend . never did get to work with XP !
 Printer adds unneeded space before and after printing . Very difficult to get backing off label .
 A definite do not buy . There are too many limitations and not enough capability as compared to others . I purchased one , then had to buy another model to get the service desired .
 we have only had this rolodex brand for a few years one of the turn knobs broke inside and they say there is no way to replace it so we now have a strong frame as they say and no way to use it hope this makes the next buyer rethink the quality of ROLODEX .
 Did n't realize that some cards did n't come with openings to secure business cards . This one you have to tape or glue your cards in ! And the paperboard is much flimsier than they used to produce . I 'd return but I 've had it too long and seems like too much trouble .
 Ordered replacement cards initially and was disappointed that they were so lightweight . Ordered the Card File thinking the supplied cards would be more rigid . Unfortunately not . The cards as so lightweight that it 's hard to thumb through them . They are nothing like the older ones I was trying to replace .
 Its really cheap . It looks so much nicer on the web then in person . REALLY disappointed and the shipping is way too expensive .
 it is very flemsy . the plastic is thin not at all whai i expected , i would not buy it again
 This is good maybe for a kid who is collecting business cards . But for a professional it is crap . Cheap plastic cover ...
 I used this strictly for business cards . For them to fit I have to cut the top and bottom off of the card so that it fits and then staple it in . Sometimes when I staple a card in , the actual sheet breaks away from the rolodex . This is not the most sturdy rolodex.Saying this , it is helpful and lets me find my contacts very quickly ... after taking the time to cut the cards .
 Does n't compare to the MADE IN AMERICA Rolodex I used 20 years ago . Sloppy construction , difficult to rotate , cards fall out , stick together , and tear easily . MADE IN CHINA SUCKS !
 The rotary file came without plastic sleeves to slip business cards into . To make matters worse , I could n't find plastic sleeves to fit the cards that came with the file . Sleeves for the size cards that come with the file are not being made any more . SOME BARGAIN
 He ca n't separate the pages so its not a good thing for an older person . Wish I could make it work for him .
 I purchased this item in order to be able to place business cards inside so they were easily accessible . The card sizes do not accommodate business cards therefore creating more work to either type out the info or write it out by hand . I would not purchase this product again .
 The item serves it 's purpose - it sits on my desk , right at my fingertips , and I want all of my contacts available if I have to change jobs again . Not in an electronic database on the company 's computer or cell phone . That being said , this thing is Very Bulky - a lot bigger than it appears in the picture . I keep it open so as to minimize the appearance of the size . It looks like a huge globe when closed .
 I need to return this item . I opened it but have not been happy with the awkward turning of the knobs . It just seems uncomfortable and too large for my desk . Love the looks , love the fact that I can cover it for a neater look but just do not like having to turn the dial . Not easy finding the cards . Seems easier to use my fingers .
 I am a constant Amazon customer , and this is my first negative review . This Covered Rolodex arrived with many of the Index Guides missing . While this may be nothing more than a few dollars of annoyance in an urban environment , in a rural location , it 's not so easy to correct .
 I would be very wary of the positive reviews on this product . I find it hard to believe that such a piece of garbage could be thought of so highly . First off , you must hold the top down to get the item being laminated through the machine . This would be a minor inconvenience if this was the only problem . The really bad news is that the laminate bubbles horribly , and it is hazy rather than clear . How anyone would use this for photos is beyond me . Next , the magnetic backing does n't stick at all to whatever your laminating . It just falls right off . There is absolutely nothing worthwhile about this piece of junk . I bought this based on the reviews of the others here . Shame on them for misleading people in this way . If you want to use this as an arts and crafts type of toy for pre-kindergarteners , maybe . For serious use , never . Spend the extra money and get a quality heat laminating machine .
 You cant find the double sided lamination cartridge for it anymore its been discontinued . That really upset me because I bought this machine just to laminate stuff !
 The pictures make it look so much bigger than it really is . It is n't big enough to laminate an 8x10 piece of paper . It looks like its more for pictures or small things . My husband was so disappointed , we 'll probably end up selling the thing without using it , because he needed one for normal-sized papers . Very disappointed . Lesson learned that we 'll get the measurements and not go off of price the next time we buy something .
 I am surprised at the lack of available business card punches for business use . Especially being that Rolodex is in such wide use . This product is totally useless . Cheap unworkable plastic . Their seems to be nothing else on the market available for this use . Using this product to punch a group of business cards would take me a month . Not even worth returning . I can not believe it even has the market name Rolodex on the package . A Rolodex endorsement of this product is hard to believe . Ray
 Cheap plastic that has no way to line up cards to the edge . Does not punch through index card stock well . Leaves ragged edge . Do n't waste your money.I wish I could have seen this in the store before purchasing but the local Staples did not carry hole punches for rolodex.The only good thing I can say about this item was the fast shipping .
 I received a 150 page record book rather than the 300 page record book that I ordered . There is a significant price difference in the two . I did not have the advantage of time to send the incorrect order back to be replaced with the correct order . hence the extra charge for expedited delivery . When feedback provided previously , no response received . Very disappointed .
 I bought these A-Z tabs to replace the worn out ones on my heirloom rolodex , which I love , despite having an I - phone with card recognition app . etc , they are too small!They dont protrude over the card holders & they are the only code number for the dividers on Amazon & Rolodex websites , whats going on with Rolodex ???
 As a scientist I used to swear by these lab notebooks , until the last few started falling apart by the time I was through with them . When I tried to take the company up on their money back guarantee all I got was a deafening silence . Their quality -LRB- and customer service -RRB- is certainly not what it used to be .
 I have been purchasing this particular item since 1968 and have accumulated around 17 of them . I have noted a steady decline in paper quality that started in the early 1990s and continues to my latest purchase just a few weeks ago . The problem is excessive bleed-through . For thirty years , I was able to use fountain pens , ranging in quality from dollar pens in the early days to high-end Mont Blanc . The bleed-through got so bad , I had to switch to gel pens . That worked until my most recent purchase . Now they , too , bleed-through ... not just through the page , but onto the face of the next as well.Note that the retail cost at the stationery store in 1968 was $ 8 . I would n't mind paying today 's higher price if the quality was comparable . Another case of `` pay more , get less . '' In this case , way less . The slip that comes with the book states they 'll replace a defective volume . I do n't think that will solve the problem of using inferior quality materials in manufacturing the product.I 'll re-post if there 's a happy resolution.Jan . 13 , 2013 . Alas , there was no happy resolution . A letter sent to the address given on the label on the inside front cover came back from the post office as undeliverable . Nice . I got on the parent corp. website and used their comment form to make a pointed and detailed complaint . Never got a response.If it were possible , I 'd give this product negative stars . I got out my best fountain pen and tried it on this latest volume . The diffusion on the page was so bad , you could n't read what I had written or printed . The ink bled through to the back of the page and onto the face of the next page . So I grabbed the volume I bought in 1968 and tried out the same pen/ink combination . The lines were crisp and thin -LRB- fine point nib -RRB- with a wonderful `` feel '' to writing on the paper . Absolutely NO diffusion on the page or even the slightest hint of bleed-through . So it 's not the pens , not the ink ; it 's the horribly cheap paper . The perverse thing is that I 'd be willing to pay ten times the 1968 cost for 1968 quality . Like many things these days , you end up paying a ton more and end up getting a ton less . Again , NEGATIVE STARS IF IT WERE POSSIBLE.February 20 , 2013 . I 'm told by an engineer in the pulp & paper industry that the problem is due to the widespread use of newsprint in the production of recycled paper AND the excessive use of kaolinite . I must defer to others for the scientific validity of this opinion . The engineer offered that the high quality paper used in the late sixties and early seventies is simply unavailable . You might use this as a metaphor for the general abysmal quality of goods and services we all now experience in one way or another .
 This fax is aweful . The other reviewer is correct - the roll does rip . And the paper feed is always jamming . Got one three page fax to go through and it jams on everything else . Save your money .
 The people who wrote the positive reviews for this must work for Sharp . I trusted the reviews and ordered a machine . What a mistake ! I 've had it for only a month . I was able to make less than 20 copies on the machine before the ink roll ran out . The ink roll is a sheet of what is like the old fashioned mimmeograph sheets our teachers used to make copies , loosely rolled on a cheap plastic cylinder . It 's hard to load and feels like it could easily rip . I would never recommend this machine to anyone !!!
 I bought a Sharp UXP115 Fax Machine , and it is a cheap and bad fax machine . I dont think to buy again , the bond paper is expensive and it is very complicated to remove and put it on the carbon paper inside the fax ... I have broken simple plastic pieces in the change of reposition carbon paper ... very fragil ... and it do not support more than 5 paper sheet in the paper tray ... it is the worst fax in the world .
 I hate this machine , it worked for maybe a year and then it started jamming every time I attempt to send or recieve a fax . Get a higher quality fax machine . This machine is garbage .
 This fax machine is a terrible product and proof that buying something on the cheap is a bad idea . I 've had this fax machine for three years and utterly hate it . If I was n't so broke I 'd buy something else .
 I bought one of these last year for HALF the price it 's listed at now -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- . It 's just a # @ ## !! ## notebook ! I 'd feel like a fool to buy one of these ever again , at this ludicrous price .
 I was told in a email question to the seller that these labels were waterproof on ink jet printer . They are not . The package specifies they only work on laser jet . The seller would not take a return of the labels and told me I should have done more research on the product and that the buyer should beware . Not a good Amazon merchant . I can not speak as to how the labels would work on a laser printer .
 I was looking for something that would make a nice note card . but this is pretty thin stock . It is hard to find note cards for laser printers -LRB- not just ink stock -RRB- . it is just slightly heavier than 80 lb paper .
 I recieved my order and was shocked to find that the contents looked like it had been run over by a truck!The package was damaged , and when I opened it , one corner of all thirty pageswas bent . This means that out of the sixty cards I recieved only thirty of them will be suitable for printing.Not Happy !
 I usually buy bulk labels from Uline but needed some in a hurry so I picked these up instead . I 've only used half of them , if that , because they constantly get stuck in the feeder of my laser printer . I 'm not a printer expert but the process of these going through the printer softens the label and thus it 's not stiff enough to complete the pass through . Sometimes it works , but most times it does n't . My other labels not specifically for laser , nor are they weatherproof , work consistently 100 % of the time . These double my work and have left me hanging with many a package to ship . Major fail . Do n't waste your time or money ; just get regular labels from Uline.com
 I am really disappointed with the color options for extra wide dividers . I do n't like the blaring colors and would much more prefer the trendy neutral and pastel choices -LRB- of every other product out there EXCEPT extra wide dividers ... -RRB- . It 's really frustrating that avery and other brands have not caught on to what the trends are ... please fix !!!!!
 The paper is cheap and when you print off the images they look cheap.The perforations hardly even work.They do n't even provide a downloadable file with the proper template . In the instructions , you are told to print a copy on white paper and then HOLD IT NEXT to the avery paper to see if it will copy correctly . I could hardly believe it.Total waste of money .
 WHEN I BOUGHT THIS UNIT THE DISCRIPTION THEY GAVE WAS OAK NOT OAK LAMINATE , SO THE REAL PRICE COULD NOT HAVE BEEN 691.00 AS MARKED DOWN IF THEY HAD SAID IT WAS A HYBRID I WOULD NOT HAD PURCHASED THIS UNIT . THIS WILL BE MY LAST PURCHASE FROM YOUR COMPANY BECAUSE OF THE LIE.THANK YOU AND HAPPY NEW YEAR .
 I bought these dividers a while back at Walgreens when I needed dividers for my school work because I did not have one with my binder . The colors are indeed cool , and still are vibrant even after inserting white paper labels inside them . What I did n't like was that they only lasted about two months . The first one to go was the front one . I was n't suprised that the front one was the first one to go , but it 's that it only was two months ... I expect longer lasting dividers than that . The bottom ring broke , though this was fixable . About a few days later , the top ring was broken . This was also fixable , but looked very tacky . Afterwards , the back one just broke off . That was barely fixable , but it worked , for about a day . Then the front one just broke off . Then all of them either broke off or they only had one or two rings left . I do n't keep that much papers in my binder , maybe around 200 pages . That does seem like a lot , but that 's only about a pack of paper . Very dissappointed with these . I will be buying another brand next time Avery !!!
 I had a few leftover note cards of this exact same product -LRB- 8317 -RRB- that I had bought about 5 years ago to test my newly created thank-you card artwork . I was excited to see the result , so right away purchased two more boxes and started to print them out using the exact same files and settings on my printer . Right away I noticed a degradation in quality . The new paper can not accept ink as well leaving obvious noise , grain , speckles -LRB- whatever you want to call it -RRB- . I checked all settings and maintenance on the printer , the computer , etc. , etc. , but all I had to do was print the exact same image on the old paper to get the desired result . I now have 120 clearly degraded image-quality thank-you cards to send my customers . Just avoid this company altogether if you are looking for a premium product .
 I tend to only leave reviews if a product is really great or really bad . This is definitely really bad ! After going to Avery 's website to get the template , I had to fight to get things aligned . I finally got it right from side to side , but the template would n't let me adjust the height of the cells , so everything printed at the bottom of the tab , and `` y '' and `` g '' went onto the next tab . I also just noticed that the tabs themselves are too tall for the Avery self-adhesive file tabs that I bought to go with them!All in all , a terrible product with a terrible template . And if you read through all of the Q&A ; 's on Avery 's website about how to work with this product , all of the answers from an Avery Representative basically say `` too bad - that 's how it is '' .
 Perhaps this issue has been fixed in more recent versions of Word , but I do not recommend these for use with Word 2003 . Word 2003 does not appear to have an exact template for this Avery product and instead you have to use a general `` 1/3 cut tab file folder '' template -- this causes the data to print just barely off and as a result about half of my lines were printed right on a perforation line , preventing me from being able to read the information . Not the time saver I had hoped for at all !
 I purchased this product because the description said I could label these dividers with my computer , using the Avery Templates at Avery.com . The only problem with that is , the Avery dividers I bought do n't seem to exist on the Avery.com website . If you are looking for help with printing on these , this is not your product .
 I do not understand the good reviews . Maybe I am just not that good with my printer . But I did not find the software all that easy to use , I could not get the printer to properly calibrate so the cards were not lined up properly , the sheets did not want to feed through my printer , the color coverage in particular was not good , but neither was the black , I tried doing a photo on the card and it really came out badly , the card stock seems heavy enough to me , but it does not seem like good business card stock would be , black and white came out better than color , but still not that good , etc. . To me the final product looks nothing like a professional business card would look . These might do if you were running a lawn cutting service or something and did not want customers to think that you were overcharging , but they are going to send the wrong signal for any professional . The no perforation separation did work well and is pretty impressive . Strikes me as an interesting product that is not there yet . I am going to give the ink jet version a try . May that will be better . I really do not understand how others did better with this than I did , but to me these were pretty much a complete waster of time and money . No way I would give out these cards . I would write out my contact information by hand before I did . Just not at all up to snuff .
 Interesting product but Avery simply refuses to tell you the Paperweight of the product and nice heavyweight paper can easily be too heavy for your printer .
 This is a terrible product and no one else should be burdened by purchasing it and trying to make it work . 14 of 20 pages self-destructed in my printer , making the cost-per-card extremely expensive . Alright that it can only be printed one color at a time -LRB- or it screws up the black -RRB- . Alright that it breaks out so cleanly . Would someone like to come fish out the cards scattered helter-skelter throughout my printer ?!? Oh , and what about the wasted ink on those lovely throw-aways ? That the final sheet is now stuck inside my very expensive printer is the final straw . Do * not * buy this .
 I have not found DIY business cards that are thicker than these by Avery . So I guess Avery 's product is decent . The edges do tear nice and smoothly . However , keep in mind that these cards are not quite as thick as professional business cards . A stack of 20 Avery cards will measure about 4.5 mm -LRB- 9 pt . thickness per card or 65 lb . weight -RRB- vs. a stack of 20 professional cards will measure 7.5 mm -LRB- 15 pt . thickness per card or about 115 lb . weight -RRB-
 Hi , these cards are great if your a designer and looking to see what your design will look like on a business card before sending to the print shop . But at the cost versus benefit of these cards I would pay 10-15 $ $ more and go to a cheap online print house . Their card stock will be more professional . But if you are looking to get a sample out to of a business card these will work .
 Length :
 I took a chance on this product after reading several not-so-favorable reviews . My reasoning was that I have a very nice four-color laser printer and figured maybe the alignment issues mentioned in other reviews were due to misaligned heads or cheaper printers with lazy feeders . Wrong . I have the same issues with alignment . One page will print fine and the next will not , this is really due to the fact that even off-set presses have alignment issues but are corrected in the trimming . Trying to print within such exacting parameters on every page just doesnt work well at all for single sheet fed printers . I have resorted to buying simple card stock and will print cards with corner guides and use a guillotine cutter to line it up right .
 Do n't purchase this if you are looking for a DATED calendar . I was thrilled to find a planner that also had a full page of notebook paper on the right hand side . However , what you ca n't see from the photos , and is missing on at least one of the descriptions on the search engine is that this planner is UNDATED .
 I thought what a cool idea a left handed planner . When I got the planner it was poorly packed and the item was completely destroyed . Now I have to go to the post office and spend the money to send the destroyed product back which is n't even worth the 16 bucks . So now I have a worthless destroyed planner it would have been easier to set fire to 16 bucks and go down to staples and get an undestroyed planner which I am going to have to do now .
 It would have been nice if the item had had images , relatively close up images of it , the format , pages etc. . I could not honestly make a buying decision from the word description .
 very cheap plastic and very poor quality paper , overall you would be better just to use a nice notebook or go with a different planner .
 I wish it would have made it clear that there are not 200 pages of actual daily planning . A bulk of the pages are information and phone logs . I was hoping to at least fit six months of planning in it , but was only able to use April - June . I am disappointed .
 Description says '25 sets . '' There are only 5 sets in the box . So the ad is , to say the least , misleading .
 I bought the cabinet awhile ago now and the first thing I noticed was that the `` lock '' was plastic , the second was that it did n't even reach the slot made for it to keep the door closed . Now I 've started noticing that the front doors are sagging from the weight of the DVD 's inside . Not worth it , and is n't worth taking with on a move .
 The lock on the left side of the cabinet is in a stupid place . In order to unlock or lock , you have to remove the DVD 's on the top shelf to do it , if you do n't lock it , then the door will swing open . I had to purchase another locking system to keep the door from swinging open . Plus there is a plank of wood you put in the cabinet right in front of your DVD 's you have no idea what the movies are until you take two or three out to get at it . I am wondering is this piece necessary ?
 The would is nice and it seems not to stress when full . other then that not much good to report . I should take about a half hour to build but because the directions are so bad that it will take you hours . There a step that you set the center beam and it gives you what holes to use for cds and dvd then it says adjust for vhs 9 inch boxes and other height but this is one of the first steps its like ask you to fit your set in a car when you only have the 4 wheels on.They could not spend anther few cents to put magnets on door so they do not open by themselves . You will have to go buy them yourself.this could be nice if they spent a little bit more time on this.get some bookends and magnets will help a lot . because of how its made the magnets have to line up with the outer frame of the door not near the lock end.this need work . if your paying over $ 230 your paying to much .
 I placed an order for Avery Index Maker Dividers , 5-Tab , White , 5 Sets -LRB- 11408 -RRB- . What I received is green tabs instead of the white as listed in ad . I needed to get the report out so used one set of the green though it was not my preferred tab color .
 These kind of items are a necessity , AND when I saw 1 cent I thought `` wow how 's possible ? '' WELL I 'll tell you how ... the postage and handling is $ 5 lol . I got more of the same type at $ 1.69 -LRB- 5 Tabs -RRB- with FREE shipping . You decide ! I did .
 The cover and size of these books are just about right . They could be a little larger . However the cheap paper and the perforated pages make this product less than desirable . I will not buy these again .
 When my Blueline NotePro arrived this morning , I was truly disappointed . Very cheap paper and for the money , not worth it ! I was going to use it as a journal , since I prefer the quad paper , but it 's just too cheap looking.Save your money .
 Ordered this for a big presentation I had , it was a waste of money . We have a printer that meets the specifications outlined , the only one being that it be used with a printer that prints 11 `` x17 '' . We have a Konica -LRB- bizbub c452 -RRB- which is capable of printing on card stock.I tried using this in the tray with varying stock setting and in the by-pass try . 1 or 2 came out good and then jam . I 'd modify and repeat , same results . Finally moved it over to a desktop printer , same results . Finally gave up after wasting about an hour on this.Maybe the results will be different on an inkjet ... This idea is fabulous , a pretty inexpensive way to customize all sorts of presentations and there is a CD included -LRB- no install required -RRB- that very easily allows you to format , but not at the expense of the time required , or for that matter the amount of product you end up wasting.Now I just want a refund .
 After printing with my HP Color LaserJet 4600 , the labels smudged . Exactly , what I didnt want b/c I used them to create binders for the company that I work for . The selling point for me was that I no longer had to have my chicken scratch handwriting on the tabs of my business 's binder tabs.Also , I felt that the labels were not easy to apply at all ! It was time consuming and frustrating , especially if I did n't place them down perfectly straight on my first attempt to stick the labels .
 I tried this product and liked it very much , but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs !!! On Avery 's web site they have their Consumer Service Center shown as Brea , California . I called the number listed -LRB- 1-800-462-8379 -RRB- and was given several choices of support . There is an option for templates and software , products , and all other issues . Any of the options you choose whether you 're calling from the US or Canada will route you to their `` call center '' in Manilla , Philippines . In addition , all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China , not Brea , California , USA . I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products . It would be really nice if Avery was up-front on their web site and list their `` Consumer Service Center '' as Manilla ;o-RRB- ************************************************** My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the `` Consumer Service Center '' in Manilla : I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0 to help me make the labels . It took some time to download and install , but well worth the time . The wizard was easy to use . I was able to use a big text size and printed the row of 5-tab labels quickly and easy.Once I had my labels printed out , I was able to lay down the row of tab sheets -LRB- you can not do this if the tabs are already in the notebook -RRB- , align , rub-down into place , and then peel away the outside edging . If you have a lot of tabs to make at once this product would be very helpful . You get 10 sets of 5-tab rows per sheet.On the other hand , I still like using the Avery 612797 tabs which has 80 tabs per sheet and better for times when you just need to print a couple tabs .
 I am not impressed . Sure , if you manage to get it just right , your tabs will look gorgeous . But it is SO difficult to get right ! I would n't recommend these tabs ... old school dividers with tabs that you can either write on or print out label for are MUCH easier and more practical for most uses .
 To use this product , first of all you have to download a template from the Avery website . Not necessarily a bad thing , but a time drain if you 're on a time crunch putting together the final steps of a presentation . Then when you do have the template you find that the spaces you have to type your title in are ridiculously small - you have to play with font and size until it fits . Again , another time drain . In my case , the ultimate failure was that the tabs did not extend past the edge of my paper in the binder , making it look as if there was any organization . This required a mad rush to the local office supply store to purchase the old fashioned type of tabs , which looked much better . I would not recommend this product at all .
 This unit did not work when I received it . I gave the seller the benefit of the doubt and bought a new Panasonic 2025 battery for it . It still did not work . I emailed the seller , and informed her it did not work . She provided a vague reply , regarding my need to , `` perhaps '' , send it back to her such that she could see if she could `` get it to work '' . I 've not received any further instructions , such as an address to mail it back . I 'm skeptical she can get this device to work , unless she has a degree in electrical engineering and a workshop that 's much better equipped than mine is . I will avoid doing business with this individual , she has been unreliable .
 If you have ever used the `` Easy Apply '' labels in the past , you 'll be surprised to learn that Avery redesigned the `` Easy Apply '' label strips . I 'm not sure why they did this , but the new format does n't fit the actual tabs on the dividers , so you 're left with approximately 2 millimeters of excess clear label hanging off the end of the divider . Okay , so you figure you can just stick them on manually , right ? Well , that is much more difficult than the old format where you applied each label individually because of the `` Easy Strip , '' which is designed to stick to the `` Easy Apply '' strip . Overall , I would STRONGLY advise any consumer AGAINST purchasing this product until Avery 's product development team redesigns the `` Easy Apply '' format , and who knows when that will be ?
 The picture is wrong , and it does n't say anywhere except in the obscure , shorthand SKU code , but this item is Avery Index Maker , Laser , 3-Hole Punched , 8 Tab , White , 25-Set , with EZ Apply label sheets . I think.I 'm a technical writer in a deadline-driven engineering environment , and I ca n't take the chance that it 's something else , so I 'm ordering from a company that states clearly exactly what I 'm buying .
 These tabs are extremely frustrating . They do not stay stuck in place and will constantly peel up and get caught on other pages .
 the reason why I brought this online and not at staples is because they did n't have the specific colors I wanted anymore . But when I have receive the item it was the same colors as the ones selling at staples and the ones they have at the avery website . Im very upset and I cant return them because the shipping price is very expensive ...
 These folders are great for organizing notebooks that require you to keep papers that are not able to be hole-punched . They are sturdy and with the double pockets , allow for extra storage . The tabs are easy to insert and change as needed and large enough to find the folder you need when you need it .
 I was ordering a set of cartridges which I thought were all going to be from Xerox and not some refill or cloned product . When I got the black cartridge which showed as being -LRB- Xerox 106R00675 Black Hi Cap -RRB- online , it was actually some cloned product not even in a Xerox box , and the bag it was in was not even sealed . Anyway , I do n't like to be mislead .
 I think all products like this depend on how you use them . I keep my notebook open on my desk all day taking notes and flipping back and forth from prior notes.For this use the cons are : * Thin cover bows and wo n't close flat after weeks of use . * The pages are thin and the corners roll up and fold over with repeated use . * Date and Page tags on each page are wasted space for me . * I would prefer 8 `` x10 '' size instead of the 7.25 '' by 9.25 `` For me the Pros are : * Paper is nice to write on with Zebra Sarsa 0.7 mm black . No bleed through . * Ruling is about 7mm per line which is ok for me .
 I thought they were sending 25 sets of A-Z dividers . Only one set ... way overpriced . Returned it .
 I needed to start at a number higher than 1 and ca n't set the wheel as described in the directions . I now have an expensive paper weight instead of a numbering machine .
 These struck me as old stock . They were quite stiff . They fell off my sheet covers right away . I imagined larger ones .
 Although having paper already punched with holes for a planner to print my Outlook calendar is a great idea , this product is not as helpful as the old version , which is no longer available , because the holes are punched in the wrong places for 2-sided printing . They are punched at the left for both pages -LRB- 1st page near left side of page - landscape-and 2nd page in the center -RRB- . I ca n't imagine who would want single sided calendar print-outs to insert into a planner - too many pages - too bulky . However , I have not been able to find a way to print on both sides using the paper as it comes . When trying to print many pages in `` 1/2 page booklet '' style , the pages come out facing the wrong way because of where the holes are punched . The holes would need to be on the right for 1st page -LRB- near center -RRB- and on the left for 2nd page -LRB- also near center -RRB- to print double-sided in `` 1/2 page booklet '' style . Therefore , the only way I have found to print them double-sided , using this paper , is to separate the pages and print the first sides , and then manually turn the paper over and print the 2nd sides . More often , I end up printing my calendar on regular letter size paper in `` 1/2 page booklet '' style , and then punching holes with a 7-hole punch I purchased from Day Timer . Big disappointment .
 I purchased this cabinet specifically because I wanted a _ locking _ DVD cabinet , but the lock broke within a month . The cabinet is sturdy enough though , so screwing on a padlock seemed to work as a quick fix .
 The product was mispresented . Mentions it is a 5000-sheet carton , but is only actually advertising one ream of paper for $ 17.45 plus shipping . Rip off!Needs to correct their ad .
 Prior to purchasing anything from Spinkeeper Stores , I suggest you contact there customer service at -LRB-800-RRB-986-1610 . They have best price guarantees on there own website , but it is cheaper on Amazon . This company makes me very skeptical . They were very rude when it comes to customer service , and before you purchase anything make sure you can return it . THANKS AGAIN FOR THE HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 although i did not buy it through amazon , still wanted to warn prospective buyers about this item .1 . the good - it 's really a great configuration , unlike any other i saw online and at the stores - 3 shallow drawers and one hanging file drawer . i find it much better than a very common 2 ` medium-shallow ' and 1 hanging file drawers . it 's slightly taller than average , so make sure it fits under your desk before you purchase . i had to cut legs by about 1 '' to make it fit under mine , but it 's not a problem , i knew about it when i was buying it , took half an hour with a hand saw to shorten . . of course another plus is that it 's made from real wood . and the price is right .2 . the bad - the quality of this thing is very poor . it 's badly aligned , all around , and the sliding drawer was way off . i had to take out one of the sliding tracks , insert about a 1/8 '' -LRB- ! -RRB- plank -LRB- paint stirrer worked , luckily -RRB- , and screw it back with better screws , while using glue to take care of small cracks developed where the screws went in.another small annoyance - the filing cabinet can be used only with hanging folders , it does n't have floor , nor walls , only frame . and it 's not very big . lots of reviews mention it , was n't an issue for me.so the verdict is - great configuration , astonishingly poor construction . buy only if you are handy .
 is like they took all the scraps with knots to make this piece and not even try to hide the flaws on inside ... front file cabinet door and the top both have putty on edges ... this will fall out soon and already looks like crap with knots on the edges ... front top has severe snipe on front edge ... is where was kicked into right verticle on the moulder as last few inches of board ... should not be part of front of file cabinet top ... i need new to top an file cabinet drawer ... are other issues also
 At first I was impressed by the heavy weight solid wood , but the construction has proven to be shoddy and the cabinet is not holding up . The wooden `` tracks '' that the drawers run on are too short so the drawers come off the track and get stuck . Also , one of the handles has come off 3 times already . I have only had it about 6 months and I am already looking for a replacement .
 I just assembled this cabinet . It took 2-3 hours . Its quite elegant , and will be sturdy AFTER I have made some modifications . Although it is generally well designed , there is a glaring design fault . In carpentery 101 at school , I was taught that it is not possible to secure a good join between 2 pieces of wood if it involves screwing into end-grain . It just does not work well . I notice that ALL of the screw joints on this cabinet involve screwing into end-grain . I was rather amazed when I saw this . I thought that maybe the manufacturer is using some special wood that will somehow enable this joining method to work . During assembly , sure enough , 4 or 5 screw threads stripped in the wood . I had to be ultra careful not to tighten too strongly otherwise more would have stripped . I will have to undo and fill with glue , the holes with stripped threads . I can do this easily and effectively enough , but not everyone is confident/competent to do this.The price was good for a handsome cabinet but I give only two stars due to the cheap and shoddy joint design .
 DO NOT PURCHASE THIS CABINET.I have ordered and assembled many , many pieces of furniture . It 's not always easy to put something like this together and I understand that I should expect each piece to have quirks . That being said , the experience of putting this cabinet together made it to my list of `` Top 3 WORST Pieces I 've Assembled . '' If I 'd known what I was in for -LRB- 4 hours of assembly ! -RRB- I would have shipped it back immediately and demanded a refund.The problems started right off the bat.First , there are pre-drilled holes in the feet so you can screw them to the base of the cabinet . One of the pre-drilled holes turned out to be too shallow ! I literally had to re-drill the hole . -LRB- If you do n't happen to have your own drill , this product is n't for you . Actually , it is n't for anyone who wants a quality piece of furniture . -RRB- Second , there are pre-cut grooves in the cabinet that the back needs to slide in to . Those grooves are along the top and sides of the cabinet . If they do n't line up properly , your cabinet wo n't come together . Surprise ! They did n't line up . I disassembled the cabinet and reassembled it a couple of times to make sure that I was following the instructions correctly . I was . The problem is in the shoddy workmanship of the company that makes this cabinet . It dawned on me that I should send it back , but my daughter insisted that we finish putting it together . So I literally had to get out my chisel and widen the pre-cut grooves to make the back fit . -LRB- If you do n't happen to have your own chisel , this product is n't for you . Actually , it is n't for anyone who wants a quality piece of furniture . -RRB- Finally , there are pre-drilled holes on the back of each drawer so you can screw the knob on to the front of the drawer . Three of the four drawers were like that . The fourth had a pre-drilled hole on the front AND back of the drawer . -LRB- See my previous remark about shoddy workmanship . -RRB- This meant the screw was n't the right length to screw the knob on . I had to go through my large canister of miscellaneous screws to find one that would do the job . -LRB- If you do n't happen to have your own canister of miscellaneous screws , this product is n't for you . Actually , it is n't for anyone who wants a quality piece of furniture . -RRB- The bottom line
 This item arrived promptly . I put it together and the back does n't line up properly , this means that the whole thing does n't really tighten up that well , when you try to tighten it the screws eventually strip . The screws for the knobs are not long enough so need to be glued . It is a cute piece and I have several others from this brand but this one was a bit disappointing .
 We ordered this product which came quickly but was damaged . A replacement was sent and it was also damaged plus some parts were missing . We did n't think it would do any good to send it back so we requested replacement parts from the manufacturer . It will take 4 to 6 weeks for them to get here . If we ever get to use it , it might be a nice piece . We 'll see .
 The wood -LRB- some sort of soft wood -RRB- is not uniformly sanded or varnished . Streaks in the varnish are evident from about 2-3 feet away and the surface is rough to the touch . Assembly was more tedious than anticipated since the milling quality is also poor . Assembly of one of the drawers was not possible without first using a chisel to expand the grove that holds the drawer bottom . Also , one of the two long rods for use of the file drawer with letter sized hanging files was missing from the package . Since the file drawer does not have a bottom a missing long rod is a big deal because the drawer is completely useless unless you have/intend to use legal size hanging files .
 The quality was good . The directions to put it together was a nightmare , nothihg was labeled only a picture . I never expected the bottom drawer not to have a bottom , sides , or back ! I expected at least one drawer to lock . If it werent so much trouble to take apart I would send it back ! Maybe I can remake the bottom drawer and use it for something else . It wont work for a file cabinet for me .
 This is one of the worst products I 've ever touched . I expected the something similar to the temporary tattoos one would buy at a toy store or get in a box of crackerjacks . Instead this product is more like a very complicated sticker . You print to one sheet -LRB- making a blurry image -RRB- , then transfer to a second sheet that you apply to your body with the aid of the typical wet sponge . Rather than the ink transfer you 'd expect , you get a clear sheet of plastic glued to your arm . Not only was the result not what I expected , but within 2 hours my suffocating skin began turning blue and red . When I removed the tattoo , merely two hours after application , I was left with a bruise for days and a red mark lasting for weeks . This is a horrible product and I think it would be dangerous to children . Save yourself the trouble and do n't waste your money .
 The tattoos turn out terrible . I wasted my time coming up with some team artwork to put on these , then made some . It is more like a clear sticker on the arm , not like a tattoo . And it does n't stick very well . I wo n't use them .
 This is the WORSE product ever and should be pulled off the market . Flat out : IT 's A LIE ... You go crazy trying to figure out how it can possibly transfer ink to your skin as it states `` A TATTOO . '' It 's not so stop going crazy it 's not you trying to make it work , it wo n't . The only thing it does is leave a sticky plastic DECAL on your skin . Ridiculous ! They should just say DECALS not TATTOOs . Bogus as I wasted hours trying to make it work thinking I was duing something wrong . If you want a prouct that works get this
 YOU REALLY SHOULDNT GET THIS PRODUCT ! IT IS THE MOST HORRIBLE THING EVER . IF YOU WANT TATTOOS GO TO THE BUBBLE GUM MACHINES BEFORE YOU GO TO THIS !
 There 's no actual art included in the package , just the Tattoo paper . You 'll need to find clip art from somewhere else , copy and paste to another program in order to make an entire sheet of the Tatto 's before it 's worth printing . There 's probably a lot better product on the market that would be more user friendly .
 I bought these labels -LRB- 750 of them in a pack -RRB- expecting to use the downloadable template to print on them . The template is only for Word 2007 so the labels are totally worthless to me . Avery suckers you into buying the labels with the promise of using a template to print the labels , but then the template will only work with one version of one software program . I work for a bank and our software programs are tested for security . Unfortunately Word 2007 is n't approved for use by my company .
 Although this lap desk blocks the heat , my laptop still overheats . I wish the design had something to keep the laptop from sitting directly down on the surface . Also the surface is slick and I have a hard time keeping my laptop from sliding around . If I had it to do over , I would try the Xpad instead .
 I bought one of these Lapinators because of the claims that it keeps your laptop cooler and better ventilated . I had had occasional problems with my laptop overheating in the past -LRB- I have a Toshiba Satellite -RRB- and thought this would solve the problem . Well , instead it had the opposite effect , in that every time I placed my laptop on the Lapinator , within minutes my laptop would overheat and crash . So I sent the thing back , even though it took over an hour of my time plus the expense of additional postage -LRB- and no refund on the original shipping fees -RRB- , mainly so I could be free of a guilty conscience by not adding more non-biodegradable plastic to the landfills . Save your money , your time and the landfills by buying something else .
 The lapinator is used for keeping the heat from your notebook PC at bay while the laptop is on your lap.It does a great job of that . It keeps my lap cooler than the very thick hardcover book I used to use.BUT : The surface is very slick - think Teflon coated pan slick . So , even though my Thinkpad has rubber feet , it slides right off the thing if it is at any angle at all.Lapinators solution - three large clunky rubber stick on things - do not work very well . The laptop still slides around in front . Worse , even the rubber things ca n't stick to the surface for long . After a day or two , I noticed they started to migrate . I think when they adhesive gets warm , they start to slide . After a couple of weeks , one of them wo n't even stick anymore.In retrospect , it seems clear the Lapinator folks know they have a design problem . My guess is they are trying to sell off the supplies of their super-slick surface before they come out with Lapinator II.Until they do , I would avoid this product .
 I 'm not very impressed with this item . Heat from laptop is felt though lapinator making it uncomfortable to use as designed . Not worth the money .
 I am sending the Lapinator Plus back . After an hour or so of my son playing an online game the Lapinator Plus warped so much in the center that it blocked the vents in my Toshiba Satellite laptop causing it to overheat and shut down . The Lapinator gets very hot on the top surface when using our laptop even with the 3 bumpers placed at the top for more air flow . The top surface of the Lapinator is some type of plastic -LRB- reminds me of a notebook binder -RRB- that is very thin . After the Lapinator cooled down it went back to an almost flat position with no marks on the surface.The Lapinator does a very good job at protecting your legs from heat if you put a `` Cedar board on top the Lapinator bumpers it also will not overheat this way . Very little heat goes threw to your legs even when using for hours . But a person should not have to alter a product they have paid over $ 25 for just so it does not warp . The Lapinator could be a very good product it they would redesign it with a heavier top that will not warp -LRB- which will transfer the heat to your legs even less -RRB- when using with a laptop that produces a lot of heat .
 Since I 've had the lapinator I 've had problems with my laptop overheating . I ca n't say for sure it 's this products fault but it makes me wonder if the heat is blocks is being reflected back into the bottom mounted fans on my laptop.As for the coolness factor . It does keep you cooler but to me its still hot ... especially to the touch . If I touch the lapinator where the fans are on the laptop it is red hot.I think this is a fine product if you have a run of the mill laptop , but mine is a 17 '' graphics intensive unit and overheating has become a terrible problem since using this product.Bottom Line
 Having been an owner of a Dell Inspiron 5160 -LRB- 2GHz Prescott -RRB- , the term `` heat-generator '' comes into play . I recently upgraded to a HP Compaq nx9420 17 '' Dual Core 2 notebook due to the intensive applications I have been more involved in as of late . The Dell could not keep up and the heat generation was getting unbearable . When I first purchased the Dell about three years ago , I came across a new lap pad by Laplogic -LRB- L/L -RRB- . Very costly but it made working with the Dell amazingly comfortable . Since upgrading the notebook , I have done extensive research on any `` newer/improved '' passive lap pads . I came across the Lapinator Plus ! -LRB- L/P -RRB- , reviewed their claims , research and the reviews so ... I made the purchase.Having received the Lapinator Plus ! in short order , I immediately put it to work with the new HP . Within 2 hours of non-intensive work with the HP , I began to feel some heat at my thighs and on my fingertips ... fingertips ? -LRB- -LRB- 105.5 to 102.5 degrees at touch pad and wrist rest -LRB- L/P -RRB- compared to 90.0 and 92.0 degrees -LRB- L/L -RRB- -RRB- I know I have placed the supplied rubber feet at the appropriate locations and there was nothing running on the notebook in the background to cause the heat I was feeling . I promptly downloaded a couple of temperature monitoring utilities to measure the HPs ' temps . The temps never went over 48 degrees in a 2-hour period with the notebook sitting on a table but when placed on the Lapinator , I was still feeling the heat above and below plus the temps were at or above 58 degrees . To my amazement , I lifted the notebook off the rubber feet and placed my hands on the L/P surface , oh my God ! I could only hold my hand on the surface -LRB- -LRB- 110.5 -LRB- L/P -RRB- compared to 93.5 degrees -LRB- L/L -RRB- -RRB- for about two seconds before having to remove it . Plus , the bottom of the notebook was equally as hot -LRB- -LRB- 113.5 -LRB- L/P -RRB- compared to 93.0 degrees -LRB- L/L -RRB- -RRB- . As I let the surface of the pad cool -LRB- leaving the notebook raised -RRB- , I felt the surface of the pad actually had bubbled up the same height as the rubber feet effectively blocking the airflow under the notebook . This was unacceptable even though after about an hour for cool-down it sort of returned to the semi-flat position . At this point I need to take some real measurements -LRB- I am a technician by trade and have all the required tools -RRB- with my digital probe.To make a long story short , I measured five critical points -LRB- see above -RRB- on the L/P , the L/L and the HP and found an average difference of 20 degrees between the two , the L/L being the coolest.One area to point out to the male gender , the BIGGEST difference was the notebook temps at the front by the left speaker and MediaCard ports , with the L/P
 I should have paid attention to the reviews that said it buckled immediately with heat from the laptop . Not a half-hour had elapsed and the center was buckled . The things you are supposed to stick on to raise the laptop are cut off a strip of 3M-like small equipment feet . They are far too tiny to do any good and certainly do n't resemble what is shown in the ad . In addition , the heat from the laptop came right through the bottom because the top is so thin . The two pads underneath are also uncomfortable on the legs . To return it would have been an additional $ 7.00 for something that weighs virtually nothing so I did n't bother . I went out and bought a lap desk at Office Depot for $ 14.95 that is quite comfortable and does n't transfer heat through to my legs .
 We purchased the Lapinator Plus for $ 30 plus shipping , as well as the jumbo `` Microbead '' lap desk for half that price -LRB- $ 15.99 -RRB- . The microbead desk has a much thicker molded plastic top ; the microbead filled base pad conforms to your lap much better and is more comfortable ; it 's 2 inches wider , 1 inch longer , and accomodates my widescreen laptop better ; and it has two pencil wells and a clip on one end so it can be used for a lap desk without the computer
 I bought one of these Lapinators because of the claims that it keeps your laptop cooler and better ventilated . I had had occasional problems with my laptop overheating in the past -LRB- I have a Toshiba Satellite -RRB- and thought this would solve the problem . Well , instead it had the opposite effect , in that every time I placed my laptop on the Lapinator , within minutes my laptop would overheat and crash . So I sent the thing back , even though it took over an hour of my time plus the expense of additional postage -LRB- and no refund on the original shipping fees -RRB- , mainly so I could be free of a guilty conscience by not adding more non-biodegradable plastic to the landfills . Save your money , your time and the landfills by buying something else .
 Bought item to us on lap like in picture not even close to size in picture . The lapdesk is not wide enuff to have a mouse on it . Barley big enuff for computer not to happy with size or quality will be sending back ... UNHAPPY CUSTOMER .
 I used this product to make `` save the date '' magnets for my wedding . I used Microsoft Word 2007 , brought up the corresponding template within Word , and stuck in the images I wanted . I printed out a `` test run '' on ordinary paper and then lined it up with the magnetic business card sheet to make sure they would come out right . The test run went fine , so I printed the left half of one of the magnetic sheets.Unfortunately , each consecutive image was just a little bit more off from its respective business card than the previous one . The last magnet 's image on the page ended up being about 2 millimeters too high , which meant the words at the top of it were cut off/had run over into the previous magnet , and there was a horizontal white bar at the bottom.I suspect that this problem is the result of the magnetic sheet not being flat -LRB- the edges of each of the magnetic cards are curled up slightly -RRB- , causing it to feed into the printer badly . I came to this conclusion because my test run on regular paper came out lined up right.Only purchase this product if you 're willing to take the time and make your own template -LRB- not to mention , waste multiple magnet sheets in test runs -RRB- !
 The first sheet of magnetic cards worked liked a charm . The second sheet jammed in my printer , and I had a terrible time getting it out . It just fell apart . The cards are barely attached to the main sheet , so it falls apart easily . Wo n't buy this again , would n't recommend it .
 Too small to write in ... my accountant had given me a 9 '' tall Journal a few years ago and it worked great with taller lines to write-in . This one is good if you want to carry it in your purse , but if you 're leaving it in your Car glove-box , then why the heck is this made so small . Seems useless if you really want to write in it .
 I purchased this phone for a small office to use with its onboard answering machine . It is impossible to get the volume to an understandable volume on our outgoing message .
 Beware . Does n't stick to porous surface - which is 99.9 % of all outdoor landscaping materials . Tried to adhere a small landscaping stone to another which had come loose . This product did not do the job - it would not stick to the stones .
 My house was built in the 1950s and the interior walls are covered in plaster not dry wall . This stuff is as hard as rock and even small pictures take substantial nails as the nail has to be strong enough to survive the pounding . Double sided mounting tape seemed like a great idea.The trial was made with a framed picture weighing about eight ounces . Tape was placed across the back of the frame at the top and another strip at the bottom . The picture was pressed into place above a peg board of hooks , which supported the weight of the picture . All the tape had to do was to hold on.The picture stayed in place about 36 hours and then fell down with a clatter . I note two things that partially excuse this
 I used this to hold up a light mirror . At first I thought the mirror was too heavy , so I used tape all around the edges and the inside part of back of the frame . Yet after a few weeks , it fell from the wall . The mirror is 8x11 and made with very light wood material , yet it still could n't hold it up . : -LRB-
 All my pictures fell down , and the tape would n't come off walls . I put one back up with mounting tape that did n't fall down again , but when I moved out It took a big piece of plaster with it . So basically if the pictures do n't fall down on their own , you will never get them off the walls . Do yourself a favor and use nails , much easier and less damage to you pictures and walls .
 I bought this phone to replace an older VTech 2426 phone -LRB- which incidentally is a far superior model -RRB- . I saw that the 5823 is 5.8 GHz and on the merits of not interfering with the wireless network traffic buzzing around my house , I bought it.This proved to be a terrible mistake . Caller ID functionality for Vonage mysteriously stopped working even though this phone 's REN is rated at 0.1 b. I spent weeks on the phone with tech support.Additionally , the voice quality is terrible . Any time we make long distance calls we are constantly told that it sounds like we are conversing into the handset from across the room . We have to yell to make ourselves -LRB- barely -RRB- heard.Out of desperation , I used my rudimentary electronics skills to put my old 2.4 GHz Vtech 2426 back together . I cleaned it up , dusted it out , charged it , and guess what . Voice quality is back . Caller ID is functioning once again as well . Regardless of whether you have Vonage , I would avoid the 5823 phone altogether.For Vonage users , however , it is an absolute no-no . Save yourself months of misery and frustration .
 I bought this unit to add an extra handset . I already have the Vtech 5825 -LRB- which is very good -RRB- . This model is terrible ! The sound quality is not nearly as good as my old unit and the volume goes up and down dramatically while you 're talking . I do n't know what happened to Vtech in the last couple of years , but you would think this model was made by a different company ... . the quality does not even compare to their older units .
 I bought this phone for my home office because my 2.4 GH phone interferes with my wireless network . The good news is this phone improved that issue . If you are operating this phone in the same room all of the time and you do n't care about voice quality this phone may be adequate for you . When I move downstairs the phone could not get a good enough signal . My previous phone was a -LRB- several years old -RRB- 2.4 GH Panasonic , I could get great reception anywhere in my home and even in my yard . I have now replaced the VTech with a Panasonic KX-TG6021M 5.8 GHz Cordless Telephone , so far I am very pleased with the new phone .
 Not very happy with this phone . It works ok when close to the base but get a small distance from it and it will not work . My old phone worked better then this one but had no caller ID . If you expect this phone to work some distance from the base Do n't Buy It !
 I have n't had this for more than a year . There is a lot of static and now it does n't really work . I have to go out and buy another phone .
 Like another reviewer , I bought the 5823 to replace my old Vtech 2426 -- which I 've had for over eight years and am only replacing it now because the keypad is finally wearing out . But the brand-new , 5.8 GHz thing sounded terrible ! So I 'm returning it and searching for another 2426 . Incidentally , for those who have a problem with the battery in the 2426 , my experience was that the battery that originally came with the phone lasted for at least five years , maybe longer . At some point it would hardly hold a charge anymore -- so I bought a new battery . About $ 5 later -- ta da ! Battery was fine again . This was a couple of years ago , and the new battery is holding just fine .
 20 names is pathetic . Should be at least 50 or 100 .
 The worst phone I ever baught . I have since a month later baught a new phone . Ca n't not hold a long charge . Battery life is very very short . Annoying . Not happy .
 I love these pens and when I saw them on Amazon , I ordered them immediately . However , I received the .7 mm pens instead . Not even close to the same great pen . Sending them back for a refund ... : - -LRB-
 Exactly the same thing happened to me . Amazon sent me the 0.7 mm pens instead of what I ordered . Not only disappointing , but dishonest as well . If the item became unavailable after I placed my order then I should have been contacted instead of being sent something else .
 So i read all the negative reviews but I said to myself , how could any company design a bad sharpener after decades of sharpeners right ? Well , guess what ? This is absolutley the worst sharpener i 've ever encountered , but at the same time it looks great ! so if you want a 2 pound paper weight then go right ahead and buy this
 A whole lot of noise and nothing to show for it . This sharpener is dull , slow , noisy and takes F_O_R_E_V_E_R to sharpen a pencil . I returned it right away .
 I had great hopes for this sharpener but I am disappointed . You have to push pretty hard on the pencil to activate the cutters . The sharpener makes a high pitched squealing sound as it sharpens which is very annoying . The auto-stop feature is shaky . There is no way to really know when the pencil is done . Just have to keep checking it , same as any other sharpener . I would not buy this again .
 Only sharpens one side , leaving wood on the other side . I returned it , and the replacement had the same problem . It does an unbelievable bad job of its sole function . This product should be removed from the market .
 This sharpener stopped working not long after purchase . I called Bostitch to request a replacement and found their return policy expenditure laden , with an exorbitant turn around time which deepens customer inconvenience for faulty products . The price to ship item back along with a two month turn around is not worth the effort . Largely disappointing was Bostitch 's lack of customer friendly product support . Clearly they will only stand behind a defected product only after swimming through a sea of red tape . NO MORE BOSTITCH products for our company ! BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 Never worked right put pencil in one minute and half later still trying to sharpen one pencil with no pencil lead showing Then it did n't work at all
 I bought this thinking it would be a powerful sharpener . It takes a lot of pressure to sharpen pencils . The unit will move backwards unless you have it against a solid surface . I have a battery operated sharpener that work better , without the hassle .
 After about a month of regular use in the classroom , the sharpener would often overheat and turn off . Then the sharpener would not turn off . When taking it apart to see what was wrong , the cheap plastic microscopic switch was broken off the other cheap piece of little copper . Do n't buy this , it 's an Executive Piece of Junk .
 does n't sharpen all sizes of pencils !!! the standard # 2 pencils are just OK butif the pencil is just a little smaller or just a little larger , it does n't do a goodjob ... only one side of the pencil gets sharp & the other is wood ... or , it feels like isspins around some pencils ... i would not advise any one to buy this , i feel like it was a waste of mymoney & i would n't have a family member or friend spend their money on it eitherit says it 's `` quietsharp '' that 's probably because no one uses it
 Chose this stapler based on the name and the reviews . Worked for a while and then the pencils began being sharpened on one side only ! In addition , now it runs constantly if you do n't remove the shavings draw . I will be ordering a different brand .
 It was broken on the first day we got it . It would not stop running . Luckily I was able to return it and got refund . It 's not heavy duty at all .
 This sharpender is not really that good . My pencils do n't get a nice sharp at all . I already messed a few pencils trying to work this thing .
 I was so excited to purchase this sharpener for my classroom . Even more excited , I unwrapped it , plugged it in , invited the first student up , and ... screech ; it stopped dead . Sure , one could coax a sharpening out of the groaning machine , but that 's not really what one anticipates . Maybe it 's just this one faulty machine , but there it is .
 This pencil sharpener is the worst !! I have had it replaced twice already in less than 4 months all because they would n't let me returned it at my office supply store . The pencils get stuck , it takes forever to sharpen anything , and heaven help you if you break a tip of your pencil in it , because you 'll have to take the whole thing apart to get it out . I hate it and am so angry I spent my money on it .
 Sharpened one pencil - and not very well at that - now does n't work at all ! Unfortunately was sent with my son to college , and by the time I could get it back from him , the return period on Amazon had expired .
 For $ 20.00 it should sharpen a pencil evenly . Nope . That 's all I wanted . I could deal with noise , time . But not half the wood meeting the tip of the lead due to uneven sharpening . It will drive you crazy .
 I must say I was a little disappointed in this Stanley Bostitch pencil sharpener . I expected more than one blade just from the weight of the sharpener . It seems like a very heavy duty one and has a nice sized shavings dispenser . However , the pencils come out sharp all up one side but the other side does n't have the wood pulled back from the lead at all . We have found we have to manually rotate the pencil while it is in the sharpener to get an even sharpening . It 's a little inconvenient since that does n't always work either .
 We bought this pencil sharpener , and after the first six pencils it overheated and shut down . It also threw the breaker on the outlet it was using . I thought maybe it would still work in another outlet , but nope . Our old -LRB- now dull -RRB- Xacto sharpener still worked on the different outlet . It is also too sensitive . If you do n't place the pencil in the right place the sharpener wo n't turn on . Of course this is only after letting it cool down for ten minutes or so . I am returning it tomorrow and getting an Xacto sharpener . I love Stanley tools , but the Bostitch side of the company sucks .
 I am sending this to the manufacturer to fix . The motor has died after only a few months of occasional use . It never really sharpened all sides of the pencil . One side was always unsharpened . And then yesterday , my kids went to use it and it did n't work . It tried everything to get this thing to work . Now , I am sending it to get fix . What a hassle . I do n't have time for this ! I wish I would have followed the bad reviews I read in the first place . DO NOT BUY !
 The only good thing I can say about this product is that it is heavy enough to stay in one place while you are trying to sharpen a pencil.It does not sharpen the pencil evenly no matter how you hold or turn the pencil . As you try to adjust the pencil for even sharpening , it has a voracious appetite for the pencil.This is the second Bostich Electric Pencil Sharpener I have purchased . I thought the first one was just an abberation . Unfortunately , it was no better than this one . I thought second time around would be better . -LRB- The first one was purchased from another well-known office supply store -RRB- . Again , save your money . There has to be something better than Bostich out there .
 I needed an affordable and efficient pencil sharpener for my classroom . It sharpened some pencils , but others on only one side . It started getting louder after only a week . 20 minutes fter sharpening 21 pencils in a row , it randomly turned on and would not shut off without unplugging it . Now even if plugged in , it wo n't stop running and does n't sharpen any pencils . Only lasted 4 weeks and sharpened less than 100 pencils .
 My company has one that I use at work . The thing is great ! The motor is strong and the blades sharpen well . The one I purchased online does not sharpen well and the motor has frozen . I have to unplug the damn thing to stop it and plug it back up to start it ! Sometimes it just stops and I have to wait 10-15 minutes until it decides to start again ! I know it is the same model number as the one at work because I wrote it down to order one for my home ! Bostitch had an excellent reputation . What happened with the sharpener that you sent to me ??????
 I am a third grade teacher , and I needed some very good pencil sharpeners for my kids . These had good reviews so I thought I would try them . It has only been about 2 months , and all three of them that I ordered do not sharpen well anymore and they also start running during my classes which is very distracting . Now I have to buy more sharpeners and I definitely did not get what I paid for ... $ 20 each .
 I bought this sharpener in Nov. of 2011 for my sons small classroom . I thought because it said professional on it , that it could handle a fair amount of use . Well I was wrong . It worked great for about a month , then it would never shut off , so had to be unplugged to stop it . Then finally this week it died completely . You would think with a 7 year warranty on it , it might last a while . No I guess not . Now I have to figure out if it 's worth even sending it back to the manufacturer . I have been through 3 different sharpeners this school year alone , how hard can it be to make one that works ? Save your money , buy and old fashioned wall mounted one if you can .
 The sharpener is good for maybe a dozen uses at best , but still slow for those first dozen . After that , good luck getting anything out of it . Very cheaply made , breaks easily , and is not at all quiet . This is an absolute waste of money .
 Yes , do heed the reviews on this product . We used this sharpener a total of three times . The first time , it worked like a charm . The second time , upon being plugged in , it stayed ` on ' , with or without a pencil inserted for sharpening . The third time we used this sharpener , we plugged it in , it immediately went into the ` on ' mode without a pencil , and then , it stopped . It stopped working altogether . Three sharpenings . Time to shop for a new sharpener !
 Broke the same day I bought it . After sharpening some pencils it would not turn off . After reading several reviews this seems to be a common problem . I even unplugged it and plugged it back in to try and resolve the issue to no avail . I paid $ 32 for this darn thing at Office depot thinking I would get quality for that expensive of a pencil sharpener .
 The Good : It 's powerful . And it 's quiet , for a pencil sharpener . So it lives up to that part of its promise.The Bad : It 's hard to keep pencils from spinning as I hold them in the sharpener . The motor and blades aggressively shake the pencil from side to side , and you need a Kung-Fu grip to hold on . I could deal with that , since the powerful motor and sharp blades at least work quickly . However , every pencil that goes in this machine comes out with one side of the point still covered with wood and the other side very deeply exposing the lead . I have another pencil sharpener that never does this , and I tried the same pencils on both my regular sharpener and this one , so I know it 's the machine and not the pencil . Also , the shavings tray is pretty small.The Ugly : Actually , this is one of the most attractive pencil sharpeners I 've seen . It has everything going for it ... if only it could sharpen a pencil properly .
 I just received my orders today . The electric pencil sharpener is disappointing to me because it shuts off every 10 seconds and it takes awhile before I can use it again . It does n't even sharpen one pencil before shutting off .
 I agree with the negative comments . We used this sharpener for 4 pencils before it stopped working . It did n't work again until I had unplugged it and let it sit for at least 15 minutes . In my household , my 3 children sharpen their huge big of colored pencils endlessly . This simply will not do . I did not purchase it from Amazon , but from Office Depot . It is getting returned today !
 For an office that rarely uses pencil , I expect this thing to last longer . Nope . I think it sharpened $ 3 worth . That 's how much it should cost .
 I bought this pencil sharpener and had only used it a couple of times when it suddenly started running and would n't shut off without unplugging it . I sent it back and got a replacement which did the exact same thing after less than one day of use . I can see a problem happening with a product once in a while , but if I had the same issue with both items , it ca n't be just a fluke . I wo n't ever buy another one !
 I am a second grade teacher and bought my first Stanley sharpener before school started . It broke . I then returned it and got a second one , exactly the same . I was using it and it broke again ! I 'm guessing the motor burned up . I emailed the company and they sent me a replacement , as it was past the time that I could return it to the store . In one week , the THIRD sharpener broke again . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS SHARPENER !!
 I bought this hoping to have a decent pencil sharpener for the new school year . When I put a pencil in it the motor locks up and you get a buzzing noise . Sometimes it turns but never has it completely sharpened a pencil . It is just another piece of junk from China . Buy a manual one , do n't waste your money .
 The product was Dead on Arrival . I plugged it in , inserted a pencil , it made a sad , almost pathetic sound , and failed to sharpen my pencil . Oh , and it smells like burnt rubber .
 I am a third-grade teacher , and I was looking for a reliable pencil sharpener that my students -LRB- 8 and 9 year olds -RRB- would be able to use easily and quietly . I read the reviews , as I always do with any product I purchase , and I did see the reviews about this product overheating occasionally , but I decided to purchase it against my better judgement.This pencil sharpener is fine if you only need to sharpen one or two pencils in a short period of time . Unfortunately , every morning , I have 10-15 students that need to sharpen their pencils to be prepared for the upcoming school day . This sharpener overheats and simply turns off -LRB- must have a thermal sensor -RRB- after about 6 or 7 pencils and does n't cool down for at least 10-15 minutes . Simply not a quality product .
 I bought this sharpener and the trusty Panasonic -LRB- that I no longer see here on amazon -RRB- together . I knew I wanted the panasonic but I needed two sharpeners - one for home and one for school , so I decided to give the Bostitch a try . It was annoying the heck out of me . It took too long to sharpen , and when it was finally sharpen one side of the tip still had wood around it . You kinda had to twist it around so it can get all the sides . but still it was not all that good , pencil lead would break offwhile writing . I think because the way it was sharpening -LRB- or maybe cause I had to twist it around while sharpening -RRB- but the point is that it did n't sharpen the way a sharpener is suppose too . Donated it to Goodwill maybe someone will love it . I still have the panasonic and the motor on it is strong and fast . still have it and came back to get another one but do n't see it . . going to keep looking though .
 I decided to take a chance despite the negative reviews and it was a big mistake . The other reviews are absolutely correct about it only sharpening one side , having to press the pencil in hard , and the loud noise it makes right after sharpening the pencil . Even my little first graders knew something was wrong when they heard me sharpening pencils and they were not even using it . This was happening with the very first pencil I sharpened . Please believe the reviews as they are very true and avoid the hassle of having to return it . Those who posted 5 stars must have really lucked out .
 As other reviewers have noted , this sharpener has all sorts of problems - noisy , slow , jams a lot . The worst part , though , is that it only sharpens one side of the pencil , which results in a pencil that is largely unusable when sharpened . I actually bought an expensive pencil thinking I would avoid this problem , but turns out otherwise . Stay away from this device - it 's terrible , especially given the premium price .
 I had to return the Easy Wheels cart because the hardware was not complete.However , I was able to order Easy Wheels from our local hardware store , andthe package came with all of the hardware . With all of the hardware , the productis excellent . Without all of the hardware , you ca n't assemble it . Simple as that .
 The item arrived missing the rear axle !!! It was a birthday gift that we could n't put together because of the missing part !! It looks like a great product but very disappointing to give something as a gift that is missing the main part that makes it work !! Drat !!!
 I ordered the chart a few months ago . The first thing I noticed was that my new chart did n't come with any instructions , so I pulled up a couple pictures online and managed to complete the assembly . Then I noticed a strong smell coming from the wheels of the chart , it smelled like Dr. Tichenors Antiseptic , so I put the chart outside for a couple days to let it air out . Unfortunate , two months later , the chart still has the strong smell associated with it . The smell is so bad that we leave it outside when it 's not being used . I 'm not sure if I received a defected chart , but I 'm not very happy with the product .
 I am not sure if my issue is due to the shipping company , or the manufacturer , but my product came after 2 weeks , with NO OUTSIDE packaging , and no directions for assembly . I did n't think i would need directions , but i was unable to attach the front wheels , which i think may also be due to the fact that it came missing parts . It seems like a sturdy , reliable product , but i would n't really know since mine is still in pieces on my living room floor . Considering i paid around $ 50 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- for this , i am not a happy customer . I do not recommend ordering from this seller . Even if the issues i have are due to the shipping company , the manufacturer should use a dependable company to get its products to their consumers .
 I bought this shopping cart thinking it was from Narita Trading since the title and the pictures all indicating that this cart is from a reputable company . However , upon receiving the cart , I realized that THEY ARE NOT FROM NARITA TRADING . This cart is being returned to the seller . Do n't be fool by the price , I did , and I received a piece of junk . The shopping cart made from Narita is a bit more pricey but it will last for years and save you money in the long run.Each cart from Narita Trading comes with name tag in the front of the basket . Either under the brand of '' Easy Wheels '' or '' Load Runner '' . On the back of the tag , you will find model number and UPC code for after services.This dishonset supplier posted picture of Narita 's cart and said it 's from Narita Trading , ButTHEY ARE NOT FROM NARITA TRADING.Click on the link and you will go to a company call `` superbuyz '' . NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS DISHONEST COMPANY.If the product was good , why do you have to use some other company 's name ??
 Seller advertises package of 2 carts for the price listed . Seller only sent 1 cart and did not respond to emails regarding this issue .
 The odor is so strong that you can smell it before you open the box . Probably harmful emissions . It comes in a huge box , which was left on my porch . Box stinks too.Putting it together was an irritating task.Worst of all , It is not manueverable . The front wheels do n't swivel , you have to raise the front wheels up off the floor and swivel the cart on its back wheels to turn around . Buy a cart with swivel wheels.It 's flimsy . I do n't believe it will support 150 lbs . The frame is no thicker than a cheap wire coat hanger . Bendable . Also there is a PLASTIC SLEEVE -LRB- grip -RRB- around the cart handle . It slides down and around the handle . I have to keep pulling it back in place.Don ' t buy this cart !
 I wanted to give NO stars for the cart , but Amazon does n't have that rating . The cart arrived very fast ; unfortunately , it arrived in a seriously defective and unusable state . On the rear axle , the inner cotter pin holes were misplaced allowing only enough room to use one , not both ; also , both rear wheels were impaired , with one seriously warped in both spokes and rubber . The packaging was minimal and not enough to protect the item .3 stars to TrueValue - they responded immediately and promised to refund my purchase without return , but now I have to reorder it . It would have been nicer if they had just sent me another . Because of this experience , I will be using another vendor and it will take much longer to get , but hopefully it will arrive in good order .
 I bought this shopping cart thinking it was from Narita Trading since the title and the pictures all indicating that this cart is from a reputable company . However , upon receiving the cart , I realized that THEY ARE NOT FROM NARITA TRADING . This cart is being returned to the seller . Do n't be fool by the price , I did , and I received a piece of junk . The shopping cart made from Narita is a bit more pricey but it will last for years and save you money in the long run.Each cart from Narita Trading comes with name tag in the front of the basket . Either under the brand of '' Easy Wheels '' or '' Load Runner '' . On the back of the tag , you will find model number and UPC code for after services.This dishonset supplier posted picture of Narita 's cart and said it 's from Narita Trading , ButTHEY ARE NOT FROM NARITA TRADING.Click on the link and you will go to a company call `` superbuyz '' . NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS DISHONEST COMPANY.If the product was good , why do you have to use some other company 's name .
 Item came shrink wrapped and was defective . I would not buy it again from the store that Amazon partnered with since although they gave me my money back for it . It was a real hassle since the store first wanted me to try and return it , but would not give me a box to put it in . They told me their carrier , FedeX Ground would supply a box but that was untrue . Fedex will not take items without a box . Then they told me to tie up the item and give it to Fedex , but Fedex refused as they do not pick up items that are not in a box . This proved to be a very big problem and caused me much aggravation .
 this is the worst cart i have ever purchased . There is nothing sturdy about this cart . they say it would hold a hundred pounds or more , i dont trust it . the wheels are aleady peeling . The thing is so rickety -- rackety and wobbly , iam afraid it is gon na break down on me . my husband has a small coastline cart , and it is way more sturdier than this piece of crap that i bought . never again would i put money on a shakey piece of crap like this cart . truly iam so sorry i wasted my time and money on this cart . it is not worth the money that they are asking for it . i would never purchase any of their products ever again .
 Got my cart - easy to assemble , but smells like mothballs . Not a little bit , a lot . Enough to make my entire apartment reek of mothballs .
 This used to be the greatest presentation paper ever , 98 brightness 32 pound premium presentation paper that made the colors just pop off the page . Now they 're selling a cheaper grade of paper -LRB- sells for 9.99 a ream -RRB- with the same HP product number and UPC code . What they 're selling does n't come in the same packaging and has no brightness number . It is much darker and has a different finish . I 've tried all the retail stores -LRB- Office Depot , Staples , Office Max -RRB- and they all have the cruddy paper being sold as the premium stuff . I talked to HP corporate customer services about it and the service rep tried to make me sound unreasonable for demanding the original product . I was in the middle of printing a 75 page presentation when I ran out , and I 'm stuck . I 've tried to find a good substitute and there is none . Epson 's premium presentation paper is 44 pound and almost card stock , really photo paper and not good for a presentation . I am seriously displeased and will never buy HP products again .
 Caution ! There has been a slight of hand with this HP paper # Q5449A.I have been a long time user of this paper , but at some recent point HP has decided to change the paper and NOT change the product code or the UPC code.For users that create paper profiles for accurate color reproduction ... BEWARE.To my mind this slight of hand switch is not befitting the traditions of Hewlett Packard.In my opinion , the new paper is chalky instead of smooth , it is more blue in color , and slightly lighter in weight , all of which make it less desirable.The new paper comes in a cardboard box , the original paper was cello over wrapped . If you can find a supplier with the old stock ... send me a note ... I 'll buy it.One other point . In my communications with HP customer service , they are trying to tell me that this degraded paper is an improvement . I do n't think so . But , they are willing to replace it on the theory that it might be defective . All well and good , except that I must have a model and serial number of an HP printer for them to process the replacement . How is the warranty of one product dependent on the ownership of a different product . Mind you , I 'm not claiming the paper jams , or misfeeds , in which case that performance issue would be printer dependent . This is an issue about the feel and look of the paper itself , something independent of what ever printer I might use it on .
 The outer box was fine and sturdy but the individual boxes of paper inside were falling apart . I could n't pick up a box without the paper falling out . It looked like the boxes were a hundred years old or had been wet at one time . The inside of the paper box was gritty and the paper itself is gritty . I would have to wipe each page off to be sure it would nt smear my photos . Very disappointed . I will buy different paper . I should return all but wo n't take the time and effort . That why I ordered on line to reduce time and effort.HP Premium Presentation Paper
 I bought two of these thinking I was ordering the same HP presentation paper 120g that I have been very happy with before , but found out HP has changed the paper . This paper does not have the same coating as the previous one and color are not as bright , vivid as the old one . Basically what you are getting here is an average everyday printing paper that is a bit thicker . That 's all . I am disappointed and will never buy this paper again .
 Seriously , HP?Same exact product number ... Same exact stats ... New packaging ... Completely different , grossly inferior paper.If you 're going to source something cheaper , at least have the decency to give it a new name and product number.You had the BEST presentation paper.Now you do n't . Ugh .
 Although Amazon replaced the photo , the specifications remain incorrect.As others have mentioned , HP has replaced the paper with a very inferior product , but retained the product code and name . The specifications shown on the Amazon page were obviously supplied by HP , but they are a complete deception.The previous product was excellent . This one is bargain basement junk.Avoid . HP should be ashamed .
 I ordered two of these at the same time , one came via the post office , the other by UPS . Both packages were damaged . the paper is not in the original sealed and protected container , but in a flimsy box . The corners of both stacks of paper were folded in , so they can not be used for presentations . In fact the folds on the postal service paper were severe enough that my HP printer would not accept the paper . Even if the paper had come in new condition , it would not have been sufficient for the quality presentations I intend .
 I dont understand how this is considered `` presentation '' paper . I wouldnt present anything professionally with this paper . Its like regular printer paper but just thicker . Youre better of with something else.Also , Im upset with Amazon because the paper was estimated to arrive on the 18th , but I just got it today . SLOW shipping !!!! The packaging was weak and ruined some of the paper .
 Used the product just to attach crown molding to blinds and it would not hold . Did not stay attached even in indoor conditions .
 Very weak tape . It just falls off whatever you 're trying to stick it to . It could n't stick to anything to save its life . Honestly , I expect better from 3M . Do n't bother with this product
 Not worth the money , it only last for a few days ; for me anyway.I put in on a clean dry surface.I would not buy this tape again !!
 They hold up great ... but when it came time for me to move out they ripped the paint-every layer of white paint-off of my bedroom walls . I even tried using a knife to help get the adhesive off without damaging the wall ... this did not work . Use with caution .
 These 3M mounting squares are nowhere near as good as3Ms Adhesive Strips.These ones really do n't stick very well at all , and everything I 've used them on , comes peeling off the wall and onto the floor . I have n't found a good use for these yet . Not sure what these excel at , but adhesion does n't seem to be it . Wo n't buy again .
 This stuff does n't stick -- at least not anything I 've attempted . With grandchildren I 'm always looking for something to stick pictures , projects , decorations , etc. , onto windows -LRB- mostly -RRB- or the fridge . Tired of the gummy stuff -LRB- tacky gum , or something like that -RRB- I thought this would be the answer . Well , I was wrong , and I 've picked up and picked up various items that were supposed to be `` stuck , '' to the point of real annoyance . I wo n't buy it again , but am still looking for the perfect answer . If anyone has a reasonable solution , PLEASE post ! In any event , save your money .
 this was the right product but wrong quantity I bought this product it said it was a four pack for the price of one I ended up getting one and paid 10.00 for it and its 2.86 in walmart . they give false information so i returned the product for a refund ended up getting it for free because the company said that amazon gave misleading information my thing is take a second look before buying any thing here
 I bought this phone for my home office.The cordless phone has major interference from my wwireless internet router . I was on the phone with phone company for 6 hours and even had a tech come to my house.The only way to resolve the problem is to unplug the router.I would not buy this phone if you are worried about interference.maybe a 5.8 ghz would be better
 I bought a roll of this and it worked adequately for the stated purpose , but I was in Korea recently and found out that American company Shurtape from NC produces a very similar product which performs even better , selling at Seoul 's Office Depot stores for the equivalent of $ 0.65 for a 34 ft roll ! How dare 3M/Scotch sell us a product -LRB- made in China , no less -RRB- for so much more than a higher quality export product made in the U.S. ? Why is 3M charging Americans 8x more 70 % less product than what the Koreans pay for a superior grade export American product ? The nerve !
 Basically , all this is is double-sided tape except it 's wider and not as sticky . It says it will hold posters/decorations under one pound . I used it to hang a thin , 7oz metal sign of Shakespeare that says `` Will Power '' . I covered the back with it top , bottom and center . It fell off the wall 3 times and after the final time , it bent the sign when it fell.No , I do not recommend this and will never buy it again . I gave it a try and it totally disappointed me .
 This stuff is useless for posters . I 've tried to hang up four standard weight 24 '' x 36 '' posters with in the last several days , and they 've all fallen down within a few hours . If you can find 3M 's `` black removable mounting tape '' anywhere , buy that instead . Unfortunately 3M seems to have discontinued it , so back to putting holes in my walls or using packing tape I guess .
 Consider the way we used to hang posters with Scotch tape using the old tape donut trick . -LRB- Piece of tape rolled into a donut shape . -RRB- Why buy this product which gives you only 150 '' of a double sided tape for $ 5.50 , when you can getScotch Magic -LRB- TM -RRB- Tape 3105 , 3/4-inch x 300 Inches , 3-Packfor the same price ? I do n't really see how this tape is any more removable than the Magic Tape . The dispenser is also a bit awkward to use - for one , after tearing a section of tape off , be sure to carefully adhere the tape that remains on the roll to the small edge near the cutting blade or the backing paper will come off and flop around and make that section of tape useless . Second , when you go to tear a piece off , you almost have to hold the roll with one of your thumbs to make sure you do n't tear off too much because it 's difficult to roll back with the backing paper . You also pretty much need to hold your thumb over top of the tape/and blade when you go to tear it - due to the backing paper , it 's too stiff and wo n't stick to the blade unless you hold it there.I guess in the end , I just find this to be an unnecessary product that does n't appear to work any better than the old standby .
 I would give it 0 stars if I could . I followed the instructions and wanted to tape up lightweight cardstock , about 7x10 in a page . The weight is n't the problem , though the tape should be able to hold such a small amount of weight . It just does not stick to the wall . I pressed down hard and it keeps coming up and the Alphabet Cards falling off the wall . Very irritating after I spent time spacing out the alphabet cards perfectly and arranging it just right , just to find 1/2 of them on the floor the next morning .
 Do n't buy this crap . It does n't hold my posters up for more than 5 minutes . I 've found that rolling regular tape and using that works much better than this.I may have different paint , or something . Either way , it does n't work .
 Dont purchase this if you are looking for something to hang posters , it wont hold up a poster . The only thing that it held was paper .
 Bought this from Wal-Mart to put up a poster in my son 's room . The poster was what I 'd consider a normal size poster ; not small but not overly large either . The poster came off the wall within minutes.Honestly , this stuff is hardly sticky at all . How it would hold even the tiniest of things to anything seems impossible . But , I thought maybe I have to use more or it ; fair enough . I lined the whole top edge of the poster , part down the sides , a few in the middle and a couple across the bottom . By morning it was off the wall again.Now I 've got a $ 10 poster with crap double-sided tape stuck all over it . Argh !! Do yourself a favor and look for a better solution .
 I recently bought the Scotch tape to put up 5x7 pictures on the wall of a workout room . My daughter asked me to put up her `` One Direction '' poster . I tried using it and it did not hold for very long at all . I was highly disappointed with it . It is not nearly as sticky as other mounting strips I used , which were much stronger .
 This is double-sided tape that 's just sticky enough to put very lightweight posters on the wall without adhering so tightly that it damages the wall . It seems to hold up just fine and it has n't marred any of my walls . The tape is not re-useable though . Once I take it off a poster , which does n't damage the poster either , the tape usually sticks to itself as it curls up.However , given anything with heft , such as a laminated poster , wo n't work out . It may seem like it is going to work , but gravity is eventually going to win . That might be fine in the privacy of your room , but it would be very distracting in the middle of a presentation or meeting.I tried this product because I got it free through Amazon Vine . I would n't pay for it though .
 I found that this poster tapes works well on glossy surface , but on flat painted surface , it can take off some of the paint . And depending upon the heat conditions your item has been in , it can take some paper with it when using paper-paper contact . As long as you realize this possibility and exercise some caution it should be ok , but it is not as `` removable '' as a Post-it , since it does need to hold up some more weight .
 The software -LRB- P-touch Editor 3.2 and P-touch Quick Editor -RRB- are the weak point for this printer in Mac OSX 10.X . I ca n't print from the Brother software , but I can choose the printer in other applications such as Adobe Illustrator and print from there . Not a convenient work around , but at least I can get the thing to print . You can make up your own mind about whether to buy it or not , but if you have one already , I hope this helps .
 This labler works good once you get it to work . It has a terrible communication problem between with the PC which should be blamed on the driver . I got it to work once long ago on a IBM PC -LRB- Ibm laptop and Dell laptop unsuccessful -RRB- and it worked fine . Even though initially it is hard to get acustomed to the formating and style , it is easy to use once you have a few layouts saved.I would still rate this as a bad buy ! If you can get it to work , you are lucky ... if you cant , you just wasted a lot of money .
 This is a discontinued model . Do not see any new Brother Label Printers that work with Mac . The printer driver will not work with 10.7 -LRB- Lion -RRB- .
 From Brother Solutions Center
 Brother P-Touch labeling system are notorious for wasting expensive marking tape , just read any of the reviews . The lable maker performs as execpted . The problem is the Editor . I have downloaded the lastest version and it still sucks . The editor is is what keeps it from being a serious industral tool . It has all sorts of cutise , but worthless templets and clip art . Two features the Editor needs is a search and replace , and a seral numbering system . When I have several hundred lables to make , it is eaiser to use a Handimark with its seral keys than to use the PT . I give it 2 stars and the Editor 0 stars . If it has those features , they must be well hidden ,
 The tape is very thin and nearly impossible to remove backing without it getting stck together . What a waiste of money .
 There are some reviews that say this tape is as close to contact cement that you are going to get . Not true . I have tired a few different uses where I did n't want to use a screw and the tape has failed every time . I would say its a notch up from normal use double sided tape but thats about it .
 Upon reading that this tape was strong and made for outdoors I bought it to hold my car 's gps base plate since the tape that came with my plastic plate holder did not hold.Well , it was pretty much the same . This tape did not hold my gps as soon as the car was left in the sun . outside temperature was 83 degrees.So much for this `` strong '' double sided tape .
 Unless you want more stress for the holidays , find some other tape . This tape does not stick on anything !! And it wo n't hold anything that weighs over .00005 ounces . I put up a little red ribbon on my vinyl siding and it fell within 2 minutes and the tape was worthless and had lost it stick . Then I tried putting it on my wooden shudder . Same thing . I am so disgusted at this ripoff . They advertise it as outdoor mounting tape . What are we supposed to do with it . Glue marbles on our front porch floor ?????? I am so mad so I wanted to warn you .
 It 's the type of tape I need but it is not sticking very well . It continues to lift and the stickyness is not very sticky . I would like to have it replaced but it appears that I 'm being required to pay for shipping it back and to do that will cost more than what the tape cost .
 I went on Amazon and found a great deal on a Brother P-touchPT-9500PC labeller , but received a PT-1650 instead . I was instructedthat I needed to contact the seller , which I did , and they didnt carethat they sent us the incorrect product ; only that we follow their protocolfor sending the product back to them , which involved having UPS come to pickup the product from us at an unannouced time , yet within a week . So I guessthey expected someone to be available during their entire work shift withoutnotice for up to 1 week . So they picked up the product last week and we haventheard a word from them yet . Interestingly enough , this review we received fromAmazon asked us to review the purchase we made of a `` PT-1650 '' . Our order clearlyshows that we ordered the PT-9500PC . What a terrible experience , and it isnt evenover yet .
 I should have read the description more carefully - I had never heard of folders that were sealed on two sides . The usual left side is sealed , but also the bottom is also sealed , making the folder kind of awkward if you want to open it up . On the upside , you can tear at the bottom CAREFULLY and make it an openable folder . However , the folder is quite flimsy - not what I expected .
 First , the good
 I was very disappointed with this product . The wire includes a volume/mute control . I do n't know if mine is defective , but I can only hear at a reasonable level when both the phone and headset volume are set to max . By contract , with my Jabra C500 I keep the phone volume at 3 -LRB- out of 8 -RRB- . Also , the `` under-the-ear '' design and swivel earpiece are n't that comfortable . I 've owned several other `` over-the-ear '' designs with earpiece gels that are much more comfortable for long term wear . Plus , this headset it a _ lot _ pricier .
 The clear packing tape gets stuck on the metal guide each time I try to use it . Most dispensers of this type have a flexible or hinged guide , this one is unmoveable and evidently welds itslef to packing tape . It 's useless .
 I bought this item when I 'm moving . The dispensing mechanism is not adjustable . Spend few extra dollars and buy a better one .
 This tape dispenser is very hard to use . The tape gets stuck on the metal end of the dispenser every time , and it does not flow freely , so you have to constantly pull the `` stuck on '' tape away from the metal piece before it will release the tape . It does not do what I think it should . This is not a good machine .
 The tape constantly gets stuck on the handle or the blade under the roller . It often recoils back onto the reel . It might work with heavy tape like book tape but that 's not the point . We finally took ours apart to try and repair it but it 's no use . We bought the tan-colored 3M model and it works well .
 I 've seen these with the Duck and Tartan brand , and mine is labeled `` Manco '' , but they 're all obviously the same model . The good news is that it feeds the tape O.K. . The bad news is that it wo n't cut it . I bent the plastic panel at the top out of the way and that helped , but it 's still difficult , and the tape tends to whip back onto the roll , making it very tedious to use .
 This phone is toxic . Affixed to the cord is a label that says that the cord of this telephone is toxic and can cause reproductive harm so wash your hands after each use . I do n't know about you but what kid is going to wash her or his hands after each use of a phone conversation or even just handling the cord ? The manufacturer of this product should just pay the extra and put on a safe material .
 This product has extreme focus falloff on the image areas and pincusion distortion in the optics . If you are desperate - buy it but I warned you !!!!!!!! I am feeling foolish for wastin my money on the hunk of cheap Chinese junk!Bill in AZ
 I bought this phone about a year to two years ago and the lcd panels went completely out . I could not see who was calling and the light also went out on the phone . The only reason I bought the phone was the price and the rebate . That was a wasit of time and money . I went to radio shack and bought some nice phones and they were less than I paid for the olympia phones plus they have a speakerphone and some other features that olympia did not offer . If you want an expanable phone set , DO NOT GET AN OLMPIA . IT IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The phone system works great and as described . However , the system is less than two years old and all three handset LCD panels have gone out .
 When I first purchased this phone and the two additional 2420 extensions I thought it was great ! No phone outlet for extensions , no problem . Then four months later , the sound quality started to fail , then the LCD display quit working on not ONE , not TWO , but ALL THREE phones!When I called CS they informed me I would have to mail all three back to them -LRB- at my cost -RRB- and they would e-mail me further instructions within 24 hours ... well , that was weeks ago !
 What ever you do , DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE . My model favored as well as the other reviewers . I can use it to make and receive calls but ca n't read my LCD panel and no matter what time you call customer support , you will ALWAYS receive a busy signal .
 I bought three of these things and on all three phones the LCD display quit One after a year and 1/2 , the other two quit in two weeks and the company wo n't replace the two hand sets that are still in the warranty period . Buy something else !
 I bought the 2410 and 3 additional handsets . The feature set is great , but - callers reported persistent echo unless I turned down the earpiece volume rather low . - callers reported an annoying , loud , beep every so often . This could n't be tracked down - it 's not call waiting and it 's not the messages waiting notification . Neither of these conditions occured on another 2.4 GHz phone I have . A friend of ours who saw that we had this phone said he had had the same problem and eventually returned the phone . - shortly after the warranty ran , 2 of the four handset 's displays gradually got scrambled and now are completely unreadable . - The company 's toll-free number was n't working and they never responded to e-mail support requests.There are good deals out there . This phone is a waste of money .
 When it was new , the annoying features were : - The available ring tones are all piercing and obtrusive.-The answering machine is counter-intuitive , its automated voice is unnatural and unpleasant , and it 's had to navigate from message to message.-The date/time is lost every time the electricity goes off , even if it is only for a fraction of a second.Now that I 've had the phones for over a year , the jack for the headphones is not working in either of the two receptors.I would n't buy this model again .
 I bought one of these phones with the base station , which includes the digital answering machine and one additional handset . I originally liked it , but after several months to a year the sound quality on the answering machine went way down . Sometimes it is difficult to understand messages received . The digital answering machine does not work properly and you can not skip messages anymore . As well the display panels on both units have burned out , so the caller ID function has been rendered entirely useless . Given the option I would definitely choose a different system and plan to replace this one .
 Does copy the slide , but the image appears at the end of a tube and you have to play around with it before it is usable . The resulting image is not as good as it could be .
 not really what I expected a hard plastic board with a very nice beach picture on it is more like it , not flappy at all . it does n't always stay in one place on the desk -LRB- it moves around a lot actually -RRB- I will probably end up purchasing something else .
 I bought 2 of these items becase as Amazon said `` The kit comes complete with wireless scanner , Bluetooth radio/recharge base , PS2 keyboard wedge cable for the base , and recharge power supply . `` On unpacking the items . there was no usb or ps2 keyboard wedge cable . instead i received 2 straight rs232 -LRB- serial -RRB- cables . My pcs do n't even have serial ports ! A such i am having problems getting these to work with my application program . Probably have to buy adaptors.Attempts to contact manufacturer failed as at time of writing I can not even access -LSB- ... -RSB- I am very disappointed in amazon as in my opinion they did not sell to me what they advertised on their website .
 This thing is poor . My wife and friend spent all afternoon looking at it , and then me an IT guy all evening . What we found was the hardware is there but no software . It could be cool and useful , but it needs a lot more software help .
 I bought these because I had several packages of .9 mm lead and thought the BIC brand would be good too . One by one these gave out and I am very disappointed that they did not last in light use around a house . I would not recommend these and will find another maker of mechanical pencil to use the lead I have . An old regular pencil is more dependable than this one !
 I write with a fair amount of pressure -LRB- this is why I use .9 mm lead -RRB- . The metallic piece that holds the lead while writing consistently separates from the rest of the pencil , thus breaking the lead . Other .9 mm pencils I 've used do not do this . This pencil is pretty much unusable .
 Staples sells a five-pack for $ 6.79 , that 's $ 1.35 each . I do n't get it , why are these so expensive ?
 This product picture IMPLIES you will get one dozen pencils . I ordered 3 , expecting 36 total pencils and I received only 3 pencils ! I paid almost $ 6 for shipping , too ! Know your supplier before you purchase !
 Because they cancel the order . I do n't know how it is . I do n't like merchant not following through the deal though .
 I bought these along with the black ones . Half the pens do n't work , and the rest come out very light when I write ; the writing looks like it 's in pink . I would n't buy these again .
 I purchased this unit . I made about 15 labels with it and then it ceased to work.Contacted the manufacturer regarding the warranty and they would not give me a replacement unit . This unit is awful.I spent a pile of money on it and label media kits that are nothing other than a door stop now.I 'm switching to Dymo .
 Industrial ? Looks tough but bump the edge and the tape/battery cover falls off . This makes accessibility to this compartment effortless . The machine feeds about an inch of tape that you need to cut off everytime you print , which leaves alot of wasted labling tape . No doubt this works out well for Brother . The cutter is akward to operate and very sensitve to `` cutting errors '' which require more feeding , cutting , and waste . Again if the machine is anything less than stationary during printing or cutting there will be an error . There is a way to bypass the waste by using consecutive blocks of text but this proves unreliable at best . About 75 % of the time the machine will give a print error indicating text height or length is too high/long even though it is exactly the same as the previous printed block . I ca n't help but think this glitch is not an engineering flaw but instead a design programmed to increase the propietors profits in labeling tape -LRB- the real expense of the machine -RRB- . The labels are n't too bad but getting the label backing off is a chore best left to those with excellent dexterity , a good pair of reading glasses , and sharp fingernails . The ergonomics of the unit are poor to include the keypad , cutter , and frequently used keys . Accessing symbols is tedious and time consuming so be sure to save the ones you use frequently . The software ... still looking into it but it does n't seem to be of much worth after a preliminary review . Otherwise the machine is a true marvel and pleasure to use . Thank you Brother ... NOT !
 Please , do yourself a favor
 Avoid this product
 Having bought this only two weeks ago , it 's already in the trash . It was designed with older , wider monitors and CRT 's in mind , not the thin LED or LCD monitors with less than 2 '' thick frames . In fact , if you look closely at the picture for the product , you 'll see it attached to a CRT , which is the only kind of monitor it will actually work with as designed . Anything thinner and the twin adhesive strips have nothing to which they can adhere . The design of the tilt is completely obsolete for thin monitors meaning you 'll either have a completely vertical holder or you 'll have to bend the support rod with a vise and visegrips .
 It cost me almost $ 30 to get this product . Then the 3M strips pulled off of my monitor . I ended up picking up a second monitor second hand from work and that was infinitely more productive anyway . Basically , 3M strips just wo n't hold this thing up like you want it to .
 Lots of Skipping , and not a smooth `` write '' . Try Pilot 's new G-Knock ... I have CTS , so I need a very light weight , smooth-writing pen ... its the best pen for my hand !
 Why am I writing a review on Saturday afternoon for a $ 1 pen ? Because the 4-pack of Bic Velocity pens I have been struggling with has been so aggravating ! As other reviewers have noted , the writing is smooth and comfortable . But after a few hours use , the thing starts skipping . Mess with it for a few strokes and it comes back , but then gives out again a short time later . So , I 'm moving through my 4-pack , more quickly than I expected to , and when the last one starts acting up , I 'm moving on to something else . I did get a nice lead on an alternative in one of the other reviews though . : - -RRB-
 I 've noticed that the Velocity black ink pens do not work as well as the Velocity blue ink ones . Whenever I started a new pen for the black ink , the ink would start skipping ; however , with the blue ink , there was n't any skipping and it lasted me 4 months . I love Velocity pens ! They 're smooth , comfortable , and neat -LRB- no smearing -RRB- , but I would strongly suggest on getting the blue ink pens because of they do n't skip .
 These pens are , as far as i 'm concerned , useless , as they skip . I want a pen for the purpose of writing ; if they do not write , they are n't worth a dime . I 'm very frustrated and disappointed . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I have a box of 12 of these pens . They feel great in your hand and have a substantial build . Their only problem is that they do not write . Their ink stops flowing and makes writing difficult.These pens are a great option if you need an item that looks and feels good . If you are looking for a pen to write with , look elsewhere .
 This back support just did n't work for me . I wanted it to , but it made my back hurt worse . It is a well made cushion , if it helps you . For those of you , like me , who are n't aware of the return policy on these , let me enlighten you . Because it is a `` free shipping '' item , when you return it , the original postage is subtracted from your credit , in addition to a restocking fee . Then , on top of that , you have to also pay the return postage on the item . After I return the backrest , I will end up with a big credit of $ 16 !! Wish I knew someone who could use it . I wo n't order from Pro Therapy Supplies in the future .
 I tried for 6 months to use this backrest as support in my carseat . I am now using the carseat again.It fits nicely around and mostly braced up against the seat well . The support portion was velcro , and neatly arrangeable to wherever was most comfortable for my back . The material is soft and mostly comforting . Unfortunately the steep , round curve of the product pushes my shoulders together too much , and ends up introducing just as many issues as it prevents.Also , while the adjustable velcro function is nice , If you happen to apply it at the wrong angle , it can take some fidgeting to get it back in a comfortable position . To its credit , the backrest put me at the perfect distance to the pedals , this made my driving experience much better , however , it just does n't work.I view this as a waste of my money and will be searching for a new solution . I normally do n't miss on pricier products , and I am definitely disappointed in this .
 Bought it expecting it to support my lumbar area at work . It does , but just barely . Velcro cushion does not come out far enough . I would not buy it again
 Let 's face it - this is an expensive product . For the price , I was expecting outstanding results , especially with the lumbar support . However , to no avail , was I able to get this product to act comfortably on my drivers ' seat . There is not much in the way over overall support , and it lacks a certain &#34; plushness &#34; that you would come to expect from such a product . Overall , I 'm disappointed !
 Still have to purchase a better chair as did not provide support needed for my back
 This organizers are way smaller than they appear in the advertisement and thus do n't hold much cord . And they really are only good to hold very flexible cord -LRB- like that on a computer mouse or keyboard -RRB- . For stiffer cords -LRB- like lamp electric cords -RRB- , they simply do n't do the job .
 While doing some cleaning up in my ` junk ' closet , I came across the two packages of this product that I bought about a year ago . I tried one of the organizers out , realized they were nothing like the product description , and set them aside to be returned . They got lost in the shuffle somehow and I probably ca n't return them now , but my loss is your gain ! Here 's the low-down on what should be an amazing product : The plastic is very stiff and hard to manipulate . I had imagined that turning them inside out would be easy and even fun - not the case ! The plastic is so stiff the often times you spend five minutes trying to get them into an ` open ' position , and it immediately starts deforming back to its original shape , so you have to constantly fight to keep it open as you spool the cable onto it.People have complained that these are too small for a lot of cables and this is true . However , it is also incredibly bulky for the cables that do fit . The first cable I used it on was the one for the headset on my phone , which is quite long . It was so heavy that it kept pulling the headset off my head . I know they have a smaller size but I really filled up the inside of this one with the cable so the smaller organizer would n't have enough space.The two-part plastic connector that holds the two halves together is made of hard , clear plastic that seems to chip and crack easily , so I worry that this important part of the device will fail and fail quickly . But the real concern is that these two pieces of plastic are loosely fitted together , allowing the two halves to ` float ' slightly . In other words , the two halves are not firmly connected . Worse than that , there is a gap between these two pieces of plastic that a thin cable can get stuck in , damaging the wire and skewing the two halves of the organizer , making it impossible to turn . All-in-all , these plastic parts are just a terrible design.When I first heard about this product , it took a few seconds to understand how it worked , but once I did , I was very enthusiastic about it . It seemed to solve nearly all problems of single cable management in a very elegant way . But the poor implementation created far more problems than it solved . What a disappointment .
 They shipped on time and as described . Once I got them I realized how cheap of a device they were and have not used them since .
 I found the cord organizers to be of low quality and not able to contain cords very well . not worth the money at all .
 I have bought this item from container store and were very nice . The ones that I bought now are awful . They are not made in supple plastic so they do n't line up . It is hard to make them stay in place .
 These are terrible , looking at the pictures I made the wrong assumption that they were made out of some kind of rubber , either soft or hard rubber would work , but they 're made out of some kind of cheap plastic . They do n't flip inside out like the pictures show very easily , and they do n't hold cables wound around it worth anything ! So if I were you I 'd look elsewhere !
 i am not at all happy with these devices . they are too small and too flimsy and they really do not work as described . they are heavy for the job they are supposed to do . on electronics and especially ones with break-away connections , they are not at all satisfactory . to be quite honest , a rubber band works better .
 While this product does work it is not silicon or another supple plastic ; that being said neither is it still they work but are a bit wonky and both halves do swivel away from each other -LRB- the tipped areas dont line up unless you cause them to -RRB- , not the best value but ok .
 These are only good for very small and fairly short cords . Upon arrival , one was already broken -LRB- the white plastic that holds the two sides together was cracked -RRB- . They do n't hold much , and the shells are not very sturdy . Unimpressed . I do , however , recommendGE 22548 CableNeat Clam Ball-Shaped Rubber Organizer - much sturdier , hold larger/longer cords , larger , and overall better product .
 The rubber flaps are soft and do not hold the wires tightly . The coiled wires do get loose.Cable ties / Velcro based ties in my opinion work better then this product .
 These are all covers of the originals , which is to be expected . They are slow , as noted . What is n't noted is that they completely fail to swing . My wife -LRB- a grade 3/4 teacher -RRB- just got this CD and we 're very disappointed . Her class will think it 's the squarest thing they 've ever heard and they 'll be right .
 This chair weighs 66 pounds ! The seat is very hard and is awkwardly leaning forward , so one ends up sliding down . The back is poorly designed so that an average height person would constantly hit her head on the metal frame behind . It 's next to impossible to disassemble for shipping it back . The arm rests are not adjustable in height .
 We have used Memorex labels for many years . Bought several packages a month . Used to be high quality . They changed several months ago and now the quality is far below standard . Had to go back to Avery . I notice at store that usually the packages have been opened which I assume is because others are dissatisfied and hoping they will return to the high quality product they once were .
 ruined my dvd 's . got stuck in my computers disk drive . if you want your discs to look good , buy these labels . if you want your discs to work properly , leave them alone .
 I 'm sure the labels are wonderful , but please be aware that they have a destructive impact on your cdr 's . The glue , the ink from your printer perhaps , the labels not being perfectly centered - all cause problems . I 've been labelling some of my cdrs for 10 years now , and the older labelled ones have become unplayable
 Down the line , it will cause problems for your computer to read these discs . Got one cd with label stuck in my iMac right now , it wo n't come out . I now use an external reader/writer , and it has problems with labeled cd 's , so does my car cd-player and my regular cd player -LRB- and I do n't buy junk electronics -RRB- . Just be safe , use a permanent marker to label your discs , may not look as cool , but at least you can still use them .
 When trying to use a full-face design the center label pulls out causing a high reject rate , Poor design.Would like a full face no center .
 I really like quality of the paper and it 's easy to apply it using Avery label applicator . . However , getting a print on this image is another world . Good luck finding their software on their website . I found `` ExPressIt '' by Memorex from 3rd party site , but zipped file was corrupted . So I had to use 3rd party software , -LRB- 15 days trial licence -RRB- to be able to finish my project . Took me 2 hours to figure this out and finally print a label . Very frustrating .
 I 've bought hundreds of Memorex labels and recognize the face and backing sheets . These labels have a slick back sheet , while real Memorex labels have a paper back sheet . That alone does n't bother me , but these labels -LRB- which I now believe are cheap knockoffs -RRB- constantly jam my HP7500 printer . Most sheets fold over as they round the bend to the print head and stop there . If they make it any further , there is a good chance they wo n't make it into the hold down guides at the heads , which makes a real mess . About one in eight sheets actually made it through . Those that did , show inaccurate and inconsistent colors - much darker oranges that range from grayish to brown , not close to what consistently prints on real Memorex labels . After a lot of frustration , wasted sheets , and possibly damage to my printer , the very first real Memorex sheet fed through perfectly with accurate colors . All real labels and other paper types feed through just fine . Before ordering , I suggest you try to get a sample to see if these labels work for you . I accept this risk on eBay where sellers usually let you know when products are not genuine . However , Amazon sells these as the real thing . I 'm very disappointed with Amazon -LRB- again -RRB- .
 I consistently buy Memorex brand labels and this is the first time Amazon has falsely sent a knock off . The paper backing is not there , it is a thin slick back and the printing is awful . Does not come close to the clear , quality you get when you print on real Memorex labels . Shame on you Amazon ! At least on eBay the sellers tell you when it is not the true brand . Instead you wrap these labels and insert them in a 300 plastic box!I believe I have ordered on Amazon before but never again after these fake labels ! You need to wake up !
 This product is a great price for what it is but if you are going to use one sheet more than once , this are not a good choice . If you have multiple lables to print at once it 's probably worth it . But for everyday use making only a couple lables at a time you end up wasting half the labels because the printer can not grab the thin paper the labels are on and it just ends up jamming the printer .
 The supporting software for these labels is awful . To begin with , you ca n't even use it on a Mac . Who makes a multimedia product accessory that is n't Mac compatible ? Also , since the labels are n't set up like other templates , you ca n't even download an existing template to create something without the terrible software.Second , if you are making multiple labels at once , there is no way to see and edit each label . You have to choose print preview , delete the label with the error , and then recreate it without the error.There are lots of other problems too , but my summary is this
 Memorex 32020403 White CD Labels , Matte Finish -LRB- 300-Count -RRB- Imation labels are no longer available but I discovered that Memorex labels could be trimmed to print OK . The first pack were OK . I purchased a 300 pack and the adhesive is so tight that it is almost impossible to peal the label without leaving the large center . Also the small center must be removed before printing and and again it is very tight . They look good but are difficult to use .
 Spent a couple of hours looking at APPLE sites and Memorex sites and many more trying to find a template . They say these might work if you have WORD on the Mac . I was tech support for a couple of years and I can not find a good way to use these labels ; so for the moment they are worthless to me . I 'd rate them as 0 if i could . This link might help some but it did not help me . -LSB- ... -RSB- Another website said flat out they are not compatible with MAC .
 . . the real test of these labels is to try and insert the cd they 've been applied to , into your cars cd player . In every instance they either would n't go in ... or could n't come out and and got stuck ! They look great if your using them for your computer , but i do n't recommend using them for your cars cd player .
 I received the labels on time but they were so badly damaged that they would not go through my printer . This was MONEY WASTED !
 This product was not as advertised . It claimed to contain paper CD holders as well as labels but did not . Thus , it was higher priced than it should have been .
 I ordered 3 packs of the CD Label refills for my photography business so that I can place my logo as well as my client 's name on the DVDs containing their images on them . I needed them to be rushed over because I ran out of labels so I paid extra for the expedited shipping which states I should received it in the mail by a certain date or at least 1-2 days after the package leaves the facility . Once the package was mailed out I received a tracking number , however , my order never made it to me by the guaranteed ship date and I could not longer track it . Over a week passed by and I decided to contact the seller , which Amazon states is the first step when you have a problem with your order . However , they just blew me off and said if I have a problem then contact Amazon rather then help me figure out what is going on with my order . Amazon , thankfully , reimbursed my shipping fee which I eventually received my package almost two weeks later . What I noticed when I finally received my package was that while I spent more money to have expedited shipping , the seller decided to use the regular Postal Service which did not allow me to track nor did it provide a guaranteed 1-2 day shipping . This tells me that the extra money I spent for shipping went straight to their pockets rather to the shipping itself . Very unprofessional in all levels .
 I have a `` B300HD '' stapler that says on it that it uses `` SB35 '' staples . The product description says that they are for a `` B310HDS '' stapler . I thought I would try to use them since no staples for the B300HD were offered . They tend to jam the stapler but work part of the time . More information about what would work would have helped me .
 I purchased the four handset model of this phone at a big box store to replace a Panasonic model #KX - TG6444 which failed after several years of good service.My complaint with this phone is the terrible audio quality . The recorded messages are difficult to understand . Also , on several occassions I 've had to ask people to repeat themselves in order to understand what the had said . Cell phone calls are even worse than landline calls.This phone is going to be returned .
 I had done a search for inkjet transparencies and mistakenly thought that was what I was ordering . These are a bit thin and I do n't see the stripe they talk about , but they might work for some purposes . They 're just useless to me because they are n't coated for inkjet printers and the ink will never dry .
 Audio is very clear , however within three months it stopped ringing . I have to be close to it when a call is coming through , because the front lights up indicating that it is ringing . I just have to put up with a lot of missed calls until I purchase a ` RINGING PHONE again . '
 Want a phone that is off the hook without you 're knowing it ? Want to call customer support 6 times in one day until they finally tell you their system is down , please call back tomorrow ? If so , this is the phone for you ! I 've owned it for 24 hours and that 's long enough for me . What a waste of time and money .
 Do n't buy this phone . Yes , it has lots of really cool features - you can program it to recognize who is calling and play a pre-recorded -LRB- by you -RRB- message telling you who is calling - but after using it for about 6 months , the handset is barely working . Does n't help much to have a cordless when you have to hit the speaker button on the base to answer your calls .
 Trust me . Do n't buy this phone !
 Cool features ... know who is calling withoug trying to find the phone to look at the callerid , but the phone is terrible . Reception is non-existant . I think they built it with components left over from the first generation of cordless phones .
 I bought this phone because I own an AT&T and was so happy with the sound quality . It has so many features . The recording device is so clear and it was easy to set and program . I was very happy with it up until I made a call . There is a constant and distracting buzzing as well as static . I bought this phone yesterday and will return it today . If you do n't mind the static and want an inexpensive phone everything else works well.I ave tried several phone/ans machine combos and have come to the conclusion that you have to spend at least $ 90.00 to get good quality on all of the parts .
 I recieved a 9355 phone & answering system for Christmas . When the answering system took calls , MOST callers where cut off after 7-10 seconds when speaking at a normal speaking voice . I returned it for another unit and the same thing happened with the second 9355 phone system ! If the caller talks very loud or virtually yells the message in the phone , then then it does n't cut the caller off . We gave up on the 9355 and returned it for good !
 My mom has this phone and I 'm shopping for one to replace it . She paid a lot for the AT & T name , but never again . The answerer randomly does not record messages -LRB- ! -RRB- Also , when she answers the phone , the caller can not hear her until about a 10 second delay -LRB- see how many times you can say `` Hello ? '' in 10 seconds -RRB- . I would have given it a negative rating if available .
 I bought this phone , along with an AT&T Model 9341 -LRB- same as this one but no answering machine -RRB- about 1-1/2 years ago . It was complicated to set up , time consuming to edit -LRB- God forbid the power went out -- resetting the clock was a real pain -RRB- and after about six months the reception became poor -- unless you stood perfectly still , there was so much static you could hardly hear . On top of that , the microphone would go dead -- you could hear the caller but they could not hear you . If I tried to take it upstairs to use , it would not let me dial out -- it could n't seem to make a connection with the base . I finally took it and threw it in the trash , and the companion one I bought will not be far behind . As soon as I find a decent phone to buy to replace it , it 's history and I will NEVER buy another AT&T product .
 This phone IS NOT user friendly . Complete pain to set up , and then if you DO need more assistance than what the jumbled instruction book gives you , they ask you to call an 800 number ... an AUTOMATED help line ... a little robot woman tells you her best guess on how to fix your problem , then if that does n't work , you 're to call back on the same 800 number and press a certain number to shoot you straight to a live customer service rep. ... then a recording comes on saying `` sorry , our office ours are blah blah blah , please call back another time '' ... ha ! We 're taking it back and buying another brand of phone .
 This phone has horrible reception compared to other similar phones .
 I 'm only giving this phone one star for its decent answering machine . This phone has the worst reception of any phone I have tried . I bought it to replace my aging AT&T which I 've owned for eight years with no problem . I could not believe its cheap quality and poor reception . I am so disappointed to see the quality of AT&T phones go down the drain .
 I bought a 9350 . I 've gone through TWO warranty exchanges after problems , and even the third phone is now malfunctioning . The first two allowed callers to record messages -- and then every so often retained nothing . A couple friends asked why I never responded to their messages . Those are the ones who thought to ask -- who knows who else is out there thinking I did n't return their call . 3 phones , 3 sets of problems . 3 strikes . ATT is out .
 We bought this phone a month ago and it had all the features that we needed but it turned out a big disappointment . This phone was very warm -LRB- where the battery was located -RRB- . I called the manufacturer and they said that was pretty normal for this phone . Also , this stupid phone did not answer when I pick up the hand set , I had to push the call button even when it was on the cradle . Do not buy it because it can cause a fire in your house !!!
 this phone stinks because it has a messed up ringer . It takes 10 seconds for it to pick up you cant hear the person on the other line and if you go like another room away it knocks out so if i was a person looks for a new phone definetly do not buy this product because it sucks !
 Phone hangs up on current call if another call is received -LRB- with call-waiting-ID enabled -RRB- . Audio cuts out at low volumes -LRB- typical of all AT&T digital technology -RRB- . Annoyingly loud ringer -- no volume control . Poorly designed interface -- hard to access caller ID and stored numbers , each call logged must be deleted separately . Handset microphone stays on even when headset is plugged in . Low battery tone sometimes does not sound -- just hangs up on call .
 I purchased this phone 1 month ago because it had all the features I was looking for caller id , speaker phone , answering machine , head set , talking caller id , ect at a good price . The Phone is hard to program , the volume control is either too quiet or too loud , It takes forever to turn on when recieving a call and the worst part is reception is terrible ! It always has a buzzing sound ! I am not the only one in my family who thinks this . I have 2 family members -LRB- in other states -RRB- that bought the phone at the same time and now we have all returned them .
 I always purchase AT&T / Lucent phone products because they are durable and longlasting . But this particular phone had one problem after another . I agree with Portland entirely . Quite a disapointment ! I ended up with a terrific Vtech model , less expensive , same features , more versatility and NO PROBLEMS !
 One would think that a product made by a telephone company such as AT&T would be of outstanding quality . It is n't ! I 've now bought two of these phones for my mom and each has lasted only a year before breaking . The quality of the materials is terrible , the range is pathetic and the sound quality is dreadful . The only thing unique to this phone that has drawn others in -LRB- as evidenced by prior reviews -RRB- is the `` talking '' Caller ID that allows you to record a mini-announcement for up to ten pre-programmed callers . It is this feature alone that compelled my mom to insist on this model , but it is n't worth the headaches .
 I have had this phone for about 1 year and I am already searching for another phone to replace it . The reception is EXCEPTIONALLY poor . Simply moving or tilting your head will cause enough static to block out all conversation . Now the phone is randomly cutting off , -LRB- depending on where I standing -RRB- , even if I am in the same room as the main component of the phone ... . I will NEVER buy AT&T again .
 My husband and I thought this would be a neat phone and it does have some cool features , but what good is that when all your conversations are drowned out by constant static ? We changed the channel dozens of time and even tried to relocate it to another part of the house
 Love the answering machine , tho it 's got so many functions it 's not easy to use them all.Hate the phone - not rugged enough and audio is lousy . Using a headset helps but it does n't hang in the cradle with the headset plugged in . Slow to answer when you hit the button , and sometimes I have to pull the battery to reset the handset to get it working again.I expected better from AT&T ; .
 I just bought this phone a couple of weeks ago and so far I have not been too impressed . Twice now I have put the handset in the cradle for a recharge , the recharge light will come on and ten to twelve hours later I will find that it has not charged . There is an infernal hum that I can not get rid of and people complain that I sound hollow or distant . The small size makes it uncomfortable to cradle so I got an AT&T headset to use with it and that was even worse . If you buy this save the original packaging so you can return it .
 I 've always owned AT&T cordless phones due to the high quality of the phones . I decided on this phone with the same thoughts of AT&T quality on my mind . Boy was I disapointed . The phone was DOA out of the box . I charged it up for the required 12 hours but when I went to make a call there was no dialtone . I plugged in another phone to make sure that the line was ok and it was , plugged the new phone back in and nothing . I tried serveral steps per the manual but with no luck . I returned the phone and bought another make/model .
 This phone is a waste of shopping time , charging time , and shipping . The `` voice quality '' was horrible . The people on the other end had a metalic sound ... while I sounded like I was talking through a tunnel . The phone would not hold a charge , and had a constant hum . ... Save yourself time , do n't even think about buying this phone to begin with .
 I was very disappointed with this phone . The sound is tinny and always has a lot of hissing . When I first speak there is a startling echo.So far as the range goes , I live on a 4000 square foot lot , and there is noticable drop-off -LRB- the sound becomes choppy and incoherent -RRB- at the edges of my small property . I would have expected much greater range from DSS.I returned the phone .
 AT&T CORDLESS PHONES ARE FOR THE MOST PART LIKE THEIR TRADITIONAL PHONE SERVICE , OVERPRICED AND HAVE NOTHING SPECIAL TO OFFER . IF YOU PURCHASE A CORDLESS PHONE , FOR HEAVEN SAKES GET ONE THAT IS AT LEAST A DIGITAL 900MHZ . -LRB- NOT ANALOG -RRB- PREFERRABLY GET A 900 MHZ.DSS -LRB- DIGITAL SPREAD SPECTRUM -RRB- . THEY BOTH WILL OFFER SECURITY OVER A 900 MHZ.ANALOG -LRB- WHICH HAS NO SECURITY -RRB- , AND THE DSS PHONE SHOULD PROVIDE EXTRODINARY RANGE AS WELL.STICK TO PANASONIC , OR MODEL 1711 DSS.VTECH . I CAN GET A RANGE OF OVER .25 MILE ON ALL 3 OF THE VTECH 1711 'S THAT I OWN ...
 After a two months , the phone started dropping calls . Then the battery charger stopped working . After complaining to AT&T , they sent me a new one under the warranty . Guess what ? It drops calls too . You 're continually having to remove the battery from the handset and/or unplugging the base unit to `` reset '' the phone . I 'm currently shopping for a new phone to replace this piece of garbage .
 We bought this phone after a previous Lucent 900MHz digital phone died after about 2 years of good service . After about a month with this phone , it has lost charge on both batteries , there is signal interference -LRB- that we never experience with the previous digital phone -RRB- , and the range is flaky . This is a bad phone . I 'm really disappointed with AT&T and Lucent . I now understand why their stock prices have taken such a beating .
 I bought it because I like the 900 analog phone of AT&T . I like it size & shape and light weight . I expected that 900 digital will be better , well , I was wrong . I has been working for almost a month then it 'd just gone blank , no signal of any kind . The telephone set is very warm while charging makes holding it quite uncomfortable . The dial buttons are very hard to press & insensitive , I have to used extra efforts to press them frequently . Clearity is no better than the 900 analog , I recived lots of compaints from the person whom I called , espeacially when I used it in front of a computer , I had to change to speak on a normal phone . Keep your money to buy something else , it 's just a waste of $ 50 .
 The major feature that I wanted was volume . It gave me that and that is about it . There is a static that will not go away when the phone is in use . The manuel tells you to do several things if there is static and if none work then you are out of luck . None worked for me . I will never buy an ATT phone again .
 I would also like to take this opportunity to express my extreme disappointment in the phones I ordered . Unfortunately , the 2 phones I purchased are useless . I have used AT&T phones in the past with great satisfaction , so I knew to trust a 900 MHz with digital spread spectrum . This was not the case . The phone has had a buzzing sound since I first started using it over a week ago . I also gave this as a gift and the person using it complains of a hollow sound and buzzing noise.I suffered the consequence for buying a cheaper phone . It is cheap quality and not even usable . I am returning the product for a refund .
 This is the most horrible piece of garbage you could possibly waste your money on . Even if someone gave me this piece of poop I would fly over the Pacific Ocean and drop it into the deepest spot I could find . The battery lasts about 10 minutes and I can not seem to make it pick up if I have voice mail waiting . I think I am going to package this thing up with the slinkiest pile of dog caca I can find and mail it to my worst freakin enemy . I believe the combination of this phone and a hot steaming pile of dog crap will convey the message that I despise their very existence . So , save your money and if you really want some crap , I will send you some , I have time . This thing is truly Garbage , poop , caca , crap , and not worth your money . If I could give this zero stars , I would .
 I purchased this phone when Amazon . com was running a rebate special -- the phone 's final price was -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- . Well , the phone is worth about -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- ! It does have some nice features such as digital spread and speed dial . Plus , the design is rather compact . However , the sound is not too clear and calls get dropped . Furthermore , this phone constantly caused my phone line to stop working -LRB- granted , I also had a computer and answering machine hooked up -RRB- . After a few months , I decided to buy a Michael Graves phone from Target -LRB- also available through Amazon -RRB- -- that phone works perfectly and my phone line is in tact !
 I purchased 2 AT&T 900 Mhz DSS phones and was disappointed that after 2 months , both handsets were not communicating with the base unit.The handsets establish an open connection and tie the line up , but I ca n't get a dial tone . Its nice to hear the phone ring , pick it up , and get nothing . I would stay clear of this one .
 Not very satisfied with the sound quality of a previous analog 900MHz phone , I purchased this one hoping the DSS would improve that . That was a mistake.Since I travel a lot and my wife prefers to use a cordless phone I got this . I find myself constantly asking her to repeat herself when I 'm on the road since the phone is so `` quiet '' to those on the other end . A fairly loud talker on the phone , I 've had people ask me to speak up because they ca n't hear me . As far as hearing others on this phone , it is way too quiet , even with the volume turned all the way up . While I never encoutered static or interference on this phone , the fact it is way too quiet made me start to consider a new phone.The final straw in this story is the phone itermittantly would pick up , but the ear piece is dead . This happend mainly when answering a call , but then started to do this mid-conversation . People can hear you , but you ca n't hear them . Finally , last week , this problem went from intermittant to constant . AVOID THIS PHONE !!!!
 Very cheap phone , horriable reception , poor quality . Worst AT&T phone ever
 This phone was bad from the start . It had an ecoh sound and the range was only 50 feet before it started to have really bad audio . It refused to connect with the base often -LRB- BEEP BEEP -RRB- . The power plug would spark when plugged in to the base . Then it would refuse to charge . I charged the battery manually for a while but now it wo n't come on at all , it just gives it 's familiar `` beep beep '' error sound . I spent -LSB- alot of money -RSB- on this thing new and I 'm -LSB- mad -RSB- .
 Phone was great out of the box ... . but it lasted about two months then died . Do n't bother .
 I purchased this phone from a national electronics store thinking that AT&T would make a good phone . Wrong ! After a couple of months , the line buzzes when used , it occasionally does n't pick a channel when used , and after a while it stopped disconnecting/charging when the phone was placed on the base . I replaced it with a 4 year old Panasonic 900Mhz -LRB- and bought a new Panasonic as well -RRB- . I have owned 900Mhz phones made by AT&T , Panasonic and VTech and Panasonic phones seem to have the best range , sound and features for the money -LRB- especially in New York City where there is a lot of interference -RRB- .
 I got a chance to test this device rather than buy it and was sadly dissappointed . As slow as video over phone lines can be , this device only comes with a 33.6 modem instead of a standard 56k modem built in . The configuration interface is primitive , using the phone keypad to maneuver through the menu , reminiscent of old DOS programs . The screen can be toggled between pc or camera view . There is no way to open a window on the desktop to show the camera view . And as far as this being advertised as a surveillance camera or baby monitor , the only thing you 're going to monitor will have to be in the same room as you because of the length of the monitor cable . I ca n't imagine paying so much for so little .
 As another reviewer mentioned , after about one year of use -LRB- although ... I do n't think I got quite that much -RRB- this footrest started to crack down the middle . Before that , it seemed fine ... worked well . But , I am honestly surprised that the manufacturer could n't find a way to reinforce the plastic better -- huge design flaw IMO .
 i have to get another one after a year of use because it 's literally splitting down the middle .
 Mine cracked too - in half ! Which is why I 'm browsing Amazon for another footrest .
 If I was able to give it Zero Stars I would . The foot rest started to crack down the middle . At first it was a minor crack and I was OK with it . But after a few months the thing has completly cracked down the middle and is useless now . I would seriously recommend buying another foot rest as this one is not up to par . Major design flaw on the part of Kensington .
 I was disappointed with the quality of this product . The height adjustments were not all usable , since the angle of the adjustment slot only allowed one position to be used . It 's usable , and I 'm keeping it , but I would n't recommend it .
 The audio on the cordless phone is really bad quality . The voices crackle a little over the phone and seems a little muffled like on a walkie talkie . Theres some static too when people talk . Not every good . I wasted my money on this .
 It never got a dial tone ! I do n't know who to ship it back to or how to get my money back -LRB- that is the least important ... I just want one that works -RRB- .
 This looked like great value and it does have some nice features . But it is not expandable for more handsets , baffles people not used to it and worst of all lasted just over a year before death . Stick to Uniden ; Panasonic has class action suits against them for their poor quality cordless phones .
 The desk is good and works ok but the company has absolutly no customer support . I called them about a dented piece and they referred me back to Amazon who had to send me a whole new desk !! The desk deserves more stars but I can only make this a one star review because of the manufacturer/importer 's policies toward customers .
 This is a roll of bubble wrap which is just fine . The packaging is way too big , about 3 times what is needed . This has an effect on the decision to purchase this as you have to get rid of the waste
 I purchased this product because of the price but the quality was apparently cheap . I shipped a record to one of my customers who in turn told me that the bubble wrap left impressions on the cover and the vinyl . He was able to get the impressions off the vinyl but they are permanent on the cover . He now has a record with about a hundred little circles permanently impressed upon it . Very disappointing . I will not buy this product again . Yes , you do get what you pay for ...
 I expect when I buy bubble wrap for there to be air in the bubbles . In many sheets of this pack , the air was gone and all that was left was the plastic . Kind of a rip-off .
 This product is described as being perforated , and I can find some of the perforations . But they are very hard to see , if they really are there consistently . Most of the time , I end up cutting to get a clean edge.I 've used several kinds of bubble wrap in large rolls -LRB- including this brand , I thought -RRB- , and find perforations necessary for efficient use.So I 'm disappointed . I would think about returning this , but ca n't quite imagine mailing such a huge roll . Also , I need bubble wrap right now , so need to hang on to this , even though I have to use scissors .
 I bought this in Feb of 2011 . I used it to shred documents only and a relatively light use . It broke down few weeks ago and after calling different places in the company , I was finally advised to return it to Royal 's warranty department -LRB- 1 year warranty still in effect -RRB- . I spent more than $ 40 to send it back and still waiting for the replacement . I felt like being forced to pass through a gauntlet to discourage the return . Very bad costumer service . I will update when & if I will finally receive the replacement . This is my first complaint about any product , although I have purchased many from Amazon for the past few years.UPDATE
 See my pics above . Product was great until , as another reviewer wrote , a loud sound came from within and it stopped working . I was only shredding a few papers , nowhere near the advertised 15-sheets . When I took the unit apart , I was shocked to find 2 heavy duty gears AND 2 light duty plastic gears . So , under a load , one plastic gear stripped rendering the unit useless.ALL of the gears should be metal !! Terrible .
 I used this for shredding paper about once per week for 3 years before it quit in the middle of shredding paper . I picked out all the paper parts and turned it back on . The gears will run until paper is inserted and then stop.When it was working , it was VERY loud . I would not recommend this shredder .
 worked great , for a few weeks . Then it broke and we had to throw it away ...
 I thought I had a winner until I used it to shred a CD -LRB- which it is advertised to do -RRB- . After one CD the machine no longer works at all . As a paper shredder it worked great and I would recommend it , but unless my case is an exception , you might think twice about considering it a `` heavy-duty '' shredder .
 I thought I 'd finally solved my shredder problem , as I had gone through at least 3 Fellowes shredders over the course of the last 7 years or so . I only shred about 10 pages a day on average , and every so often I shred a whole banker 's box of old receipts , etc. . That 's what I was doing today when it jammed - and made a terrible noise as it did so . We took it apart , but could n't find anything . It 's still jamming . I will probably have to scrap it . It did seem to be a little more robust ; the plastic parts to either side of the blades are more sturdy than on the Fellowes shredders . But the blade mechanism is exactly the same . I wish I could say , `` Buy this other kind - the blades are better/different , '' but I do n't have any idea if such a thing exists for less than $ 1500 .
 The second time I used this machine to shred checks and bank statements it stripped a pinion gear and is useless . Since the original shipping & handling was $ 53.15 , it not worth trying to send it back for repair . Bought a Fellowes DM15C at Costco for a lower delivered cost . It is a far superior machine -- faster , more powerful and defect free .
 It worked good until the nylon gear stripped . I only used it for at home shredding . I tried to not over stuff it as instructed , but all of a sudden it started making a slight clicking sound then it quit shredding , however the motor is still trying to engage the gears , but the one nylon gear has a bad spot on it . If you get it off that bad spot the gear spins one rotation until it hits the spot again . It will be cheaper to buy a new one than have this one repaired . I bought it at Sam 's for $ 99 and got one year out of it !
 I was very disappointed with this dictionary . First , the battery does not hold a charge for very long . According to the manufacturer this is normal . It must be recharged every two weeks or the battery goes dead . The translations are often spelled differently than most Romanji dictionaries , e.g. `` konnichiha '' instead of `` konnichiwa '' . Although technically the spelling is correct , it is not a common spelling anymore . Many of the words are poorly translated . The same company makes a very inexpensive translator that does several languages that is more than adequate for travel . If you are looking to learn Japanese , look elsewhere for a translator . I have purchased superior English-Chinese electronic dictionaries and sentence translators for far less than this costs .
 As with the above reviewer , I also received a defective product . I ordered this through Unbeatable Sales , -LRB- which could also use some improvement in customer service , but that 's a whole other review ... -RRB- and it arrived several days before my trip to Japan.When I opened it up and pressed the ` on ' button , the device turned on and prompted me to calibrate the screen , as with many touch screen devices . After calibrating the four corners and the center , the device simply froze . Every button pressed responded with a `` beep '' and would do nothing . Even the on/off button would n't work ! I had to power it off by removing the battery.Next , I powered it back on and decided to skip the screen calibration part by pressing `` skip calibration '' . After touching this choice , the device froze again . And again I had to remove the battery to turn the device off ; the on/off button responded with a `` beep '' just like every other button pressed on the device.After repeating this several times , removing batteries and using just AC power , etc. , I realized the product was defective . Unfortunately , my departure for japan was the next day , and I am here now without a translator , which would have been extremely helpful . A trip to Akihabara yielded plenty of translators , but all of them made for Japanese speakers looking to translate into English , as the buttons are in Japanese.The first thing that jumped out at me and was probably a harbringer of things to come , was the numerous disclaimers on the front page of the manual , basically stating that Ectaco is not liable for anything . My confidence in this product took a sharp turn downward after reading that and sure enough , the device would n't work . Since I am out of the country for 3 months , I am sure I will have problems trying to get service or restitution for this once I return . I simply left the device on my kitchen counter before I left , seeing as how it was pretty much useless . And my product was priced at $ 489 , purchased before the present price cut of $ 100 . Lastly and most importantly , this is not a `` translator '' as in the way that you can go on to babelfish and type in a paragraph and have the results translated for you into your language of choice . This is an electronic dictonary and a phrasebook . I actually knew this before my purchase , but I just want to explicitly point this out for those considering this type of device . This device can
 I am about to return my second translator to the company , which , by the way , has VERY strict rules regarding returns so be careful . The first unit froze up on the first day of use . Parts of menus remained on the screen and I had to pull the battery out to re-set it because it would n't turn off . My second unit came out of the box with only 1/2 of the screen working , the other 1/2 is white . It looks like it works other than the screen , but still , for that much money they should n't fail on the first day out of the box !
 I only used this for a few days before the top prong developed a gap that now rips all my pages . :-LRB- Definitely NOT heavy duty . Complete waste of money .
 I planned to use this to hold my band 's music which had become too thick for a 2 inch binder . And the description as `` Heavy-Duty '' sounded good.But I soon realized that in the binder I received the three rings , especially the middle one , did not close completely . So each time I would move the pages to one side or other other they would catch on the slightly open rings . Sometimes this meant that the middle hole of several of the turned pages would pop out of the ring . All in all an unusable product .
 I have several of these -LRB- 4 older same avery # and 3 newer -RRB- sadly the new ones no longer come with the metal opening lever . Pictures shown on Amazon are still of the old metal tabbed version not the weak plastic ones that are being shipped in the last few months . The new ones seem more pron to catching pages also when you try to flip more than half an inch of content .
 I bought this box to lock prescription drugs away from the children . The lock is so flimsy and hard to roll between the numbers . After having it for a several weeks I finally got around to trying to set the combination and had to go online for instructions . The numbers got stuck and I could n't set the combo . Now , it wo n't clasp at all . It 's completely WORTHLESS . I contacted the manufacturer and they could n't care any less . To say the least , I am completely dissatisfied with this product and even more dissatisfied that Vaultz does n't stand by its products . DO NOT BUY THIS .
 Pros
 No good - ca n't make a phone call out unless I go through settings and reset flash time - every time I 'm going to make a call . Do n't bother with it - lucky I only paid $ 11.00 . Just threw it out .
 I purchased this item for our church office because it looked really pretty and sturdy . We had been using cardboard mail slots for the past several years and they were really breaking down . When I began putting the product together , I noticed that even though I put the dowels in halfway , that when you used a mallet to secure the top and bottom , the veneer popped right through the top and bottom of the product . Also , the shelves are simply resting on 1/4 inch metal dowels , so they are not secured and when you reach your hand in to get the mail out , the shelves fall down and all the mail slides out . Needless to say , I returned the product for a full refund . Amazon is amazingly easy to use for returns and refunds !
 Fairly easy to put together - just look at the pictures . We did n't push hard to put together and the dowels popped through the veneer . Bubbles in the veneer as well . Also , there is n't room to write names . Would be nice if there was a place to put the names on the boxes . Would 've been easy for the designers of the shelving unit .
 was of very poor quality . we intended to use it for time cards and various correspondence for our employees , which it did not work for but we did find another use for it .
 i mean , they fit a small book or dvd . but thats it . theyre just super wierd looking . but they work .
 I was expecting white and these are a dingy gray . I wanted to use them for large odd sized Christmas cards and could not do it because these look like they are for some industrial parts or something . The description says , `` white . '' I may be able to use them for something ... not sure what ! I opened the one package and tried to use one of them so I ca n't return them . Wasted money ! They may be great for parts and things you want to be sure are dry , but for me and my project ... did n't even come close to what I expected . Sorry .
 The photo shows a shirt in the bag . But the bag is too small for a shirt . It 's good for a pair of socks or underwear .
 I was extremely disappointed in the quality of these mailers . They are very thin and prone to tears . I have to use 2 bags to ship most items .
 I was very excited to receive this product based on many reviews , however I am HIGHLY disappointed with these poly shipping bags . They are SUPER thin . -LCB- I ca n't stress that enough -RCB- . I read a few reviews that they were difficult to tear ; this is not true . They could practical rip in half if you look at them wrong . It took very little tugging effort to rip a bag into several little pieces . I have had to double and triple layer the bags so that my orders can reach their destinations until I can re-order a different brand of poly bags . These were HORRIBLE !
 These are more like plastic sandwich bags . I ca n't put a DVD in them to mail it . Am going to return .
 I have ordered Poly mailers several times from Amazon and they have always been wonderful with a nice thickness that wo n't tear and lined inside.The mailers that I received this time are very thin plastic bag like , with no lining . Horrible ! There is no way I can use these for mailing out customers orders . I am returning them today . Amazon says in an email that I received from them that they got them from an outside seller called Amamax . I would stay away from them !
 I have ordered this type of bag from Amazon many times however this shipment was of a much different quality and the change was not good . The bags feel very thin and had no shape at all . Not sure why the same exact item would be so different .
 Glorified plastic bag . Thought I was ordering a bubble padded mailer . Plastic is very thin . Not sure if these would break in mail .
 When I did an Amazon search for &#34; padded envelopes &#34; this was the first item that came up in the search results . I wanted padded envelopes , but when I got them realized they are n't padded at all . These are fine for shipping soft clothing items but worthless for everything else . I blame Amazon 's search function , and my failure to figure out that &#34; poly &#34; does n't necessarily mean &#34; padded &#34; .
 This product was difficult to put together . It took me an hour to finally get all the pieces to fit and tighten the screws , etc. . There was a mistake in the first set of instructions . When it was finally put together the product looked nice . There are sparkles on the flowers and buttlerflies and the colors are vibrant . However , the stool is not very sturdy and the materials are very cheap .
 We found the product on Amazon at a good price with a reasonable delivery time . Ordered 52 of them and they arrived today . Great shipping speed . One problem . They are not what we thought we ordered.We liked the color of the product on the web page and had no suspicion that we would be getting mixed colors instead of a single color as displayed . This sure screws up our ideas about using color of the folders to help delineate years . I sure wish that they had said something , might have used a different brand .
 I purchased this unit because after looking at the software is seemed relatively easy to use . The first unit arrive broken . The second arrived intact and worked as Dymo intended but not as I wish it would . The problem stems from the fact that the machine acommadates four different tape sizes , but only two cartridge sizes . If you put a larger tape in , for instance one inch , rather than 3/4 inch , you are stuck with the margin limitations of the 3/4 tape and thus smaller fonts . No way to override this is software .
 I requested Avery 5160 labels . I got Avery labels , but not the ones I asked for . I received 8460s . They are similar in size , but not exact . I had to move my data over in order to print correctly on the left side , which means that I wasted an entire sheet until I figured out the problem . When you order 5160 , you should GET 5160 . The package was received quickly.I wo n't use this vendor again .
 After passing the heating element i my Xerox color laser , the toner does n't stick properly . It smudges when you put the labels on an envelope . Looks bad ! Ca n't use them for my business !!
 These labels are fine as labels but when you use the template in word for them , they do not measure up and cross print on top of each other/in the margins.I was able to find a fix online , but it is a shame Avery has n't just fixed the template or been more thorough with their measurements :[ ... -RSB-
 I have the Avery address labels 5160 . My wife asked me to print some Christmas labels -LRB- which I have done in the past -RRB- . This time however , several of the labels came off the sheet in the laser printer . I was able to get most of them out of the printer , but at least one is still in the printer because whenever I print a page , I can see its outline on the page . I think the label is stuck to the drum and ruined the $ 600 color laser printer . Beware if you use these labels .
 Please go buy another product . If you want to do iron-on transfers , there are MUCH better options than this one . First complaint
 Only after opening the package was I able to read that I have to do this on a hard , smooth , heat-resistant surface . These instructions , of which there is no hint on the outside of the package , state that I can not use an ironing board , glass , granite , concrete , heat sensitive or heat-sink surfaces . They specifically recommend formica , but I do n't have any!Also , nothing here says I can use a 100 % cotton t-shirt , but I could n't find white cotton/poly blends.And this does n't apply to me , but they do not put this on the package and I think it 's pretty important . This paper will not work in HP Deskjet 1200C and 1600C printers because they apply heat.I understand simplicity of package design , but they are missing some critical info . It dupes people into buying what they can not use . But then , maybe that 's the point .
 I follow the directions and it still turns up cheap . I need at least a semi professional looking shirt ... I even washed it before use and it will just crack on the shirt . What if I 'm doing it wrong ? Regardless even after I take a fresh sheet out of the box the paper has little scratches in it so when I go to transfer you see those scratches . I ca n't work with this .
 I 've tried using this product twice now and I had trouble getting the release paper off and made a big mess . The small size like this apparently came with the wrong instructions but the instructions with this larger size was n't a whole lot better . I had no luck with it maybe it 's my iron but I 'm giving up trying maybe you will have better luck then me .
 I do n't usually do product reviews but was so angered by this product that I just had to write something . I ended up ruining 3 items that i was trying to iron some words onto because once i ironed the printed sheet onto the fabric , I could n't peel it off !! It reminded me of when i try to take off a price tag but half of it ends up sticking to the item and then you have to get `` goo-gone '' to get it off . So I had to get a wet washcloth and scrub off the backing which revealed the letters I wanted to show but then it had a white halo around the words ... ugh - it was horrible . My cloth envelopes I was trying to label look horrible , at the very best . I am still trying to find a way to salvage them.I am not sure what i will buy now but to be sure i will not be using this again !!
 Do your homework , read reviews before buying T-shirt transfers and find some that work . The Avery brand transfers do not work . It took almost two of these packs just to get two shirts out of and even those two were very bad looking . These are a total waste of money ! I would have given it zero stars if that were possible .
 This product is no good . Did not transfer at all . The one for dark fabric is rotten also . Do n't waste your money on it . These should not be on the market !! A total waste .
 When I bought this , I was searching for was a portable adding machine with tape to do taxes on the go . This is not it . The item does feature what it calls ` add mode ' but the only thing this mode does is the fix the decimal at 2 places . It does NOT emulate the proper keystroke sequence of an adding machine . If you are doing adding machine style data entry , the final result on the display may be right , but the tape will show the wrong result every time . If you want the tape to be correct , you have to use calculator style entry order . Is it honestly that hard to scale down an adding machine ? Not a single accountant at Sharp even tried this product before it went out the door . The keypad action is decent enough , considering the size . It does have the annoying tendency to occasionally and spontaneously issue keystrokes when moved . If you are doing a long calculation , or running a tape , do n't move it until you get your final result .
 I was disappointed when I received the labels . The labels came individually - a square , 1/4 of a full sheet of the paper , so you really had to manipulate them into the printer . The labels came bent with yellow edges , as if it was sitting a shelf for years . Although it says you can use with STOMP , they never specified that you needed a specific version of the software . I had to call the company to get this info . The version upgrade was free , but a hassle .
 Like another reviewer , I received CD Labels NOT the DVD Labels that were pictured . I called Avery and they confirmed that the product number -LRB- 8692 -RRB- is only for paper CD Labels , and that DVD labels are sold under product number -LRB- 8962 -RRB- . I am returning these because Avery advised that the CD labels will not stand up to the additional heat generated by DVD players.I have rated this one star , because I have no need for CD labels . The rating is for Amazon 's internet display which is misleading , not the product which I assume works well as a CD label . If that is what you are looking for , it may be fine for that limited use.I hope that this review will spare others the inconvenience of having to return the item .
 The package I received says `` Matte White CD Labels '' and not `` Matte White CD/DVD Labels . '' Not sure if this makes a difference , but I figured that it did n't . The labels fit DVDs , however the quality is inferior to the first set of labels that I purchased . My main complaint is that the labels have a slight bend when you remove the backing . This makes it difficult to apply the label to the DVD -LRB- I use the applicator -RRB- , and I destroyed several labels and DVDs before figuring out a method to have it apply correctly . The very first set of labels that I bought from Avery peeled `` flat , '' and it was a breeze to apply . Not the case for this set .
 These labels are a pain . They fold over on themselves , are difficult to remove from the backing and hard to put on .
 These are a little too thick/heavy weight to easily feed into a home printer - I recommend purchasing the box of 400 which are slightly lighter/thinner but still sturdy enough for mailing and feed into a printer much more easily .
 The perforations do not tear well and it is obvious that you have used perforated paper . Do not turn out professional at all . Will not use these again .
 I was frustrated beyond belief trying to print with these cards on a brand new Epson All-In-One printer . It recognized that the paper was present probably 1 out of 20 times and only printed a handful of cards in 2 hours of trying . When I called Epson , they said heavy card stock does n't work on their printers . I have to now spend a bunch of money at Kinko 's to finish my project , so , NO , THIS ITEM IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MOST INKJET PRINTERS .
 but this item made me want to throw it and my printer out the window . I jammed constantly when I was printing several hundred postcards . I had to feed it in one sheet at a time . I ended up using about 3 packs of these , so I do n't think it was just a bad pack . Absolutely horrible .
 Do n't buy this product . After printing off a few pages , the printer was n't able to spool the postcard paper anymore for printing and it kept jamming . I 'm now left with hundreds of sheets of useless postcard paper .
 I was disappointed with how small this was ; I just wanted a large calculator with large keys so I can casually tap out numbers when doing my bills . I have an old Sharp Elsimate EL-334F that is just perfect . I was hoping this one was the same size , but it 's not . It 's going back .
 Nice looking card but the paper is too thin -- do not `` feel '' right . When you to hand one to a client they will think the thin card stock has a cheap feel .
 I now have tried for the SECOND time to try to make this product work with their `` DesignPro '' program . Is is far from intuitive and it literally took me hours to finally prepare my cards for printing . Then the fun REALLY began ! They give you a `` template '' to use to line up your printing , except they DO N'T tell you that the alignment will change when you finally put in the product and hit `` Print '' . The first go round I wasted many sheets and gallons of expensive Canon ink to finally get some usable cards . I STILL had to recut them them with my `` chopper '' cutter to clip away white edges . Now , after this second try , I feel better because I have dumped all of the wasted sheets and remaining product in to my recycle bin . Never again !! I 'll either find a product that actually works , or I 'll have my cards done by someone else . It would be much less expensive than wasting my time and ink with this product .
 Although this is an Avery product , it is defect . I had to change/adjust the template so many times , perforation does not feed well , so basicly at least 1/2 of the packet had to be disposed ... . Buy it at Staples in small quality quantity . Waste of money , ink and lots of time .
 The printing and online templates are easy and fast , but overall I can not endorse this product because they are just too flimsy . They are about to the thickness of a professional card , and it really shows . Also , the perforations are not as flawless as others have reported , and of course I bent them as gently as I was instructed . You can purchase professionally printed cards for about $ 15-20 + shipping , sometimes cheaper ... you decide if it 's worth it .
 Just picked up a $ 13 pack of these at Office Depot . I was hesitant to get them because I worried that the final product would be lacking , but I figured between the price of the product and the quality of my printer , I could n't go too wrong . Well , my initial instinct was right . I used Avery 's online card designer along with this paper and lost three sheets because it kept printing my design over the margins . When I finally did get it to print correctly , I was very disappointed with the card 's feel . The package boasts `` extra sturdy , '' but it just does n't feel like a quality cardstock and the edges , although not a disaster , are n't perfectly clean . My conclusion is that for most professional purposes , this card lacks the kinds of authority you 'd want . Definitely would n't feel comfortable handing it to a client . Two stars because I can see it working just fine as a social card -LRB- not a business card -RRB- , and I appreciate the effort on Avery 's part for providing simple-to-use software .
 Amazon REALLY needs to demand complete info from sellers . First
 Ended up not using them . Not what I expected . Made my own post cards using 1/2 sheet photo paper and 1/2 sheet shipping labels .
 Unless you are going to have a border on your cards these will not work . The two cards touch on the page with no space to print edge to edge images .
 I will never buy anything from Avery again . Worst customer service and they do n't have any templates for the CD stomper 98107 product i SPECIFICALLY purchase the pruduct for !
 I realize the time for returns have expired . however I do not have money to waste . So I am requesting a refund anyway . I have CD labeling software that I used with prior computers . If the old software was compatable with a newer laptop , I would have used it . I did not open the software because I did n't need it until now . When I am in a creative mood , I enjoy making labels . Just for fun . I saw the ad for this software Avery 98107 CD-Stomper Pro CD Applicator with Software and Labels and so I ordered one just to have on hand.My daughter , who works for a non-profit group on Maui , mentioned needing to make and label 100 's of cd 's . I recomennded they purchase these from Amazon and have each employee do 50 or so . I decided that maybe I should try this myself first before recommending it . I am so glad that I did . Lo ' and Behold , my hp which is 2 years old , would n't even recognize the autorun . So I tried with the start key . Since this did n't work , I decided to read the inserts further . This software is 10 years old . The date is 2001-2002 . This old stuff can harm your computer.You should have advertised your product to someone looking for older software . Some people are , however , I am not one of them . This stomper is n't even used anymore . The phone number on the Technical Support does not even work either . It has been disconnected . Iguess that it is old-just like the software . . I have a few boxes of software that I have n't opened-from stores that I trust.Pleses just refund my entire price paid-39 .95 . AND DO NOT DEDUCT ANY FEES for an item that should never have been advertised or sold , on Amazon . I would also expect a free shipping label so that I can return this . I have endured enough inconvenience related to this item .
 I bought this product for my photography CDs , while the sticker itself is amazing -LRB- I 've never used the stomper , it is n't worth it -RRB- Design Pro , will force close several times while I am trying to complete a project.It is very aggravating .
 I could n't get the labeling wizard to work . I called Software Support and was told that Avery no longer supports this product , so the wizard would no longer work . The only thing I could do on his software was to create the labels from scratch ! If I had to create labels from scratch , I would n't have spent $ 23 on this product !!! Unfortunately the package had already been opened so I ca n't take it back . At least I can still use the blank labels and the CD Stomper applicator that were included in the pacakge . Next time , I will read reviews before opening a software package.If you are looking for a CD labeling software , download a trial version of the Acoustica CD Label Maker and see if it works for you .
 I have not been very happy with my CD Stomper . I have a difficult time getting the CDs and labels to line up properly . Often , the label overhangs the edge of the CD a little bit . The perforation around the middle of the labels show whether or not I pop the center out . It usually take me two sheets of labels to get one good label , and I waste two or three CDs . You can not remove the label once it 's on there , because it peels the foil off the CD.The labels do look nice and peel off the backing very easily . When it lines up right , the CDs look great.I chose to use another program to create and edit CD labels . The only template Avery has is in Microsoft Word format , and it did not line up right when I printed it . So I made my own template.Overall , I found the CD Stomper to be OK , but I would not choose to purchase this again knowing what I know now . Our CDs looked much better and cost less time and effort when I printed directly on to the CD .
 The quality of the labels are simply poor ; low-grade paper makes them very flimsy . What makes this an even worse package is the software . It does not install properly and keeps prompting you for files . Overall a very bad product . Avoid at all cost !
 I 've only used the Stomper labels and they are fine , but please be aware that they have a destructive impact on your cdr 's . The glue , the ink from your printer perhaps , the labels not being perfectly centered - all cause problems . I 've been labelling some of my cdrs for 10 years now , and the older labelled ones have become unplayable
 the Stomper cd labeling system is good but could use much improvement.The labels do not pickup reproducibly on by HP Inkjet printer because the label stock does not go allthe way to the edge of the backing sheet.I have used hundreds of sheets of the labeles and I have come to these conclusions.This problem has caused me to waste dozons of pages of the labels . The tabs on the labels come off too easily sometimes making it very difficlt to use the stomperThe software that comes with sucks . I use Surething CD labeler Deluxe 3.12 in place the enclosed software.The applicator works well but does not usually give perfect centering . I find that it is usually off by ~ 1 mm.In summery , I miss the IBM labels that they stopped making .
 I used the original CD Stomper for many , many years and never had one problem . I bought the new version and it 's such a huge downgrade . Why do I have to calibrate my printer when I did n't before ? Even after you calibrate your printer , the text still is never perfectly on the label , I 've wasted so much ink and labels trying to get this stupid thing centered and it never prints perfectly . Oh & the side tabs never rip off cleanly , my cds have to look atleast half-way professional when I send them out to clients , and it does n't look too good with tear marks on the each side of the label ... this product is JUNK.Thanks for ruining a great product guys .
 I am not happy with this product at all . All of this was done on a Lenovo T60 Thinkpad with Intel Core Duo and ATI mobile graphics ... Pros
 I bought this product and was big fan in 2009 when I was able to create awesome looking labels for a school project using their online program . This year , when logging on to their website , I first had trouble opening it and called customer services who said it is down and they hope to have it fixed soon . The next day I was able to open their website and use their program only to get to the print button which does n't work in google chrome , my preferred browser for many reasons . So I called customer service again who blamed it on a Acrobat Reader error and said i need to uninstall it and reinstall it so I used IE to open the program online and print but it still wo n't print . I saved it as . pdf and tried to open and print and it opens , but does NOT print . So I am stuck with CD labels that I can not print on . Customer service is rude and of no help , but only desire to blame other programs . Well , I guess customer service did show me how to save as a . pdf at least through a much more difficult way than it should be . Otherwise , if you try to save the project , it saves as . avery and your computer wo n't open it . Lots of problems with this company ! I recommend going with a product which you can design with reliable programs .
 I was mostly interested in the stomper when making this purchase , the template software was secondary . I am fairly fluent in using different types of software in the normal course of my business , -LRB- MS Publisher , Adobe Photoshop -RRB- . Just trying to insert a picture file required many steps and was extrememly awkward to use.Additionally I had problems with the printing lining up on the label sheet . I would print on plain paper first , hold the page up to the light with the label page and all would be good . Then I would run a sheet with the labels and it would be off by 1/2 '' . I have no idea why this would occur .
 cd/dvd labeling system was not what I expected . there were no dvd lables , just cd labels . Did get the labeler and that was what I wanted the most .
 Although this item is simple enough to use , it lacks quality . The adhesive on the labels is not sticky enough . I discover this when I burned a music CD and was getting disk error messages on my device . I ejected the disk to find that the label was not sticking on the edges of the disk . No matter how much you press and smooth it out , it continues to raise up . Also , the CD designs are very limited and unimaginative . Do n't waste your money .
 I find the product is usable on Mac OS 10.1.5 It crashes on opening in Mac OS 10.3 It has a few bugs , but I am very pleased by my final results.Before purchasing , you should check the support section of their web page and see if they will answer any question you might have , such as , will it work on your system ?
 If I had known that CD Stomper was made by Avery I would n't have bought it and that must be the reason it 's not listed on the box , -LRB- except in very small letters at bottom of box in copyright info -RRB- . Avery software is a disaster on MAC OS X. I find it close to impossible to print Avery 's own CD and CD templates properly using my trusty Canon MX-850 . The software is next to impossible to use and I ca n't get Avery 's labels to line up properly when printing them . Furthermore I just uninstalled their faulty software from my Mac earlier today . Luckily I read all the other bad reviews before opening the box . I will return this kit tomorrow for a refund . Lastly I do recommend purchasing Disc Cover 2 software from Amazon . DiscCover works very well with Mac OS X and it 's affordable , reliable software that prints almost every brand of CD , DVD , VHS template i can think of . I just wanted the CD stomper itself for aligning labels with CD 's but I will now purchase NEATO or MAXELL for that purpose . WARNING , MAC owners stay away from AVERY because they do n't seem to give a damn about the quality of their defective products !
 BUYER BEWARE , TOTAL RIPOFF!Software does n't load , customer service is useless , labels are garbage.I do n't often have the time to leave reviews , but made sure on this one as it is a ripoff , shame on you Avery !
 Purchased the CD Stomper CD/DVD Labeling System with included DesignPro 5.5 software . PROBLEM - the included label template is marked as template number x64025 ; my internet research shows that the actual label shape is something like template # 98101 , which is NOT INCLUDED in the templates list on the software.Net effect - the label design software appears INCAPABLE of making a label which will work with the provided labels . I have checked on the avery website , and this issue has been addressed to them , but I have seen no denial of the problem.Avery 's proposed solution
 I never received what I had ordered . The vendor tried to use a substitute I guess hoping that I would accept it .
 I bought it assuming the labeling stating Mac compatability was true . The software crashes every 5 seconds and is so far behind the PC version it 's a joke . There is no download for any update on the website except for PC . The Mac version is at 3.4.2 , while the PC version is up to 5 . I had to build my own template in Illustrator . Nice labels , guys , but thanks for nothing .
 I 've used CD Stomper for well over two years and I can attest that it is very easy to use . The software is intuitive and the labels look amazing on the CD -LRB- especially if you use the glossy labels with photographic level images . -RRB- I am a self proclaimed neat-nick and these labels have really dressed up my audio CD backups , software archive discs and DVD discs . Until recently I have been a devoted CD Stomper user and advocate.BEWARE ! The glossy labels will warp the disc over time . I 've never used the thinner , matte labels so have no experience with them or their archival quality . I went to view a DVD archive that I had labeled about 18 months ago and the discs are warped beyond usability . Thinking it must be inferior media -LRB- Datawrite brand -RRB- I started to check my archived discs and older audio CDs . The media brands of these other discs include
 As a person who spent months of aggrevation dealing with this company , I 'd like to offer a warning to anyone considering using this product.In 2003 , I purchased this software as part of a `` CD STOMPER '' package . Moments after installing it , I was told I needed an upgrade . After spending an unecessary amount of time getting the upgrade via online download , the problems continued . Without getting into detail , the long and short of it was that the product was not functioning as described
 I ordered this `` Complete Kit '' naively thinking that the box would include what it said it included with the label applicator
 Negative
 I just bought this , and have been using it for a regular paperback novel.The coiled wire catches the pages , it 's difficult to turn the pages , and there really is nothing to hold the book open without causing the book prop to stand unevenly.I would recommend a book prop with a plastic back and swivels at the bottom that will adjust with you book.L . Collins
 A light magazine , a few papers , or a paperback book are OK , but NOT a THICK text or a cook book , which I really wanted a book stand for !
 This is a terrible book stand . I used to own a blue one but lost or got rid of it , thought this would be a good replacement . This does n't hold pages in place for big books , you ca n't be anywhere other than the middle cause the pages wo n't fit and the stand will be unbalanced . Smaller books like paperbacks will not be held in place and will shift around on you as you try to get them to stay or god-forbid , try to turn pages . All in all this was a bad purchase . Not only is it bad , it is also made in China so there is no reason whatsoever to buy this awful stand.Don ' t be fooled by the generous star I gave it , this is a Zero Star Product -LRB- TM -RRB- .
 Not even small hard backs settled in this item well , it 's also easy to damage the book because of the corkscrews on both the holders ; the holders should be smooth , not bumpy which is what the corkscrews make them . I initiated a refund , that 's how junky this item is .
 This book stand 's wire is sturdy enough to hold large books , but the design does not hold the pages of the large book open , which is rather the point of a book stand . For example , this stand can not hold my Fannie Farmer cookbook open to a the griddlecakes page . Nor can it hold open my collected works of Jane Austin . The book stand also ca n't hold small paperbacks open . However , if you are certain that you will only ever only want to read medium sized books , then this is the stand for you .
 I thought this would be a perfect reading tool but I find the stands to be cumbersome and unwieldy . I like to have several books open at a time and thought this would be a great tool for writing papers . But the stand tips over easily and it actually takes up quite a bit of space when it 's fully extended.I bet there are better products out there .
 Looking for something better . Would not buy again because it does n't hold pages down ; which is key feature I wanted .
 the design of the Fellowes Wire Study Stand is almost elegantly simple , with one stationary upright piece that supports the spine of the book , and the horizontal leverage provided by 2 1-piece book hooks / stand supports that pivot around the 2 legs of the spine support -LRB- each leg forming a cross when pivoted out -RRB- , so the whole thing folds flat when not in use . However , it needs the simple addition of a way to lock the pivot , so the legs do n't move when you shift the book . Also the base is not wide enough , so if you are just starting or finishing a book and the bulk of the pages are on one side , the stand is wobbly . I was n't sure this would work for me so I also bought a Fellows Booklift Copyholder at the same time . Even though the Booklift Copyholder product is flimsy plastic , and I wo n't be surprised if it breaks under my textbooks , I like the design better and will use it until it does break . Then maybe I will pull out this wire one .
 I did n't buy this . My ex got it for me . It looks like it 's a quality build and appears well designed.But it 's not very useful for school . It ca n't hold books very well . especially text books . it 's very hard to turn pages when the book is in the stand . i had to constantly take the book out of the stand to turn the page . very irritating after awhile.maybe it 's useful for cookbooks and for holding sheet music.I got the Easi Reader which costs a lot after shipping but that works far better . I can hold all sizes of books and can still turn the page when the book is in the stand .
 This is a pretty inconvenient book holder , which sucks because it is a product that is supposed to be extra convenient . 1 -RRB- It 's not easy to turn pages , which is really annoying . 2 -RRB- If you want to just put pieces of paper in it -LRB- not a solid book -RRB- , the paper just flops over.This is going in the trash .
 Despite the picture , it does NOT hold large books . Anything over a few hundred pages , good luck . My hardcover law books that have between 800-1200 pages do not fit . Waste of money - and misleading since the picture shows a thick dictionary .
 Not too happy with the holder , the angle of the stand cant be adjusted without bending the metal . Its too far back for sitting on a desk while you look at it . It might work if you were significantly higher than the desk , but how likely is that ? Not recommended .
 I purchased this product in the expectation that it was rather large -LRB- per the picture showing a big book resting on it -RRB- . Unfortunately it only holds books at a depth of 1.5 inches , which is useless for the programming books , and other textbooks I own . Also the stand does n't have a lock , it is instead combined with the page holders on the front to create a rather cumbersome mechanism . The lack of any real helpful adjustments also made this purchase a regretful one . If you are going to use books of any real thickness , look elsewhere as I know I just wasted $ 10 .
 If you have thick text books , this is not the holder you want .
 My original purpose for this book stand was to hold open my college textbooks , BUT this stand is not meant for them . The stand is way to small to begin with and the hooks are not large enough to put a textbook . After trying all my reference books and textbooks on the stand i realized this book stand was not meant for the student . Also , the stand itself feels flimsy at best , probably because it could n't support the weight of my textbooks . Good thing i bought a larger one even though I wasted my money on this one .
 It does n't do what it is supposed to do . It will not hold my big law school books , and therefore is useless to me .
 This wire study stand is just useless if you have a heavy text book like I have . - Improper balancing because textbook is larger than the stand - Cheap rubber ends make even turning pages a big hassleI would not recommend even for a small book . I am going to throw this away & get a wooden one instead .
 I was very happy with the price of this book stand.I have been using it with a spiral-bound paperback book . I end up having to balance a clipboard behind the book to hold the book up so I can read it . The pages are also very hard to turn . I have damaged the bottom of my pages by using this book stand.I am going to purchase the plastic $ 11 one from fellowes which is also highly rated . I have that one at school and have been very happy with it.I do not recommend this book stand for books . It would probably work well for a tablet computer or Ipad or something . I will hold onto it in case I buy another product to use it with .
 I bought this book stand intening to use it for my law books , but it barely hold them up . I though it would be stronger . If you want to hold up something heavy this book stand is not for you .
 I purchased this item hoping it would fit my large computer programming books . Looking at the pictures , I thought it would work . When it arrived , I knew right then it would n't fit even before putting one of my books on it . I wish Amazon would change the picture . It 's so misleading . Oh well , I guess I can use this for smaller books . I 'll be looking on Amazon again for another book holder . I may try the Jasmine Book Stand .
 This book stand is flimsy and falls over easily . It is not worth it . It does not hold a big book like it shows in the picture . It tears the pages when you try to turn them . Not good at all if you are trying to do research .
 Not good for paperbacks . There is no support in the back so the top half corners of the book fold back . It 's also not stable unless your in the middle of the book when the pages distribute the book weight evenly . I would would look elsewhere .
 i bought this stand to read magazines and was disappointed . it would be good for a hardback book but not a paperback . soft books fall over .
 I 'm a big shredder user , and this one broke after 2 months of use . I would n't get it again .
 I have had three of this model . Shows what a fool I am . The cross cut and size of the shredded paper isa plus . The automatic switch however craps out in a really short time . This to me negates everything else . Three of them where the auto switch has died on all three . This is ridiculous . I do n't shred much at all , maybe 10 sheets a day . Handles CDs well . But the near worthless auto switch overrules the positive factors . If I wanted a shredder without an auto mode I would buy one . When I do buy one with auto I expect that to work and not stop in a very few months . I think I have finally learned a lesson and will never again buy an Aurora shredder . As far as I 'm concerned they put out garbage .
 I bought this paper shredder when I helped my friend move and discovered she had bags of credit card and bank statements she was afraid of throwing out because of identity theft . I bought the aurora after much research and was very happy with it the first few times I used it despite the amount of paper particles shed all over the house -LRB- you ca n't put a plastic bag in the basket so you have to dump it out into the trash -RRB- . After about the third time I used it , always careful not to overload it , it started making strange clunking noises and I kept having to use the reverse button because it would n't take a whole sheet of paper -LRB- mind you , only ONE sheet -RRB- then it kept getting jammed but the paper jam button was n't lit and I could n't get the paper out , even with the reverse function . I had to resort to using tweezers to get the tiny piece of paper that was jammed out . Now it 's stopped altogether . I read the manual carefully , never put in more than 7-8 sheets at a time , emptied it regularly and avoided overuse and it STILL clunked out . Very unhappy with this purchase . Maybe I got a lemon but I do n't think so .
 The shredder was a replacement . It lasted all of 2 days before the motor gave out . Overheats very easily and it 's on its way back to Amazon .
 This is the second time I 've bought this product . The first one failed after a few months , but I thought it was my fault because I used it a lot and when it failed I thought maybe I had overused it . I ordered another one because I would have two containers and I thought it would be better for changing out the basket when I was too busy to empty it . I liked the way the cutters looked - nice and solid . After a couple of months of average use -LRB- I tried to be more careful with the second shredder -RRB- it began to make a weird noise - like the cutters were binding . Yesterday I tried shredding 1 CD and it only made it about way through the CD before locking up . I removed it cleaned out everything from the cutter and now all it does is make noise . It wo n't shred anything . I just do n't think this shredder is worth the money . I really need a shredder and now I have to find another one . I would n't recommend this shredder to anyone . It just does n't hold up - even when you baby it .
 I purchased this model , Aurora AS1018CD , and the next smallest size model within about a week of each other ; one for home and one for my office . Both have done excellent in terms of their shredding power and low instance of jams or binding up , however they have both displayed an issue which causes me great concern ; they will suddenly without reason begin running and will not shut off . Both have now done this on several occasions , and without any possible reason I can find , i.e. my Aurora AS1018CD was emptied and even blown clean with compressed air about 3 weeks ago and not used since - and the other morning I woke to find it running non-stop , and getting very warm . This has led me to not only turn both completely off , but unplug both from now on just to be on the safe side until I can have them replaced .
 This product broke after a couple months . Also very hard to clean out teeth if there is a paper jam . I would look elsewhere .
 A shredder in this price range should last for a while . It should be able to do moderate amount of shredding . Well after a few pages , an awful smell came out of the machine like rubber burning . Shut it down for an hour and started again and a few moments later the same thing ... this happened every time we shredded . Finally one day it just stopped accepting papers into the feed . End of shredder . Buying a micro cutter one with only good reviews .
 I specifically picked out this shredder because it was suppose to shred CD/DVD and it gets jammed every single time you put a CD in . I tried multiples just in case it was just bad luck on that first disk . It shreds paper fantastically but I could have gotten a regular everyday shredder that did just paper for a hell of a lot cheaper . Definitely not worth the price do n't buy it .
 After about 4 months of use this worthless piece of garbage came out of gear as well and was making a high pitched noise . A total waste of hard-earned money . Please buy something else !!
 Looks good on paper - bought it from Amazon after my first shredder blew up . Gave this unit very light use - I 'd go a week and more without using it , never more than half the # of sheets specified , no staples run through it and only a few credit cards and CDs ; no sticky-back stuff at all . The unit had begun starting up for a fraction of a second when a single sheet of paper is inserted , and then quitting . Runs backwards and spits out stopped paper just fine . Since it 's slightly beyond the 1-year warranty expiration and I 'm mechanically capable , I opened it up to take a look . Hard to get into - on the bottom of the head unit with the machinery inside , there 's an oval-shaped sticker on the plastic that says it voids the warranty if removed . My prior shredder had the same ugly setup
 I bought this shredder in March . In September it stopped working . It still has 1 year warranty , but it does n't worth the shipping .
 Used it for a couple weeks until the shredders came out of gear and it started making a high pitched screeching noise . Nothing shreds or reverses . Needless to say I need a return and refund .
 Walmart sold these cheaper and even at that I feel taken . I assumed frmo the start 10 sheets meant 5 and I was right . Even 5 choked the poor thing . After only 4 basketfulls over a few days with many long breaks it began to smell plasticky even using 2-3 pages at a time . It never could approach 10 and try a CD , the noise it makes made me run for the fire extinguisher . All of a sudden it wo n't shred anything even a tissue without choking . Ive checked in the mechanism but nothing is fouling it that can be seen and its pretty open to see.Maybe I got a lemon but you could too . Get a different brand , this thing is way to stressed to even approach its overly hopeful rating of 150 pages a day and 10 pages at a time . 10 sheets of cigarette paper maybe : - PMine was garbage and a total waste of money
 after much research i selected this shredder and it came broken and was obviously returned once if not twice before based on the amount of packing tape on this box . would not buy anything from restock it again if their policy is to just keep sending out defective merchandise hoping someone will keep it and pay for it .
 I did a bunch of research before purchasing this item and was happy with it for about the first 3 months ... until it jammed . I was very diligent about not putting too many papers in at once and one run I did -LRB- my fault -RRB- . I spent the next month trying to fix the jam and had someone open it up , turns out the plastic wheel melted . Its not like this is a $ 20 shredder that I 'd expect 3 months out of . I could n't get a replacement part and ended up having to buy another shredder.Waste of time and money .
 I bought this shredder to replace an older Aurora model and to be able the shred some old CDs.While it worked very nicely with paper , CD 's were a different story
 Screws around gear cage had no lockwashers or thread locking compound , and vibrated loose . This caused a nylon gear to get chewed up . When it was working and in use , the motor quickly heated up . After openning it , the reason became apparent . No fan on the motor .
 This shredder makes a very piercing , annoying noice when shredding - much too loud for an office environment when others are on the phone , and much too loud for the home as well . To empty it , you have to take the entire top - shredder and all - off of the basket bottom , find a place to put the top while it 's raining minute slivers of paper all over everything , and then go empty the ridiculously small basket . I guess I could have lived with that but NOT the noise it makes - no way .
 Mine worked for sometime but after shredding CDs and credit cards it stopped working . I found out that the motor is connected to a nylon gear which looses threads quickly under pressure . I wonder why company would put a nylon gear when other two gears are metal ones .
 Shredder lasted about 8 months and only works `` sometime '' . The motor is slow and is jams when it does decide to work
 I bought this not even two years ago , and it has already given up the ghost . For the first say year or so it worked perfectly - my only complaint was that there is no ` auto-feed ' button . Well , that and that the system seemed to struggle with about 4-6 pages at a time -LRB- even though it 's a 10-sheet shredder -RRB- . But the main problem has come within the last month , when the system decided to stop feeding more than about 1/3 of a page at a time . The online help did n't give me too much advice , but it mentioned that the gears may have been gummed up . I spent time cleaning it extensively -LRB- there was a fair amount of paper left in the gears -RRB- , but no hope . Guess I need another shredder now .
 I bought this shredder in June and was unimpressed , but did n't want to go to the trouble of returning it . The description says it shreds 8-10 sheets , but it really struggles with even 5 . It 's now December and when I went to shred a bunch of papers , the engine burned up . Do n't buy this thing . Absolutely poor quality - not worth the price .
 I bought this unit back in January of 2010 . Now , it is October of 2011 and the unit no longer works . When I turn it on , the units ' motor seems to be going , but the blades are n't cutting any paper whatsoever . I believe the blades are n't even moving at all . The paper does n't even move when I insert it into the shredder . It appears that the piece that gets the blades moving has worn . Like I said , I had this thing less than 2 years and I would shred paper twice a month TOPS !! This was a bad investment and I will not be getting an Aurora product in the future .
 I bought this product after reading the largely positive reviews here on Amazon . I guess I got one of the units that quality assurance missed.I shredded one full basket without problems . I was impressed with the speed of the unit and pleased that while the basket is relatively small , the cross shredding process allows denser packing of paper than the older unit I was replacing . I was careful not to exceed the 10 sheet limit , I did not try to shred any credit cards or CD 's , and I removed all staples before shredding.As the red light lit , indicating the second basket was full , I heard a loud noise followed by a high-pitched whine . A call to tech support verified that the drive gears has stripped . I was advised to return the unit to Amazon to avoid a shipping charge to the factory in California . I got through to tech support with no wait and the person I talked to was knowledgeable and spoke colloquial english . I mailed the unit back today .
 After about a year the shredder stopped working ; the motor ran but the cutters stopped turning . I disassembled the unit and discovered that the two main gears that transfer motion from the motor to the cutting assembly are made of plastic or nylon . The first gear contacting the motor shaft had stripped , rendering the shredder inoperable . This is a poor design ; I would not recommend this unit .
 WHAT A PIECE OF GARBAGE , THE RIGHT END STARTED OOZING OUT GEL AFTER A WEEK OF USE . . THE LEFT IS STILL HOLDING IT 'S OWN BUT I 'M SURE IT WILL BREAK OPEN SOON . . THERE USUALLY A GOOD MOUSE PAD GEL PAK GOT ONE OF THEM . . BUT THIS THING IS A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT . . SHOULD HAVE WENT WITH THE MORE EXPENSIVE INNOVERA ONE . .
 This keynoard rest has a terrible chemical smell -- so bad it made my eyes water . I 'm told the smell fades `` in time '' . What am I supposed to do until then ??? Save your money , and take a pass on this one .
 This product is listed as being 1.2 '' thick , but it is only about 0.5 '' thick . Fellowes must have changed the design in the last year or so because the product is much different from the spec , no matter who the seller . -LRB- Also tried buying this in Staples , with the same discrepancy -RRB- . I bought this same product years ago , and at the time it was definitely over an inch thick and worked very well . This version of the product is too thin to support my wrists adequately with my keyboard height .
 This product burst open after only 8 days of use leaving nasty sticky gel oozing out of the bottom edge of the rest.Also know that the purple Fellows mouse wrist rest is nowhere near the same color if you are trying to match a set .
 I found this wrist rest to be a bit too low and too hard the entire time I owned it , but the kicker is that it did n't even last 6 months before splitting at the edge and oozing its contents onto my desk . There is no reason to buy this product . Ever .
 This wrist support is a piece of crap . It is thin and useless . It does not support my wrists at all because it is too low . I would not recommend buying this piece of crap . I had already teared open the package so I could n't return it to the seller without paying a fee . Do n't waste your money on this garbage .
 I do not actually have this product , so I am not giving the product one star . I am simply giving this item one star because it is falsely advertised . The picture Amazon shows is of three products - the keyboard rest , the mouse rest and the wrist rest . Now , I assumed that since thats what they show , thats what I would get . Well I called amazon , they could not verify what I would actually get . Instead they gave me the number to the products manufacteror . They confirmed to me that it is one product only , the keyboard rest . So if thats what you are looking for , go ahead and order this item . But if you are looking for a set , keep looking !
 I agree with another review on this page . It is false advertisement . I purchased this product thinking I was receiving all three and only received the wrist rest . I am very unhappy !! I do n't know if I will ever purchase any thing from here again ! I am not giving this one star !!! But it will not let me do anything else !!
 I own Microsoft optical mouse and it does n't work on this pad . Do n't waste your money . It 's not designed for optical mouses .
 Purchased this Fellowes mousepad -LRB- # 866151 -RRB- to replace a similar Fellowes mousepad I had purchased about 5 years ago.The original mousepad -LRB- possibly model # 91141 ? -RRB- , purchased for about $ 2.00 at a closeout store , was pretty much the same thing as this one , but a model with a very slightly thicker gel wristrest . The mousepad portion held up fine , but the gel rest finally split , and I nursed it along for a year before deciding to get a replacement.The replacement arrived , and looked pretty much the same , but withing 10 days the mouspad surface delaminated from the rubber base and started buckling . Numerous times per day I 'd try to stick it back down to prevent the laser mouse from mistracking , but then the base buckled too . Stapled the edges to try to get it to stay down , but mouse bumped into staples.I finally gave up and cut the mousepad portion away from the wristrest , did the same to the old one with the bad wristrest , threw the new mouspad away , and taped the old mouspad to the new gel wristrest portion.Fairly annoyed that I paid close to $ 14 for the privilege.If you could ignore the disintegration issue -LRB- which you really ca n't -RRB- , the gel wristrest and the mousepad features -LRB- not sliding , etc -RRB- are great - that 's why I bought it to replace the old gel Fellowes.It appears that quality of this particular Fellowes gel mousepad is not what it used to be .
 I had to return this item because it smells horrible . I tried to see if the odor would fade but it did n't . Besides the odor the wrest is n't comfortable at all . Wish I could have given it no stars .
 I bought this as a second , to use at my office . It does n't match the original . It has a plastic sheen over the wrist rest that makes it not as soft as the original Belkin `` WaveRest '' . Also , the mousepad surface is too hard , causing the mouse to slip around too much . Not good . This is the `` Crystals '' version and not as good as the orginal `` WaveRest '' .
 within 2 days the pad is peeling away from the surface will not purchase this again will not reccomend to others .
 In fact , I would give this product a half a star if there was an option to do so.It 's just I had all these expectations of it being cute and matching the mouse I got for Christmas , not so much.This mouse pad was cheaply made . The darker plastic on the top started peeling off after a cold night and has been doing so ever since . And the glue , which ever kind it is , does n't work at all . By the way I have cats and cat hair gets stuck to the glue , it seems like that 's the only thing the glue can hold.Don ' t buy it , I do n't recommend this to anyone !
 I like the gel wrist rest but after a few weeks of use , the surface totally started delaminating on both mousepads that I had bought . Somehow an air bubble developed in the middle of one of the pads . I could probably have some rubber cement or something to reglue it , but that should n't be necessary .
 To begin with the positive - I really like Stacks and Stacks as a company , both their line of products and the service I 've received in the past . As for the cart , the chrome finish is very nice and the cart is very easy to assemble , without looking at the instructions.However , it pretty much ends there for the advertised features . As a tv cart it 's pretty useless , much too lightweight for TV and VCR duty . The most aggravating part however are the wheels . They 're cheap plastic add-ons that do n't fit at all snugly , leaving the whole cart a tottering mess that is just begging to collapse or tip over at the slightest wind or bump . In other words , the cheap-o wheels make this cart useless in any sense , unless you throw them away entirely and go stationary . So throw them away and if you want to use this cart in the bathroom or kitchen without wheels it 's do-able . However , even then the price leaves this cart non-competitive for that light duty . Very disappointed .
 I agree with G. Ryder 's review . Although somewhat easy to assemble -LRB- even with directions in German ! -RRB- , the wheels were poorly designed . I think it does hold very small TVs -LRB- probably under 20 inches -RRB- and a single VCR adequately - nothing has tipped over yet . I was also somewhat concerned about the slightly sharp edges of the chrome , but put tape over it to avoid cuts . I would n't recommend it , but too much of a hassle to return it .
 Other than the nice color purple , this is just too hard , might as well rest on the desk other than it providing a little height off the desk .
 While the actual shape of this wrist rest was decent , it was hard enough that after a week I started shopping for another one . I eventually bought a HandStands bean-bag wrist rest that I am much happier with .
 When I ordered this product , I expected it to be short enough and for it to conform to my wrist enough that my hand would sit pretty naturally on my mouse , as it does when not using the support . Unfortunately , this is not the case . It 's a little under an inch thick , and has very little give . Ultimately , your wrist -LRB- my wrist , anyway -RRB- ends up sitting about 0.75 '' above the desktop . This may not sound very significant , but when you take into consideration the fact that my wrist is only about 1.5 '' tall , and my mouse is only 1.25 '' tall at its peak , you realize that it actually is a significant difference in positioning . Instead of having the mouse comfortably situated in the palm of my hand , as it was before , I have it held by the tips of my fingers in this weird , not-so-comfortable claw grip . However , both my hands and my mouse are fairly small , so I think the size affects me more than it would most.My other complaint is that the statement that it ` conforms to your wrist ' seems like a pretty gross exaggeration to me . When they say that it ` conforms to your wrist ' , they mean that it sinks probably 2-3 millimeters -LRB- around the size of a space , on my monitor , at least -RRB- . I definitely would n't consider this thing soft or comfortable . That 's not to say that it 's UNcomfortable , it just does n't give me that squishy feeling of goodness like a pillow does . On a positive note , it is soft enough , and conforms to my wrist enough to completely alleviate the bad pain I was having in my wrist from using my computer all day.To conclude , I would n't really suggest this to people who like to have their mouse fit snugly in their hand , but if you 're having wrist pains , or are just concerned about the health of your wrist , then it might be a good solution . Even though I do n't like the wrist rest , if my wrist starts to hurt badly enough , I put it near the back of my mouse pad and use it for a while , and it solves the problem.P.S . Another trick I use to protect my wrist is to put a soft cushion material designed to stick to skin on my wrist , then I surround it with ace wrap . This works pretty well , and does n't cause the positioning problems that the wrist rest does .
 I am very upset . In the picture it shows 3 Purple gel crystal flex rest 's . I only bought it because it said 3 , I only got 1 and I 've been trying to contact you because this is a case of false advertisement , I have n't gotten an answer back from you.Sincerely , Misty Duty
 This was quite a terrible wrist rest . The one I replaced it with lasted for years . This one , after only two weeks , started to indent and get &#34; smashed &#34; down already ! It does n't do any good for wrist support if it does n't offer any support . I 'm very disappointed in the quality and would not recommend it to others .
 This thing is tiny . The listed product dimensions are WRONG.I saw the other reviewers and did n't believe them . The listed product dimensions were
 I wanted to get a wrist rest when I saw and tried the blue Fellowes wrist rest that a receptionist at my old office used . It was thick and comfortable and soft.When I got this one , it was half as thick and practically useless . I have to stack business cards underneath to get it as high as I need it to be .
 only .5 '' high not .9 `` other than obvious lack of function due to height , the material is good , no leaks , does not stiffen up over time , no bad smellInnovera is a better brand
 EDIT on old review below : New
 I have two Fellowes gel wrist rests that were purchased at least three years ago . They are used every day and are still in excellent condition . The new one , which I have had for only a few months and have used very little , is already starting to show signs of wear . The gel is permanently indented where my left wrist rests . The new wrist rest is approximately half as thick as my old ones and the gel feels much softer . Very disappointing .
 I have owned a fellows gel rest for years . This exact one in fact and have enjoyed it since the day I bought it . The only reason I had buy a new one is I accidentaly puntured it.This new one however is no good . it is 1 '' shorter , 1/2 '' narrower and half as thick as it used to be.Highly disappointed in how much they reduced the size overall.As I 'm typing this now my wrist are on this gel pad and are starting to hurt due to the lack in height .
 My older fellows is probably twice as high as this one.This is completely ineffective for a full size keyboard.If you truly type enough to need a wrist pad to keep your fingers from going numb , this is not the right product.I would have gave it 3 or more stars , but Fellows should have clearly differentiated this from the old model . I am still using my rolled up hand towel , and have this thing laying on the floor .
 When my older , non-Fellowes Gel pad wore out , I purchased this one instead . Unlike my old `` gel '' bad , this one is rock hard . It has almost no give , and hurts my wrists a lot . I returned it after only 6 hours of use as the pain was just too much to even try to use it longer .
 too thin . my wrists wouldnt sit properly as there was not enough room
 Do n't bother with these . The foam is very firm ... much less comfortable than the gel style of wrist rests . Also , the foam outgasses terribly ... there 's a strong rubber tire smell from 5-6 feet away . As you sit and use this wrist rest , it 's strong enough to actually make your eyes water . I 'm not usually sensitive to stuff like this , but these are just too unpleasant . You get what you pay for ... . What 's really sad is that I ordered three of them and each was shipped from a different fulfillment site , each in its own gigantic box ... what a waste !
 First off , this thing is hard , really hard . About the same level of comfort and support you would expect from a dish towel wrapped around a block of wood . Worse though are the noxious chemicals off-gassing from this thing . They MUST be poisonous , smells like brain damage . I threw it out immediately .
 The company sent me the wrong mousepad , so I sent it back . They promptly replaced it -- with the wrong one again .
 The mouse pad is a great idea with superb support for the wrist . Unlike some customers , I did not detect any odors or problems with the materials use in the gel pad . However , the mouse pad did not work with my Logitech optical mouse . Great idea but poorly implemented .
 Totally agree with the other reviewers who said that this pad does not work with an optical mouse . I tried it with the one that comes with MicroSoft 's `` standard '' wireless combo and the on-screen cursor does not move at all.Completely useless .
 I have the crystal blue wrist rest and pad . I think that the wrist rest is great but my Logitech optical mouse does not work well on the pad . I think the pad could be a little bigger but I could deal with the size if only my mouse worked better on the surface . My husband has a Microsoft optical mouse and it did not work any better . I tried using my old mouse pad on top of it and that works much better but sort of defeats the purpose . I think I will go for the wrist rest without the mouse pad . If I were just rating the gel wrist rest itself , I would give it 5 stars .
 The wrist rest is to hard and the mousepad is small . I did not like it and returned it to Amazon .
 I have been using the mousepad daily at work for about 4 months.The mousepad looks really nice , does n't smell funny and I do n't have any issues about size.Howvever , I still get pain in my wrist and find the only way to get rid of it is to change the side I 'm using the mouse on . Previously at work I had a joystick looking mouse -LRB- so your wrist in in a totally different position -RRB- 3M Ergonomic Mouse , Optical , USB/PS2 Compatible , Large Size , Black -LRB- EM500GPL -RRB- - this gave me no pain but is a bit embarrasing to use . I would recommend not buying this product but buying a joystick mouse -LRB- could n't find one when I bought this but I now see Amazon is selling the 3M ergonomic mouse -RRB- . Latest workplace assessments in NZ do n't reccommend using the mousepad with gel rest but the ergonomic mouse .
 It did not work for me . There 's nothing &#34; wrong &#34; with it.I have carpel tunnel and it made an angle in my wrist and hurt it.So I returned it .
 Great for around 4-6 months of heavy use . Then the top plastic piece on the mousing surface starts to separate from the gel plastic base . This is the second one I 've bought - I suppose you ca n't expect too much from a $ 13 product .
 Bought this for less than a month and the plastic is starting to peel off . When I first got it , I thought there was a plastic film over the gel pad but it turns out that 's just the coating . The gel wrist rest is n't too bad but this plastic sheet on the mousepad is flipping up from the sides . Definitely would not recommend if this sort of issue would bother you .
 The jell pad feels great but it is of no use because my mouse pointer is unstable.I ca n't get the mouse pointer to stay still or to move in a straight line . I checked the cord , I restarted the computer , I checked the mouse for driver updates , I checked START , PROGRAMS , ACCESSORIES , SYSTEM TOOLS , SYSTEM INFORMATION , Problem devices and found no issues . I also ran MS Diagnostics . Nothing bad found.I removed the mouse pad just so I could write this review . What good is this pad if it caused my pointer to go wild ? Not happy .
 Purchased this mouse pad for my wife . It does not work with her Belkin wireless optical mouse . As a solution we put her old mouse pad -LRB- very thin -RRB- over the top of the mousing surface rather than return it.I read about other people having trouble with this pad not working with some mice and decided to take a chance.I would NOT recommend this product to others .
 i bought the purple mouse pad and matching keyboard pad . i have had them for several weeks . they both have a godawful toxic chemical stink that does not dissipate -- i have tried wiping them down with rubbing alcohol and spraying them with freebreeze to no avail . i have found that resting my bare wrists on the keyboard pad for extended periods results in irritation . i do n't know what this gel substance is , or is coated with , but it is an irritant and possibly toxic . i repeatedly emailed fellowes on their website and my emails were totally ignored . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The surface on the mouse navigation portion is the pad is slick and my laser mouse will not work properly . Also the pad is to short from the gel pad and difficult to move the mouse . Poor product .
 As others have noted this mousepad is NOT optical mouse friendly -- and really who has a trackball mouse anymore ? For whatever technical reason the pointer suddenly jumps away and you then have to figure out where it is before scrolling back to what you were doing . If you have two duel monitors set up -LRB- as I do -RRB- your pointer often ends up somewhere in the other monitor -LRB- again , no idea why it does this -RRB- and your then scrolling around to try and find it . VERY frustrating . I wish I had kept the box so I could send it back .
 The gel pad is too high and the scanning surface is too small . ...
 The surface of this mousepad is hard and quite smooth . It has zero traction with my traditional roller-ball mouse . I have to constantly lift the mouse up and bang it -LRB- hard -RRB- on the surface to get it to move . The old mousepad I replaced -LRB- the soft , spongy kind -RRB- did n't have this problem . Possibly it works well with an optic mouse , but I ca n't use it and will have to get something else .
 First of all , this does not match the picture . I was expecting a very bright , solid blue . Instead I got a very dark blue , and the gel part is translucent . I would have never ordered it if I had seen an accurate picture . Also , this is very poor quality . The mouse pad part is already tearing loose from the bottom part that sticks to the desk -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . Very cheap and not worth the high price.Also , I have a very small optical mouse -LRB- the kind meant for a laptop -RRB- , so this works fine for me ; however , if you have a regular-sized computer mouse , I am almost certain that this mousepad would be entirely too small to manuever the mouse around . On a good note , though , the gel wrist pad is very comfortable.This is the only reason that I hav n't returned it -LRB- that and because it is too much trouble -RRB- .
 only .5 '' high not 1.3 `` other than obvious lack of function due to height , the material is good , no leaks , does not stiffen up over time , no bad smellInnovera is a better brand
 This mouse pad is diminutive to say the least - the usable mousing surface is only about six by six inches . My Logitech MX mouse has only one inch to spare just sitting there from top to bottom , so it is useless to me . However , I do not detect any wierd chemically smell like other reviewers - maybe it was only the clear model ? Mine is blue and the wrist rest is great - it 's just way too small of a mouse pad for anything but a travel mouse . I also have an optical mouse and it has no trouble tracking on the pad except that there is no room to move it .
 We have an optical mouse and decided to buy a mouse pad for it . We saw this one and it being a known brand , trusted what it said , `` Optical Mouse friendly '' Well , it 's not . It 's a big disappointment ! It 's comfortable to the wrists though .
 It would be great if this thing did not smell so badly . I want to take it back to the vendor I brought it from . I like the color selections , and I selected purple . However , I think I will die from toxic shock if I continue to use this thing ! Yes it smells and it smells badly ! Fellowes if you are reading these recommendations , do something about the smell .
 This pad feels GREAT , smells bad and has the words `` optical mice friendly '' on the packaging.Well it AI N'TI have a Logitech MX700 cordless optical and get strange jerks in movement on this pad -LRB- and it will sometimes go in the wrong direction -RRB- I had misgivings about getting a translucent mousepad , but decided to try as it IS advertised as being optical-friendly and Fellowes IS a respected brand.Sorry folks , this one goes STRAIGHT BACK TO THE SHOP .
 I purchased this mousepad to replace my worn-out Belkin WaveRest pad . Recognizing Fellowes a a `` reputable '' company plus the fact that they advertised this mousepad as `` optical mouse friendly '' , I decided to give it a try . What a MISTAKE ! My Logitech MX300 suddenly got a case of the jitters and moves in the opposite direction ! As for the odor of the gel , there is a slight odor but barely discernible for me . The gel pad at first was comfortable and cool to the touch on the wrist but after a short period of time heated up and caused my wrist to sweat profusely ! I 'm guessing that this mousepad is better suited for the user who does n't use an optical mouse . SHAME ON FELLOWES for advertising it as so ! If you guys are listening , you need to go back to the drawing board on this one because right now the one I have only serves as a decorative piece on my desk and a reminder of my expensive mistake !
 This would be a GREAT product is the chemical smell was not so bad and last so long . It has a horrible smell that just will not go away . I saw others mention the same issue but thought I would give it a try . It smells.Other than that , the comfort is great . But I gave it 2 weeks to air out and the smell will not go away . I would suggest you do n't buy this is you have a sensitive nose . It kinda smells like those squishy foam beds and slippers you see at Brookstone .
 After a hefty round of home improvement , I started getting a lot of wrist pain at my IT job , so I put in with my manager for whatever ergonomic assistance could be had . A few days later , I came in and found this blue jellybean waiting for me at my desk . After a day , I found myself having to put a Post-it note on the pad to create a surface with less friction . Perhaps this pad works well for those who rest their hand on the mouse constantly , but it chafed me horribly . I have never had such problems with a wrist rest before and I do not understand why they could n't have simply wrapped their firm wrist rest in a nylon sheathe . I would not buy this product and I would not recommend it to others .
 I purchased this item based on the reviews but I must say I 'm disappointed . I condsider the gel very hard for its purpose . It does position my wrist correctly but the gel is so hard that my wrist still ends up hurting . I am going to switch to a bean bag type and see if that is better . Regarding the smell , I do smell it when I put it to my nose but not when it is being used correctly . I do n't have a problem with any smell .
 The product works well and stayed firm , but the smell is horrible and will not go away . It smells like a solvent is leeching out . I was hoping it would go away , but after several weeks my office still smells like someone spilled a bottle of mineral spirits over those old vinyl capes from Star Wars figures .
 I bought this to replace a soft gel pad wrist rest that had a fabric cover . Once the cover got torn , the gel leaked and made it sticky . Unfortunately , this one is too hard compared to that last one . There 's very little give so not that good for people with carpel tunnel or other wrist ailments .
 `` Mini '' wrist rest ? Not so much . This was much bulkier than I expected -LRB- which is saying something , considering that I have a 17 '' MacBook Pro -RRB- and not very flexible . I expected something a little more conforming , but this wrist pad is quite hard . Returned for refund .
 This product is really do high , after prolonged useage , wrist starts to hurt . Maybe would have worked better if was flatter .
 I wish I realized how bad this product was before I tossed the receipt . I would have tried to get my money back . TOO HARD !!! One star is too many stars
 Item is too hard & inflexible . It appears soft and states it is gel but is actually too uncomfortable to use .
 when i purchased this item i thought that it 'd bring me comfort in my long hours on the pc . i was worng .1 , it is not as soft as you 'd expect2 , it gets in the way while playing games and using applications that require extensive mouse movementi gave this item 2 stars only because i liked the color of the thing . apart from that it has nothing else that i think you 'll like .
 This is a lovely feeling product and it seems as though it should make using a computer much more comfortable . I found my wrist hurt more when I use it , though I am not sure why . I offered it to my office mate who had the same response.Maybe it has to do with how it is used .
 Within a day of using this wrist rest , I developed a serious skin rash . It was most likely caused by the ingredients contained in the gel of the wrist pad . If it was not for the rash , I thought it was pretty comfortable to use . Instead , purchased a bean-bag type of wrist rest and have not looked back since .
 Contrary to the confusing title and photograph included with this product , all that you get if you buy this product is the mousepad with a built-in wrist-rest . The keyboard wrist-rest and the small stand-alone wrist-rest that are shown in the product photograph are not included . A more representative picture is the one used in the listing for the Fellowes blue gel mousepad.As for the product quality , it seems fine . However , the mouse surface -LRB- which is covered with normal plastic , not the `` gel '' material -RRB- is a little too smooth for my mousing tastes .
 IT SHOWS THREE -LRB- 3 -RRB- ITEMS IN THE ADD ONLY SHIPPED WRIST GUARD VERY MISLEADING WILL BE RETURNED
 Does n't really work much better than the old phone book I was using before I got this . Cheap Plastic all around , pieces fall apart easily . As mentioned by others the parts do n't screw together . I suppose it works but save yourself the money and skip this product , whatever book your using as a doorstop will work just as well .
 The size is about right , for a small monitor or tv , but , the legs just lay in , they do n't screw in , so if you have to pick it up to move it , the legs fall out .
 These mousepads have the letters printed backwards . Take a close look at the picture .
 I bought a Yishen 888 about 3 weeks ago and I 've regretted it since . Whole-sentence translation sounded almost too good to be true ... and it was . The whole-sentence translation does not work reliably , often producing translations that did not make any sense or was plain incorrect . Quality has also been an issue . The unit crashed several times , and one of the keys has already come loose . I would suggest to look elsewhere ...
 This product appears to just be old technology . For perhaps $ 200 it might be worth the money , but for nearly double that it 's ridiculous ! It has an old grayscale LCD display that is very dim , it has no rechargeable lithium battery and no USB computer connection . It appears to be aimed at Chinese speakers to translate into English , not vice versa . All the function keys and on-screen icons are Chinese characters only . The English version instruction manual is incomplete and would benefit from some decent translation itself ! Look elsewhere .
 I bought this item because Amazon never had the 3M model I wanted in stock . So I settled for this one . That was a big mistake . The wheels on this stand are only about 8 inches apart which makes your CPU very unstable . The spring steel friction fit makes it difficult for one person to attach or remove this stand from the CPU . It is really a two person operation . Finally , if your CPU has a side access panel , you will have to remove it from the stand to gain access since the stand uses a pressure fit to hold it to the computer . Take a look at the 3M CS100 stand . I think it is a much better design .
 This is a terrible mouse pad . One of the firmest and there are so little gel in it compare to the hard surface . I stopped using it after 1 week .
 This wrist pad has a really bad caustic chemical smell and I can not recommend it at all . Also , after only a week of using it , it looks grungy and dirty where my wrists have rested on it . Poor product all the way around .
 I like the feel of a gel wrist rest better than the foam or beads kind , but this one only lasted about 2 weeks before it split open and started oozing goo on my desk .
 I bought this for my work desk and within about a month it had split open at the seams . I thought that it would be good quality , but I ended up throwing it away because it could n't be used anymore .
 After barely weeks , one edge had begun to unravel ... with gel oozing out . The seams are not well made . I have had somewhat better results with the Belkin F8E263-BLK Wave Rest Gel-Filled Cushion Wrist Rest Pad , a bit more comfortable , although one of the two I bought broke down at the edge after a year -LRB- not bad -RRB- and began to ooze gel . Belkin needs to think about having their Chinese manufacturing plant consider quality as part of the product .
 Item was very comfortable for typing . Problem I had was durability , after a few months , a small hole opened on it and gel started to come out . I taped back together , and then another hole opened on the other side , so i threw it out .
 Seam burst and sticky gel is coming out of it.The product -LRB- prior to it bursting -RRB- was just OK . The previous wrist rest I bought from Staples -LRB- a Staples branded one -RRB- was much more resilient than this one . This one takes overnight for the gel to resume its manufactured shape . I wo n't buy this again .
 I had very high hopes for this keyboard wrist/palm rest . I have the mouse pad rest that matches it . The mouse pad rest that I just purchased is an exact replacement for the one that I have been using for the last 7 years . Because of staining and general wear and tear , I decided to replace it . I figured if the mouse pad was so good , that the matching keyboard wrist rest will be too . So , I bought it . I could n't have been more wrong.It 's only been a few days and the wrist rest is already falling apart . A bunch of sticky , gooey gel particles are leaking out of it and getting on everything . The ` adjustable ' part of it is nice , but the wrist rest is held in place on the desk by little rubber stickers on the bottom of the wrist rest . The rubber stickers wrap around little pieces of plastic that go the length of the wrist rest . -LRB- This is what allows you to raise or lower the wrist rest . Oh . . you can only have it high or low , there is no in-between . -RRB- These rubber stickers are already coming off . Without them , the wrist rest slides around with the slightest amount of pressure.I 'm very disappointed at the quality of this for the price I paid . I 've already ordered a new FOAM wrist rest -LRB- versus a gel wrist rest -RRB- so this does n't happen again . -LRB- I still love the matching mouse pad/rest though and highly recommend that ! -RRB-
 The picture of the item , you 're asking me to review , is the item that i ordered , but never received it . I received the under the desk manager , not the desktop mngr . Untill this day , no one has contacted me to get me the item that i ordered
 I have used over 400 of these labels . I never could figure out WHY all my CD 's would make horrible scratching noises after about 20 minutes of playing . Well I have finally found the answer . After the heat of the CD player begins to get hotter , the GLUE on the CD label begins to shift , and rise . This causes the small tolerance of the Cd Player to cause the Cd Player to malfunction . I discovered this because a friend just bought a new cd player and told me the cd I made him started scratching and causing the CD player to shut down . Interesting because this was the same as mine . When it happened to me again , I replaced the Fellowes label cd with a Non labeled CD and suddenly just seconds after I could n't stand the Scratching noise of the Fellowes Labeled CD the Identical Non Label played for hours without a SINGEL PROBLEM ... DO NOT BUY ... 3years and 400 + labels later , fellowes still has n't improved their product .
 My husband and I have our own home video business and therefore use these DVD labels on a regular basis . We noticed in the last month or two that Our granphics were not lining up . At first we thought we might need to recalibrate our printer , which we did ... put still the images were the same ... strange thing . . the first label would line up just about right but the second one was way off ... It then dawned on us that we were also having problems printing labels when we used our other station ... our laptop . It become obvious to us that it wasnt our printer , but the labels themselves . Needless to say we were very dissatisfied with this product .
 After years of putting nice looking labels on many of my CDR 's , I 've finally discovered that almost all of the one 's with labels eventually start making a scratching noise and are unusable . The one 's without labels -LRB- marked with a sharpie -RRB- still work fine . I wish I 'd known this before I ruined so many discs and wasted so much time and money . DO NOT USE ADHESIVE LABELS IF YOU WANT YOUR DISKS TO WORK IN THE FUTURE !!!
 I used dozens of these labels until I found that they come unstuck in the heat inside the car CD player . It cost me $ 45.00 to have the dealer fix it ! I emailed Neato and was told that this is a problem , they have no resolution , and I could use a mineral or citrus based product to remove the labels . They had no plans to produce a heat-resistant product.This is very unsatisfactory . Surely with all the adhesives available today , they could find one appropriate to this application .
 I have used over 400 of these labels . I never could figure out WHY all my CD 's would make horrible scratching noises after about 20 minutes of playing . Well I have finally found the answer . After the heat of the CD player begins to get hotter , the GLUE on the CD label begins to shift , and rise . This causes the small tolerance of the Cd Player to cause the Cd Player to malfunction . I discovered this because a friend just bought a new cd player and told me the cd I made him started scratching and causing the CD player to shut down . Interesting because this was the same as mine . When it happened to me again , I replaced the Fellowes label cd with a Non labeled CD and suddenly just seconds after I could n't stand the Scratching noise of the Fellowes Labeled CD the Identical Non Label played for hours without a SINGLE PROBLEM ... DO NOT BUY ... 3years and 400 + labels later , fellowes still has n't improved their product .
 I bought these labels hoping to save money by buying in bulk . However , about half the time I tried to print on these labels , the printer would jam -LRB- it 's a brand new printer and does not jam in spite of heavy use in our business which professionally prints pictures -RRB- . I tried it several different ways and I had two other people try . Even when it does work , it does not align right , probably because of the paper getting caught or not coming through the printer right . The money you save is not worth your extra time . And only 1 or 2 out of 10 ended up being usable.What makes me more angry is that when I complained to customer service and asked for a refund , they said they have thousands of happy customers and have never heard of this complaint before -LRB- basically implying that this must be my fault -RRB- . They agreed to refund my money on a prorated basis on the ones I did not use , never mind that so many labels were destroyed or jammed or misaligned in printing . I spent $ 12 to mail them back 90 % of the labels , and received 50 % of my money back -LRB- $ 22.50 -RRB- . So I only ended up getting $ 10 on the $ 50 I spent . This is because , as they claim , this complaint is unusual and they never heard of this happening to anyone before . But as you can see , there are other very similar complaints and other 1-star reviews on this product right here on this site .
 I have short legs so them sometimes ache if I dont use a foot stool . The foot rest works very well . But the rubber odor is gross . I have tried everything , I 've left it outdoors - in the sunshine . I washed it with water , bleach , perfume , talcum powder . That 's one stubborn odor , but it is still unbearable .
 I bought this footrest as a part of my ergonomic-desk-conversion . It 's somewhat useful , but for $ 30 I would not buy it again . It 's also not very sturdy . However , I 'm not going to return it either.PROS : The product appears exactly as it does in picture - gray plastic and black rubber covering on top.The bottom has rubber coverings on it not to scratch the floor / keep it from sliding around -LRB- not a concern for carpet , but still a nice feature -RRB- . It 's really easy to use it and to adjust its height.The base is really large and fits both feet comfortably.CON : I wish I could bring up the footrest higher.After a few weeks if I pressed a little too hard on it , it started clicking and would go back down in levels.Not worth $ 30 .
 I 've had 2 of these break within a short period of use . It has a foot pedal to lock the angle in place , but the foot pedal is not very sturdy , the plastic breaks and footrest no longer locks , just slides constantly .
 I bought this foot rest this year and use it quite a bit in my office . There is a foot pedal to lock it . The screws that hold the lock in place have both fallen out . 1 I was able to find and put back in but the other one is lost . Have n't followed up with the company yet so not sure how that will go . The smell that people have commented on was definitely there but not that bad for ours . Also it is kinda difficult to switch the height on it . Once its set and locked with screws it works fairly well althought the height is kind of annoying . They have it color coded and have you set the height according to the size of your hand which was weird . All of the heights took some getting used to before it became comfortable.follow up
 I read all the reviews about the smell of the product , and I still went ahead and bought it . Guess what ? They were RIGHT . It smells like I walked into a shoe store , it 's not THAT horrible , but it is noticeable . My only issue was the instructions ... picture instructions , one side had a hand print chart . Really ? No words ? No nothing ? It does n't take a scientist to figure it out , but still . Try words . Overall , it 's alright , nothing special or magical , but much better than the old Amazon packaging box I was using , RIP . I would probably get something else if you 're in the market looking ... this is n't super amazing , it is n't all that bad either .
 Took it out of the box , followed the instructions . . and the plastic piece that locks it in place broke . Luckliy I only need the shortest height and the frontmost tilt , so I can still use it , but for anyone who wanted to adjust it , it would be garbage ... pass on this one .
 The footrest itself is very comfortable and it allows you to adjust height and angle , but whats the point if I ca n't breathe ? It has such a horrible odor , and being pregnant , it is making me even more nauseous ! Going to return this one !
 Looked nice and sturdy from the outside , but the inside mechanism is very cheaply designed . The lock to hold the footrest in place broke down after just 3 months . I 've had to `` ghetto-style '' it just to make it semi-functional . Steer clear , piece of garbage .
 This one is quick and easy.Purchased new , I opened the already unsealed box to find instructions and documentation for the Kensington K60004US keyboard pull-out tray.The actual footrest itself was scuffed all over the top , several worn ` holes ' were poking through the brittle rubber padding . It appears to have been in a dehydrator or a desert for a few months.It smells like a new tire.Piece of junk ; how on Earth does this have such a high rating . It spent all of 5 minutes outside its box before I taped it back up and put it on its way back for a refund .
 I used this product for a week until it broke . All I did was roll my chair up toward my desk when one of the chair 's rollers bumped against the adjustable foot pedal in the front and broke the plastic surrounding the pin that kept it in place . Now I can not use it at all as the angle adjustment will not lock , so I 'll be returning this item . All other parts seem to be fairly well made but unfortunately , the weakest part of the construction is also one of the most critical .
 My girlfriend bought this for my birthday last year . I was really excited to have a footrest since I 'm at my computer all day long . It 's been 11 months since then and I threw it out about last week.When I first received it , I was really excited . The footrest is made of plastic , seemed pretty study and the rubber mat did it 's job . Kept my feet in place and at a slightly elevated level . The locking mechanism was a little tricky to use without getting on the floor and messing with it by hand . I did n't come across any strong smell or odor with this thing.Unfortunately , the plastic rings holding the locking mechanism in place broke off through repeated use . I superglued it back on which worked for a little while but with the plastic lock glued in place , the footrest was no longer adjustable . As others have noted , the metal pieces that hold the lock in place are prone to falling out , but they can be reinserted just as easily.My biggest problem with this thing was how quickly dirt/dust would accumulate and stick onto the rubber mat . For months , I was wondering my feet kept getting dirty in the house . I washed my feet several times a day and always ended up having them dirty several hours later . Turned out this footrest was the culprit.I 'm looking for another footrest right now but I would n't recommend this item again .
 Very disappointing . The lock tab that is used to enable you to unlock and readjust using your feet -LRB- without crawling under the desk -RRB- is too easily inadvertently unlocked as you move your feet around on the platform . When this happens , the platform pivots back and forth willy-nilly until you relock it . This must happen 2 or 3 times a day , and it is getting old real fast .
 This is the first item that I have EVER returned to Amazon . Do n't let the other reviews or the high star rating fool you . The SMELL from the plastic is brutal . Receiving a footrest with this issue appears to be hit or miss -LRB- again , see reviews -RRB- but it is way worse than anyone else has described . It literally gave me a headache 5 minutes after opening . This item is simply unusable if you get one with `` THE SMELL , '' thus I would n't even take the chance of ordering this product . After re-boxing this item for return I ca n't even get the stench off of my hands . Horrible !
 This just might be the most poorly made device I 've ever purchased . Adjusting the height is simple but adjusting the angle simply does not work . There 's a little plastic thing inside that when you push the button on the front , is supposed to release and allow the unit to move ... but it does n't work . Thanks for the large paper weight .
 I was so extremely disappointed by this , what I thought was a simple purchase of a footrest for my desk at work . Inside the UPS box , I received an already opened box from which I pulled out a smelly disgusting used footrest with dirt and scuff marks all over the top . After I read another one-star review for this item I was shocked to see that I was not the first person this had happened to . I will always take the time to read one-star reviews now on items even if it seems like a simple and cheap purchase .
 I ordered the wrong product thinking this was a heated footrest . It was mailed back to the supplier almost 3 weeks ago and I have had no word if they received it .
 The knob on the side just turned around and around -- it did n't do anything ! Furthermore , the instructions were drawings only , so it made it difficult to figure out what you were supposed to do .
 If you search Amazon for `` heated foot rest '' , this is among the first items that come up in the results . It of course does n't say it 's heated in the description once you pull it up , but it 's worth pointing out that Amazon will tell you it is . Technically , it 's my error for not anticipating that Amazon would miscategorize it . Hopefully this will help one or two others avoid the same user error .
 I received this product broken out of the box . It is cheaply made and not very sturdy and I am only 5 ' 5 , 130lbs . I liked the gel top but it 's not worth it if it does n't work . It 's also not all that easily adjustable -LRB- although that was the part that was broken -RRB- .
 I wish I never bought this because it was not sturdy enough for textbooks . If you put a textbook on it and turn the page , it collapses and or tears the page . I would n't even use this for a notebook .
 Despite the name , this is clearly not designed for ANY books -LRB- thick or thin -RRB- , and I have found it not very useful for copy either as the top clip does not grip at all . Its very light and compact , but does not lock into place , no base weight or rubber base to prevent constant slipping and collapsing .
 There were all these bad reviews about this thing not being able to hold a book . Fine , I thought . I do n't need it to hold a book . I only need it to hold a piece of paper . It wo n't . It wo n't even stay put . Both the front and the back pieces slide down no matter what position you put them in , whether you have anything in it or not . I ca n't believe amazon even sells this junk .
 It is a glorified copy holder . Unless the book 's spine is severly broken , it will not hold a large book in the open position . It would work well as a display easel . The adjustable height feature works ok for copy . The adjustable angle feature is flimsy at best . Save your money .
 Despite being called a Book & Copy Holder , this item does not work for books much more than 1/2-inch thick , and the clip come off fairly readily when trying to set up a book . What does work well for books is FEL10024 - Wire Study Stand , which is less expensive to boot .
 If you want a book holder do not buy this item . It is far too flimsy to hold anything more than a page or two at at time . Even if you manage to get the clip open far enough to hold a book , it will not hold it for long before collapsing .
 The phrase you get what you pay for is very appropriate when it comes to this product . While it holds papers okay . It frequently falls apart and is flimsy . It does not hold books well , the clip on top does little to nothing to hold things in place , and it only has one true place in which to keep it set in place as the other setting have no secure slot to prevent to small slates from sliding out . I would recommend spending extra to get a decent one if you really use it a lot .
 To light for texts books , when one turns the page the book holder topples-over . Also , the base is not wide enough . Does hold book open , top clip is not biggest enough or strong enough to be effective . Do n't buy !
 This product sucks ... This is not meant for books ... I wish I could get my money back . .
 this is a fairly useless product unless you want to view ONE piece of paper and wo n't have to move it . you might has well leave the document sitting flat on your desk . not worth the money .
 I agree this product does n't work for books . It 's difficult to move the pages due to the bottom lip , the clip is insufficient and both snag pages when turning , its to light , and it 's not wide enough for most books . It 's reasonable for papers . I miss a line guide . Its best feature is that its adjustable in height and angle . Its okay but there are better products out there but you will probably pay a bit more for them . This was my first holder . I have moved on to others but on occasion still use this one if my space is limited and the work is light .
 I bought 3 types of book holders , and this one is the weakest . I do n't like it . The other two holders are working great.I have n't tried this holder for papers yet . I would not recommend it for holding books ; it does n't hold them good , even medium size books .
 As I only use this product for loose papers , it functions perfectly for my needs . I have not needed it to prop up books , so I can not comment on its abilities in that area.This copy holder does not move well . My desk is small and I move quickly from project to project . It would be helpful if I could shift the copy holder without having to worry that it is going to collapse . Since the stand does not click into hold the copy holder upright , if I am not careful and try to move it - or heaven forbid , bump it - it collapses.The end of the world ? Oh , no . And it does what I need it to do - hold papers for transcription . I do wish I had spent a little more money for a better quality product .
 This book and document holder has limited usefulness for both . The height adjustment does not stay up on its own very well and it can not hold a document over 6 inches in height unless extended . Magazines and periodicals of any thickness will not do very well since it will not support their weight . Since the top clip is only good for something up to 1/2 inch thick and the bottom does not retain well it has limited usefulness for books of any thickness or binding stiffness . The stand does not snap into place so any disturbance will likely cause it to collapse . Pass on this one . I wish I had .
 I was so hoping I would like this . I liked that you could raise the top part so I could raise the papers up to eye level - but the angle adjustment is horrible , It DOES N'T LOCK INTO PLACE !!!!!! Once you set it up at the angle you want ... if you touch it - it will collapse !!! Talk about frustrating . That is the most ridiculous design ever . Why does n't it lock into place ? Do n't you usually flip through papers you might have on a stand or flip through pages in a book on a stand ? The slightest touch makes it collapse . Needless to say I returned it and bought the Fellowes Booklift Copyholder # 21100 ... much better and it folds flat when you 're not using it . DO NOT BUY this Insight Book & Copy Holder unless you like things collapsing on you ! Total waste of time & money !!
 I purchased this for an elderly relative with movement limited to one hand/arm . I made her a binder full of page protectors holding pictures and cards from loved ones . I chose this item because I could adjust it down for her bible and up for her binder . The good thing is that it is easy to turn the pages . The problem lies in the adjustable angle in the back . It does not snap or lock into place . My relative has a shaky arm and often must make several attempts to reach the page to turn it . Unfortunately , she winds up knocking it over more often that turning the page .
 This is not a sturdy product . It 's made of very lightweight plastic and the design is n't particularly good . It 's easy to collapse it accidentally . I have used it for paper but I would n't try to use it for a book . Mine arrived minus the clip at the top because the packaging was poor . On the plus side , the footprint is small -- does n't take up a lot of room on the desk . But for me the minuses outweigh the pluses , particularly the problem of accidental collapse . There are better choices out there .
 Not happy with this at all , its too flimsy and not very sturdy to hold books it falls down easily. : -LRB-
 I used this item for 2 days while having it support a medium weight textbook that was approximately 3 inches thick . The product broke on the second day . A big waste of money !
 Well , it 's not the worst book stand/holder I ever had , but way too lightweight for hardback books . I constantly find the stand falling off to one side or the other as I turn from one section of my Bible to the other . It is just too light in weight to use with books . Want the best one
 I just started using it . I try to turn a page and the thing falls over . It does n't even keep my book open and the clip is n't flexible enough to clip the book open and this book is less than 300 pages long . I feel ripped off - this should be like $ 2 .
 I would have given this product 5 stars if I had not needed to correct some manufacturing defects . First , I used an electric drill in order to make the swivel holes a hair larger because the swivel arm would not swivel easily . Next , the line guide does not slide up and down because the plastic clips are holding it much too firmly . You will need to shave part of the clips away with your drill using a small drill bit . Finally , one plastic `` clip-on '' piece and one plastic `` press-in '' piece , at opposite ends of the swivel arm , require gluing before attaching , a fact not specified or addressed by the manufacturer . I used Gorilla Glue which worked very well . Now I love it , but are you ready , willing and able to do the modification ?
 This item looks simple but does not lift `` EASY '' at all . You must insert a hexagonal driver to adjust up or down -LRB- NOT PICTURED AND NOT MENTIONED -RRB- - you can not just move it up/down at a touch or turn of a wheel . Turning the hexagonal driver proved nearly impossible for a 190lb 6 ' 4 '' guy who works out . And the metal piece being driven ? broke within minutes.Again , even if mine had a defective metal piece , it 's still not easy . You 'd have to inconveniently pull out the hexagonal driver any time you want to adjust it - you 'll probably end up misplacing or losing this driver quickly .
