 This is a great calculator for all types of math . It 's simple and easy to use .
 This calculator has all the functions I need for a graduate level statistics class . I especially like the 2-line display , which makes it easy to type in long strings of numbers without forgetting your place . The only reason I failed to give this calculator 5 stars is the case . It is incredibly flimsy and leaves me with no sense of certainty that the calculator is safe bouncing around in my bag.EDIT
 I own a ti92P , and it is a pain to take out to do simpler math . I got this as a smaller calc , i had a one line but I found it to be very stupid . if you are looking for a scientific calculator i STRONGLY recomend a 2 line , and while you are buying one i recomend you get the best !
 I did n't take math my senior year of high school and did n't know where my calculator was when I started college . I bought this one because it was cheap , compared to the TI 83 that I wanted . I used it for 2 years before it was damaged -LRB- my fault , not a product defect -RRB- . I bought a cheap calculator to replace it and have been very disappointed . I plan on getting another calculator like these before my statistics class next semester .
 The only fault I could find was that if you speed through your calculations , the calculator will tend to not receive everything you typed . If it could handle buttons being pressed quickly , it would be an easy 5 star . Everything else worked perfectly .
 Good basic scientific calculator . Works good . Does its job . No FX button for those of you that need a calculator with out one . This is perfect and cheap .
 Good price , product received as described . This is a great calculator for middle school and high school students . I also bought one for my elementary school child .
 Through experience this is the preferred calculator for our Engineering department in the construction industry . It completes all the necessary function and is a great value for the price .
 Proved to be very dependable . Product arrived undamaged and on time . Very good product and you ca n't be the price .
 Awesome choice . I bought this much cheaper than I would 've in the store . It came brand new and works perfectly .
 bought this for my doughter . her teacher asked her class to buy this calculater , may be she thinks this is a better calculater . my doughter is using it so no complain .
 The simpler of the two non-graphic scientific calculators from Texas Instruments is a great tool for middle school students.Every year stores run short on supplies of this gem as soon as school starts . Make sure you get yours before the school year starts as this is the one your child 's teacher will be asking for .
 I 've been using Texas Instrument calculators since HS and the have n't failed me yet . The buttons are a little stiff , but I imagine they would loosen up with usage.This calculator does what I need it to do . -LRB- Square and square root , division , addition , cos , etc. . . I would recommend this for any other students taking a statistics or college trigonometry course.It 's solar powered , which is pretty neat too .
 I had a test in about a week , where I really needed this type of calculator . It came a lot faster than expected and I was stress free . It gave be time to learn how to use it and now I can take my test .
 Calculator works great . This is the calculator widely recommended by high schools as appropriate for all levels of math classes . Serves all needs for hgh school student
 I has helped my daughter and I both when trying to do homework since math has chabged so much it is a wonderful help Thank you Live Saver
 Wonderful product , very easy order process , terrific Amazon.com ! Would definitely order again , if ever another were needed . Highly recommend ! Hooray !! ; - -RRB-
 Son needed a calculator for his math class . I saw that amazon had a calculator with functions that he need for his class . The calculator was gong to be sent to me in a few days and looked really good . son did n't complain that the claculator was missing any functions , so I 'm happy .
 Bought this for my Middle School son and he 's finds it perfect for the classroom . This is the exact model that the teacher uses so there is no confusion about button location or procedures . Just the right size to carry around school as well . Price was quite fair when compared to similar models available in brick and mortar stores .
 So far so good.Good product and delivered in time . I hope it has a replacable bettery anyway because it seems that sunshine is the only source of its power .
 We have several TI calculators , but the teacher specifically wanted this one . It was extremely reasonably priced . Arrived quickly and was put right to work by my daughter !
 I was surprised how many statistical functions this calculator has - variation , sample deviation , sum of squared two variables . Display is in two lines , so no confusion could arise about your last entry . A good calculators , especially for students .
 Trust me on my word . This is the best calculator ever . And if you dont believe me just because i am a kid , well it 's your loss . I bought this calculator and i gave it to my older cousin and he is in high school . Then he gave it to me and i am using . If your wondering what a 12 year old is doing with a scientific calculator well i go to HUNTER COLLEGE and it is from the 7th grade to the 12th . This claculator is best for freshman high schoolers and going to college . The only con is the buttons wiggles , but everything else is fine . Buy this calculator for a fine price or you will be sorry . it works from pre algebra to pre-cal and knows trigonometry .
 Needed to return product because bought to many by mistake and seller was very generous and helpful !!! Plus the item was in great condition !!!
 thank you for your prompt service , but the calculator is a little different from what I expected .
 I have
 The price on this calculator was right , so I bought it . After spending a week in my backpack -LRB- full of heavy books -RRB- this calculator was busted . It 's not like I snapped it in half or anything , it just would no longer respond to the ` on ' button . I thought that the heavy duty slide-off cover was supposed to prevent this sort of thing , but I guess not.Good calculator to have in class , not backpacks .
 This calculator functions are well thought out . The calculator could use better instructions from the manufacture . I bought my TI30IIs when I started in college and it has been very handy . I did find that the number buttons quit after one years worth of use . HP graciously replaced the calculator even though it was technically out of warrenty recognizing that this sort of problem should not have happened and accknowleged that the unit should last more than just a year . As I advance into calculus I plan to buy a TI89.Thanks HP for a great product .
 solid body , about the size of an IPhone , and a good price . Havent gotten a chance to use it yet but looks promissing
 Needed for high school class , and the calc was just right and exactly what was required for class . Good buy
 I bought this for my son for high school . It is easy to use and works well . I would recommend this to others looking for a good scientific calculator at a reasonable price .
 This is a solid calculator . It does exactly what is says it does , I have n't had any issues with this product .
 This calculator did exactly it was supposed to do . I was able to do my basic functions and a bit more -- but it is nothing fancy . Still works even though I do n't need it to .
 Now I need to learn how to use it . Got to me in the nick of time , just in time for finals .
 I 'm in college and could n't afford buying a TI-87 ? or 93 ? -LRB- ca n't remember what is what -RRB- but anyways , this does the job . I 'll eventually end up buying the more expensive calculators but in the mean time - I use this calculator every other day and it holds up well . I strongly recommend this product for a high school student or a beginning college student . Otherwise , if you have the extra cash , you should just invest in the more expensive texas instrument calculator to save you from having to buy two calculators !
 This calculator is a very basic scientific calculator . I recommend getting it if your school has a rule against graphing calculators and/or you are a cheap person who does n't want to buy TI82 or higher or equivalent . I 've never regretted buying this to replace the first one I bought for 5 dollars earlier that broke from old age . -LRB- I guess you ca n't expect a lot for 5 dollars postage -RRB-
 This calculator is easy to use for the statistics problems I need it for . The probability key is pretty intuitive . Worth the money .
 This is the best calculator . I has a two line display that makes it easy to fix input errors , easy to use keypad and is both solar and batter powered . I 've used this calculator for three years . It works for pre-algebra , geometry , algebra , and algebra 2 .
 This calculator is the best scientific on the market . If you need a good scientific calculator on a budget get this . I have a TI-83 and one of the best things about it is I can input an entire problem and go back and make changes . This is great and that is one of the great functions on this calculator . Anyone should have a graphing and a scientific on hand incase they can not use a graphing on a test etc. . A graphing gives progs and stuff . Spend just the 100 bucks and do n't get a huge calc but this and an 83 . Good luck on your decision .
 I would recommend it , based on its price and functionality . I bought this calculator for an engineering class that did n't allow graphing calculators . This calculator is exactly what I expected . It 's well-manufactured , with all the functions I could possibly expect.It works easily , but since I was n't used to this specific interface , it has taken me some time to become proficient with several key locations . The buttons are a little sticky , which precludes being able to type quickly without double-checking for accuracy . I 'm hoping the keys become a little worn down over time , and this drawback will go away .
 I bought this calculator for my daughter who is taking Statistics in college this year.She has told me how easy it is to use and understand the scientific equations . This is an absolute for anyone needing that edge in class do help perform the necessary functions to solve problems in statistics class!Thanks for the great calculator at an affordable price too !
 The TI-30X IIS 2 is a great product . I didnt need anything crazy expensive I just needed something to help me out in my College Algebra class and this has done the job . I would recommend it to anyone that is in need of a good scientific calculator but on a tight budget .
 Excellent calculator , perfect for all levels of College Algebra . Would recommend to anyone who 's attending College . Unbeatable price ! Very Satisfied !!!
 Outside of being able to attach this to your car 's rim and use it as a tire , this calculator does about everything . And , for a reasonable price ! This is the required calculator for the 6th grade here in Ohio , but I originally purchased mine for an advanced chemistry class for a top 10 university course 18 years ago . It 's still the one I grab every time I need a calculator - it performs all the scientific notation that I need , and does n't become cumbersome like the TI-83 . I 've used this for everything from calculus , microbiology , biochemistry to advanced chemistry and it 's worked like a dream . For the price , it just can not be beat and durability , well that speaks for itself . Highly , highly recommend !
 I needed a calculator for my stats final and it was the perfect price point . It had the functions that I needed to do the calculations and would definitely recommend it for anyone in a beginners algebra or stats class .
 I just finished my statistics class in college and while most people wasted money buying the TI-83 calculator I managed to breeze through the class with relative ease using this cheap inexpenive godsend . It can compute complex formulas and when in lacks in certain areas you can always find an easy workaround so that you can get it to do the kind of functions that people would n't think it could do . Regression analysis formulas , linear regression , and regression line are not to be trifled with but this calculator will pull you through !
 Just as shown , i use this for geometry 3/4 in high school . It is very useful ! I recommend you buy this , its cheap also !
 This calc does everything I need it to for my current math class wich is college math 103 . Would recommend for the basics
 I owned this calculator for 13 years before it completely died after I severely damaged the solar charger . To say it 's durable would be an understatement . In my later college years , I preferred using this portable calculator over my graphing calculator for most purposes.PROS
 As any TI equipments , this ons is also fantastic - simple to use , very light , perfect for day to day use . Reccomended !
 It is exactly Brand New ! Totally worth it !!! I gave 5 stars for this ! I am so happy about it!haha !! X -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 Just what we needed for my nephew 's math class in high school . He used his Christmas gift card to purchase it .
 This TI scientific calculator was easy to use instantly . Clearly written and thorough instructions that made it simple to operate . I have n't had use for all of the functions , and probably never will , but for high school and college , this will do very nicely .
 I have a graphing calculator but I needed this because I was not allowed to use the graphing calculator for one of my classes . It does everything I expected and it is easy to use.My only complaint is that you have to press some buttons hard for them to work . I think this is just because it is new and eventually they will break in .
 This is a very inexpensive calculator that has served its purpose well . The only problem I and another student had was figuring out how to work it . I spent hours figuring out how to add an exponent and logging . I suppose I might have looked at the instruction manual but , where 's the fun in that !
 It is a great calculator . It does not have graphing ability , but it it excellent for HS and Cllge .
 Calculator works great for when im not allowed to use my TI-89 . Simple , easy to use and the buttons feels solid . No complaints
 Great calculator for the price . I needed basic functionality for everyday engineering and this has it . 2-line display is a plus . Solar power should make it last many years . Keyboard could be a bit more tactile but works OK
 My son 's school provides these , so when he broke his the school 's replacement fee was outrageous ... glad I found the same one for 1/4 of the cost ! It works great .
 Esta calculadora es una ganga , un art&iacute;culo de gran calidad . Estoy sumamente contento con el producto y mucho m&aacute;s con el precio que pagu&eacute; .
 I bought this calculator entering my second semester of college . I have owned one other one just like this for years , so I bought one just like it , I love the layout , and It does just enough for me ! I love these calculators !
 Bought this on a recommendation from my professor and it is a great calculator ! Easy to use , plenty of functions . Can be used as a scientific or engineering . Very nice !
 This is a great calculator . It does everything I thought it would do and more . I wish I would have purchased this a long time ago when school first started . I am very pleased . I have tried others and this one is more user friendly .
 Product arrived quickly and in good packaging . The calculator is portable and can compute complex calculations . The calculator 's buttons are not as responsive as the TI-84s though .
 This is a brand new calculator , I do n't expect any problems.It 's for my 12yr old so until he starts using it I have nothing negative and hopefully wo n't in the future .
 I also own the Ti-83 , Ti-84 , and a Casio fx-260solar -LRB- fancy title for a cheap scientific calculator -RRB- . The Ti-30X IIS scientific calculator by comparison has an easy to understand layout of buttons , though it would have been great if the layout was more similar to the graphing calculators so that it 's not such a big transition with button-hunting . It 's a two-line calculator . The second line is handy in making sure you punched in the right numbers and operators , but is a little cumbersome for longer equations.My biggest con for the calculator is that the buttons are really plastic-y and require a bit of force to press down so that it makes the entry . This makes me constantly glance at the second line and waste a bit of time in my calculations . I guess the amount of force is a matter of perspective ; I 'm used to using the minimum force necessary to preserve the life of the calculator 's buttons.The cover is a bit scarce , but functional.My primary gripe with the Ti line of calculators is how they handle exponents on negative numbers . Casio does it right by multiplying the entire negative number against itself for whatever the exponent is -LRB- for example , -2 ^ 2 equals 4 -RRB- . But for Ti 's calculators , -2 ^ 2 equals -4 . To get the Casio effect , you have to do -LRB- -2 -RRB- ^ 2 to equal 4 . You may think this gripe is trivial , but when dealing with trigonometric formulas and such , it makes for errors in calculations when running long equations and you forget the burdensome parenthesis.Minus a star for the buttons , other than that it 's reliable and functional .
 As usual the Texas Instruments name does n't disappoint . This was just what my college freshman needed for her class . Easy to use . It 's a great help in class.Texas Instruments TI-30X IIS 2-Line Scientific Calculator
 Firsti of all , ship is really fast , so I could recieve it before the start of my class , and calculator is simple and enough to be used in normal univerisity math courses .
 I purchase this for my new algebra class and found it to be very helpful.I recommend this for any High school or college student .
 This calculator is just the right size and is great for basic math . But the calculator offers a wide range of tools for algebra and geometry type math . The calculator works well and has never failed on me yet . Definitely a perfect calculator for the size.And just as a heads up , the calculator pictured -LRB- All Black -RRB- is not the calculator shipped . The calculator shipped is the exact same but is blue . This calculator is not the TI-30X IIS but some other type in the series .
 Great calculator that really delivers . It is very cheap and the only reason I am buying it is to replace one that has lasted me for many years . It has all of the functions that are very commonly used in mathematics and while it unfortunately lacks the graphing capabilities they can easily and freely be replaced online , unlike this calculator 's great portability .
 I got this calculator a few years ago for one class that did n't allow graphing calculators . Even though the vast majority of my work involves CAS software , I still keep this around.It 's definitely my favorite non-graphing calculator , primarily because its input is pretty much exactly like something that you 'd type into a TI-83 or TI-84 calculator . That means that for the most part , you type it the way you would write it -LRB- though you do need to get a little used to the parentheses in the syntax , which you should anyway because most calculator software uses the same type of syntax , including Wolfram Alpha -RRB- . Negatives before the number , you can use parentheses the same way you would on paper , you can enter large fraction expressions using parentheses , and it 's all displayed before you hit enter . You can even use change of base formula for logarithms in a single input string . Overall , it feels very natural.If you 're used to the TI-83 or 84 , I would describe this calculator as being , for all intents and purposes , exactly like it but without the graphing , matrix , programming , or regression functions , most notably . Depending on your class , it might even be an alternative to graphing calculators -LRB- though there are some classes that require graphing calculators -RRB- . This is by far the easiest to use scientific calculator I have tried , and it 's one of two that I recommend to my students -LRB- the other being TI-30XS , but I make a point to recommend this one over the other -RRB- . -LSB- Update
 This is my favorite of the basic scientific calculators . For less than $ 15 , you ca n't beat it . Obviously it is n't going to have as many function as a TI89 , but it still has a surpassingly large amount for the price , even basic stats functions .
 These are very nice calculators with all the nifty functions students are learning to use . My only complaint is that it the cover is a bit of a pain to put back on , you have to line it up just right .
 Ordered for my daughter to use in school . The two-line display is a big improvement over the other calculators we had , and the blue color was a plus .
 Calculator is perfect for the high schooler who has a diverse class load - it has a myriad of uses for different classes from science to math . It covers more bases than the other calculators and is very hard to break .
 Bought a bunch of these calculators to put in drawers in my office , kitchen , desk , etc. I first got hooked on the TI-30xII in college when my TI-86 graphing calculator died . I did n't need another $ 100 + grapher but loved their ability to call up old functions and see my entire equation written out -LRB- and editable -RRB- before computing it . The TI-30xII fits that bill entirely without being expensive or overburdened with excessive features.Only negative is that you ca n't change the screen contrast , but other than that I do n't forsee ever buying a different kind of calculator .
 It works as well as most other scientific calculators . Its interface is very convenient , allowing you to plot out your equation and see the answer once you 've pushed the equal sign . And you are n't left guessing as to wether you are in degrees or radians mode - you see it for yourself on the calculator 's screen.Another very spiffy , and very affordable , product from TI .
 I had recieved this one very quickly . Only 3 days from ordered you to deliver me in Japan . I was surprised . thank you .
 This is the calculator that the kids middle school requested . In typical TI fashion it is a solid calculator .
 this a great item and it is easy for my specail need child to use and well as the other child .
 Wonderful product and the seller is top notch . Would purchase product again and agian from this seller .
 i use this product fro not only physics but also chemistry . The Texas Instruments models are easy to use .
 This calculator seems to be a good scientific calculator . Unfortunately , it was not what I needed . I had a TI 30X-A that was about 20 years old . I loved it , but alas , it died . When I went to replace , I could see the benefits of a two line calculator . I liked the idea of dual power.However , since I mainly use it for accounting purposes , this calculator does not work for me . I went through the manual looking for a way to make it work , but found none . I use this for check books and other things where I need a running total . IE . with this calculator , if you wish to enter 1 +2 +3 +4 with a subtotal and then a total , you have to hit 1 +2 = +3 = +4 = to get an answers . So I am saving this calculator for my preteen who will need ti soon enough and I went and bought another trusty TI-30XA .
 I have the TI 30X-IIS , a nice dual power , 2 line calculator . It has one feature missing , the fraction bar key , that another TI has . Other than that , pretty much the perfect machine for me ... except it does not use a comma in numbers to separate the thousands place
 The calculator is fine , but I would not recommend it to anyone used to TI graphing calculators with many more lines of text input and output visible . Only having two lines is a disappointment , and makes keeping track of longer computations more difficult .
 9.99 , what can you expect ? In fact , this calculator has more functions than I first thought and it works fine .
 I use this for advanced algebra I and it works great as a scientific calculator ! -LRB- I still have to have a graphing calculator , but that is too big to carry around all the time . -RRB- I use this for everything I do math-wise and it works great!Pros
 i bought this calculator for my biostatistics class . it has been great except for one thing . i ca n't figure out how to do factorials on it . other than that , it 's perfect . highly reccommended .
 I got this calculator for my son in school . It has worked well and my son learned to use it quickly .
 I purchased my first TI-30 in 1977 and carried in a drop holster with my slide rule , mechnacal pencils , and technical drafting pens . As the years went foward I relied on variant of the TI-30 for the latest , and every few years upgraded as I progressed in my profession.The TI-30 has been an asset to the engineering business since the days it replaced slide rules as a portable calculator , and even today it remains one of the fastest and easiest pocket calulator to use by an engineer.The larger beasts such as the TI-89 are fine for heavy lifting and complex transforms , but this variant of the TI-30 family is a superb buy for only a few dollars , and since the solar cell keep the power topped off so you do n't have to worry about batteries.This , and a TI-89 should both be kept on your desk , or in your briefcase . One TI-89 for the heavy lifting , and several TI-30 's for the lighter duty number crunching .
 This is probably the best calculator for middle to high school kids . I got mine in seventh grade and it was all I needed until calculus . In fact , we were n't even allowed to use graphing calculators until pre-calc . I held off getting one until calculus , though , because my TI-30XIIS did everything i needed it to and was so easy to use.The best thing : - you can enter entire expressions and solve them . this is because , unlike earlier models , functions like sine , cosine , tangent , square root , etc. are entered before the number . for example , with other models you would punch in 45 and hit tan , and it would automatically give you the answer 1 . With the 30XIIS , however , you press tan , then 1 , then enter . It seems like a disadvantage at first , but when you are doing more complicated math and need to enter a whole line of info , it 's a huge time-saver . Other good things : - You can go back and substitute other numbers into your expression . This is great when you are doing guess-and-check work , but it was most useful in chemistry and physics , when I had to use the same formula with a lot of different values . I was really bummed to discover the graphing calculators did n't have the ability to go back to an expression you 've already solved.-The buttons are arranged really logically . There were about three buttons grouped together up in the corner that I never used -LRB- I think they 're maybe for statistics -RRB- , but they were totally out of the way . When you 're doing trig , all the buttons you need are near each other . Same with logs and everything else . After using this calculator for a while , you can key things in so fast . Hitting 2nd -LSB- ans -RSB- is like a reflex now.Bad things : - The buttons were a little loose after about my third year with my TI-30XIIS . this did n't cause any problems with how it worked -LRB- at least in the next two years -RRB- , but the buttons were sort of crooked in their slots . Again , only an aesthetic issue . This did n't affect the performance at all.-Sometimes , if you do n't hit clear before you start your expression , it will use your last answer as the first number in your new equation . This is n't much of a problem , b/c it only happens due to operator error , and hitting clear becomes reflexive . It 'll happen to you , I promise . Honestly , if you looked around during a test when i was in algebra II , you would see at least one person unconsciously mashing the clear button . which also attests to the durability of this calculator.So , that is the TI-30XIIS from the perspective of a high school student . basically , it is the best calculator i 've ever owned , far superior in basic math to my TI-84 + . And it 's incredibly cheap . Calculating just does n't get any better than this .
 Main Points : I used this calculator for over 10 years before it finally stopped working , and I treated it fairly roughly -LRB- e.g. , coffe spills -RRB- . I think others here have attested to the functionality of the TI-30 , so I just want to emphasize that it 's a tough little gadget as well . Yes , the buttons are on the small side and there is a bit of play , but this was never a major problem -LRB- although at times it slows down data entry -RRB- . You can go to http://education.ti.com/downloads for a good overview of TI calculators , and you can scope out one of TI 's major competitors at http://www.casio.com.A Little History : This was also one of the first commercially available low-priced calculators that had two-line display and backspace to correct or edit data entry . The dual-power and scrolling display features were also once unusual . The top line -LRB- for data entry -RRB- shows up to 11 characters ; you can scroll backwards or forwards up to 88 ! The bottom line -LRB- shows results -RRB- displays up to a 10-digit answer along with a 2-digit exponent.Individual Needs Differ : From the reviews here , it appears that high school math is now more difficult than it once was . If you know that you 're going to need graphing capability , then obviously this is not the choice for you . Similarly , the prevalence of laptop computers and math/stats software may obviate the need for some of the more advanced features.Recommendation : The layout is very good and , for such a low price , it packs a lot of calculating might . However , high school -LRB- or college -RRB- students may want to narrow their choices and then ask their teacher which one has the most relevant functions for the next few years of math . Compared to twenty-five or so years ago , one can now get a lot more calculator for the money . Depending on your budget , therefore , you might determine that a calculator like this is sufficient for your short-term needs , but that you 'll need a new one if you go on to more advanced stats and math . In any event , this is a durable calculator that works very well .
 Nice to finally see TI step into the two-line solar calculator market . Very easy to use and the buttons have a solid feel . I also like the large display so you can easily see both the equation and the answer.Why did it give the TI-30 II only four stars ? For the same price , there are good two-line calcs -LRB- Casio FX-115 MS for example -RRB- which include a larger library of functions -LRB- base calculations , integrals , derivates , solve function -RRB- for the same amount of money .
 When I was taking courses in calculus and physics , I used the TI-86 because it had more functions and was more powerful , for the kind of math that was needed.However , the TI30XIIS is an excellent scientific calculator . It has most of the functions of a scientific calculator , with the scrollable screen that lets you check your numbers before multiplying , and perform many operations using the `` Ans '' function . As an organic chemist , it 's the only calculator I need when it comes to doing simple chemistry calculations , which involve a lot of basic operations.If you need to do derivates , integrals , polynomials , etc , then you should get something more powerful . If you just want a calculator to do your basic math yet allow you to check your numbers with ease , then this is a great calculator to have .
 Working towards BS in physics ; after years of using my TI-86 I figured it 'd be rational to get a solar backup just in case I was ever in a jam for an exam . Not needing something exceptional -LRB- yet -RRB- like a TI-89 or one with graphing capabilities -LRB- that I 'd actually use -RRB- , I settled on this bargain calculator . After I tried it out , I did some reflection and felt absolutely disgusted that I wasted ~ $ 100 on my TI-86 when I could 've gotten all I needed for < $ 20 , and of course by `` need '' I 'm pointing towards saving time on simple time-consuming math . This calculator , meant to be my backup , replaced my TI-86 . It has everything I need , is well laid out and does n't require batteries.I remember entering algebra in K-12 hearing `` you 'll need a TI-83 + graphing calculator '' ... oh my , what a lie ! Honestly , this is all you will ever need if you 're not going above and beyond calculus . Using a graphing calculator is also horrible practise for introducing algebraic concepts . Keep it simple and you 'll learn more , not that this is necessarily a `` simple '' calculator ! The main thing you wo n't have is graphing , the less important chapters of algebra to boot . Besides , how hard is it to plot a few points on a coordinate plane and draw lines ? Things like polynomials you should be able to do with ease , unless you 're one of those procrastinating/lazy types who could care less . I suppose if it 's all too excruciating , spend the extra $ 50 and cheat yourself.The only thing that caught me off guard was that my TI-30 cover is a dark blue instead of black , but I 'm hardly complaining ! Minus 0.1 star , but 4.9 stars rounds to 5 .
 I teach eighth grade math and use this calculator all of the time . Many of my students own this calculator and are amazed at all of its capabilities . The most facinating aspect is the fraction feature . Teaching my students to simplify complex fractions and then watching them `` see '' their calculator do it is fun . The paranthese function comes in handy when dealing with negative numbers raised to powers , and the order of operations feature makes it easy for my students to check their work . These are just three of the many capabilities of this product.I would highly recommend this calculator to any student grades 7-12 .
 I 've had this for about 7 years now -LRB- from high school to college -RRB- and it still works fine ! It 's small , handy and inexpensive . I like the 2-line display and how you can see the equation as you input the numbers . You can also scroll to previous equations you have entered , sort of like a `` history '' for your calculator . It 's easy to delete numbers in the equation too , if you make a mistake , rather than clearing it and starting all over again.The only problem I have with this calculator is , sure it has a lot of functions but it 's difficult to figure them out unless you plan on taking the manual with you all the time . It has cool functions , but it 'd be cooler if I knew how to use them all.Otherwise , good stuff , I highly recommend it , especially if you 're just taking basic math/algebra courses that do n't need graphing calculators and the works .
 I bought this calculator for a nursing statistics course . I have used it for almost two years with no problems . It is small enough to fit into my purse . The cover snaps on and off easily . When you are n't using the cover , it snaps onto the back of the calculator so you wo n't lose it . In addition there is a little instruction card that fits into the cover.It was great for the basics statistics . I have n't used it for other geometry or fractions . It has a neat scientific notation function that I would have liked to have when I started nursing.The price is right as well .
 I normally do n't have positive comments about the low-end TI calculators , but the TI-30x IIs -LRB- 30x -RRB- is the exception . The more I use it , the more I like it and understand why it is one of the accepted calculators for the actuarial exams . My favorite -LRB- 30x -RRB- features : - easy to read two line display with edit buttons - easy to use statistical and probability functions - great 5 memory register set-up - the standard scientific keys - intuitive arrangement between display and keystrokes This calculator has just the right combo of power and simplicity to use under test pressure situations or for everyday non high - end use . Amazingly , the -LRB- 30x -RRB- case feels better in quality terms than the higher priced BA II Plus . Well done , TI .
 This is a great item for basic scientific calculations . It does not do all the functions of the somewhat higher models in the product line but meets my needs just right . And a great bargain at less than $ 13 .
 I have used this calculator as my main calculator for every actuarial exam I have taken . It is easy to use and helps me make quick calculations . There are many simple features to it that help me fly through problems . I also like that it is solar powered so I never have to worry about batteries dying on me during an exam . I have never had one of these die on me ... they are always ready to calculate ! :O -RRB- Definitely recommend this for all actuarial students !!!
 I bought this item as a replacement to a TI-85 . I used that one because i liked the large screen and could see what i was typing -LRB- in the event you make a mistake -RRB- . Although this TI-30X only has a 2 line display , it 's perfect and much cheaper . It also has the parenthesis buttons which makes combining steps/formulas into a single entry ... great for everyday ...
 I use this in college and love that it was like 50 % off . The only thing is the buttons are weird . You have to push fairly hard or the number might not go through . Do n't know if its normal but its annoying . Maybe I 'm just used to graphing calculator buttons .
 This calculator 's features are more than adequate for my kids HS maths through Calculus . Bang for the buck is outstanding .
 No problems , calculator did everything I needed it to do . Only drawback is the buttons are a bit small so I can not tap the keys quickly .
 The calculator works fine and accomplishes what I need it to . The only problem is that the buttons are kind of wobbly and I can not type very quickly or the calculator will miss some numbers , but I think that is normal for this type of calculator .
 I bought this calculator for more advanced calculations , and it had all the features I needed , and wans ' t expensive at all . I would recommend this calculator to middle school and high school students who need a calculator that fits their classroom needs , but a college-level students may need a more advanced calculator .
 If you are looking for a simple calculator that can still be used at a higher level of mathematics , this calculator is what you are looking for . Not only was it cost effective , but the product came before the estimated shipping date .
 I really liked the product . Fast shipping . Good Quality and looks great once it is assembled .
 I am a math minor and this frickin Calculator helps me a lot . I have been able to enter functions/equations , plot through `` table '' and easily redraw graphs without the help of the grapher but then to check if the graph was correctly sketched , graph the darn thing . Geometric graphs are phenomenal also -LRB- 3D -RRB- . This is absolutely a best buy for me . It is my baby - I write memos in it with its Qwerty keyboard and keep tabulations and certain configurations with the `` program '' feature and hehe , get to have fun in lecture halls -LRB- ugh , BORING ! -RRB- with the games I download like BOMBERMAN . Well , you guys got my opinion - I give it `` ten fingers '' thumbs up for physical science , mathematics , social science majors . This is a MUST HAVE ! an absolute marvel and those who say it sucks , do n't know how to use it or either is to stupid to comprehend the natural aesthetic one finds in technology such as this.Sure it is big , but what is n't these days . Do n't be left out , buy it and go on the internet , download programs -LRB- that can even log you on to the INTERNET itself -RRB- and have FUN . Relax , enjoy the darn thing - its a wunderkind among computational devices ... `` One time , I saw Cameron Diaz at Spiegels and I talked her out of buying this heinous Ungaro jacket . Who ever said Orange was the new Pink , was seriously disturbed . ''
 IF YOU READ THE OTHER REVIEWS YOU PROBABLY HEARD SOME PEOPLE COMPLAIN ABOUT ITS SIZE ; WELL , LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING
 I needed this calculator of Differential Equations and this was perfect for the class . I does everything and does everything that I need for class . It can integrate , derive , graph , solve for a variable , etc. . I have had it for 2 months and I love it . The only complaint with my calculator is that is gives off a weird smell . It is not fried or anything and nothing is wrong with it . It just might be from being in storage awhile . But defiantly the best calculator if your class will allow it .
 After you have someone show you how to use all the buttons you can do hard stuff with it and get a B in calc 2 the second time around !!
 I loved mine , got it in Highschool in 1995 when the came out -LRB- yep 400 bucks on a calculator you ca n't use on ACT 's or SAT 's -RRB- but its far more useful then other graphing calculators despite it looking and weighing like a brick . you can easily and unambigiously type in your equation and it graphs it out for you ... and goes step by step so if you 're really really bored you can learn from this bad boy calculator computer to do it the long hand way . I loved it , I still have it and its book . and I still occasionally use it ... ran on 4 double A batteries , and its not a battery hog at all . for the serious math student , TI-92 was the gold standard , the upgrades can only have been better . but if you are calculator dependent get the TI 84 because that 's what you can use on ACT 's and SAT 's .
 A must have for the a technical person . This calculator has it all and you just ca n't go wrong with this purchace .
 Exactly what I said
 This calculator came in a perfect condition , its used but does n't have any scratch or failure , i was lucky because i found the TI 92 PLUS model in a very good price ; 35 + s & h. I recomend this item , good for high scool and some prefesional use !
 have referred this seller and product to many class mates because of price mainly and service was very satisfied
 Now that the vastly superior Voyager is out , this calculator should come down in price -LRB- theoretically -RRB- . While I think it 's ergonomically superior to the Voyager , it 's tragically lacking in Flash memory -LRB- which the Voyager has in spades ! -RRB- . The 92 Plus ' ergonomics literally allows you to crunch numbers at speeds that to non-QWERTY users would be unthinkable . Like I said , if you can find this calculator for $ 80 or less , it 's a steal . Otherwise , go Voyager and you will never look back .
 Reasons why the TI 92 Plus is the ultimate calculator ,1 -RRB- Unique Qwerty keyboard
 I 've got the ti92plus exaclly 1 year ago , and used it allmost every day since.As a university student , it made my life easier and become a standard tool in my studies.When i decided to buy one - i did n't know if it will be the ti92plus the ti89 or the hp49g . -LRB- some of my friends got the others -RRB- . the 92plus is bigger , but it will make your life easier !! the ti89 's dimentions will make you suffer in writing , pressing 3 keys for spacial keys . . and a little screen . As for the hp - i find it less friendlly than the ti , a CPU of 4Mhz instead of 12Mhz and more - but i cost less than the ti.Buy the ti - you wont be sorry !!! it worth the extra money !
 This is a great calculator for up and coming engineers and related degrees . The 92 plus is bulky , almost looks like a small portable computer . Most professors do n't allow it on test , because of that , but for higher levels of mathematics such as statics an engineering analysis it does the job that I need done . Be aware though that this calculator is discontnued by TI and replaced by the Voyager 200 series , so do n't expect help if something goes wrong .
 The TI-92 is very easy to use . I particularly enjoy the capacity to manipulate complex numbers effortlessly . The TI = 92 comes very close to allowing you to type in what you would write if you were solving a problem by hand . Easy to program your own routines for frequently used functions . As I said I have become happily TI-92 dependent .
 This calculator is the best there is ! Sure , it 's a bit big , but that gives you a QWERTY keyboard , and a big screen . I bought a TI-92 in 1998 , and got a plus module for it in 1999 , and now sold that one and got a TI-92 Plus . You might read in these reviews that it does n't have conversions . That is no longer true . There are basicly three models : TI-92 - This is the one missing a few features . Out of production.TI-92 w / Plus Module - Basicly updates your TI-92 to a TI-92 Plus . Adds some important features.TI-92 Plus - Features of the above module , but ` true black ' screen.This is a really great deal . If you want to get it around $ 120 , you can find an auction , and get a used one , or a new one for a bit more.There is a problem with schools . If your school is into graphing calculators , you 'll get some funny looks , but it should be accepted . If your school is only using scientfic calculators , forget it , you 'll have a hard enough time fitting in with a TI-83 Plus or whatever . I DO know this from expiriences with different schools , in the U.S. , and around the globe . But in college you wo n't have a problem . And if you do , you can always get a cheaper graphing calculator for tests , and use this one for class and fun . Make sure you check third-party sites for software like games and helpful scheduling aplications . The possibilities are endless . And , perhaps the best is that the main software is always updatable for free from TI 's website for free , so you never have an old calculator ! 5 stars !
 Never a better caluclator in existance.Used it all thought Calculus classes and Computer Science . It does everything . Fast , smooth , pretty print flawlessly and more memory then a herd of elephants . Even does 3D graphing excellently . Spherical trig ? not a problem at all and fully graph it , slice it up and zoom in.Also a few sites on hacking the TI-92 Plus that you can google for anyone intrested .
 I am not too happy that TI stopped releasing operating system updates since it 's basically the same as the 89 and voyage 200 . Other than that , its awesome . The QWERTY keyboard and function key layout is good . The large screen is good . It takes AA instead of AAA batteries so it lasts longer . Pretty print , symbolic manipulation , algebra , and calculus ... just awesome . It also does a lot of stuff with units which has been very helpful in several of my enigneering courses .
 thanks for the calculator ... calculator was good as new one , even though it was used one and right now I am using this calculator for all my college maths and science calculations . I would really like to thank you Paul ... for such calculator ... and for your kind co-operation for shipping twice due to my fault providing wrong address and not charging shipping charge twice ... THANK YOU VERY MUCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The TI-92 Plus is great in the classroom . It really helps in that the instructors are pretty much familiar with the TI calculators . Also , the graphs on the large display are helpful . However , in the real world of work , I still use my HP , as it is easier for me to enter information and quicker to get an answer from . This is just personal preference and familiarity , though . If you learn the TI before the HP , I 'm sure this calculator will be tremendously helpful .
 when i first saw the 92plus , i was reluctant to buy it ; ithought , what could i possibly do with that huge cpu ? i played with itand found out it can do every thing . i bought it immediatly . i had a86 in high school and and as soon as i got my 92 + i gave it -LSB- 86 -RSB- to mylittle brother . in my english classes i type my notes with it , ... onecan download all kinds of prog . to use at school , w/a ... connector , forinstance i got a chemistry eq . solver , have ebooks by shakespear andpoe ! i can even print my notes out and review them -LRB- graphs as well -RRB- youcan create your own programs , IT IS EASIER TO LEARN THAN ANY OTHERCALCULATOR , SERIOUSLY ! an individual that owns this calculator canlook with great disdain towards others . the games are a blast too fromsimcity to monopoly it got it all , the math power of this calculatoris great for calculus through discrete math , and with flash downloadseverycouple months it is brand new again . it is a multipurposemachine
 This is by far the most advanced , most capable calculator I 've ever seen . As I write this review , I 'm watching a 3D graph spin , revealing its finer nuances . Very cool indeed !
 Das calculadoras cient&iacute;ficas esta &eacute; simplesmente a melhos
 Being a math and computer science major , I thought a more powerful calculator would probably come in handy . Simply put , this calculator can perform about any mathmatical function that I 've wanted to use it for . Furthermore , when I find a function missing that I need , this calculator has sufficient memory and an easy-to-learn programming system to implement your own functions or programs . The TI 92 can perform mundane calculations that would be helpful in high school classes , but it is really intended to be used for the more complex ideas that upper level college courses make a student work with . It should be noted as well that some professors will not allow the use of this calculator on exams and the SAT and some other standardized tests definitely will not allow it . In my personal experience , I took a Numerical Methods math course which actually referred to my calculator several times and presented me with code on how to implement the complex equations in the TI 92 . Furthermore , my favorite feature of this calculator is the `` Pretty Print '' function . When this feature is on , the calculator will print most math structures just as they would look in a math book . -LRB- derivatives and integrals are a simple example of this feature . -RRB- One negative aspect should be pointed out as well , because of the sheer quantity of features on this calculator , it can be difficult to learn how to use it quickly . The instruction manual is huge , but it does feature many helpful examples if one takes the time to read through it . Finally , the addition of the `` QWERTY '' keyboard is very useful and most people will probably wonder how they ever used a graphing calculator without such a keyboard . In conclusion , this calculator is powerful , but it can be overwhelming at first . It handles simple problems and some of the hardest mathmatical functions possible with ease . Therefore , in my opinion , this calculator is a perfect fit for a math major in college or a person in a mathmatically related profession . Others , would probably be better off to save the extra money and get the TI 89 .
 I 've owned my TI-92 Plus for about a year now and I have been very pleased . I 've also owned the 81 , 83 , and 85 but this is no comparison . If you 're still in High School DO NOT buy this , buy the TI-89 . This calculator is not allowed on the standardized tests and most teachers wo n't allow it . The 89 is n't quite as nice IMHO , but is does almost all the same stuff . 92 Plus has better graphics and also can do Geometry .
 I 've owned and used a TI-92 for two and a half years now as a construction engineering student at Iowa State . This calculator is unbelievably powerful and has been a great help in all types of classes . It can solve equations symbolically , solve multiple equations in multiple unknowns , do some awesome 3-D graphing of upper level calculus functions , analyze spreadsheets on information for statistical variables , pretty much anything you want . The only small gripe I have is that it does not do automatic unit conversions like the TI-86 did . So you need to look up conversions factors , oh well . This calculator is what 95 % of engineering students at Iowa State use . It is indispensible .
 This is a great calculator , but because Amazon does not have a category for old ti-92 's , people often sell these as PLUS models . The only major differences are things Linear Algebra , upgradable firmware , and extra memory . You will want the extra memory if you write custom programs . Before buying one of these , email the seller and confirm it is a plus model , unless you dont care . Enjoy!Art Ketcham
 This is the best calc in the world . Perfect for college . It has a powerfull 12mhz 16bit processor -LRB- Motorola68000 -RRB- originally used in Sega Genesis , Apple Macs , Atari ST computer , Callus , system16 etc. . Compared to the 4bit Nec Saturn -LRB- HPs -RRB- , this processor rocks . It 's power makes this calc the best option . Maybe the Advanced mathematic software does n't take full advantage of the processor , but remember that flash software allows you to upgrade your operative system.Last upgrade increased calc archive memory up to 702kb +188 kb Ram . -LRB- total :890 kb -RRB- . You can download powerfull math programs , organizers -LRB- telephones , addresses , etc -RRB- , file explorers -LRB- this calc supports subfolders -RRB- , games , zippers , etc . All programs -LRB- even basic -RRB- runs very fast . You can made your own programs using TIbasic or 68000 assembly .
 If you are super hung up on postfix , or , just want to crunch numbers as fast as possible , then stick with the HP . But , if you want a portable mathematics assistant , then its a no brainer . This is NOT just a calculator it is a mathematics beast . It uses the old motorola chip found in the original Macintosh 's and runs a strip down version of Maple -LRB- the Canadian answer to Mathematica -RRB- . This device does n't remove the thinking from mathematics , but handles the pesky details so that you can concentrate on the concepts . Nasty Integrations that would cost you at least a quarter hours labor can be solved in a moment by the math beast . I 've used this thing in courses like calculus , diffy q 's , complex variables , linear algebra , statistics , physics , chem labs -LRB- using the built in spreadsheet functionality -RRB- and more . And , if on the very rare occasions that I needed specific formulas or processes that were n't built in , the relatively easy programming made adding functionality simple.For students requiring a lot of mathematics beyond the basic Calculus series , its usefulness can not be overstated .
 I 've got a lot of scientific calculators but they are too slow -LRB- HP -RRB- or do n't have too many possibilities -LRB- CASIO -RRB- . SO I decided to buy the Ti 92 PLUS which has got a very big anti-glare black screen -LRB- 128 * 240 -RRB- , a qwerty keyboard just like a computer ! , factorisation , taylor , solve equations , diferential equation graphing , etc. . You do n't have like other calculators only an approximate result , you 've got a SYMBOLIC EXACT result ! you have more than 800kb of memory to uograde your calculator from Internet and download applications -LRB- you need the ti-graph link $ 16.5 -RRB- I try the mathlab student version and this calculator is best , you have pretty print just like it s written in books , a range from E-999 to E +999 and a 12 MHz processor . It does EASILY 2d , 3d and much more plots in seconds because it has got very simple menus . You also can divise the screen in two parts . It s great , only buy it you wo n't be disappointed .
 I LOVE this calculator . People who are done with math , but still have to take Chem . and Physics should still consider buying it . I bought mine after Calculus III , and use it every day for my other science based classes . At first it took some getting use to toting aroung this big huge calculator , but the benefits outweigh the size . I write notes in it , solve problems with it , and create programs . I even programed all the atomic masses in it , which saved me about 5 min . of test time in Chem . -LRB- and anyone who has taken Chem . knows that every second is valuable !!! -RRB- My only regret is that I did not buy it sooner . The 3D graphing would have helped so much in Calc . 111 , and the calculus solver would have been great to double check my math . I 'm not sure if they are even selling the TI-92 anymore , but if they are make sure to get the TI-92 plus . The units and constants are a lifesaver come test time . If your a nerd like me -LRB- and I 'm assuming you are or you would not be looking up this calculator -RRB- who likes cool toys buy this calculator . !!!! = -RRB-
 The TI-92 Plus does the best of the TI calculators . The TI-92 regular does n't do nearly as much as the TI-89 , because it does n't come with the advanced math software like the TI-89 , But the TI-92 PLUS solves this and does everything that the TI-89 does , with Geometry and a little bit better display .
 I am a student and this calculator has been and I am sure will continue to be quite useful . However , if you are into saving money and are willing to live with a smaller screen-size the TI-89 Advanced Graphic Calculator is basically the same thing . The only difference is the screen-size and the QWERTY keypad , which makes the 89 a smaller and a more manageable calculator . However , both of them have one problem
 I really like this board - sturdy , double-sided and with a holder down below . Highly recommend it !
 I ordered this for our Sunday school class . I wanted the magnetic whiteboard instead of a regular whiteboard because quite often the teacher just needs to put things up during the class . This way we just use magnets instead of wasting tape . This is very sturdy and I love the fact you can flip the board . This is great for questions on one side and putting the answers on the other , then the teacher just has to flip it . At the base of the board where it spins there is a nook for the markers and eraser . I purchased a magentic eraser and magnetic markers separately and they stick to the board without a problem . The handle makes it easy to transport although I do find it to be a little heavy to lift and move around . I also like the fact it is height adjustable and you can easly attached one of those easel writing or drawing pads with the hooks at the top . This is definitely multi-functional and we will get a lot of use out of it in our class . Definitely worth the price .
 Looking for solution to support homeschool classroom ... Works great for our setup . Would recommend to anyone who is looking for something similar .
 I bought this set of colored pencils to complement a Primacolor Scholar set , this one specifically for coloring those difficult to color details on my drawings . These easily sharpen to a point with a standard pencil sharpener . They do n't snap on use , but I do n't apply a lot of pressure on them either . Overall , I 'm quite satisfied with the precision coloring these pencils afford me.This set includes only 12 Colored Pencils
 I bought these in the summer , and all I have to say is that I love them ! they are great for some of my projects . The shipping was super fast , and it was the cheaper one . I would recommend !
 we picked up two at BB&B and liked them so much we went back and they were sold out . Great to keep sunglasses from sliding across the dash . We decided to give a couple to the kids for Christmas .
 Works great , leaves no marks on the dashboard , holds everything very sturdily . Very pleased .
 Product is as advertised and works very well . I started with it on the dash and nothing came off even on hard turns and stops . I moved it to the top of the console because it was an easier reach and the results were the same . I would definitely recommend this item .
 My only disappointment is that my Garmin Nuvi suction cup would not stick to it ! Not quite sure why that is . Otherwise , everything sticks to it and it will not move from your dashboard . It does require an occasional rinsing if it looses its effectiveness . Once rinsed , it is as good as new . Terrific product and priced right .
 PHONE ARRIVED ON TIME AND HAS PERFORMED TO ALL MY EXPECTATIONS.HIGHLY RECOMMEND
 Loved how this product handled . I had always used the larger type dispenser with the handle , but this is by far easier to use .
 For my purposes , this is more useful than the gun handled plastic tape depressor thing . This is more comfortable in the hand and not quite as ungainly as the other . My little sister complained about the first one because she 's challenged and it 's difficult to use if you only do smaller packages , which she does a lot of . So I bought her one of these , -LRB- and now I have one too -RRB- and she loves it ! You can also invert this one and use it like a regular desk dispenser . I 'm aware that commercial places like UPS would use the other because they have the space and it probably puts tape on quicker than this one . But who needs fast at home when there 's no hurry ? This one 's also lighter in weight than the other . Makes her 80 yr . old mom quite happy with that too .
 I purchased this -LRB- Scotch 48-Millimeter-by-50-Meter Box Sealing Tape with Dispenser , PSD1 Clear # 70070560928 -RRB- for the dispenser alone . However , the two rolls of tape along with it is icing on the cake . I have searched through the net and this is a GREAT value .
 We have some of these at work that we have been using for over 10 years . They still work and look like new so I figured I would see if I could find the newer model of this dispenser for my home use . Guess what ? It 's the same exact item it was years ago . I can not see a single difference.It works perfectly and does not take up a ton of space . I really like the pick up and go design without a big handle or other parts to get in the way . It does it 's job perfectly . Applying tape to a box . Great design , compact and it just works . Love it .
 THIS PHONE IS GREAT IT HAS NO ENTERFERANCE AND YOU CAN HEAR THE PERSON THAT YOU ARE TALKING TO PURFECTLY CLEAR . I WOULD TELL ANY ONE WHO ASKED ME THAT THIS IS A GREAT PHONE .
 As an Architect , I use this sharpener every day . I do not understand the problems other posters have had with this item . Pencil sharpeners , electric or battery powered do not work well when the pencil is inserted with extra force while sharpening . Only a small but firm force is needed . Let the sharpener do the work.Results are better too .
 At first , i found I always have leads stucked inside . However it 's easy to deal with since I can easy take them off . Then I found you 'll need some trick to use it . Just hold it vertical so that your pencil is horizontal in it , I feel it works a lot better then have this sharpener sit on the desk . Anyway , it 's a good sharpener in a cute shape and works well .
 This product arrived in a timely manner , exactly as represented . It was a very good transaction , nice and smooth . I would definately recommend World wide Sourcing as a company that can be purchased from without any problems.Thank you
 This is the most useful spanish tool I 've ever come across . It basically renders standard dictionaries obsolete . Its very lightweight , portable , and easy to use .
 I bought this item from ebay -LRB- seller ID
 This is a great shredder . It handles easily 5 sheets at a time and you do n't have to remove staples . It will also shred credit cards . I would definitely recommend .
 Shapie markers are simply the best permanaemt markers for just about any use . We use them for making quick signs in our shop , putting names on clothing -LRB- on the inside -RRB- , and in the woodshop to indicate cut lines.The colors are bright and do not fade over time . They are also pernanent , so some care should be taken.Highly recommended !
 I bought these to mark on my copied CD 's and DVD 's and they work perfectly ! The 17 color pack is perfect for my use and I would recommend these Sharpie Permanent Markers to anyone who needs a marker to write on their CD 's and DVD 's . The ink does not run and shows up bright on the shiny Disc 's surface . Great price for the product . Thanks !
 Great ! This will work well with our school . It will meet the needs of our students and faculty as required .
 Excellent cordless phone . We have used it for the last 3-4 years . Works great . It has so many good features . I like the chain-dial feature -LRB- store your calling card pin etc , and use it by a single button push -RRB- . Looks great . The rechargable battery has been working all these years , I did n't have to change it . Really the best phone I ever owned !
 after nearly two years of ownership , phone is still working perfectly . speaker-phone function on both handsets is awesome . pretty good range . easy to use .
 this small size home phones works great , are good looking a has all the features you need , dont hesitate in purchasing . Not a good thing is the range !!
 This is a really good phone ! Love the size and the handsfree features on each phone AND the base . Our last phone did not have that feature on the base and if the phone rang and we could not locate the handsets we could not answer the phone . Now we can ! The reception is great and the volume features are easy to operate . We also got a killer price and prompt delivery . We are happy customers !
 The uniden cordless phone with dual handsets that I ordered has so far met the requirements for which I purchased it.I needed an additional phone for my bedroom and a phone that I could have beside me while in the living room.The weather is not receptive at the present time to test the phone while in the yard , which was another reason for the purchase .
 Best phone for the price . Makes life so much easier . Best phone ever . I will never buy any other kind ever.Looks very nice , easy to use , no-errors in pressing the number buttons .
 What an upgrade this was from my old Panasonic 900mhz phone.The phone is great . What stands out from this phone.The good-Bright screen and easily readable text.-Clarity of sound , no static.-Easy to setup , took about 5 minutes.-Small , stylish , fits in your hand nicely.-Answering machine is easy to function , the messages are loud and clear.Not bad of a deal for under $ 100 for a two headset phone . My first Uniden and I very much like this one over the Panasonic phones I 've used for years . Highly recommended .
 This phone far surpasses any digital phone I 've ever owned . The audio quality is exceptional , quiet and clear . The `` do not disturb '' feature is useful for disabling the ringer , and the answering machine is simple to use . It has lots of features , and is a great value for the money !
 Nice features . Easy to use . Fits nicely in hand . Love the options . Great product . I 'd buy it again .
 I LOVE these phones . I 'm from Barbados and we have been using these phones for approximately 7 years and they still work perfectly ! No issues with display , sound quality and the range is astounding and ours also came with a headset that you can attach and use if you were doing chores and wanted your hands free to do stuff . The only thing is that the material around the antenna tends to break off after a while leaving the metal wire sticking out . However , I would vouch for these phones ... they are also children proof ... our kids have dropped them repeatedly and they work still and were not damaged . About 3 months ago ... my husband had some concrete blocks on the back of his dump truck and I was on the back of the truck helping him to offload the blocks and I had one of the handsets with me and forgot it on the back of the truck . When my husband went to dump the broken/damaged concrete blocks the phone was accidentally dumped with them and when we realised what happened and retrieved the phone about an hour later , it was not scratched or damaged in any way and was still working and is still working up to today ! For those who did n't have a good experience with these phones , I can only guess you received a defective one out of the lot that was manufactured as this happens sometimes with any product but as I said before , I can vouch for this particular model Uniden phone , it works ! We love them so much that we refuse to buy any other brand or model and I realise they are hard to source online now . We will be using these phones until the base stop working and the handsets become ramshackled and that does n't seem to be happening any time soon .
 This telephone is the best phone Ive ever owned , I have 4 phones on one system and have never had a problem in 3 years , reception is outstanding , ease of use , and phone batteries have never been replaced , this phone in particular is the best home phone system on the market , Ive tried others , nothing beats this one . You can do so much with this particular phone even the higher price uniden 's are not as good , have friends with diffrent uniden phones all have switched to this phone , no one has any complaints !!!!!!!
 For everyone who has this phone and was having trouble with adding the area code - I found the solution . When your looking at your caller id and it 's a long distance number you can hit the # button to add the area code -LRB- if it is n't there already -RRB- and you can add the `` 1 '' before the area code and number by hitting * -LRB- tone -RRB- * woohoo * no more editing and redoing all the numbers before you add them to caller id !
 I bought these to replace old cordless phones . They work great and seem to hold the charge well , especially with two chatty kids , they spend more time off of the charger than on it ! Good variety of rings to choose from , can assign a different tone to specific phone numbers . Speaker feature is used often by my daughter , `` locate '' feature is used often by me !
 For anyone having trouble with any Uniden Cordless phones with Bellsouth DSL service , we had the same issue initially . We went to Home Depot and they have a little gadget for $ 25 that you put on your phone line where it comes in your home , that separates the line into one going to DSL and the other going to the phone line and filters them separately . We went around and around with this issue until we bought this gadget and put it on our phone line . We have not had ONE problem since , and we were getting 20 + disconnects from DSL a day beforehand . The phones are GREAT . The problem is the Bellsouth DSL filters they supply and the way they are used , is not very effective . Save any frustrations , keep the phone , and just go buy the $ 25 gadget for the phone line !
 I bought the DCT 648-2 set for a specific purpose ; I only had one physical phone line , and I wanted all of the features available which it had.The simplest way I can put it is
 ive purchased two different base units , , , I , d recommend pluging in the base into a surge protector , , , we , ve killed 2 bases , , , the hand sets seem to survior , , , lightning storms seem to love the base units ...
 Just got this system with two handsets and am wonderfully pleased . It 's got great little features like remote retrieval of phone messages from the handsets . No problems with sound quality at all . Highly recommend .
 This phone makes the sometimes frustrating search for a good cordless phone easy . Look no further!I ca n't find anything wrong with this phone . Uniden really seems to have thought of everything here . Not too much . Not too little . Just right!A soon-to-be classic cordless . Well done , Uniden .
 This Uniden dual handset and digital answering system package is a GREAT VALUE , and most importantly , WORKS WELL ! The usual gremlins that plague cordless phones clearly -LRB- pun intended -RRB- have been addressed with this product . These phones have excellent battery life/talk time , excellent voice transmission and reception quality , ` spread spectrum ' technology that works well -LRB- for privacy - it makes it harder to impossible for those with scanners or other Ham Radio receivers to eavesdrop on your calls -RRB- , and a speakerphone that works great . An added plus is a beautiful , high-tech looking amber colored lit keypad on each phone . For years , I have been spending all kinds of money on cordless phones , and most have fallen short in all of the above areas . Finally , it is a pleasure to have found a reasonably priced , ergonomically and aesthetically great looking , quality set that delivers excellent performance in all important areas ! GREAT JOB UNIDEN !
 This phone works great . Clear sound . I even added a third handset that I bought in a yard sale .
 I bought this along with two extra handsets while visiting my parents . My parents had two 900 mhz phones and one answering machine that picked up after four rings . By the time my mom got around to answering the phone she had to shut the annoying answering machine off . I upgraded their answering machine and phones and with this 2.4 ghz system along with two extra handsets . Now they 've got a phone in each bedroom as well as one in the kitchen . I managed to set everything up the morning I left -LRB- after the minimum required initial 15 hour charge time -RRB- . The answering machine picks up after 6 rings and each handset has been programmed to answer after picking it up from the charger -LRB- stopping the answering machine -RRB- . I really like the speaker phone feature in each of the handsets too . The handsets are quite small but are all fully functional with caller ID . BTW you only need one phone line and four electrical outlets for each handset and answering machine .
 Uniden DCT648-3HSPros * Bright easily read display * Phone is small and fits in hand nicely * Message notification light on handset and blinking led on base * Messages can be accessed on any handset as well as base * Handsets can be named -LRB- example
 I have two phone lines , and each has one of these Uniden systems with a base unit and 3 handsets . The base units sit next to each other , over the top of my computer , and there is no interference.There are a number of specific things I really like about this system : - The built-in answering machine can be accessed from any of the handsets . If there is a new message waiting , a light flashes on the handsets to alert you . The base unit also has the option to beep at you until you listen to the message . The answering machine is very customizable - The handsets have a speaker phone , and I can switch back and forth from speaker phone and I have never had someone on the other end say `` are you on a speaker phone ? you sound like you 're in a tunnel '' -LRB- like they always did on my old phone -RRB- - You can send the phonebook entries from one handset to another . - There are lots of ring tones to choose from . You can set up different ring tones for different callers -LRB- if you have caller-ID -RRB- - When you want to add a handset to the system , you just place it in the base and voila it 's registered . - You can use the handsets as walkie-talkies away from home . You also use them as a baby monitor . - The handsets are small and lightweight and accept a headset . I put on my headset , clip the phone to my belt , and can talk for hours . - With my previous phone , I had constant problems with accidentally hitting the mute button while I was talking . I have never had any such problems with the uniden . - The battery life seems great . I recall one marathon 5-hour phone call , and the battery was fine . - The sound quality is great . - The display is very easy to read . You can name your handsets.I can only think of one complaint . When on a call , if you want switch to another handset , you ca n't just pick up another handset and push Talk ... you have to transfer the call to that handset . That is not that big a problem , but it has taken some getting used to , and has resulted in hanging up on people a few times.All in all , after 4 months I am very happy with this phone system .
 I initally bought these phones before and took them back to the store , thinking I did n't like the small size , in large part because they could never sound as good as ` normal ' sized phones . -LRB- I have a big head , so there 's a long span for a phone to cover . :-RRB- So I finally settled on the AT&T ; E2715B/E1215B , a 2.4 G set with two handsets . However , I kept coming across these Unidens and re-reading the reviews and finally broke down and tried them again.As a comparison test , I switched back and forth between AT&T ; and Uniden in both receiving and making calls -LRB- left myself messages at work -RRB- . In normal handset use , the Uniden blows the AT&T ; away ! It has much fuller sound and ` presence ' in both listening and speaking , whereas the AT&T ; sounds like a radio using only a little tweeter . However , I thought the AT&T ; 's speakerphone to have a little better sound . The headset quality is comparable between the two , although each has different tone - the AT&T ; being more treble , the Uniden having more bass.That said , I actually prefer the AT&T ; phone 's ergonomic shape and the way it fits my hand , simple uncluttered layout , larger buttons , and green backlight -LRB- over the Uniden 's garish orange -RRB- . Just not sure I 'm ready to switch to a cell sized phone permanently.Since I like talking on a headset more than a handset , I did one more comparison test of the Uniden against the 900 Mhz GE cordless headset phone I 've used for a couple of years . Both come across with a quite decent sound , but the Uniden comes across a bit louder and clearer.Some negatives of the Uniden , most not unique to this brand of phone :1 . As noted by others , I 've noticed ` burps ' with 2.4 GHz phones while using the microwave , not too surprising with both devices working on the same frequency . Not a big problem , unless you normally talk and cook at the same time .2 . I 'd like a better selection of ringtones . The selection of 20 just is n't that great . -LRB- How about a sound clip that mimics the old ringing phones , for us geezers old enough to remember when most phones had cords and dials ? The AT&T ; even has that ! -RRB- 3 . This last one is a stupid , * stupid * design mistake made by practically every brand of cordless phone with a caller ID display
 We are very satisfied -LRB- if not blown away -RRB- by this phone . For the price it has some very nice features . We especially like that we can access messages from any phone -LRB- we also purchased extra handset to go with this system -RRB- and we really like the speaker phone feature on each handset . The handsets are a little small but that 's not all bad . Sound is a little tunnel-like but not a deal breaker for us . Paid less for this system plus an extra handset than we could find in any other brand that had same features .
 This is the first review I have written on Amazon.com , but felt compelled to write one for this great set of phones from Uniden . I have only had them approx . 1 week , but the sound and feature set is great . I had one small issue with static and the echo mentioned in other reviews , but after moving the base station to a more open area -LRB- instead of inside an entertainment center -RRB- , this cleared up . The sound/reception is great , now.Pros :1 . Phonebook copy . Contacts stored in phone can be copied to all handsets . Many other phones will not do this .2 . Speaker phone on each handset .3 . Digital answering machine is very user friendly . You can check messages from any handset , which is very handy .4 . 20 ring tones to choose from , and distinctive ring tones can be assigned to your contacts so you know who is calling just by hearing the ring .5 . Color -LRB- silver casing with orange backlighting -RRB- is very cool , and highly visible in low-light situations.Cons :1 . When on a call , if you switch to another handset due to battery/location/etc . , you have to transfer the call to that handset . You can not just pick up another handset and push `` Talk '' . This disconnects the call you are on . This is explained in detail in the manual , and is fairly simple to do , but annoying if your phone battery is about to give out .2 . Numbers stored in contacts do not appear that way on caller id , as with many cell phones . Not a very big drawback , but would be nice to see `` MOM CELL '' pop up instead of `` Birmigham , AL 205 - ### - ### '' . I store phone numbers for a reason , so I do n't have to remember them.Conclusion : This is one of the best sets around for under $ 100.00 . In most cases , you can find them in a 3 phone set for around $ 90.00 . The feature set is excellent , the phones look great , and battery life seems to be very good . The use of NI-MH batteries is nice , as the NI-CD batteries seem to develop a memory and not hold a charge much quicker than the NI-MH or lithium batteries . I would definitely recommend this set to anyone .
 So far , this phone is EXACTLY what I was looking for . I wanted to try out the two handsets concept , and that works great . I have the second handset plugged into the bedroom outlet where no phone jack is required . I ca n't get over how much phone I got for the price . It has the built in answering machine , speaker phone , phonebook , multiple ring tones -LRB- about 20 I think -RRB- , I could go on and on . There 's really a ton of neat features , only half of which I 'll probably ever use . You can even use the two handsets as walkie-talkies without even being near the base . The answering machine was easy to set up as are the handsets . Most of it is relatively intuitive , although if you need to refer to the manual , it is easy to understand . The handsets are small , which may or may not be to everyone 's preference . I actually like them small , because they are lightweight and easy to attach to my belt . They are n't too lightweight either , meaning that they do n't feel flimsy or empty at all . I have not experiened anything unpleasant in the sound quality . The sound has been crystal clear for me . Also , the range on this phone is very impressive . I walked to my neighbor 's house with barely any interference . I have always had good experiences with the Uniden brand . Every time I 've tried another brand , I 've ended up unhappy . This model is sleek and stylish , compact and full of features . Most of all , the quality of sound and construction is excellent . I would highly recommend this phone .
 I work from home and I use these phones constantly throughout the day . They perform flawlessly . The sound quality and reception are superb . The battery life is amazing ... I 'm on long calls all the time -- 2 or 3 hours or more , and the battery has never died . I do n't even know if there is a warning tone for low battery . I love the speakerphone built into the handsets ... I use that all the time , and people ca n't even tell I 'm on a speakerphone . All the other features ... the mute , redial , phone book , caller ID , all work great as well . Right now I 'm in the process of moving to a bigger home and I 'm shopping for two DCX640 's to complete the system ! I would recommend these phones to anyone .
 These phones are great , they have long battery charge time away from cradle and are loaded with features . Easy to use . A great buy !
 I bought this along with two extra handsets while visiting my parents . My parents had two 900 mhz phones and one answering machine that picked up after four rings . By the time my mom got around to answering the phone she had to shut the annoying answering machine off . I upgraded their answering machine and phones and with this 2.4 ghz system along with two extra handsets . Now they 've got a phone in each bedroom as well as one in the kitchen . I managed to set everything up the morning I left -LRB- after the minimum required initial 15 hour charge time -RRB- . The answering machine picks up after 6 rings and each handset has been programmed to answer after picking it up from the charger -LRB- stopping the answering machine -RRB- . I really like the speaker phone feature in each of the handsets too . The handsets are quite small but are all fully functional with caller ID . BTW you only need one phone line and four electrical outlets for each handset and answering machine .
 It 's almost impossible to bring a cordless phone home and it 's almost perfect . This is that phone ... cute , easy to hold , good sound , loud enough , speaker phone good , not too bulky , not too small , you can add additional phones to it . So when I 'm too lazy to go upstairs to ask my mom a question , I just hit the button and call her to the other handset . You can also use it in `` monitor '' mode . Easy to read display , easy to program and program different rings for different people in your address book.The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because for some reason , after I had it for several months , I started having problems with my DSL and we found out that this particular phone was disrupting my phone signal . Moved the phone around the house , and the problem was always this phone . When I replaced it with a Bell South phone , I did n't have the problem with the phone line any more , but the Bell South phone has horrible sound quality ... so , I 'm going to buy another Uniden and try it again .
 The wrist rest is comfortable , it works perfectly with optical mice , and it looks really cool . I 've bought three of these so far -LRB- one I tore open to see what the wrist rest was made of , one for my home computer , and one for my work computer -RRB- and will never use another mouse pad as long as I have a choice .
 I have been using the reference sytem for two months and love it . It does n't tip over when flipping from page to page . The system moves so if you are sitting or standing you can use it . You ca n't move it to landscape position , but it comes very close . It has a rubber bottom so it wo n't slip of the desk .
 The item was what I expected and arrived in the expected amount of time . I am happy with the purchase .
 This stand is exactly what I was looking for . It was very easy to assemble and works perfectly . A great valuefor the cost . I had a little trouble getting it - first time was shipped an incorrect item and it was also damaged upon receipt . Notified the company and they sent a return label and then shipped me the correct itemwhich arrived in good condition . All in all I am very happy with this purchase .
 A very good product once put together . The assembly instructions leave a bit to be desired . No mention of certain requirements . Trial & error solved the problem .
 The shipment was very prompt . I expected some difficulty in assembly , but encountered none . Perhaps it has improved since the previous reviews . All holes were predrilled perfectly and assembly was done without any problems.A very sturdy stand for many uses !
 this little stand for the almost-outmoded typwriter makes a nice addition to my wife 's home office . The wood-grain of the finish looks real . It 's a piece of furniture for sure . It goes together easily , with easy steps that anyone -- even a guy like me with little skills -- can have the finished product ready for the typewriter . Now if only my wife could figure out the new typewriter !
 These personnel folders enabled me to better organize my employees ' records . Excellent business tool to keep track of all aspects of employees ' history , work performance , discipline records & time off . I highly recommend them !
 I scored an ancient M-22 Dymo-mite Tapewriter on ebay and needed metal tape refills for it.Fortunately , this product came up and the price was reasonable . When I received it , I was surprisedthere were 6 -LRB- or 12 I do n't remember -RRB- . I 'd expected just one .
 Circuit Breaker box was getting hard to decipher in the dark , the ink was just too faded to read in flashlight . Ordered this tape hoping it would work in my Dymo . It did . I made labels for each of the circuits , then drilled small holes in the case of the circuit breaker box and pop riveted them into place . I can read them easily now and no fear of faded ink . -LRB- I did glue over the holes and the rivets to seal the case against very small bugs . Probably not necessary , but easier that finding the box in the dark if it developed a `` bug . '' I left the remains of the tape hanging from the box on a piece of string , in case we change or add to the circuits .
 Arrived on time , excellent quality , I 'd recommend this sellers products to anyone . This product is the best of its kind anywhere .
 I got a keychain with no script at all but they fixed it and fast . Thank YOU ! I would just say there needs to be something clearer so that you can add your engraving.Grateful !
 We had many problems with the delivery of this item . It arrived damaged and it took over a month to arrange pick and delivery of an undamaged cabinet . Otherwise everything would have been excellent .
 I recently purchased my first labeler after reading David Allen 's book , Getting Things Done . I bought a Brother labeler that accepts TZ tapes , as well as Avery tapes , such as the AV1789 . The Avery labels are great to give a uniform look to your files . Not only can you use a consistent font , size and layout , but the Avery labels assure each label is the same size . If you use TZ tape , each label may be of different length.The labels are not laminated , so they are not as durable as the TZ tape . For file folders , I do n't think that 's a concern . My only gripe is the price . It lists for about -LSB- $ $ -RSB- . As there are 50 labels , that works out to about -LSB- $ $ -RSB- cents per label .
 I bought this product for my dog for christmas . I know she 's going to love it . I love the design on it . It is really sweet . I 've heard alot of good things about this product and definitely reccomend it to pet owners that like to get their dogs special treats . They come in a lot of different designs for every holiday / occasion . There are even ones for `` Just Because '' .
 This was a big hit for all the dog lovers on my Christmas list . Quick delivery . Very happy with purchase .
 Product was received in 4 days after ordering . Is in great shape and I would not hesitate to order from them again
 Just purchased this phone from Costco for 99.99 , less than anywhere else available . The features of this phone are great . Being able to retrieve messages from any of the 4 handsets is a major plus . The intercom feature from handset to handset also ranks high on the feature list . I have not had the opportunity to try the enhanced Caller ID feature yet where you can send people to voice mail , dump the call , or have it announce that you will not take this call ... but it does sound cool.Ergonomically the phone is easy to hold against the ear with your shoulder due to the size . It 's not thin where it will make you crank your head way over , and it 's not too thick either.I was worried about using it so close to my wireless network setup in the office . But have not had a single problem even though they reside in the same 2.4 GHZ band.Everything about this phone screams comfort to use . But there are some drawbacks that I have found.First , the buttons need to be pressed down fully to be used . While this is not like my last phone , you may find it not so easy for the elderly.The End button is placed in a weird place , that takes some time to get used to . They have such a large Talk button , that I feel it should also have been used to end a call , but then again , where would you put the flash button ? -LRB- The talk button does both features -RRB- . It will take some time to get used to all the features that are available ... since they are all accessed through the menu/clear and select buttons even while on a call ... which is how you dump calls that are coming through to voice mail . . a cool feature.Overall I would rate it a high 4 , not a 5 since nothing is perfect . But for the price of getting all these phones in the house with only having to plug in one for the jack , this is a great buy . The feature list is bigger than what they advertise , so be prepaired , but whats great is that you wo n't get lost in setting this up ... or using them , Menu items are done very well.Worth the money ... in my opinion YES
 My sister 's doggy loved it ! Holiday treat and greeting combinatation with no waste ! Very green .
 If you are looking for a cute gift for your dog or a friend 's dog , check out Crunch cards . Card came quickly and packaged well . Envelope is included . No problem with my friend 's dog eating it and did not make mess . My friend 's dog loved it !
 I bought some of these for doggie birthdays in the past and they absolutly loved them , so I figured if I was sending out Christmas Cards to humans , why could n't I send Doggie Christmas Cards ?! Everyday I would get a phone call from someone telling me `` HOW CUTE '' they were and what a great idea ! They loved the idea ! Not to mention the dogs being able to eat their card ! Perfect Perfect Perfect !!!
 These keyboard stickers are fine and got to me in good condition.This was the first time I had gotten any keyboard stickers and the color is bright and stands out nicely.I had been thinking about a way to make typing typing easier for forums and pdfs so they will help me make better posts and make the keyboard as useful as it can be for me , I was hoping they would serve their purpose and make it easier to learn and type and they work nicely.All in all , recommend .
 These stickers are terrific and handy , they were easy to trim up and use on my iBook . The color is a different enough shade to distinguish from my keyboard letters . They are of great quality .
 I like this phone . I have speakerphones all over the house and office ; different brands as I have usually gotten what was cheapest . Now I need to replace an old phone ; this is clearly my choice to use as the replacement . Easy controls including easy volume control , mute and hold . Also , the handset rests securely in the cradle . Some phones have handsets that fall off the cradle so easily that I 'm constantly replacing the handset . This is a well designed phone . It 's wide . I wish it were narrower , but I still prefer it because of its service and design .
 Slightly different from old 950 . Made for a desk top does not have adaptablity for wall jack . Nice feaTURES EASY TO PROGRAM , DOES NOT NEED ELECTRIC PLUG IN . Works on Batteries .
 Very satisfactory phone . I received it as scheduled and in exellent condition and reviewed it yesterday but had trouble with Amazon 's site leaving the review , so accidentaly gave them a bad rating .
 This is a very good phone and quite reliable although I was unable to change the AM/PM designation .
 Great corded phone with all the features I was looking for . Good value for my money .
 I looked all over for these strips . The price was great and they did exactly what I wanted them for . They are easy to apply .
 Great reinforcing strips . Works much better than the individual hole reinforcements . Easy to attach and can be cut to fit the page size .
 for binders that get a lot of use they work fine and do n't come off . I am not sure what other applications people are trying to use them for.Nothing fancy but they work . I have used them for about four years now .
 There is no better way to protect pinball target decals , ramp entrances , and busy areas of a playfield than with a good strong application of mylar , and these mylar strips are just the prescription . Good seller - good product - great transaction ... ! -- BB
 I 'm using this to store my winter boots under the bed - works beautifully . Keeps boots from taking up so much room in the closet and they stay nice and clean . After the winter season - they right back down to the basement until next year .
 I was very pleased with the quality and price of the # 9 envelopes , which are quite expensive at office supply stores . -LRB- I use them for self addressed envelopes for missionary letters for people to send in their next donation -RRB- . I will definitely use this company again when I need my next supply .
 Several of these envelopes have come and gone through the mail with no issues ; they have admirably fulfilled their function .
 OK , got ta sound dumb but the best part of these is that # 9s easily fit into # 10s which make my occasional mailings a breeze ... I know some of you knew this , but NOT me , and again , made my projects pretty easy now for a great `` Prime '' price , thanks !!
 Since bookmarks are always falling out of my books , I tried a sheet of these memo pads since they are so lightweight and they work perfect - they never fall out of the books and I can write on them too .
 It always seems we use up the papers provided in the board games faster than we should so I bought theses as a supplement . Works well and great value for money .
 I am so glad that Amazon carries these memo pads . They are so useful for so many things . They are very difficult to find when I look for them in the stores . I think that the 4X6 inch size is the most practical one . I make my shopping lists , for the market and other stores , my reminders , important information that I want to keep handy , etc. . I also put some on my fridge door , with magnets . I use them for so many things . The 12 pack is the perfect size and lasts a very long time . Once again , Amazon comes through for me when I need something that is difficult to find elsewhere !
 I really like these notepads . They are just the perfect size for recording memos such as grocery lists or any other lists . They are completely plain white and the amount you get for the price is also great .
 Our G'son loves to draw and write , but was discarding the 8 / 12 by 11 sheets of computer paper after a few lines -- so we thought smaller paper would fit the bill , and it has perfectly !
 I looked all over Denver trying to find these and could n't . Jumped on Amazon , $ 5.99 and two days later I had them . Perfect for what I use them for .
 Whenever I buy a notepad and the paper runs out I can never find the right size refills . Finally I found these and they fit just right . They are useful by themselves also . A good size .
 I usually carry these 30-40 sheets at a time in my shirt pocket for taking notes around a site . These hold together well even after I rip of a section since the sticking stuff tears easily and cleanly . I would recommend for taking simple hand notes .
 I 'm constantly looking for something to write notes down on . I 'm still a pen and pad kind of guy . I 've always got some of these on me . The real love I have for these is for mind mapping and outlining . A pad of these and a cork board helps me effectively develop ideas . If you 're still a tactile kind of person like myself - get 'em .
 The memo pads arrived quickly and in excellent condition . I have found that almost all note pads have thin paper . I was hoping that these had heavy weight paper -LRB- say 20 lb + -RRB- . The pads are very good and as advertised but just not what I was hoping for .
 I just could n't find anything on my desk , until I bought this desk organizer . cleared so much room for me and my papers . I just did n't like the color that did not match the picture but . . because it changed my life I let it go.Oh and ... one piece was missing . . the support for one of the drawer but . . minor ...
 I have a Silhouette Cutting Machine and I use these labels to print and cut out cute shaped labels for all the organizational containers in my house . Great , as usual with Avery .
 Allows me to make labels that are not available elsewhere . Good product , however due to large size of each sheet , there can be wrinkles in a sheet . Recommended .
 The Toshiba FT8809 cordless phone is an excellent phone to buy when you are looking for a cordless phone with Caller ID . I also have another cordless phone , but it does not have Caller ID and is still working pretty good . I just wanted to have caller ID in the palm of my hand . With my old cordless phone I would always end up leaving the phone somewhere where I could not find it , so the feature on the Toshiba Cordless phone that enables you to locate/page your phone when you do n't know where it is is a good feature to have . For you people who always seem to misplace things get this phone you wo n't ever have to worry about losing it in your home . And programming and/or saving numbers in this phone is very easy to do and not at all that complicated . Personally I did not have to look at the instructions . It is pretty much easier to program than a digital cell phone , although it works like a digital cell phone . The only thing I wish it had is a little red light that blinks repeatedly after new callers have called and you did not answer the phone or were not at home . You have to press the CID button -LRB- Caller ID -RRB- in order to see who called lately , it will say NEW CALLS :1 or so . But overall it is an excellent buy .
 A nice little phone that meets all my needs . Clarity is much better than previous cordless .
 A very nice little phone . Only problem is that we ca n't get the Caller ID to work . We have tried everything .
 The Toshiba FT8809 cordless phone is an excellent phone to buy when you are looking for a cordless phone with Caller ID . I also have another cordless phone , but it does not have Caller ID and is still working pretty good . I just wanted to have caller ID in the palm of my hand . With my old cordless phone I would always end up leaving the phone somewhere where I could not find it , so the feature on the Toshiba Cordless phone that enables you to locate/page your phone when you do n't know where it is is good feature to have . For you people who always seem to misplace things get this phone you wo n't ever have to worry about losing it in your home . And programming and/or saving numbers in this phone is very easy to do and not at all that complicated . Personally I did not have to look at the instructions . It is pretty much easier to program than a digital cell phone , although it works like a digital cell phone . The only thing I wish it had is a little red light that blinks repeatedly after new callers have called and you did not answer the phone or were not at home . You have to press the CID button -LRB- Caller ID -RRB- in order to see who called lately , it will say NEW CALLS :1 or so . But overall it is an excellent buy .
 Easy to use . I have n't had to use the user 's manual once . Great system . Perfect for my business .
 I 've used these decals to create small artwork for the sides of my truck . The truck is white , so I just leave white areas transparent -LRB- printers wo n't print white -RRB- . Even though they say Ink Jet they 've worked ok in my laser printer . As has been said , they stick on well -LRB- I 've never had one come off -RRB- , but they 're easy to remove and leave no adhesive . I expect they would work even better on glass . The ink is n't fully waterproof , so I 've been coating them with a clear acrylic lacquer after printing the images . I got these at Staples in Canada , they do n't seem to be available any more in the US , and I 'm not sure if they will continue to be available here . Too bad .
 No issue with seller . It should be noted that one will not be able to print a vivid picture on the cling . If one wants that , it 's best to print the graphic one a piece of thin white paper and somehow stick that paper on the non-sticky end of the sheet for placement on one 's surface .
 I wanted someway to transfer parking stickers from vehicle to vehicle without mutilating the sticker and still allowing it to stick in the new vehicle . My first thought was to use glass stickers -LRB- but I could n't find any anywhere -RRB- . These saved me from having to buy a separate sticker for each car . One positive note I did n't even think about was removing the sticker when I was done with it . The instructions that came with the parking sticker says `` They 're not responsible for damage to your car '' and provides some best tips for removing . Using this product I have no problem removing them.I 'm sure if I ever use them to print a window decal they will also serve wonderfully .
 The price is good for these features . The sound is clear . The set-up is easy . The answer machine is fine . The distance is far enough . bad point
 We bought this one as a gift . It is nice to have these features . The distance is good enough . The sound is clear . The set-up is easy . bad point
 Back in the late 80 's , this was Casio 's top-of-the-line calculator.Since then , Casio has gone on to pursue higher margin calculators , with more and more features , meanwhile they keep stamping these guys out under various brand names.However , cramming these features onto your calculator will more than likely do you more harm harm than good , especially as most college classes and textbooks are not geared towards programmable calculators , so many people actually -LRB- myself included -RRB- prefer the simplicity of the calculators of this era in order just to focus on the problem at hand.This model uses 2xAA batteries -LRB- very easy to get -RRB- and should last you basically forever.Unlike solar powered calculators , this one will give you the answer to the toughest problems , like 69 ! -LRB- factorial -RRB- absolutely instantly . That slight delay can can cause you to lose focus more than you realize -- until you do n't have it.By the way , V.P.A.M. stands for Visually Perfect Algebraic Method.For some reason , I have always preferred the layout of this calculator to that of similar TI models , although that is a matter of taste .
 Franklin Planner Software
 The software requires a little effort to set up but the PALM V is awesome and powerful enough for most ! I am a Builder and the Palm V helps me keep track of the hundreds of contacts I deal with and also and most important all my scheduled completion dates !
 I like this product very much ... It let me feels like i am at home with my desktop . . Only problem is , memory not expandable for future upgrade
 I deal with so many different meetings and such that this is the product that has made all the difference
 At first I thought it would be too hard to get used to it , but after 3 or 4 days using it I really took advantage from the Palm V.
 Good envelopes for a good price . These are legal sized envelopes and are not-transparent and are made of a good thick paper . Not much really to say about these envelopes other than they work as intended .
 There does not seem to be a great deal one can say about a plain white envelope . They arrived in perfect condition , look good and do their job ; what more can one say about a plain white envelope?The box they came in is sturdy enough to withstand the rigors of storage and should protect the unused envelopes until they are used . Moisture must be applied for sealing but there are many simple ways to deal with that ; I do n't see that as a problem.I think they represent a good value and will probably order them again when we run out .
 I do a lot of mailing for others and the price and quality just cant be better.Universal UNV35210 # 10 4-1/8 x9-1 / 2 500/Bx Plain White Envelopes
 Lots of envelopes ! I bought a box of them in June or July 2012 and I still have more than 100 left . They do exactly what they 're supposed to do , and I have n't experienced any negative issues with them yet .
 Found these envelopes on Amazon and they were a great price for business envelopes . They are regular envelopes and fit our needs perfectly . We go though a lot in our business and these help cut some costs . We will continue to buy .
 High quality envelopes stay sealed with no problem . Thick sturdy paper . Would highly recommend for business use . They 're not quite privacy envelopes so I would not recommend sending checks in them alone .
 Excellent for everyday use and just the right price . These are the perfect envelope for ordinary usage . Nothing fancy and no fancy pricing either .
 i cant believe i got so many envelopes for such a low price . great envelopes for saving money . i use them to send checks to my clients . they work just as they should .
 Heavy paper envelopes were a great value . Will definitely buy again when I run low . I wish these had been security envelopes though . -LRB- They were NOT advertized as such . -RRB-
 Not much to say here . The price is right and the envelopes work `` as advertised '' . No troubles , just a good bulk purchase .
 What can you say about something as ordinary as an envelope . It holds my letters and I 've received no complaints from anyone I 've mailed to using these .
 I 've made two separate purchases on the Columbian envelopes - never disappointed . For the price - you ca n't go wrong .
 These envelopes are / heavy / . They 're not like the flimsy sort you usually get in bulk packages . They are also quite sturdy enough to swim through the laser printer and get the address info on them . I 'll be buying a new set when they run out .
 Good weight , color -LRB- white -RRB- , and construction . These are good quality envelopes . If and when I run out of my current supply , I would be likely to order them again .
 These envelopes are as sturdy as they come , and I still have hundreds left ! These are definitely of superior quality , great buy .
 I had bought the same type of spring lock label holders some 20 years ago , and I ran out and so I was so pleased that I found them at Amazon . I will be buying more . Thanks for working with this Phils Stationery store , they are great and NO one sells them in office supply stores .
 My parents are both in their 80 's and both are victims of strokes . It is inconceivable that they could communicate with the grandkids via webcam because they simply can not use a computer and telephone does not allow me to visually ` check up on them ' . Enter ` The Ojo ' as we have come to affectionately call it . My Mom who has significant diminished mental abilities from her stroke to our surprise learned on her own to call us with their ojo -LRB- press two buttons and that 's it -RRB- ! In fact , it 's easier to use in my opinion than a standard telephone ... even my -LSB- ... -RSB- calls Pappy and Grand-ma on her own . Seems like setting it up is the biggest fear -LRB- all of my family and even cousins now have ojo 's -RRB- because it is ` new fangeled ' but the customer support that I received is second to none ; they really love their product . I 've not heard anything negative from my family either about set-up or service . I think it took about 20 minutes from opening the box to total set up . If you have family/friends in far away places , it 's really a no brainer ... these things are the future . Also , when I purchased ours , I did search the internet for competitors but found ojo to be the best design and easiest to use . It 's been sometime since then so I do n't know what 's on the market now but have no incentive to look around as we are completely satisfied . The ability to leave or receive a video message just like a voice mail is also really neat . Imagine coming home and SEEING your grand kids sing happy birthday to you ! Priceless !
 I have been so excited and amazed by this product that I have spent the last several days dragging friends and neighbors into my office to see this wonderful phone in operation . I am buying two more , one for home & another for my Eastern Shore office.I wish I had bought this phone earlier . My Mom would have loved it . I live in Maryland and Mom lived in NC with Daddy until she died in August -LRB- after 49 years together . -RRB- I found out about the Ojo and bought two of them . Now I can see Daddy several times every day and he is very comfortable with using the Ojo . It is almost as though I am in the room with him . It has given me so much peace of mind , that I ca n't say enough good things about this product . Worldgate has an incredible staff of helpful people that have spent time to help us get the phones set up . I find it very impressive that if I call for help or with a question , I reach an actual person and I do n't have to spend forever on hold . Whenever I call I get an answer ! I do not know how this company sells the Ojo for such a low price , and the service plan costs almost nothing -LRB- especially when I compare it to the ridiculous price that I pay for monthly service on my Motorola Q cell phone . -RRB- I did n't realize this product was on the market or I would have bought it years ago . I think that it will be great for my business . I am a lawyer with offices 115 miles apart . Now clients coming into either office can actually see me.I ca n't imagine anyone not wanting an Ojo , or maybe two or three . So if you are reading this review and trying to decide whether to buy one or not , just buy it . You will love it , and your friends and neighbors will ooh and ahh over it , which alone makes the purchase worthwhile.Bernice Latou
 These envelopes are just fine . Good paper stock . The main choice is one window versus two . You pay more for two windows . To avoid having to write down the return address , I use this high-quality return address stamp
 Envelopes work just fine . They are a little lighter in weight but that does not seem to effect the quality and performance through the US Postal snail mail .
 exactly what the ad says & in great / NIB conditonwill buy again when neededhope this helps you
 Great product & awesome price . Amazon is my go to for office supplies ... always cheaper than other big box chain stores
 The envelopes are serviceable and do the job I bought them for . And the price is great , $ 10 less than Office Depot ; Office Max was even more expensive .
 These are good envelopes that I use to send out bills . Nothing fancy , and with Amazon Prime , I get them in 2 days . I 'm not sure what else to say ... . they work , and they stay sealed .
 What 's to say about an envelope ? It 's just as you would expect . Ordering from Amazon saves a trip to the office supply 25 miles away .
 I was up at my cousins house and she had one so I thought i would check it out . It 's really a cool phone . When you open it , it looks like the inside of spongbob ! You listen thru his brain and talk thru his pants . The numbers are on the back along with the on button -LRB- which I found was odd that you had to turn it on with a button . -RRB- He has feet and arms so he can sit or stand . I give this item a 4 star !
 Good phone , just did not realize it was a real phone , I thougt it was a play phone.Thank you though ... very neat phone .
 this is an great phone for a kid 7-14 . it is a flip phone shaped ljike spongebob . the onle weaird this is that there is an on of switch .
 Its a cool phone but the picture needs to show more detail and tell more about it . I didnt want to get it because i didnt even know where i would punch in the phone number so either tell more about it in the description or show more in the picture !
 I like them so well that I want them for all my files . This set was for one that I use several times daily and the tabs were dog eared . Sturdy , easy to grab and extract or file . Exactly what I was looking for .
 I used these labels for addressing wedding invitations . I botched a couple , which cost me a couple envelopes as well . Once I got the hang of it - aligning and laying down the left edge of the label , then gently across the envelope -- they were a life saver.I used a large and beautiful font and saved hours in not self addressing each envelope .
 Avery seems to have cornered the market on labels , but they are also pricey . Amazon was offering these labels at a smokin ' good price , so I went ahead and purchased them . I 've never been disappointed with Avery labels and I will probably only purchase clear ones like this from now on . Clear labels look fantastic on almost any kind of paper .
 It 's exactly what I needed . Very good product . I have used for some years and am very satisfied.I love it .
 I bought these to make clear labels for shopping bags that we use to deliver small events and meeting related items to our clients events . In particular we use it to deliver videos and name badges . They look nice and we 're able to have a branded bag at a low cost . To have bags pre-printed is more expensive .
 We bought these as return address labels for our wedding invitations.They are labels . They work . The ink does n't rub off . Not the most exciting product in the world but it works !
 I use these envelopes to ship DVDs and CDs to my customers . They are sturdy and the size is very accommodating .
 I use these mailers to ship stamp sets and they are the perfect size and shape . They hold up very well and I have not had any issues with tearing or such .
 Reasonable price . Very durable -LRB- I use it daily for lecturing -RRB- . Runs on linux without any driver issues , etc. . But ... this model is the model which lacks the built-in laser pointer . I also have the -LRB- nearly identical looking -RRB- model with the laser pointer , which I prefer for convenience 's sake .
 You expect Avery products to be outstanding and this is no exception . I have generally used their Avery 's Laser cards and was reluctant to use the InkJet cards because of previous problems with a competitor 's product , specifically , a film coating and poor seperation of the cards . Neither was a problem with the Avery cards!I now have color cards , print quality is great even with photograpic images . Seperating the card is quick , easy and the result is outstanding if not perfect .
 These worked out very well for me when I decided to create personalized business cards . The paper is stiff like what business card should feel like -LRB- unlike some card stock at Michael 's craft store that I tried using -RRB- , a concern I had before purchasing this Avery product . The Ivory color is very subtle , something hard to detect without comparing a bright white piece of paper next to it . And the printing results from my Canon Inkjet printer on high quality setting were outstanding -LRB- no bleed through showing on the other side of the card -RRB- . When punching out the cards , it was quick and easy -LRB- directions are printed on the unused border of the paper for your convenience -RRB- by just folding inwards along each edge of the card . I understand a little how they accomplished such clean edges , which I can explain later on . But I was pleased with the end result - clean edges with no fray strands and all the cards were perfectly the same shape . One caveat with this type of clean edge solution is that you must use a printer that `` feeds '' in paper from the rear tray . Most printer have the front loading tray -LRB- or both -RRB- but loading from the front will bend the Avery paper in a `` U '' shape , causing your cards to bend and mostl likely the clean edges to `` punch out '' inadvertently inside your printer . I highly recommend loading only from the rear tray -LRB- or top loader -RRB- since its mostly a pass-through design.I designed my business cards with the help of Avery 's online tool at avery , com -LSB- slash -RSB- templates . For this product you can enter 8876 to get a template that you can customize online -LRB- even save it to their website after registering -RRB- and download the finished design as a pdf file for you to print it at home directly on these sheets . I know MS Word 2010 also has built-in templates just for Avery products -LRB- and so does MS Publisher 2010 -RRB- , but the online tool was easy and robust for my needs . Avery has a FREE downloaded program that you can also use , and downloadable templates for other products such as Adobe Photoshop . If you ca n't find a 8876 template , 8871 is the same size and will work too.Hope all this info helps . I had a good experience with this product and will probably choose this solution over other options -LRB- I was considering online orders from Shutterfly , com -RRB- . Just be careful how it is loaded into your printer and it should be successful . . PS . As opposed to the micro-perforated version , this one has actual `` cut lines '' across all the edges of the business cards to create the clean edge . I say in quotations because the cut does n't actually go all the way through the thickness of the paper . The `` cut '' is entered from one side , and is just enough that you can `` snap/break '' the cut similar to breaking a graham cracker in half . Only thing is that it can only snap/break from one side , but it works perfectly .
 Great product . super flashes shipping got it to my door in no time at all . If you need to print two sided biz cards and have a good printer , this is the product for you.would recommend .
 I like these because my Print Shop accepts them and because on can write on both sides . Buy it if you want classy cards
 These work great as other reviewers have mentioned for small quantities . Plus I love that I can change up my design every time I run another batch.An idea for you - I also bought the magnetic ink jet 8.5 x 11 paper and print this same design on that and carefully cut out the magnetic cards
 These business cards are use to use , and you can customize your cards any way you want . It 's good if you have a small amount of cards to make .
 I did n't know printing your own business cards could look so professional . I wanted to use the same colors on my business cards as my Web site . I also wanted to experiment with the design . The Avery 8876 Clean Edge business cards allowed me to do both , affordably . The color looks great . The edges are clean , very clean . I love the Ivory color as it is similar to the background color on my Web site . I am very happy with this product and recommend it highly .
 THIS IS THE CHEAPEST I COULD FIND ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE AMAZON PRIME AND DONT PAY SHIPPING . BEATS ALL OTHER INTERNET HOUSES IN PRICE .
 I use this size envelope to store my bills , record , etc. . I did not expect the quality to be good because of the price . The price was five dollars cheaper than anywhere else AND FREE SHIPPING . I was pleasantly surprise at the quality of these envelopes . They are as good as other envelopes that I have bought at Staples , etc.In the future I will buy my envelopes from Amazon.com .
 I compared prices to a similar product -LRB- except it contained multiple colors in the pack -RRB- at my local Sam 's club and this was just a little more expensive , but all I wanted was a single orange color . I use this paper when I practice shooting because the neon colors show holes in the paper really well .
 This paper worked well for the Halloween party invitations I created . It was a little thin , but that was the only real problem . Also , the packaging was poor , but I do n't think that should reflect negatively on the quality of the actual product .
 I owned my Sheaffer Pen for over five years now . Finding a refill was a relief . Once I replaced the old with the new , it was a great feeling . I highly recommend buying one if your Sheaffer pen runs low or out .
 Looked all over locally for Sheaffer K refills.Thank goodness for Amazon.These are a perfect fit for the fat body stainless pen I bought 10 years ago and still use.Maybe the two refills we ordered will get us thru another 20 years!Who knows : -RRB-
 I am very pleased with my Sheaffer K ballpoint pen refill . I worked fine with an old Sheaffer pen , and I could n't find refills loaclly .
 one of our better buys , we 'd do it again if the opportunity presented itself ; we 're very satisfied with the product
 I purchased two of these refills , best price I found around . They came quickly , but I did wonder why they shipped one from one warehouse , and one from another , but all in all - i 'd purchase this item again .
 The price was right and the delivery was timely ... but what was most important is that this was the only place I could find the refill I needed for my pen ... I would recommend them highly .
 They will be a gift so I am not going to open them to try them . I 'll just have to assume they work as well as the original refil .
 This is the second review I have written . I still have not received my order made April 14th , not even a note back . My credit card has been charged , but no product . I will never order again from Amazon.com or discountofficesupply , and I will tell everyone I know not to .
 Columbian Tyvek First Class Mail envelopeCost less then the same item in Staples and is just as good .
 You just can not trust the quality of store brand items for sale at the office supply stores . These high-quality envelopes are just right for mailing taxes and important items . The sticky flap is very good too .
 Great price . Much cheaper than retail . Would definitely purchase again . Saved over 50 % off retail price and got them right away .
 This was a great deal and a great price compared to the local big box office supply store . I would buy again .
 Stepping up my landline service to include the `` call-waiting caller id '' capability meant replacing my Northwestern Bell wallphone , which had served well for 3 years . This GE model was inexpensive -LRB- $ 25 at a local store -RRB- , ergonomically designed , and full-featured . I 'm very pleased with it.Reading the instructions , nothing to do with the phone is difficult to manage , from installing the 4 AA batteries -LRB- just my luck the old phone used AAA for which I had a gazillion rechargeables ! -RRB- to using the caller id functions and storing numbers in memory.The phone is easily configured as a wallphone or a desk phone , with a reversable wedge-shaped pedestal making reading of the display simple . I 've had no trouble with the phone , and the handset volume and sound quality has been excellent . To date , I have not tried the speaker phone , but neither have I had any trouble with it `` automagically '' turning on , as mentioned in a previous review.Pros
 The phone functions very well , but the handset is too rounded and tapered , and worst of all is made of plastic which is far too smooth , so gripping the handset is somewhat bothersome . Also , adding a shoulder rest is absolutely necessary in order to rest it on your shoulder instead of holding it in your hand .
 The things I like are the speaker part hands free I have it on my computer desk so I can be talking to some one while typing , and no power cord use 's 4 aa batteries.things I do n't like are not enough stored numbers and no back lite on caller ID ` but is easy to read other wise.Good phone fo the money would buy again .
 I was having trouble finding a phone to meet my needs that would replace one that was dying . This simple phone fits the bill almost perfectly . It does what it says it will do - no more , but no less . The speaker is not the best , and I do n't think I would use it for actual conversation , but it is fine for listening to my voicemail , which is what I wanted . The only thing that disappoints me about this phone is that there is no light on the caller ID screen . I have to turn on a nearby lamp when the phone rings to see who is calling . Otherwise , it 's a nice basic corded phone .
 I am pleased with this phone , though I have yet to explore any of it 's features . It seems well made , but I have n't had it long enough to be able to have a sense of it 's long-term value . I was a bit peeved that I had to purchase an ultra-short cord from Radio Shack in order to use the phone as a wall phone . But that 's a minor issue .
 GE 29385GE1 Corded Phone with Speakerphone and Call Waiting Caller IDPhone works very well . We live in a very open and windy area and no-corded phones sparkle and crackle a lot . Volume controls could go a little higher but still a good caller-id speaker phone . I 've spent more on other phones that did n't work near as well with my hearing aids .
 I was very pleased with the GE29385GE1 telephone purchased through Amazon . Its description was more than adequate to determine if it suited my specific needs , and the speeed with which it arrived resolved problems we had with immediacy.Herb Skelly
 I had to play a few games with bending them to fit my trays . They also wanted to point in somewhat different directions . In actual use , though , I 'm sure I wo n't notice . They do hold the trays up .
 Useful tool to create stackable storage on our space-constrained desk . I only wish it came in colors to match the desk trays .
 to make a tight snug fit , and also putting them in the corners as opposed to the middle of the box helps stability . The top box can easily be removed , which is actually ok .
 I still feel the price & shipping costs were a little high but other than that , it was a solid transaction
 Wow ! Amazon works beautifully , even for Office Supplies ... just like I had walked down the street to a higher charging local store ! M. Murray
 Exactly what I needed to mail legal-sized reports . They are durable , very affordable , and consistent in quality . Quick delivery and packaged well .
 I have a hard time finding this size envelop locally , so I randomly ordered these off of Amazon . Fortunately these have work perfectly . The clasp is solid , the glue has n't flaked off or poisoned me , and the envelopes do not fall apart in transit . What more could you ask out of a humble envelop ? The price is right , too .
 I have looked Hi and Lo and you had it ! Will keep you on my mind when I run out again !
 This Printer paper is amazing . The quality and the size are perfect for invitations and postcards . I heartily endorse them .
 It is a high quality product . the photos come out really good and I recomend it to everone.it rocks.good photo paper .
 I bought this ink/paper pack because it was displayed on the same page as the Sony DPP-F700 photo printer with the title `` Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought '' displayed over it . I assumed it was the correct ink/paper for that printer . Well , we all know what assuming does , so I had to return it . If you are looking for supplies for the Sony DPP-F700 the correct ink/paper is SVM-F120P . I gave this item 4 stars only because Amazon.com wo n't let me post this without rating the item . As it has the wrong size ribbon for my printer , I never actually used it .
 For those of us who enjoy taking digital pictures and being able to print out copies from home on demand , the Sony picture Station will print your pictures indistinguishable from commercial printers . The Sony SVM-75LS ink and Paper pack are the supplies you need for your Sony Picture Station . The paper & Ink film are fast and simple to load - in seconds you 're ready to start printing quality photos . Simple , easy to use , it 's a good home photo printer .
 The photo are as good if not better then having them done have been using for years and hope i can continue to find supplies
 I got the shipment in time and the product in good condition , exactly what was advertised .
 I am very happy with the package of paper and ink , quality of photos is wonderful !
 This item arrived sooner than I expected ... and I was thrilled . I plan on ordering again ... SOON !!
 This product costs $ 42.00 in the stores , I get free shipping and the same product for $ 28.00 ! LOVE IT !
 Unable to purchase this at large chain stores , this is exactly what I needed for my Sony PictureStation . Good price , too .
 This Sony item is a cartridge that you simply load into your Sony Picture Station photo printer and it prints out a nice photo on postcard paper in fairly short order . You can actually write on the back and stick a stamp on it.Because everything is sealed up tight , you do n't have to worry about any light or moisture damage to the paper . And this double pack is definitely a good value .
 Love the picture quality ! Love a great deal on this paper and ink ! This is a great deal ! 40 cents a print and I do n't have to leave my house to burn gas dropping off and picking up prints . And a super plus , it 's delivered to me !
 This is just the thing for Christmas cards and the Sony Photo printer . Makes professional-looking personal cards within anyone 's grasp .
 I Have had the Sony DPP-EX50 photo printer for about 3 years now . It uses a dye sublimation process for printing the photos . I have been impressed with the results of the pictuers printed using this process when compared to that of an ink jet printer . For printed picture quality of photos dye sublimation can not be beat .
 I bought this from Amazon simply because it was a better deal and Amazon can be trusted.Sony SVM-75LS Ink and Paper Value Pack is a good choice over the 25LS because there are 3 times more paper and the price is relatively lower . I have been using this printer and paper pack from over 2 years . I find the combination satisfactory as far as having your own photo lab at home . You print the lab quality dye-sublimation printing at home which lasts years more compared to the inkjet printing .
 The three pack bundle is a great value and it is very very hard to find a better price than Amazon
 This paper is getting hard to find which is unfortunate because the print quality is extremely high . I like it so much that I prefer making prints at home with this paper as opposed to getting them printed somewhere or printing them on my regular printer .
 Getting Sony photo paper locally is impossible . The value pack was deliverer in a timely matter , and I am very satisfied . I will be ordering more .
 It 's what I expected . Typical high quality Sony product . I 'm probably wasting it to some extent because I am printing photos that I took with a cell phone . What I really need is a better camera . Would like to see a better -LRB- lower -RRB- price .
 The price was lower than I have ever paid before but would like to see it even lower . The quality and lasting brilliance ca n't be beat .
 The Sony ink and paper value pak has provided me with years of dependable quality and economical service . My family uses it to print pictures and even make our own personalized `` Post Cards '' .
 I have been using the Sony dye-sub printers for close to 8yrs and I think they are the best quality prints that you can get in about 90secs .
 I have been using the Sony printer paper for years . I also had an HP photo printer and while the pictures were nice , the ink dried up too quick . Using the Sony printer is far superior because the photo paper comes with a photo cartrige that you change with each pack of paper you open . Although I do not print a lot of pictures , the cartridges do not go bad sitting on my shelf and the print quality of the pictures is awesome . I have never had a picture fade with this system .
 This product is slightly outdated , but if you 're like me and you wo n't give up on your older photo printer , you 're in luck . I have had no problems with the cartridges or paper .
 Bought the Sony SVM ink and paper pack -LRB- 75 -RRB- and very happy with it . It 's hard to find them in stores now . The price was very reasonable .
 Since buying a sony cybershot , I 've a used a Sony printer to print out my pictures . They have always looked great . To replace the ink and paper , I looked around for a good price , and I found it at Amazon.com . The price was right and it arrived in less than a week .
 I purchased this package for my DPP-SV77 photo printer . The package includes 3 ink reels and the Sony branded postcard photo paper which the printer requires to print on . Both the ink and paper are of excellent quality . However , you are better off buying prints online or at your local drug store if cost is an issue .
 This photo paper is a great deal in the value pack and it was quick and easy to order it through Amazon . I plan to do it again when I need more paper .
 I love this product . I just hate it cost so much . I also wonder how long it will still be available . But you can make beautiful 4x6 photos with this product .
 The photo paper is excellent and much cheaper than other places . The service was great and quick .
 Love this product . Picture colors are great , fast printing , and the final coating which protects pics from smudging and fading is awesome .
 The picture quality is not that great ; but you do get what you pay for ...
 I RECOMEND THIS ITEM TO ANYONE . THE PICTURES COME OUT CLEAR . I HAVE PRINTED OUT 100 'S OF PICTURES AND NEVER HAD A BAD ONE . THE PRICE IS A LITTLE MORE THAN THE STORES , BUT I CAN PIC AND CHOSE THE ONE I WANT , AND WHEN I WANT WITHOUT WAITING OR DRIVING .
 great service , good price . I had used the paper before and it works great !
 This product is great for printing your own pictures . May be more expensive to print at home but the convenience is well worth the expense .
 Easy to use and produces high quality prints every time you use it . I really enjoy my Sony Printer DPP-EX7 and the value of the Ink and Paper Pack .
 The Sony multipak has those lovely postcard papers that actually survive mailing . This is tailor made for the Picture Station . Price is the best around .
 What else is there to say except fast delivery and the cheapest price around . Even cheaper than Ebay ...
 I have used the Sony ink and photo paper for over a year . It gives me great pictures . The best thing about buying the ink and paper at Amazon.com was the terrific price . My purchase arrived in a few days , sooner than I expected . I will purchase my ink and paper on line , again .
 This paper has finally dropped to a reasonable level.The postcard size prints and clear and crisp right out of the box with factory settings . Only a seasoned photographer would be interested in changing any settings.This printer has done me well over the years and I am still satisfied with it . Now that I have found affordable ink and paper I am more than satisfied .
 I had problems before just acquiring this kit . I ordered it here and got a quick delivery . All parts of the kit were in their original wrappers . I loaded my photo card printer and printed out a good quality photo . I will definitely order more supplies from this site .
 Sony gets a 4 star rating on this product . It would have earned a 5 star if I thought the bargain was a little better . The product itself is a 5 star . The quality of the photos are excellent and using the 4 x 6 inch prints in the Sony printer allows you to do all sorts of editing and even getting multiple prints on a sheet to make awesome postcards . The price is still a little high , even though you are buying a value pack . If Sony could get the price down to 50 cents a print , then it would be a true value . If you take lots of digital photos and want to print them out , this is the way to go .
 It is REALLY too bad that SONY discontinued this paper and ink . I have the printer and it still works great , but if I ca n't get the paper pack it is useless . I am sure that there are many people in this position . Great little work horse of a printer . . Really too bad .
 This product produces high quality , true-to-life color photos . It is very convenient to load the ink cartridge and paper into your printer and it only takes about a minute or so per print . The convenience ca n't be beat -LRB- versus taking the time to bring your memory card/stick or emailing the digital images you want to be developed to an outide processor . Keep in mind that while the Sony SVM-75LS Ink and Paper Value Pack represents a good value , it still is usually more expensive than using an outside vendor . If your interest is obtaining high quality prints in a fast , convenient manner at a good value than this product should definitely satisfy your need . Enjoy !
 It 's nice that at least Sony has this value pack -LRB- 75 prints -RRB- instead of having to buy the 25 packs . Print quality is as good as can be expected from a consumer dye-sub printer .
 The product arrived on time and as expected . The ribbins are getting expensive . May be better off using all-in-one printer to save costs .
 Quick service from the vendor . This product is not available at our local retailers . We appreciate the ability to buy it as well as the convenience of having it delivered to us .
 I 'm glad Amazon has this product because I could n't find them anywhere -LRB- here in Sacramento -RRB- . They 're cheaper and work perfectly , so do n't hesitate to order some . You might want to stock up in case Sony stops supporting this printer .
 For Dye Sublimation printer only . Nearly as good as processed pictures . Waterproof coating .
 If you 're looking for the sony pack for your printer , this is the place to get it ! I looked around everywhere for a better deal , and at the time could not find one . It may seem kind of costly , but in fact you 're actually getting 3 sets of printer paper and ink cartridges in this pack for about the price you 'd pay for 1 or 2 packs depending on where you got it from . Plus it shipped super fast ! Good quality product as well !
 Great product . Use it all the time . Hope it does n't get discontinued . It is very hard to buy at stores .
 I like the quality and convenience of this product . It was shipped in a very timely manner .
 This product was exactly the right size and what I needed for my Sony Picture Station . It is difficult to find in stores , I got a good price and free shipping delivered right to my door . Makes me very happy !
 This product was exactly as described and arrived in a timely manner . The price was reasonable . I will order from Amazon.com again when I need a refill .
 I received the product on time and everything was new and in excellent condition . For anyone with a Sony Picture Station Printer , I would highly reccomend Amazon as the place to shop for supplies .
 This is exactly what I was looking for to print more pictures with my Sony EX550 . A bit disappointed that any other paper gives an error message saying `` wrong paper '' but since this comes with 3 packs and ribbons it should hold me over for a while.Everything was as described , thank you .
 This paper is no longer available in a local retail store . So , it was great to find it on Amazon.com at a good price . This is the only paper that works with my Sony Picture Printer . The print quality is better than any Inkjet printer .
 I have a -LRB- what seems like -RRB- a rare Sony portable printer , but none the less , a fantastic product . I take it everywhere I take my camera for instant , top quality , and coating-protected pictures everytime . This pack is a great value , first because of it 's multi-pak discount , and the convenience of having the exact number of photo papers per ink and coating cartridge . It 's never failed yet . Whether you have anything good or bad to say about Sony , they have mastered the convenience of instant , quality , lifetitme-protected photographs . I have been happy with this product for over 10 years now .
 I feel that this is a great product , along with your great pricing . The quality and the lasting finish is superb ...
 this is a really good product for such a low price . I enjoy the convenience of printing my pictures in my own home and at my own leisure .
 Have ` nt been able to find locally in awhile , so it 's great to be able to purchase the Value Pak online and continue to use my sony photo printer .
 This product is so hard to find now , as Sony no longer manufactures the photo printer that this goes with . But I LOVE this product because it produces high-quality glossy photo prints that look professional . Easy all-in-one package means you get the toner cartridge and the paper . I 'm so glad amazon.com carries this product , because I have n't been able to find it anywhere else !
 I really wanted to give this three-stars , but ... The paper is okay but lacks the color saturation that I prefer . The price is much better than the boxes of 25-sheets . Bottom line
 The printer paper works great and the supplier did an excellent job on ordering and delivery . I have had the printer for several years . It seems the way electronic equipment drops in price with age . this product should have been way less money . The cost per picture is way more than much of the competition . jb
 Very much satisfied with item . Saved several $ compared to Sony Price . Would recommend to anyone , and will purchase again .
 It was fast and easy in ordering this product . And the return process was easy also . GREAT SERVICE AND PRODUCT .
 GOOD TRANSACTION NO PROBLEM JUST WHAT I NEEDED GOOD VALUE GREAT BUYREGARDS TONI
 This value pack is what I expected . The prints look great !
 The product was in manufacturer 's box , brand new and shipped to me right away.Highly reccomended
 This product is one of the best ones arround for the price . Amazon prices are better than Best Buy even when they have their sales . The picture paper and ink supplies are excellent and provide very good to excellent pictures .
 I received everything as expected and in a very timely manner . Very satisfied .
 This ink and paper value pack is a really good buy . I really do n't think you will be disappointed once you purchase this product . You will get 75 pieces of printing paper with this deal and that should be enough to show you how much of a great deal this is .
 THE VALUE PACK IS GREAT !!! BETTER PRICE THAN BUYING SEPERATLY AND FREE SHIPPING !!! THIS PRINTER PAPER WORKS GREAT NEVER HAD A PROBLEM .
 This is a really good deal ! The value pack features three cartridges and packs of photo paper . When the paper runs out , it is time for a new cartridge . Simple . Inexpensive . The mail does the legwork .
 My daughter made the first purchase of this item for my Sony photo printer as we were not able to purchase photo paper in any store locally . She passed on the info to me and I have since ordered myself . The pricing is good and your service and delivery has been excellent . The item # is SVM-75LS .
 What can I say , I ordered a 3 pack and got a 3 pack . Received order in only 2 days !
 The Sony SVM-75LS Ink and Paper Value Pack is a great product . I placed it in my sony printer and it worked great ! 5 stars !
 If you are keeping a private library these are perfect . The format is just like the ones I had in Elementary School .
 I ordered these for my wedding announcements and they are perfect ! These are great quality and they are exactly what I was looking for .
 I am a middle school Language Arts teacher , and one of my classroom stations is a Literary Terms & Devices Corner . These little folders are perfect for my laminated 3x5 flashcards to tuck right in to . I then attach these folders to the wall and students can easily pick and choose which sets of terms they want to study.Pros : - They look good on the wall , make organizing simple , and dress up my room a little.-Workmanship is certainly good enough for the price . The glue has held out all year without any signs of separating , despite heavy usage by the kids . Paper quality is noted below.Cons : - Paper stock seems the same as my older ones -LRB- which I can no longer find in production and are one by one ending their usefulness -RRB- , but they are starting to tear just a little at the mouth . The older ones last many years before `` death '' . Not a big deal , since these have lasted this year with just slight damage and many of them will likely make it through another full year as well . I only point it out because my nice old stock just holds out better.Overall
 These 10-inch by 13-inch Kraft clasp envelopes are fine -- they are just as advertised , well packaged , and a good value .
 Great deal on these refills . It was just as described . We are pleased and will order from them again . They were promptly delivered and are just what we were looking for .
 If you need ink and you do n't dare go to the Montblanc boutique for fear of loosing control and picking up just one more pen , you ca n't go wrong here . This is smooth , nearly indelible , ink at its best . Sometimes you get what you pay for and Montblanc ink is worth every cent .
 Mont Blanc , can I say more ? The ink from this pen really flows smoothly across the paper . It feels like the definition of luxury . This little rollerball refill will also fit nicely in some disposable pens -LRB- like the Pilot G2 -RRB- , so if you do n't have a nice Mont Blanc pen you can `` cheat '' a little .
 It 's a Mont Blanc pen refill ... not too much to get excited about aside from the fact that Amazon sells it much cheaper than Staples or Office Max . So far , the refill has performed well and has lasted over 1 month of routine use in my Mont Blanc.I docked a star since it seems to smear a little easier than the original insert that came with the Mont Blanc .
 If you adore your Mont Blanc then I 'm sure you are particular about the ink refills . I 've always used the medium point , however , after trying the fine I wo n't go back . Wish it came in different colors
 I LOVE these refills.I actually do n't own a mont blanc pen , but I put these refills into a Pilot G-2 . You just have to cut the spring in the bottom of the G-2 a little bit to get the refill to fit in completely . It 's great , I 'm writing just like someone with a $ 400 pen , but it only cost around $ 12 . The pen moves very smoothly across the paper . I bought 10 + types of pens over the last couple weeks and this is by far my favorite .
 The product was provided directly to my house and of the same quality and for the same price that i 'm used to in office supply locations . I paid a premium to receive the order overnight but that 's to be expected .
 Bought as refills for my Pilot G2 pen . With a small snip at the end fits perfect . Great quality ink . A bit pricy but in this case , you get what you pay for .
 Good price . Nice black refills . Capable of writing both right handed and left handed . Package opened very easily . Will write with them .
 Very good refills , price and delivery . Everything according to my expectations . Good quality , quantity and exactly as I need . I recommend it for replace purpose . My choice was a black refill and it is working well .
 For a number of reasons I like these cartridges . The ink flows like a water-based ink . No scratchy feeling with this stuff!If for some reason you get ink on your clothes this stuff washes out . That 's something to think about when on travel!I 've been on planes with these things and they do n't leak , even if they are stored in checked luggage .
 Item is as described and does what it is supposed to , however , paying over 8.00 for this is too much . I saw it 2.00 cheaper at my local Wal-Mart .
 Hello - If you have a Staples located near you , they are currently on sale for $ 3.00 -LRB- 3/23/10 -RRB- . I 'm not sure why they are selling here for $ 8 + because even without the sale , they do not cost that much . I love these types of post-its as I use it with my cross-stitching as an organizational tool for all of my colors and needles . I use them to not have to change needle thread everytime I need to but instead pick up another needle with the color I need . Extremely convenient and much more efficient ! I 'm sure that there are many uses for these little guys .
 I 'm in nursing school and use these ALL the time ; they are better than `` flags '' because they are paper & I can write on them which is imperative . The plastic flags are nice , but when you have so many pages marked , you have to look at each page , to know what the information is.These are good qulaity , they stick for a long long time , easy to write on and lots of colors . For each exam I use one color to help me organize.I really feel people should just rate the product , not the price , not the return policy , not the shipping costs ... just the product ; it is becomming a peeve of mine on Amazon .
 The best thing about this product is that it does its job well.There were several negative reviews on the price of this item . I hope those reviewers looked carefully at the item count to be sure they were comparing it to other prices for 500 count package . I have seen this kind of package at Staples with 125 count priced almost as much as this 500 count package . When I was at Staples , I bought their house brand , and I find it not as good as the Post-it brand for stick-to-itness , although they were nice for being transparent -LRB- but not as easy to write on -RRB- . I 'm delighted with the big packs , because I use them extensively for research writing . I only wish they would package them also in a single color . I can never come up with a way of dividing flagable topics into five categories so that I use colors at the same rate .
 Great little flags ; very small and durable ; cheaper than the more expensive specialty acetate markers and much easier to keep fewer items in stock and more flexible than the more specific labels .
 Good product , easy to use , great colors . Use these in our textbooks , cookbooks , personal books , studies , etc. . Good deal , will purchase again .
 these are your standard issue post it notes . They stick to paper and can help you find your place again .
 Thin strips , helps me keep track of what pages I need to look back on . Loved how there was so many , I 'll be using these nonstop ! Can also be used as a bookmark for your reading book .
 These are nice , but I wish they were a tad bit sturdier . If you put them in a bag , they just fold up and turn worthless .
 Tis product works really good after you get the right driver . The company Radian is no longer in the market . just look in the web the driver do you need .
 The product is great and works great after you get the right drivers . The phone is sold under the brand Radian , but the company is no longer in operations . The website listed in the manual and the box for support is not working , so you have to look for the drivers in the page of the original manufacturer .
 I have been using this phone for over a year now -LRB- actually , mine has a display which records the time spent during a given conversation . -RRB- I have been very satisfied with its overall performance . The sound is clear and the volume settings for both the handset and speakerphone work flawlessly . I definitely recommend it !
 I really like this phone . You can program a lot of numbers , and the speaker phone option is great . I like the bigger buttons . It also has the fax line input plug , so you can attach your fax to the phone directly .
 I like the many features and sound clarity of the phone . Many speed dial buttons , speaker phone volume , flash is smooth and quick , mute and redial lets me operate like a Pro.The quicker I can get in and out of a call the better I operate . I also have Panasonic cordless too , this also keeps me mobile , with a smooth transition if I have to move around .
 It 's so hard to find plain phones with a speakerphone these days , so look do n't waste your time . This one will do you just fine .
 7 HOURS OF TALK TIME AND 15 MINUTES RECORD TIME ! *** WHATS WITH ALL THE BAD REVIEWS ****** THERE MUST HAVE BEEN A BAD BATCH OF THEM ****** THIS UNIT HAS WORKED FINE WITH ALL THE FEATURES ****** TALKED TO MEMOREX -- THEY CONFIRM , PROBLEM HAS BEEN ILIMINATED WITH THIS MODEL *** The Memorex 900MHz MPH6929 cordless phone with digital answering system is simply the most functionalcordless phone you will ever use.The MPH6929 includes features such as AutoTalkTM and AutoStandbyTM making this phoneeasy and convenient to use.The AutoTalkTM feature allows you to answer a call just by removing the handset from the baseso no time is wasted pushing buttons or flipping switches.AutoStandbyTM allows you to hang up the phone by simply placing the handset back on the base.The UltraClear PlusTM true compander circuitry virtually eliminates background noise.40-channel auto scanning selects the channel with the least interference providing the best possible receptionduring use.Equipped with Random CodeTM digital security the MPH6929 will protect you from receiving misbilled callswhich may result from your phone being activated by other equipment.The AutoSecureTM feature electronically locks your phonewhen the handset is placed on the base.The answering system includes 15 minutes of recording time , a voice time/day stamp , an LED digit counter , and a memo-record function.FEATURES : ** -RRB- 900 MHz extended range technology ** -RRB- One way paging ** -RRB- Tone/Pulse dialing ** -RRB- 3-way conferencing ** -RRB- Flash and pause ** -RRB- Hearing aid compatible ** -RRB- 10 number memory dialing ** -RRB- Long life Ni-cad battery ** -RRB- 7 hour talk time ** -RRB- 15 minute record time ** -RRB- Voice time/day stamp ** -RRB- LED digit counter ** -RRB- Memo record function ** -RRB- Handset earpiece and ringer volume controlModel No
 Good product , ok shipping . Product works fine . Absolutely no issues . Recommended seller . Needed a replacement for an old phone that became unreliable . . This one filled the need quite well at a very reasonable price .
 The phone came in the same condition it was in when acquired by the vendor . The dirt from years of use was on it to prove it was n't new . It does work well and I am happy to have a replacement for my broken one . It took a while for the shipment to get here , I think pony express must have been the carrier . . But if I need another used matching phone I will be back.Big Jim Miller
 My parents in their 80 's used this phone with ease . My mom liked the caller id display so she could tell who was calling . She could also tell if the call was coming in on my dad 's line -LRB- she did not want to answer calls from all his golf partners -RRB- and hand the phone to him while it was still ringing.At first I thought it had a battery problem but when I replaced the battery , I learned it was because it had n't been fully charged before use . After that it was fine.It also has 3-way conference calling feature , but I do n't think they ever used that . A feature they did use was the locator . If one person wandered off with the phone and put it down , they could find it by using the locator on the base unit , which would make th handheld unit ring .
 I 've been searching for a couple of months now for a digital cordless phone with Caller ID on the phone that works well . This is the third manufacturer I 've tried , and I 'm very satisfied . The phone features and menus operate in a easy-to-use fashion , which I thought you do n't see much anymore . Including a second battery was very considerate of them . Making it easily accessible showed brilliance . Using it as a base unit power failure backup power supply was nothing short of genius . I am pleased , thrilled , and amazed . Great Phone !
 This is a really good phone for the price . The interface on how to actually use the features is a bit convoluted , but once you get the hang of it , it 's fine.There is some minor popping noises as you get farther from the base station , but I have found this to be the case with all 2.4 GHz phones.Finally , the caller ID is slightly delayed in showing up , compared to a desk based phone , but not horrible.Definitely worth the money .
 Do n't be misled by the `` stars '' rating - if you read the reviews , one person bought the wrong phone and now he 's mad . This phone has all the features I need and it does n't cost a fortune . The caller ID display is kinda small , so if you have bad eyesight you might want a different phone .
 I am not the least bit mechanical , so assembling this phone scared me . Now that I 've done it I feel like an idiot - it was a snap . The phone has excellent sound and I have n't experienced any static , snapping , or anything else . The sound is absolutely clear and it 's the same for people I 'm talking to . Be sure to follow the set-up directions and look at the pictures - I did n't notice that the phone goes into the cradle face up - important when charging the battery -LRB- there are two sent - good for Toshiba ! -RRB- I am extremely pleased .
 Just got it yesterday and I love it . Not as pretty as the Panasonic 2.4 ghz but it has all of the features I wanted -LRB- a redial button and call display -RRB- for a very reasonable price . And the range is great !
 I did a lot of research on 2.4 GHz phones before purchasing the SG1000BK . Only a few phones such as the SG1000BK are able to send and receive in 2.4 GHz . The Panasonic phones look nicer but they only receive in 2.4 GHz . The handset sends out in 900 MHz ! If phone line security is a top priority , and it should be , be sure the phone you consider both sends and receives in 2.4 GHz . I 've had the SG1000BK for several weeks now . It works flawlessly and I 'm glad I bought it .
 This phone has been working for over nearly 8 years now !!! It was my parents phone and then I took it to college . Definately worth the buy
 The Panasonic is slim , sturdy and solid , and its NiMH battery is superior to the old NiCads . Other perks is the voice mail light on the base indicating waiting voice mail if you subscribe to that phone service.If you do n't care about good user interface , I would say this is the best Gigahertz caller ID phone I 've seen or tried.The buttons are convoluted . The most often used on/off button is one of the smaller buttons . There is no redial or mute buttons . In fact , you have to access redial through the confusing menu.The button labels are also confusing , shown in different fonts , and sizes , it is easy to confuse one botton from the other . For example , the word `` OK '' is written right above the Exit/Ch button , and thus I found myself accidentally pressing Exit/Ch when I meant to push OK . Same goes for the `` Back '' label right next to the `` Function/Edit '' button.To point out the ultimate stupidity , there is a button reserved exclusively for Pause , even though you would only use this button 5 % of the time while inserting pause characters into a programmed number . Why this could n't be a redial button or something more often used is beyond me.Speaking of directory , did you know you ca n't program the numbers to speed dial ? So you ca n't put Grandma on # 4 . Granted , you can enter Grandma 's name and number into the directory , and accesses it by pressing `` Function/Edit '' , down-arrow to Directory , Right-arrow , and then scroll down through your number list , find Grandma , and finally hit the little tiny `` on/off '' button to dial.To Panasonic 's credit , the voice mail button is very nice . One press and it dials.You can turn off the ringer , but you have to access the menu options again , and while hitting down-arrow to lower the ring volume , you must remember to HOLD DOWN the down-arrow for the special case of turning the volume off . Until I read the manual , I was repeatedly hitting down-arrow wondering why I could n't turn off the ringer.I think the Uniden EXR 2460 has a much more intuitive user interface . Sadly the Uniden lacks the voice mail light , only stores 10 numbers instead of 15 , and uses the old NiCad battery . On the plus side , it has a spare battery charger as part of the base which doubles as backup power in case of an outage . The Uniden is a little more boxy , but intuitive user interface is more important to me .
 I own this phone and have found it to be the best cordless phone I have ever owned . The reception is great , the range is incredible , and the features are very helpful . I love the voice message waiting alert , and the one touch voice mail access button is nice . And the last thing , the battery ... this phone has the most accurate on screen battery display i have seen yet and it lasts for hours .
 I own this phone and have found it to be the best cordless phone I have ever owned . The reception is great , the range is incredible , and the features are very helpful . I love the voice message waiting alert , and the one touch voice mail access button is nice . And the last thing , the battery ... this phone has the most accurate on screen battery display i have seen yet and it lasts for hours .
 I have had the phone for about a month now and it has worked fine so far . It has great range -LRB- I have went up the street and to my neighbors house and still recieved calls -RRB- . It only has one little problem of a slight ring/reverb when you talk coming out of the speaker after you have been using the phone for 5 or 10 minutes , this can get annoying sometimes.My only complaint about the phone is that it has no Mute or hold button . With all of the other features this phone has , I do n't know why this was not included .
 A few days ago , my Vtech model 1901 900 Mhz Spread Spectrum phone blew its circuits after over 4 years of use . I had heard much about the new 2.4 GHz cordless models , so I decided to do some research on the various models available . First of all , some of the previous reviews above are NOT about this model . The KX-TG2560 does NOT have answering machine capabilities . It is , as is stated on the header , a dual keypad 2.4 GHz cordless Caller-Id telephone that just happens to have speakerphone/intercom capabilities built in . Thus the reason why my opinion differs from some previous reviews.Pros . EXCELLENT range . It blows away a friend 's 2.4 GHz Vtech model in range ... as well as the range on my old Vtech 900 MHz phone , when it was new ! It reaches through my third-story apartment walls and ENTIRELY through two other three Story apartment buildings in the complex where I live . . to provide very clear , dropout free communications all the way from our swimming pool area . This phone is loaded with features and is built VERY solidly . I especially like the ability to auto dial from the Caller-Id list ! Yes , there is a slight amount of soft static in certain positions around the pool , but NO DROPOUTS as I experienced trying my firend 's new Vtech 2.4 GHz phone from my apartment ... at half the distance!Cons
 The point of buying a Panasonic item , especially a telephony-related item , is to expect and get reliable day-to-day service -LRB- but only ONCE you get it setup , which can be quite a hurdle -RRB- . This phone is typically Panasonic in that it is built quite SOLID and carries on with the rubberized grip idea which extends to their new ruggedized cellphone and also a line of laptops ! It operates without a hitch and is good looking to boot.Range was not a problem for me although I live in a very densely populated area , you have to watch where you place the base unit , ca n't have metallic or concrete obstacles.On the minus side , the setup instructions are also typically Panasonic as well -LRB- sometimes ambiguous and disorganized , but that is expected -RRB- . They 're alone among most other manufacturers with this ` gadgety ' philosophy -LRB- in contrast with mfr 's like SONY -RRB- and have been that way with their telephony products for the last fifteen years -- take it any way you like.I have at least a couple of other friends using this product since it came out and they report no problems whatsoever . The transmit/receive circuitry is supposedly pretty cutting edge , a lot of other manufacturers skimp on this area . I am sold on Panasonic cordless phones -- they are bulletproof , even the cheap ones . And yes , I 've tried them all.Also this is the first time I 've paid $ 200 for a phone/answerer and I do n't regret it . In LA this phone was so popular initially that I had a hard time finding it . One word of advice , DO NOT get the rubber fascia or grips soaked in anything other than water . I tried cleaning it with Formula 409 and the rubber surface melted a bit and messed up the smooth plastic around it .
 I think that this phone is underrated in its reviews on amazon . I think that people expect to much from phones in the present day . This phone actually works just as good as any phone and would be a good buy .
 I have owned a Panasonic Gigarange phone -LRB- the KX-TG2500S -RRB- for about 6 months and a 900MHz Panasonic cordless for about 2 years before buying this one . While I love all the additional features , the LCD screen , and the answering machine , this phone has some problems I did n't experience with my older one.It has happened only twice , but the phone has given out with the `` No Signal '' warning , even if I was standing right next to the base . Also , the LCD menu system is extremely counter-intuitive and difficult to navigate at first.However , this phone does have some redeeming features . The answering machine is very good and easy to use - it is almost a completely seperate entity from the phone itself . I like the auto voicemail button on the handset to dial automatically to an external voicemail service -LRB- or any number you assign the button -RRB- . Nearly all of the time , it works with amazing clarity and with great distance.This phone is built well and very stylish . However , the bugs that the phone inherently has and the high price should make some people a little cautious . If you like the style , I 'd say go for it . Otherwise , a 900 MHz Panasonic phone would be a better bet .
 I have had this phone for a number of years now and it has worked well . Sound quality from handset and speaker is good . Battery life it good . Overall ergonomics are comfortable . The phone was the right fit for me as I use voice mail and not really an answering machine .
 I have owned alot of crummy phones . So the first thing I did when I got this phone charged up was walk around the perimeter of our 2-acre lot while having a conversation . No static , crackle , noise , or crosstalk of any kind.The handset has a very hefty , solid design , and the backlit buttons are great.We love the phone so much that my wife bought another for her home office , and uses it with a headset.My father-in-law and brother-in-law love it so much , they are each buying one.Definitely worth the money ... it makes more sense to pay for a great phone , then to pay less for several unsatisfactory phones .
 I now have voice mail , caller ID and call waiting with one of those `` total solution '' plans from the phone company . This phone handles all three of those services wonderfully ! It has an indicator on it -LRB- even though it 's not an answering machine -RRB- that you have voice mail messages , as well as a special button to push to access the voice mail system . It has a lighted caller ID display that also works with call waiting -LRB- when you 're on another call , it beeps and shows the ID of the incoming call -RRB- . The base also has a speaker phone , so you can stay on hold without using your hands . And the Panasonic cordless technology is the best , worth paying a little extra for .
 I 've read the two prior reviews for this product and decided to write this review simply to let folks know that I 've had this product for about 6 months now and it works beautifully . I enjoy the caller ID functionality , the capacity to store 50 speed dials , the instant voice mail access , and the quick charge . I agree with the editorial review that the product works best around 60 feet from the docking station but that works just fine for me in my house . I 've dropped the phone pretty regularly and it is quite durable as well . In my book , it 's a good phone at a good price and I 'd buy it again .
 I really love this phone . I 've had it for a few years and have never had any problems with it . No lost calls , no charging problems , nothing . This phone works great .
 I ordered this phone for an elderly relative who needed a full feature phone that was easy to operate . This particular model has buttons large enough and separated enough to be perfect for the older woman who would be using it most . Also , volume control was a must , and this phone has an easy to operate set of volume up/volume down buttons . I would buy this model again , and I recommend it for anyone who needs a good quality wired phone at a reasonable price .
 These are functional , sized the way described and carry mail inside , lol , they do what is advertised and arrived in decent time .5 stars .
 The price was right . The envelopes are clean , sturdy and well put together . Really nothing not to like about this product . Great for my mailing needs .
 They hold things that fit in them . Neato guys , yea !!!! Paper + glue = envelope . I love envelope ... yay envelope
 Buy these if they are what you need . This box will last you along time . There are some nicer envelopes than these but it all depends on what you need /
 I do n't send a whole lot of mail , but when I do it tends to be pretty overloaded . Folded up sheets of documents , stuffed-in bookmarks and trinkets , and other things that tend to play havoc with the standard glue seals . Oftentimes thinner envelopes wo n't even close on account of the bulges.These envelopes are strong enough and have enough room to fit anything I 've thrown into one so far . They seal perfectly fine - I have n't had any issues , contrary to what some reviewers claimed.The envelopes themselves are thick enough that I 'd trust them for important forms and correspondence . Overall , they work great and I do n't see any need to get anything pricier .
 I did n't pay much for these but needed 100 count of envelopes . The delivery was fast and was exactly what I needed . I would have preferred the type that has sticky stuff with the white strips that you just pull off but then there 's the waste involved and I do n't much like to waste if I do n't have to so ... I 'm happy with these . Need I say more about envelopes ?
 As described . -LRB- Well , I did n't count them so maybe they 're not 100 O.o hmmm . -RRB- Haha , but they look great . Clean , all white , with the licky seal thing . And they 're the perfect size .
 Every letter I have mailed with a Columbian envelope has arrived safe and sound at its destination . There is no brand of envelope I would recommend more highly . Each of these envelopes provides without fail an unambiguous separation between the space inside , where your letter is , and the space outside , where can be found many things that might be dangerous to your letter .
 I thought I was buying cheap envelopes . What I got were very nice business envelopes that , when printed , will look moderately expensive to clients . I bought 700 so far and only 3 were bent . Perfection in my book .
 Since I am trying to personally keep the USPS afloat , I am always in need of envelopes . Its nice to be able to purchase decent quality supplies , like these , here on Amazon !
 This are thick , serviceable envelopes that nicely hold letters . The seal glue on the back is solid and the price is very good too !
 Nice envelopes - the paper on these is reasonably thick for privacy and works well in printers to print addresses on via ` mailings/envelopes ' in word . Maintains a decently crisp look even after going through the printer rollers .
 Make sure you note that these are not security envelopes . My wife was disappointed , but I 'm fine with putting a piece of paper in with checks .
 The quality is outstanding . I was really surprised because of the price . I did n't expect it to be as good . I read a review that the prices were going to go up to match other products of the same quality so I stocked up . I 'm glad I did .
 They are envelopes - what more do you want ? They hold letters and the flap seals . 4 stars and not 5 because they are more transparent that I 'd expect , but you get what you pay for .
 Not a whole lot more to say , the price was good and the envelopes were quality . Thanks . Shipped fast too .
 These are used by a friend incarnated . She really likes them . There is nothing much else to say about them .
 They are white . I have to lick them to make them stick closed . I would recommend having them added to a large order of other items .
 I kind of feel silly leaving a review for white envelopes but these get the job done . It 's sturdy the adhesives hold a solid grip once it 's wet . I had envelopes in the past where I had to secure it down with scotch tape before I sent it off in the mail , due to adhesives not holding . No such worries with this envelope . You have better things to do that research envelopes online . Just pull the trigger on these and move onto more important matters .
 Omg where to begin ? These envelopes , are just great . I 've gotten so many compliments from correspondents and financiers , and my postal worker is looking at me a little differently these days.Alright !!!
 The former Columbian Envelopes manufactured by MeadWestvaco Corp is now owned by CenVeo Corp after MeadWestvaco/MWV has sold the envelope business to Cenveo , who also has thier own brand envelopes -LRB- Quality Park Brand Envelopes -RRB- sold here on Amazon and at both OfficeMax and OfficeDepot.As noticed Quality Park Envelopes also sells mostly for $ 30 and up for a box of envelopes , however some have been seen at priced below $ 20 and even $ 10 . Buy them and stock up now before Cenveo raises prices on the Columbian Brand to match thier Quality Park Brand , who knows , they may even discontinue the Columbian Brand and stick to thier own Quality Park Brand.I know this , because i am also an employee at one of the former MWV plants , now known as Cenveo Corp. .
 I tried most brands/types of envelope in this category and this is the best I ever found . Paying 4.99 $ for 100 count really surprised me with such quality product .
 These are not your fancy , waterproof , un-tearable envelopes . These are simple inexpensive envelopes that I primarily use to mail out checks . It does the job for that purpose .
 It 's hard to be too creative in reviewing envelopes . They hold my mail , the price was great , and they arrived the day after I ordered them !
 These envelopes are ideal for my mailing needs . I noticed that one reviewer said the glue sticking was not working and had to use tape to seal the envelope . I found NO PROBVLEM what-so-ever with the glue sticking properly . These are great quality envelopes with no problems . I would highly recommend them to anyone wanting great quality envelopes .
 This is a good legal size basic envelope . It is not a security lined envelope . Good purchase for a bargain hunter .
 Decent envelopes . Work as good as any and are cheap . Can hold a few papers without issues folding . Would buy again if needed them .
 I needed a letter size envelope , but do n't mail enough to require buying envelopes on bulk . This fit the bill for me .
 These envelopes work well . There was n't anything wrong with them . I waspleased with them . I would purchase them again .
 The product is a lot less expensive than what I have been purchasing from other vendors , however the quality is the same . That makes it a great buy !
 I ordered this product in order to make booklets and these things are absolutely great ! I could 've gotten one that was a bit smaller , but nevertheless it was an awesome buy !
 I have GBC machine . I like it very much and use all the time . But , the problem is that their rings are so expensive in Japan , it cost us four times as much as in Japan . Furthermore , for this size -LRB- 3/4 '' -RRB- size of rings , they sell it only by 100-piece box , so we would have to pay $ 100 , when wanting to bind just one book of 120 pages . I hope GBC people will find this comment and arrange it at least to sell them in smaller boxes like 20 spines , as they are doing for smaller sizes of rings . Please ...
 Great value . Arrived quick and was exactly what I was looking for . I would recommend . I use them for homemade flash cards .
 They work well , they do what they do.And it is a great bargin!Satisfied with my purchase - great product overall !
 I was looking for loose book rings to use at school -LRB- I am a teacher -RRB- . I love these ! If anything , I have too many but they 'll last forever and they 're EXTREMELY useful .
 I bought these to make little books for my kids for learning . They love it ! I laminated index card with letters written on them for my daughter to learn the alphabet , then on another set I put words on the cards for my other daughter to learn to read . These are about the size of a bottle cap which was perfect for me . Will definitely buy again !
 Needed these for a sunday school class at church . The kids write their memory verses on cards then hold them together w these rings . The box came w more than we could need so thanks so much !
 Got these to put together little books with the cards from our wedding , and I was highly pleased . They can be a bit hard to open and close , but I do n't plan to open the book up now that they are closed . Could n't come close to this price from local stores .
 These are very useful for many projects . I am a teacher and have a lot of card sets that need to stay together and these are perfect ! They came very quickly as well and were much cheaper online !
 I have n't used them all yet , but all I 've tried have worked perfectly and look nice . I 'm using them for scrapbooking projects .
 These are just what I was looking for , but wish I could have found a smaller quantity box . The quality is great !
 I used these to create binders for my students . They are very strong . These came extremely fast through the mail .
 Good value for 100 rings . Seem to be durable and close nicely . I use these for binding journals and will probably use some for keychains as well .
 I use these to keep my task cards for my math and literacy centers together . It 's a wonderful product for a teacher that is trying to stay organized .
 If you are a scrapbooker , or mixed-media artist who uses book rings , these are a great value ... especially when compared to what you will pay for them in an art , craft , or scrapbook store . These have worked great for the projects I purchased them for . The box is a little flimsy , but that was n't an issue for me since I repackage most of my materials anyway .
 I 've been using the Book Rings as Clasps for my Tiny Purse With A Purpose product , and they have done very well . I use the 1 '' rings usually , but have used up to the 2 '' also . Occasionally I get a tough one to open , but out of the hundreds of purses sold last year I 've only had one report of one breaking . Thanks for this affordable product that fills my need ! Kathy , TinyPursesWithAPurpose.com
 I bought these to keep my home made flash cards grouped together . The price per ring was pretty good . The rings are more than sturdy enough for my needs . Although , sometimes the flashcards -LRB- with a normal hole-punch sized hole -RRB- have a little issue going over the thickest part of the ring ; I think it may be from the angle of flipping the card around.Some of the rings are harder to open than others , and there has been one ring so far that I have been unable to open . I would prefer that all of them opened , but 1/100 does n't upset me.I may need larger diameter rings in the future and , if I do , I will purchase the same brand .
 The price -LRB- under $ 10 -RRB- is a great value for 100 rings . I 've so far only ran into one that would n't open , the rest have been great and worked perfectly ! Thanks for a great product !
 I teach 6th grade Church school CCD at my Church and we are making an inspirational booklet of verses from the Bible . I needed something to hold the index cards together and this did the trick .
 There were a lot of rings for a nice price , so it was a very good deal . Unfortunately , I did not measure the size that I needed and had to order other ones , but I could definitely use these in the future as they are a nice size and seem very durable . Measure what you need before you order !
 Hey , they are just metal rings , so there is n't a lot of complicated science here , but they worked as expected . So , I 'm happy .
 I like to make my own things , I bought this for my notebook-bindingthe 1 '' ones are great , I can really stuck a lot of pages with just two rings.i got it in good condition!i would recommend it .
 The size and quality of the rings were worth the $ 9.00 , and I get free two day shipping . I use this rings to hang up various signs at the animal shelter anywhere from animal health status to animal information . The rings are very durable and can withstand damage and open up easy - but not easy enough that you it would break loose or become undone should it be tugged.highly recommend .
 Great rings - fantastic quality , not like some of the cheaper made alternatives out there . Great metal used - fit perfect for whatever you 'll use them for , notebooks , crafts , whatever .
 I ordered 500 rings to make a chainmaile vest for my son . Perfect ! There were a couple that did n't work right -- they would n't stay closed . Otherwise , worth the purchase !
 I purchased this box of rings for less than $ 5 which is an excellent price for 100 rings . I commonly use these for binding albums/journals and they work as expected . Every once in a while , you 'll find the typical dud which has to be conditioned just a bit to ensure a snug fit . However , for the price , I 'm not going to complain ! A hundred rings will last me a very long time .
 After searching several stores in my neighborhood , to no avail , I finally had the sense to go to Amazon and order the exact size binder rings I needed for a school project in my grandson 's classroom . They are well made and fit the bill to a tee . I am thinking of going back to some of those stores and showing them what a binder ring is !
 I like to make personal calenders using thick paper and these are a great option for holding the paper together . I ca n't staple them because they are too thick & I need to put a different page on the cover monthly and this product handles it well .
 These were just what I needed for my Altered Books . Could n't find them anywhere and once again Amazon came to the rescue !
 The one inch binder rings are just what I needed for my project . They work great for what I need and are good quality . Highly recommend the product and the company - super fast shipping !
 I have lots of papers from projects , work manuals , conference binders , and other handouts . I use these binder rings to hold the pages together so that it takes up less space during storage instead of collecting chunky binders.I also sometimes use these with clear plasticWilson Jones Top-Loading Heavy Weight Sheet Protector , 100-Count , Clear -LRB- W21411 -RRB- as a way to organize my stacks of papers that I 'm working on.My friends use it to hold index cards together -LRB- flashcards or notecards -RRB- . Besides paper , I use it to link objects together .
 i use with my Fellowes home binding machine 150 - star . I could n't find fellowes brand combs in white - so tried these and they work perfectly well . good price .
 These were better quality than the ones we have purchased for years from Office Depot .
 You get a ton of binders for cheap so you really ca n't go wrong . There 's nothing much more to say .
 As stated in other binding comb reviews , the product is good quality and holds its `` curl '' . They are flexible and do not break/crack . Good quality
 I work in a fashion company , I use heavy bound laser semi gloss paper . I keep the background white , so using these spines look wonderful on the finished product . I go though about a box a week . So I 'll probably be ordering from them more and more . I just wish it was a little cheaper . I will stay with them until I find something better .
 These are great for putting together professional looking presentations . I used them to create a neat looking wildlife photo calendar which has been a big hit with some of my customers , family members , and friends .
 I only wish I had been able to see an actual size before ordering as after I received my order I realized I needed a larger size , but they all work great and very easy to use with binding machine
 Ten years ago most three-ring binders sold in the U.S. -LRB- at least in the Midwest -RRB- were made in the United States -- not so today . The quality of these Samsill three-ring binders is as good but mostly better than that of their imported competitors . If you can get them at a good price then please do so .
 These are a good idea for travelling , they are a reasonable size for drawings and fit an airplane tray table almost perfectly . The sticky strip means they stay put , and the choice of four colours is popular in my house . We like these ones because they do n't have lines , so better for artwork .
 These `` super sticky '' 57/8 x 77/8 inch post it notes are very good for making notes to yourself -- or , of course , notes to other people . Despite the fact that people these days often use their computer calendars to remind them of appointments and things to do , these note pads are still selling -- this is great proof that they work and that you do n't need to remember to use a computer to check for important reminders ! These can also come in handy if your computer `` crashes , '' too , since the notes will still be there and your computer may take a few days to be repaired if it can be repaired at all.It 's easy . Just write your note and use the adhesive on the top of the back to attach your note in the place where it needs to be seen . The size also allows at least one or two other people to write a reply to your message and leave the post-it note in its place for you to see later.There 's a big advantage to using these `` super sticky '' notes as opposed to using regular post-it notes . These notes have extra adhesive so they will stick to just about anything , anywhere . In contrast , regular post-it notes sometimes lose their ability to stay stuck in the right place until people who need their reminders can use them.I really ca n't think of anything negative to tell you about this product although of course unlike email these notes ca n't be seen by people unless they are in your home , office or in some way close to where you are perhaps on some public bulletin board.I highly recommend this product especially because the adhesive on the back of the post-it note is noticeably stronger than it is on regular post-it notes . They also come in different colors if that matters to you .
 Large , nice colored postits . Great for longer notes and lists . Works great for story boards . Sticks like other postits and easy to remove as well .
 Used these for a brainstorming session ; the large format works great and you can actually see what is written .
 I have these notebooks for work and I love them , you have a date and title area on top of each page , to note date , subject , meeting topic , etc.There is also a column to the left where you can write notes and each row is numbered , perfect for lists and checking them off.They are also a perfect thickness and size . Small enough to fit in a purse and carry around but still big enough that your hand does not fall off when writing in it . Also , not too thick that your hand does note rest easy when writing . I am very picky . I love these notebooks and would recommend them to all who like lists and take notes .
 wonderful product -- I will order more - each page has a date at the top to track daily entries -
 Received item quickly . I needed a ruler for various projects and this ruler fits my purpose for what I needed
 They 're easy to use . I 've been through two packs of them without a single major mishap -- I 've always come out with a shirt to wear although the first few experiments did n't come out perfect.Unlike light t-shirt transfers , they 're durable . I spotted the first teeny-tiny crack in one today -- that 's after nearly a year of weekly washing & wearing.Because of the texture of the paper , pictures tend to print a little lighter on the paper than they print on photo or normal paper -- so results might be a little different than expected . And , if your ink is turned up too high , the picture might bleed a little in the wash -- so wash them separate the first couple times so the excess ink does n't stain your other clothes.Excellent product overall . Just watch what you 're doing and it 'll turn out great . All of my problems were totally user error . I ironed a strand of hair into one of them and ironed another on a little crooked -- but even those problems are the kind of minor things only I 'd notice .
 Tidying up the office and needed this to store master documents and it works great ! Stands up even when full !
 The first reviewer had an experience similar to the one I had when I first used the Office Depot `` Print & Stick '' paper . I spent a little time trying to determine how to separate the paper from its backing . Eventually , I was able to do this rather painlessly and have been thouroughly satisfied with the product . I use it to make labels for CD envelopes . I can create the labels in MS Publisher to any size I want and then print it on my inkjet printer . I can design it any way I want . I do wish Office Depot had explained the use of the paper a little better .
 It absolutely has a peel off backing ... . I think it works great . I 'm trying to find it in larger quantity than just 5sheets per package.If you look at the back of each sheet there 's even a cut line to help the user peel off the backing . Anyone that does n't know how to peel and stick these has bigger problems . There 's really no instruction necessary . It 's ` peel and stick ' . Pretty simple .
 This is my third or fourth order of these files . I love them . The different colors and the lines on the foldgers are a huge plus for the different types of filing I have to do . They are a nice quality and the colors are bright and cheerful .
 QUICK SERVICE , PERFECT PRODUCT ! I DONT HAVE TIME TO WRITE A LONG DESCRIPTION ON MY SERVICE BUT I THINK MY FIRST FOUR WORDS SUMS IT UP PERFECTLY !
 The clips in these folders make it easy to keep records neat . Also you get a chance to color code your files . A file folder would have to be much better than this to make me want to change .
 These cards work out excellent or my purposes . I find that they it perfectly into my leather holder and the grids provide the correct lining for my usage . Thus , I would rate this prouct with 5 Stars and call it Excellent !!!!!
 I 've bought these index cards many times . Actually bought them here -LRB- see that this is a verified purchase -RRB- . These are durable , 90lb stock index cards . I still have some of these index cards with more important diagrams from the first set I bought 8 years or so ago . For making notes , I like having that grid . Also , I 'm a puzzle constructor , and having that grid is vital for that.Moleskine Square Notebookis my other preferred way of keeping a grid handy . If I think I might toss an idea after sketching it out , I reach for one of these index cards . If it 's good , I put it in the Moleskin . But there are some really nice creations I 've made on some of these index cards , with the aid of some colored markers , and I have n't tried to recreate them elsewhere yet.Highly recommended if you like grid paper . These are great cards .
 I 've used this 24 LB PURPLE PAPER from Wausau Paper quite often in newsletters , program inserts , flyers , etc. . It 's not a very deep purple , but it is purple . I have seen some purple paper that when when printed upon , the writing is ineligible . That 's not the case with this paper . Also , this is 24 lb paper so it 's a bit thicker than the usual copy paper . The heavier weight makes it easier to use in duplicating machines . Oh , and the actual name of the color of this paper is `` planetary purple '' .
 This is high quality paper and the color is exactly the same color that is pictured ! I am very satisified !
 I use this stamp at least four times a day . It looks great , stamps great and works great . The quality is amazing ; a must-buy .
 This is my third shredder . My last shredder -LRB- about $ 60 and a cross-cut shredder -RRB- lasted about 3 months before the motor went . I spent a lot of time researching available shredders and I knew that I had to spend more money if I was to get something that would last.This shredder is excellent . I decided to buy a Fellowes brand because I purchased other Fellowes products for my small business , and they have performed wonderfully.This shredder is built with the small office in mind . The motor is powerful , the feed is smooth , and the throat is wide . It is on the louder side but only because it is a strong motor . You can `` hear '' with every shred that this machine will stand up to the challenge of daily shredding of a small office for many years.This is a strip-cut shredder and it provides satifactory security if that is a concern of yours . Although the cross-cut shredders provide a bit more security -LRB- because they shred into smaller pieces -RRB- , I personally do not think they are worth the added cost and much shorter lifespan . This shredder has some nice features -LRB- you can see when it needs emptying and it lets you know if the basket is not aligned with the shredder/motor -RRB- , but these are not important - it 's all about how well this machine shreds , and how it can stand up to the demands of the office.I am very happy with the performance of this shredder and I would buy another one .
 I bought this unit while preparing for a move -LRB- I did n't feel like taking , or leaving a million old bank statements -RRB- . Its not perfect but it has a number of features you wo n't find in a $ 39.95 shredder.First , its always on . It has a feed sensor so there 's no need to hold the paper with one hand and the power switch with the other . Second , it will shread about 8-10 pages at a time , staples and all . Third , this model -LRB- the PS70-2CD -RRB- shreds credit cards and CDs . Awesome.On the downside , with shredding capability like this the basket fills right up and you have to keep emptying it . Also with narrow strips like checks you have to feed right down the middle as the sensor that turns the unit on is mounted dead center -- so if you feed something off to one side of the feed slot the sensor may not see it and will either fail to switch the unit on or stop before you 're through.That said , its worth the money . Heck , if Ken Lay had one of these babies he 'd be on the golf course right now . Oh -- I forgot ... he is on the golf course.Shred on !
 Man , this machine just destroys and shreds ANYTHING ! At my job , I hold the highly coveted title of `` Executive Document Shredder '' so not to sound arrogant , but I know a thing or two about shredders . When I arrived on the first day for my job , I was absolutely horrified to discover a 2001 paper shredder . Atrocious . I demanded they purchase a machine that would reciprocate my level of document shredding . The company listened and now I am happily sitting in the copy/mail room for 9 straight hours , 6 days a week , shredding important documents . The only way this machine could 've got 5 stars was if it had a pull-out cot so I could shred in my sleep .
 The Fellows Powershred works exactly as indicated by the manufacurer . This is a great shredder for the Amazon.com price . I would highly recommend it!Amazon also does a great job of shipping packages and I recieved it on time and in prefect condition .
 Not much to say here . This is the best pen I 've ever used . I 've always liked Uni-ball and when one of my co-workers gave me his I had to buy a whole box of them . Clean and smooth text and never `` runny '' like some other similiar pens .
 I love these pens . I like a smooth writing pen with a bold presentation . This one provides both . Since I have started using these -LRB- about two years -RRB- , I ca n't go back to any other type . It reminds me of the fountain pens of old , but much more reliable . Whenever someone borrows my pen , I always make sure that I get it back . :--RRB- Also , buying them by the box is much more economical ; and Amazon 's price is much better than the `` big box '' office supply stores .
 I have used these pens for some time and like them . The flow of ink is smooth and no smudging . I like that the clip is at the top so it sits well in my pocket without an inch sticking out like some pens . The neck is also a nice size so it fits well in my fingers . Overall , great pen .
 I am a heavy pen user , who has tried a great number of different pens . These are the only pens that I 'll use on a daily basis . Great pens .
 this pen is very smooth and glides over the paper . I just love writing everytime I use it and what a great buy .
 I do my daily sudokus in a recumbent position , holding the page on a vertical plane . These are the only pens I 've found that can write on a vertical plane with no difficulty . Yes , I do my sudoku with a pen , but I only do easy ones -LRB- one step above the &#34; very easy &#34; ones my program produces -RRB- . I 've heard that these pens are also good for writing checks that ca n't be altered , so I 'm happy to use it for everything penworthy .
 I 'm kind of OCD about pens and I absolutely love these pens . The thickness and the flow of the ink is exactly what I like and I really have a hard time using any other kind of ink pen . I now have my fellow co-workers hooked on these as well .
 This has been my favorite pen for a least the past 10 years ! I discovered them while in college ... back when taking notes was the norm . I love them for their incredibly smooth writing quality and bold point . For me , the point is the perfect combination of a smoother bold point , while not being over bold and making it too difficult to write small . The ink is dark and I only use one side of the page to ensure everything stays legible.Some reviewers complained about a short life , but I always thought they held up well to regular use as they got me through college where I would take pages of notes each day . Today , as a middle school teacher , they last me for a very long time . The pen is sharply designed and I do n't mind it sticking out of my shirt pocket . Highly recommend buying on Amazon with Prime shipping - cheaper than the big box office supply stores in my area too .
 These are my favorite pens and this place has the best price and shipping -LRB- that I 've found so far -RRB- . They write very smoothy with minimal smearing . I would recommend these
 I am a white collar professional required to sign multiple legal documents on a weekly basis . I used to use a Rollerball Zebra g8 , which is no longer produced . I looked and researched for several months before finally finding what I consider the ultimate writing instument for any professional who takes pride in signing his name so that it looks professional . I will never consider using anything else . Thanks to the manufacturer for a tremendous product at a reasonable price .
 These are the better quality pens your grandma told you about . Not myths . These are legends . Like most of the uni-ball pens , these are worth the expense . They last a long time . They do not smudge easily or quickly . They are smooth and very comfortable . I have yet to have one spill ink . They are durable and attractive . Simple , useful , well-made . What else could we ask for ?
 I love these pens . BLACK , BOLD , THICK , SMOOTH WRITING . That 's how I like it.These pens are simply amazing . They are n't the most comfortable in the world , but as long as you do n't use them for more than an hour , it 's no big deal .
 Now these are the pens you want to use when you have serious work to do . They just flow on the page and the ink is evenly distributed . You do n't get that blotchy look with these pens . Your writing looks neat and clean . Highly recommended ! What a pleasure someone produces a product that 's worth the price you pay for them !
 These pens are easy and direct to write with . Once you have used these gel pens you will be unable to return to a ball point and it is only bettered by a well handed ink pen .
 This filing cabinet is built great , looks good and includes the lock . The drawers open evenly , no wiggling of the drawers which is important when it is full ! The packing is sturdy and it was delivered in TWO Days ! I have tried many cheaper filing cabinets and there IS a reason why they are cheaper ! I definately recommend this one .
 I have a Ricoh color printer and I was looking for a really top quality color laser paper that can handle auto-duplexing . This product by HP is the real thing . Many reams later I 've not experienced a single misfeed or problem . This paper has a top quality feel that has customers and others checking to see if two sheets are stuck together.Print quality -LRB- yeah , I know , much of this is due to the Ricoh CL400DN -RRB- on this paper is truly outstanding , highly detailed and durable . Paper dust is held to an absolute minimum ... there is simply nothing to not like about this product . I 've tried a bunch of other papers / brands and I 've found nothing else that even comes close.If you 've shelled out for a good or high quality color laser printer , do yourself and give it good paper on which to print . Buy a ream and try it , you 'll never go back to what you were using .
 This is the paper suggested by HP . Others have messed up my printer so I stick with manufacturer recommended products for this printer .
 I use this paper in my Brother 9840CDW . Great paper - prints bright , clear pictures . Paper feels nice and substantial in hand . Lends a very professional feel/look to portfolios I create for workshops and presentations . The paper came very damaged -LRB- quite a few sheets in each ream were bent -RRB- , but the seller was absolutely awesome and sent replacement paper within two days .
 The quality of this paper is great . My documents are sharp and very presentable to others . About 1/3 of the time , my customers comment on the quality of the paper when they read my contracts . Its really fantastic , and I plan to continue using it in the longterm .
 I use this paper with an HP color laser printer and get fantastic results . This is the best paper I have ever used and it 's available at amazon at a reasonable price .
 First off , I do n't print photos . I do n't think color laser printers are appropriate for that.That said , if you 're printing text documents with color in them , this paper is THE BOMB . Great stuff ; makes color laser colors really shine . Again , not for photos , but great for text and diagrams . I use it with a Brother
 I read the other reviews carefully . Looked for the `` Box '' damage others described -LRB- There was a little -RRB- however it did not affect the paper inside at all . This paper is high quality . It has an almost vinyl feel to it without being too shiny or slick . It runs through our high sped color laser printer pefectly . There are no smudges or bleeding . The print outs are photograph quality . It is the best paper we have ever used . The results are stunning and the price can not be beat anywhere!I recommend this to everyone .
 I have tried about a half-dozen types and brands of laser printer paper , and in my opinion this is the best deal and best performer out there . At the major office supply stores you pay a lot more for this same paper , in fact for the same money -LRB- including shipping -RRB- you 'll get only 2.8 of the 500 count packages instead of the 5 you get here.About the paper - lf you have a color laser printer and the print tone seems dim or unsaturated , try this paper before changing anything else ; the right paper really makes a difference in color . There is also a dramatic difference in the `` crispness '' of black printing , it 's as if the resolution got better and the contrast ratio got higher ... When you think about how much ink -LRB- or toner -RRB- costs , around $ 45 delivered for 2,500 sheets is the least expensive supply you 'll buy for your printer yet one which makes a big difference in terms of print quality .
 I 've used this paper forever and wo n't use anything else in my Dell Color 5100cn printer . The quality is absolutely superb and I get lots of compliments from people on the look and feel of presentations . With Amazon selling it so inexpensively , I 'll never buy it any place else from now on .
 A nice heavy -LRB- but not too heavy -RRB- , bright white paper . Just right . Not quite as bright asHEW203000 HP Bright White Inkjet Paper 24 LB , but close enough that it does n't matter . I 've searched high and low for a better color inkjet paper , and have n't found anything better . Outstanding paper !
 I only use HP paper , this is the real thing , at a fair price , delivered to my door in a reasonable period of time .
 I have used these pens for a long time now and I love them !! They are a bit pricey but they are well worth it . They were also a lot cheaper here than anywhere else I could find them .
 Not the cheapest pens on the block , but substantial without being too heavy or fat . Use to have carpal tunnel so am concerned about my hand getting too tired from writing - this pen is great if this is a worry for you . Very easy ink flow and it lasts a long time . Favorite basic work pen .
 I love a good pen and this a good pen . The color blue black looks great - not to blue and not black . Writing I find it 's a tad more comfortable with the cover off rather than on the top of the pen but it 's still good when the cover is attached to the top of the pen.The feeling of this pen to paper is smooooth.If I could improve this pen I would
 I 've used these pens for YEARS and I get so many client compliments about how nice they are . I do n't think I 'll ever use a different brand/type of pen .
 Great pen . Smooth , bold writing . The blue-black color transulates to a deep navy-ish color . It looks great ! I feel the product discription is quite accurate unlike some previous reviewer stated . I refuse to use any other pen for work as this one looks professional and is a pleasure to write with . I swear by it ! The only drawback is it 's relatively expensive . As it gets towards the end of the ink supply in the pen , the line is less bold and skips a little bit when writing . I end up discarding it before the ink is totally out because the line is n't smooth enough . This , however , is only after getting much use out of the pen . It does n't last as long as a ball point pen , however it lasts as long as any other gel/fountain ink type pen . Also , I find it is cheaper for a pack of 12 here on Amazon . It seems to average about $ 5 more per pack on other websites . Try this pen out , I do n't think you 'll be disappointed !
 I love these pens - I am normally a &#34; heavy &#34; handed writer and that causes my hand to cramp after a while . With these pens it is so easy to write with a lighter touch and the ink is nice and dark , making it easy to read as well .
 Easy flow , bold color . Blue-black is nice to use on all kinds of surfaces , and it 's distinct from black or blue in a subtle way . I would prefer a brighter blue , though .
 I highly recommend this receipt book . I think it has enough space for people like me who write larger . It has a space for everything and it is nice when you can take the receipt off the book and stick it to something . I use this for my egg sales and I can just attach it to the egg carton and it comes right off when you want it to . The spiral seems nice and sturdy and the carbon copy is really a nice feature .
 Great little tags and fast shipment . I needed to add them to my items at a craft fair and they were perfect !
 Cute little buggers ... but tiny , so if you have a lot of data to tag , you need another product . It was perfect for our application , though I wish it came with a white string instead of purple .
 ... but so useful ! These guys are so consistently superior I tend to take them for granted -- but I use their products constantly .
 Be sure you are aware of just how small the measurements are before buying these , and it helps if you have neat , precise handwriting ! They have a nice , professional look to them and are easy to use . They are n't flimsy , and the price is nice .
 These labels are great for binders that do not have a `` sleeve '' on the end . You can see a list of what you have in the binder .
 I use these on binders that hold several different collections . I have been unable to find them in the stores where I used to get them . I am happy to have found another source .
 Found this dark violet/purple colored paper on Amazon when I could not find it in any store , and at a great price ! I was worried it would not be the shade I needed due to seeing it online , but it was perfect on arrival . So happy that I 've ordered again and will do so in the future . It shipped very quickly too , always a plus !
 Cross Tech3 Lustrous Chrome Mutli-Function Pen with Black and Red Ball-Point Ink and .05 mm PencilCross Classic Century Medalist Ball-Point Pen and .05 mm Pencil Set In Polished Chrome with 23 Karat Gold Plated AppointmentsI am very satisfied with both products.Not only are they well made , but work very well . I am especially pleased with the multi function pen because of its flexibility .
 I 've used this pencil about 5 years , and I lost it about 4 months ago . I bought another one right away , and this also works best for me . It gives me very smooth and comfortable writing ! highly recommended ! Also , great price !!!
 I really enjoy the Cross Pens . They look nice in your shirt pocket . The silver with the gold accent look really nice but not over the top .
 this is a perfect gift for a young man starting out his business and is beautiful to engrave on them and they are of high quality
 I had a yellow gold Cross pen for years and I misplaced it . So , I purchased this Cross pen and pencil set . I love both . Once I became accustomed to using my shiny Cross pens , nothing else would do . I did eventually find the original gold pen so now I have two . Love it !
 I ordered this item for my boyfriend as a gift - the set came was delivered in an acceptable time frame . . my boyfriend loved the gift . . writes well and looks nice . I recommend it !
 I got these after having these years ago and are very happy with themThey are a nice thin pen . Not too fat to hold
 This paper is perfectly fine . Rocket Red is NOT true red by any means . Since it is `` astro bright '' it is fluorescent like and more like deep coral - orangey pink . I was looking for valentine heart red ...
 These are GREAT ! They are very thick but still clear enough to see through . They yield a very professional appearance to whatever project you might be using them on . In my case , I used them for holding bookmarks in books we were giving away .
 Would like to be able to download templates to use with this size card . Having problems finding them via hp website .
 I had purchased these in the past at Staples , but neither the store or the online Staples had them anymore , so I was happy to find it on Amazon . Overall , I love them , but there are a few downsides that I 've experienced :1 . They only come in glossy . I prefer matte finishes .2 . The program that comes with it gives you the option of borderless cards on some choices . Sounds great , right ? Not so much - it simply looks sloppy in my opinion without the border and does n't print very evenly either .3 . The included software gives you many choices for things like kids birthdays , but not as many good choices for adults , especially males . I often had to improvise by selecting a different kind of card -LRB- i.e. , thank you card -RRB- and personalizing it for a birthday.Other than that I 've been very pleased and so have the people who have received them . They make wonderful invitations as well .
 I used these to do my Christmas cards this year . The software was very easy to use and the end product came out great .
 This was a very hard to find item at my office supply stores . They just want to carry their own brand .
 I bought this for printing photos onto so that they would look like paintings . The canvas seems great but there are no directions on it as far as which side of the canvas is the `` face '' . I wasted one sheet figureing that out . The face is the smoother side . The more coarse side will give your photo rough look and the ink will not cover the whole image because of this . However that could be a fun alternative if you are wanting something more artsy looking.This worked just fine with my Epson photo printer and am very excited to use it again.The canvas itself is about as thick as stock paper and has a lot of flexability to it -LRB- you will want to help manually feed it into your printer or try placing a normal sheet of paper behind it to help the printer grab on to it -RRB- .
 These laminating pouches are super . I bought the GBC business card laminator and these at the same time . Pouches look cloudy before laminating , but laminate crystal clear . Works beautifully , good medium weight , very pleased with the products , highly recommend .
 3 mm laminating sheets were too floppy . 5 mm made a nice , firm seal . Length is probably more than you need because cards come with different lengths , so you can trim if desired or just center it as is . Works great for those crappy flimsy cards -LRB- BLS , ACLS , etc -RRB- .
 Really good product works really well . Laminations sealed well and were very clear . Would recommend this product to everyone . Just the right size to fit in a wallet .
 These were great . So easy to use . They worked well with the EXL45-2 Fellowes Laminator . A little expensive , but worth it .
 I bought these for our small business . We just got our employees CPR certified and wanted to laminate their cards to keep them in good shape . We have an old single page laminator , and we normally use 3 mil lamination pages . These cards are 5 mil according to the title , but we had to set it to a something more like 6 or 7 mil thickness to get a proper lamination . Again , our laminator is aged , so that could be all there is to that.Regardless , these cards worked just fine and they are the perfect size for our needs . I would buy again , and probably will sometime in the future when we use these up !
 This is one of those items that once you have in your possession , you find a multitude of uses for it . Just two days ago made a copy of client 's state ID card and Medicaid card for him , typed up a list of important phone numbers for him , laminated them and attached to a lanyard for him to wear around his neck as he loses his wallet -LRB- he is a special population client with extraordinary needs -RRB- so he 'll have important information at hand.We are building a house , and have used these to identify wiring and plumbing lines by typing the info on a business card , laminating , and using zip ties to attach to the appropriate wire.In my creative moments , I will print a page of business cards with appealing graphics and a meaningful quote , laminate , and use as book marks.These are excellent quality , easy to use , and really inspire thinking outside the box for uses .
 Since there was no indication what size this was I worried whether it would be the right size . However the inside dimensions are just slightly larger than 111/2 x 8 x 1 . So I can put my papers in , have them handy and have a hard surface to write on . I was very pleased . I can not find these in any store and the one I had been using was broken so this was great . I really appreciate it . I bought three incase I ca n't find them again for awhile . I am finding the clasp does n't work real great , but it is a minor inconvenience .
 Iris project case is indispensable . I am sooo disappointed to find them unavailable now . I have over 10 of them , but they are the perfect size to hold so many different types of projects & provide a portable surface for writing , also holding writing supplies . The type I have is slightly different , I think , than the photo above because the latch has square corners . Only one of the latches has given me problems & I was able to simply click the latch back into the slot for it to operate again wonderfully .
 This small , plastic , see through box is great for storing small projects and can easily be carried around . The snap locks in place , keeping everything safe inside.There are various degrees of hardness when it comes to plastic . If you are using Iris Portable Project Case as a clipboard , like me , the center of the case gives give somewhat . The product dimensions are somewhat off too . Above , it says 12 x 10 x 1 inches . My measurements were 12 -LRB- actually , it 's slightly-slightly over -RRB- x 9 -LRB- if you allow room for the latch in the middle -RRB- x 1 - . If you need a portable case to carry something as thick as a five-subject notebook , this will be too thin . A 8-1/2 x 11-3/4 legal pad would work perfectly though , leaving room for pens/pencils , a calculator , some index cards and a ruler.Although you can stack these , there are no grooves on the bottom to keep the case above from sliding off . However , there are small legs on the side where you can place the case upright , like a briefcase.All-in-all , I 'm pleased with this purchase !
 By now I have thirteen of these cases , all labeled and holding separate files . They live in a cabinet in our kitchen office . -LSB- We no longer have room for a filing cabinet upstairs in our house . -RSB- This is one of those innovations that bears comparison with sliced bread.Apart from being useful as files , they are also , of course , the very thing to keep together the elements of any sort of project , or all your software or other computer information .
 Bought several of these for work - survived in the trunk during a crash . Would buy again when needed .
 They arrived in a timely manner and are just what I wanted . Thanks so much !
 Great product . Loved using it with my grandchildren . A bit pricey and if one can get a wireless one , that would be fantastic .
 This was the purchase of 2 dozen No. 1 pencils as a gift to my elementary school teacher friend . The pencils are great and arrived quickly , but I had to pay over $ 7.00 for postage ! Did n't like that at all !
 These envelopes are very nice . I bought some cheap enveloped before I purchased these and they kept jamming in my printer . These enveloped do not jam and have a nice wide glue strip and you can get a hold of the `` grip seal '' paper easily to peel off . I will definitely continue to buy these !
 Well , they 're envelops that you do n't have to lick . Good quality and should hold up to the wear and tear they 'll get as they go through all the machines and hands at the post office facilities !
 They 're envelopes , with pull and peel stickies ... nuff said.They 're envelopes , with pull and peel stickies ... nuff said.They 're envelopes , with pull and peel stickies ... nuff said .
 Nice heavy duty security envelope that has a self sealing edge and does exactly what it is advertised to do .
 Love not having to lick the envelopes closed . The paper is not thin and flimsy ... feels substantial and should make it harder to see through . And the price was infinitely better than buying envelopes at OfficeMax or OfficeDepot .
 Great choose if you want a quality envelope . The large count makes this a economical purchase . Recommend for home office use
 I am very pleased with these envelopes . I was looking for the following combination of features -LRB- 1 -RRB- self sealing , -LRB- 2 -RRB- security marks on the inside , -LRB- 3 -RRB- sturdy with good thickness , -LRB- 4 -RRB- good price per envelope . This is exactly what I got in this product.I am attaching a collage of two photos . Photo # 1 shows the envelope opened so you can see the security markings on the inside of the envelope.Photo # 2 shows the grip-seal being lifted.Grip seal works well , I do not have to re-tape with scotch tape . The security markings prevent the writing being seen through the envelope if you look at the envelope in regular lighting situation . However , be aware that if you look through the envelope by bringing it to a light source you can still see the letters and numbers on a piece of paper inside of the envelope despite the security markings.Overall , I am pleased with the envelopes and would buy them again.Ali Julia review
 get into this box of envelopes . One of the main reasons I purchased these envelopes is they are manufactured in the United States of America and I like the self-adhesive and security markings on the inside . I do not believe I will be disappointed .
 I recommend this fax for anyone who has need for one to use in a personal/home or small business office . The setup is a bit cumbersome , but the ease of use more than makes up for this one downside . The reports are a great way of tracking useage.I have yet to order a cartridge but been told it is very expensive - nothing surprising there.Buy this machine . It is great !
 best fax machine I 've ever had . In three months it paid for itself considering the cost of other `` plain-paper '' cartriges .
 I 've used this machine for almost a year now . It works great . It 's very reliable . The toner lasts a very long time . I 'm still using the starter toner . The only cons would be setting it up . It has some unfrienly menus you have to learn to do things like mute the ringer and set the time . The manual walks you through it . But , it 's not something you would remember . Also Panasonic really pushes their IFax service with this machine . I use this machine fine with out their IFax service . The jog dial comes in handy for preset fax numbers , saving time . Overall it 's a good fax machine .
 Excellent phone fax laser copier . I have had no problems . . copies are clear and crisp . Complex . . yet user friendly . I am very pleased with this product .
 I am on a constant hunt for the perfect pen featuring style , extra-fine reliable lines , and the ability to write on all types of paper . i 've spent up to $ 40 on single pens in the past.this pen is the closest i 've come yet .0.38 mm tip as advertised , other pens claim small lines but do not actually deliver . one caveat , fine point means you heavy handed folk wo n't enjoy this much , but you probably already know that.gel ink
 Consistantly smooth fine line . I have to write a lot of information in limited areas on forms . This pen makes the job easy . Love these pens . I have used all three colors with equal success . I wish they came in more colors . I also feel bad about throwing out the whole pen . I would buy refills with the same enthusiasm . Uniball should go a little greener ! I found the ink also fits into Pilot Dr Grip Gel barrels . When my hands get tried I use the fatter Dr Grip.Finest point available , Ca n't find anything that even comes close that has the same quality . I use these to the last drop everytime !
 I love this pen . It suites me perfectly.I write rather small and lightly . The lightly partly because of RSI in my wrist.What I like is the fact that the ink does not bleed like so many other gel type pens . So if your pen tends to pause before you continue writing , there is not a blob or spot of ink at that point.The notes I take tend to be small and in a small notebook -LRB- one I fit in my back pocket -RRB- , so the fine point is what I was looking for . As long as the tip has not been damaged , the ink flows freely until it runs out.Of all the pens in my life I tend to run these out of ink more than any of it 's predecessors . -- I would usually loose or give away other pens before they ran dry . ; - -RRB- I initially found this pen at an Office Depot several years back and bought a box that was on sale . Since then , I 've not found it at the store but have had to go online . ... I like Amazon for this.It is not the most elegant looking pen , but what do I care about looks if the tool works perfectly for me.There is one thing I must caution . If you drop the pen with the tip out , plan on simply throughing it away . It may write but not the way it was designed and will be frustrating to use .
 It 's a good pen , but I do n't like the way it writes . Something about it was too rough for me , Ive had other .38 pens and they wrote smoothly . However , it is a great pen if you do n't want to make a mess and get that smudge on the side of your hand .
 For lovers of extra fine point this pen is great . The ink does not smudge on the page and does not leak through to the other side . I have been using it now for 3 weeks with no complaints .
 My husband and I both prefer very fine pens/markers to standard sizes . We 've never been able to find pens that are just right until now . These are the perfect size ! We both LOVE these pens and the kids are not allowed to use them ! I 'll be buying a lot more of these , we 've also purchased the black ones and they are just as nice : -RRB-
 I 'm dreading the day when these pens are no longer made . Amazon is the only place I can find them . I write very small , and these are the only pens that I absolutely love . They 're just superb !
 This pen is pretty good and is as advertised . I like a fine tip pen and was happy to find one with blue ink . The point however is ultra fine , so it is a little too sharp for my taste . But I still use it every day . I am okay with the extra fine point .
 If you write small , these are great . Cheaper than the 207 ones but these do n't have the &#34; fraud protection &#34; special ink if you need that in your pens .
 I really use these pens a lot -LRB- hence why I buy them by the dozen -RRB- & prefer them over all the free ones I get . They are really great to keep in my checkbook , as the gel ink is a safety feature to help prevent alterations . I 've been using these for years for my checks & really love the extra fine point . I 've told my sisters & friends about them & they have started using them too !
 This is the thinnest ball point pen I could find in blue , that 's why I ordered them . I love the thin line they make and the ink lasts a long time . Highly recommend for people who like thin lines as opposed to the thick bold gel pens and such .
 I have a sort of fetish for ink pens . I have owned pretty much every pen ever made . This is the one I have been most satisfied with . If there is any drawback , it is that they run out of ink rather quickly , but you ca n't go by my experience with that - I journal several times a day . They are a little hard to come by - they are not in stores anymore and I can only get them through Amazon , com , but I do n't see that as a drawback at all .
 I agree with that quote by Solzhenitsyn that the scholar always reads with pen in hand . It 's true because without one you can never find the exact place you left off or where the best quotes in a volume happen to be . Luckily , I 'm not a devotee of the self-esteem movement so red ink never offends me . In fact , I prefer it . It 's the best thing to use on the pages of books . I 've been using these Uni-ball pens for several years and now buy them by the box . Yes , they 're not great for signing documents but they are perfect for scholarship .
 I love the fine tips on these . I just hate writing with the 0.7 s. I guess the 0.5 s are good too but these are great with the fine tips because I write small and I tend to make it smudge with 0.7 s and even 0.5 s from time to time .
 I love extremely fine point pens , and I need red for work . These pens are some of the best I 've found and this is a great price compared to the stores !
 I need a fine point on my red marking pens . This is the very best one out there . The fine point is perfect . This uni-ball is dependable and never glops . Great pen .
 I am a nurse and these pens make my charting so much more legible . They are GREAT !
 My Post-it flags arrived promptly and the price was competitive , so overall , I am pleased with this order . However , rather than the bonus of the durable index tabs , as advertised , my multi-pack came with a highlighter pen that also has the narrow yellow post-it flags . I was hoping to try the durable index tabs , that were indicated as being included , so this substitution left me disappointed , and I subtracted a star for false advertising.If the nature of the bonus item changes periodically , it should not state a specific bonus item in the product description .
 I use these all the time while I read books . I highlight key passages , plot lines or characters with different colors to make it easy to go back to find data . When I am reading a technical book I highlight key areas of particular interest to me.I like the 1 inch wide size as I can use an extra fine Sharpie to write a name or topic onto the tab for quick reference . The color coding helps you to quickly identify your topics.A nice thing about these tabs is that they are removable so they do not damage the book and they can be repositioned as to not overlap other tabs you have installed . I like the convenient pop up dispenser because they are easy to get to and also store in a desk drawer.These are a great office tool and I recommend them as a good product .
 I used these in school for studying and identifying material in open note/book exams . Very handy , frequently reusable and easy to write on . Highly recommended .
 I keep a set of these on my desk so I can mark magazine articles , books , or correspondence . Makes going back for a reference easy and fast .
 The flags serve their purpose . They stick well , and do n't fall off/get knocked off easily . They blue and green tabs are somewhat dark so any writing on the color parts are a little hard to see . The pen is a nice gel pen . The pen will smear though . I 'd recommend the pen more for writing on paper than on the tabs . Overall it 's a good product .
 The colors are too dark if you are thinking on writing something on them -LRB- except for the yellow one -RRB- . On the red and blue , if you write something , you have to close in to actually read what you wrote on the tab .
 I go through several packages of Post it flags every semester . I color code my learning plans and lecture notes so I can keep everything easy to find . The paper Post it notes tear to easily , these last a very long time and are easy to write on .
 I have used these tabs for years as book marks and color coding school binders . I have always liked this product , and Amazon had the best price I have seen anywhere . The price is the same as in the store but for double the number of post its . I had never seen a 4 set of post-its before . I am thrilled I can get this many in a single order .
 Great price on a package of Post-it flags . I would definitely do business with this seller again .
 I have this attached to the top of a document safe using sticky blu-tak . It works well in this use .
 Sturdy and attractive tray . Matches other products that I 've purchased here on Amazon . Easier to keep clean than the smoked or clear plastic trays . Worth the price difference . Thank you .
 We bought this set 3 yrs ago and still works great . With 2 little kids and a small kitchen this was a must . It has held up all this time . It was time consuming to varnish , but well worth it . Assembly did not take longer than I expected ... after all there are many peices and it came in 4 boxes . If I had to do it all again I would have paid twice as much for it .
 The lead seems to run up the center , making sharpening easy and the erasers stay on .
 How many times have I given the cheap pencils from Walmart a chance ? Buy these pencils . They will hold their lead and sharpen nicely .
 I got these pencils to give out at school thinking that they were made in USA . Good pencils made in China . No problem with product . just wish that Amazon would state country of origin of products .
 LONG STORY SHORT
 The quality of these pencils is great ! My kids and I use it to draw , we all like it . Never broke pencils again while sharpening .
 I am glad to get quality pencils for this price - as a classroom teacher , my pencils take a ton of abuse , and the store brands inevitably lose their lead after a few sharpenings . I like that these are colored , I can easily see the ones I lent !
 I PURCHASED THESE PENCILS FOR MY KIDS FOR HAVING A GREAT REPUTATION IN PENCILS , DIXON PENCILS HAVE BEEN AROUND FOR A GOOD AMOUNT OF TIME NOW AND THEY ARE VERY DURABLE AND EVEN BETTER AT 144 PENCILS IN A BOX . SWEET A LOT OF DIXON PENCILS !!!!!
 They are pictured as pre-sharpened but they are NOT . I called and asked but no one could tell me ahead of time . At our bridge club we use a lot of pencils . These do sharpen evenly and the colors are very attractive .
 I work in the Offshore industry and this adaptor provides me with the ability to use multiple power connectors as well as charge my ipod and continue to listen to music . Great little adaptor
 I spent quite a long time to compare and review many similar products.Other products require you to carry several `` pieces '' to put together ... and HOPE you do n't LOSE the very one you NEED ! No THANKS!While we have not yet used these , -LRB- our `` Big Trip '' is still 2 months away -RRB- ... I am very confident that they will serve us well in the countries we will be traveling through!I recommend them to you . -LCB- Did my review help you decide ? -RCB-
 Very happy with this purchase . It is good for any country in the world , no matter where your travels take you . All-in-one must have accessory , and a very reasonable price .
 I used this for a solid two months in Europe . Its a little tough to get a three pronged plug into it , but you just have to use a little elbow . It was overkill for me , since I only needed a two-pronger , but if you 're doing a lot of traveling to the East and Europe I highly recommend . If you will just be in Europe , a standard two-pronger will work better
 Do n't know why this got average reviews because it worked like a charm for me while in Italy . Will use again for any overseas travels .
 Great gadget to have in your computer bag . Allows you to charge a computer , cellphone or Ipod no matter where you are in the world . Also has a fuse just in the event of a power surge . I used to travel with only plug adapters but ended up carrying 5 adapters .
 very useful , it 's a bit big , i think it could have the usb with the rest , cause it makes easy to loose if you have more than one piece hanging around . But it 's great that can fit pretty much anywhere in the world .
 I recently used this during a 2 week trip to Egypt , and it worked perfectly . I was able to charge my digital camera battery as well as my MP3 player -LRB- with the USB cap -RRB- , and it has n't stopped working yet , so I think it 's well worth its price . The best thing is , I can now use this back here in the U.S. to charge my MP3 player without my computer , so it 's win/win for me.It has the plug adapters for just about all the countries you could visit in the world . Just remember , it does n't convert electricity -- which is written all over it -- so make sure the item -LRB- s -RRB- you charge with this adapter can handle the voltage of the country you 're traveling in or buy an actual converter , not just an adapter.My only suggestion would be some sort of carrying case , or way to hold the cap -LRB- either the USB cap , or the plug cap -RRB- that 's not being used because I would hate to misplace it . Otherwise , this product was perfect !
 I ordered the travel plug adapter with usb and have used it in England and at home . It works well and is so easy to change the type of plug . I like that it is compact and keeps my ipod working around the world .
 It works in Israel , Jordan , and Egypt as well as other parts of the world.Every traveler should get one when traveling abroad .
 I bought this for a recent trip overseas and it really came in handy . I was able to use it to charge my cell phone , camera and ipod . Only drawback was that it could not handle the blow dryer . My friend has the same one and used it with her blow dryer and it blew up .
 This product includes :1 male plug adapter , which fits in any of the 4 types of supported outlet types -LRB- European , British/Asian , American/Japanese/Chinese , and Australian -RRB- 1 female outlet adapter , which accepts any of the 4 types of supported plugs1 USB charger adapter , which can be swapped with the outlet adapterThis was the best of all the adapters I looked at , it has a simple compact design , and only three parts , two of which will usually be firmly attached to each other , so there 's less to lose . Contrary to what some of the other reviews say , the USB charger WILL work with an iPod . As I write this I 'm charging my 2nd gen iPod Nano with it . It 's also not a voltage converter , but I think that would have added a lot of bulk , and all of the electronics I travel with are dual voltage anyway.I would have given this 5 stars , but I 've had a few minor issues with it :1 . It takes much too much force to plug in a grounded 3-prong US plug into the adapter , so much that I 'm afraid I 'll break it when I remove the plug . It works , but you have to force the round US ground pin into the rectangular UK ground hole , which is just slightly too small for it to fit easily . If the UK ground hole was slightly rounded or half a millimeter larger , it would n't have this problem .2 . You sometimes have to pull out the pins on the plug end with your fingers to get them to lock correctly . Otherwise they 'll retract back into the adapter when you try to plug it in .3 . You can only awkwardly connect all three pieces together for transport , and you ca n't do it at all while you 're using it . It would have been better if there was a slot or something where you could attach the unused part during use .
 This seems well made and compact but it did n't work with my Nano . I tried it twice , and both times it did n't charge and required resetting the Nano . I 'm guessing the Nano is somehow programmed to look for either an Apple charger or a computer USB port , perhaps even one with Ipod software installed . This is the second such device I 've tried that was n't Apple authorized and both had similar , but not identical problems.It does work with my Dell Axim , though that comes with an AC charger and I did n't buy it for that . I 've always had good luck with Kensington devices and if nothing else , it 's still a plug adapter.I would n't hesitate to buy this for a non-Apple product . And because of this Apple problem , I just bought a Sansa flash player instead of another Nano .
 I recently purchased this adapter before leaving for a long trip spanning Europe , Middle East and South Asia . I was glad that the adapter fit every socket in all the hotel rooms I stayed it . It also did n't up much space in the laptop case which was a real advantage since other adapters tend to be bulky . The USB charger also helped me recharge my portable appliances without having to turn on my laptop . Its worth every cent .
 Excellent compact design . You pick your countries plug type and slide out the prongs . Sure beats buying a plug adapter for every country you visit . It does not step down/up the voltage , but it 's not meant to . For those that miss that , it has a fuse -LRB- and a spare fuse -RRB- . The USB adapter handles 120/240 , so it works everywhere . It 's a bit goofy having a separate piece for USB , but with the rest being so compact I can overlook it .
 I 've been using this for over one year , and have been very happy with the performance . I use it to charge my iPod and electric shaver -LRB- not at the same time , of course -RRB- , and it has fit fine in every outlet that I 've tried.The description says this is an `` all-in-one '' adapter , which is a bit of a stretch . There is the main adapter body , and two removable caps , one for regular electronic devices , and one for USB devices . You can only use one of the caps at a time , so there will be a loose cap around . It would be nice if it came with a little bag or case to keep the components together.Please note that this DOES NOT CONVERT VOLTAGE , nor does it make any claims that it does so . Read the instructions and carefully check your electronics before leaving for your trip .
 We took this adapter with us on a three week backpacking trip across Europe . It worked great ! We charged digital camera batteries , an mp3 player , and an iPod Nano . We had no problems with it ... -LRB- And it fit everywhere -RRB- I would definitely recommend it ...
 I bought this adapter already owning one of the models that did not include a USB 2.0 interface , and loved it . I bought this because the USB attachment was too good a product to pass up , and because I needed another adapter anyway for all of my electronics.Almost everything about this product is fantastic . The adapter is fantastically easy to use ; just depress the button on the side , flick open the proper plug array , and you 're golden . The adapter works on both 110/120V and 220/240V wall plugs , and so will work almost everywhere . What you have to remember , though , is that this is NOT a power converter . If it takes in 110V or 220V , it will give 110V or 220V , respectively . This is best for devices that have plug-in charging adapters already , like digital cameras , laptops , etc. . Other items will not be able to function with the different voltages.The only real complaint with this product is that for users from the States , it will not take 3-prong plugs , only 2-prong . The third prong on US plugs -LRB- the round Ground plug -RRB- will not fit in most cases , as the receptor on the adapter is built for differently-size UK plugs . I suggest buying a 3-prong to 2-prong converter , which can be found at most electronics or home improvement stores . This is not much hassle , though , and is not enough of an inconvenience to warrant not buying this product .
 I bought this for my daughter and she and I love it so much . It 's really thick and soft . Perfect texture for using a mouse one it . If you have a little girl who needs a mouse pad this is the perfect mouse pad . Great delivery speed to and in perfect conditon when it got here .
 I do n't normally write reviews , but when I saw the negative review of this item , I wanted to comment . The bottom line
 I am full time Realtor and I needed 3 things in a monitor mount :1 . - To work well and to be able to MOVE IT FREELY
 Given that monitor mounts from this manufacturer can cost upwards of $ 400 -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- this particular model is an excellent value at under $ 100 . It supports my 9 lb . 24-inch Viewsonic display very well . The included flex-mount base raises the diagonal support arm 4 '' above the desktop , providing good clearance when the arm is rotated . There are some minor deficiencies . Although the stiffness in the joints of the arm is eliminated with light lubrication , the rotational coupling , which is used to level the display and to rotate it 90-degrees , from portrait to landscape , remains very stiff . It sort of lurches from one position to the next so that you have to work with it to get the monitor straight . After you 've leveled it , if the arm is then rotated horizontally from , say , right to left , or if the monitor is turned 180-degrees on its axis , without moving the arm , the display shifts out of true and must be leveled again . These are somewhat minor flaws , but they do undermine the ease of use and the overall build quality of the mount .
 I wanted to join `` TV Engineer '' to help bring up the rating for this mount.I 'm glad I found this monitor mount ! This is a great item and a bargain . Very sturdy , solid , and well made . I 'm using it with a 20 '' Samsung 204B . I almost got a similar Ergotron model , but this one a -RRB- is cheaper , b -RRB- looks better in black to match my monitor , and c -RRB- has the vertical adjustment arm at the desk mounting point . The last reason is important - even more desk space is freed up under the monitor when the horizontal-only linkage is at the monitor and is raised and lowered with it . The Ergotron switches the arrangement and would have had the horizontal arm always sweeping close to the desk top.The `` Anthony Derose '' review mentions the monitor being crooked . I do n't think he tried too hard to adjust it . The landscape/portrait rotating swivel on mine was a little stiff at first , but once turned it moved freely and is easy to adjust a full 360 degrees - but still with enough static friction to keep it in place . -LRB- TV Engineer mentions loosening a set screw for this rotation , but mine does n't have or need one . -RRB- Also , I fail to see how using an allen wrench to adjust the weight tension is unsafe.The only missing feature that some may want -LRB- but I did n't need -RRB- is being able to spontaneously tilt the monitor from vertical . It is adjustable , but must be locked/unlocked with the same allen wrench . I adjusted mine where I wanted it once , and that 's probably the last time I 'll have to touch it.The next time I 'm in the market , I 'll definitely be getting another one of these .
 the product is great , exactly what I expected . I mounted my 22 &#34; tv and had no problems making the adjustments to counter balance . Would highly recommend .
 I have four monitors - two of them widescreen - for two computers , on a 6 X 4 foot desk . That pretty much meant that the desk is all monitors , with a little room in front for keyboards and mice , and , if I keep it uncluttered , some room for a pad of paper . Cleaning it was a nightmare , with all the dust and small clutter piling up around the monitor bases , no access behind them , etc. . I bought four of these arms , and since they hover over the surface , I can slide the keyboard underneath and have more room for other work . Cleaning is a breeze , just push all four up in the air and get to it . Best of all , I 'm not bound by the four-in-a-row side by side arrangement ; I can stack them , stagger them , turn them , whatever I need . The sheer amount of desk real-estate it opens up in a tight office makes the cost of these seem trivial by comparison to remodeling to make more space . And the ability to face them any which way is a luxury beyond what I expected , since I commonly move from one computer to the other during my day.They 're sturdily built , they have a feeling of substance and quality when assembling them . Assembly is easy , took about 20 minutes each , including the pain in the butt of getting under and around the desk to clamp them on -LRB- an unavoidable difficulty -RRB- . A few minor drawbacks that do n't take any stars off my rating , but that are worth considering
 I like these pens much better than the traditional thicker pens ... but the compromise is how fast they go dry . If you use alot , just be prepared to have extras .
 Finally , I do n't mind using my white board . No headaches from the fumes and the fine tip makes it neater to write with
 . Purchased April 9th , 2012 for $ 5.49 . I never thought I 'd write a review about dry erase markers . I thought a marker is a marker -- not so . These erase soooooooooooo much easier than other markers I 've used . I will definitely be sticking with these in future . We are big on dry erase boards around our house and sometimes we 've found it hard to get markers to erase . I 've left writings with these markers up for weeks and then still simply wiped them away without any elbow grease . GREAT !!!!!!
 My sons school requested that he buy these markers ! I use them at work and I love that u can erase the marks so easily !
 I had some old expo pens I was using and the smell that lingered five to ten minutes after writing anything seemed like a bad idea to be breathing constantly in my house.I bought these to reduce my chemical exposure - my hope is that there is actually less noxious stuff in here and they have n't just replaced the odorous chemical with a non-odorous but equally harmful one.I will say the odor is about 10x less than the original.Also , I read some reviews that complain that these leave a bit of smudge behind . I was hoping this would not be true , but it is . The smudge is not too bad , but it is annoying since the original wipes off 100 % cleanly . However , an extremely faint smudge is 100 % worth the reduced odor to me.I would like these more if they had no odor , and it would be nice if they did n't smudge . Otherwise , a great replacement for smelly dry erase pens .
 If your ever in Church and the pastor says to turn to this chapter , and you have to spend 2 days looking through the awesome book for the chapter , get these tabs . They will make a lot simpler and you wo n't look like a lost sheep when looking for the right chapter . Jesus loves you and these will make your life a lot easier if you have your own Bible . Very easy to apply as well .
 These tabs are great . Look very nice in my bible , very elegant . Easy access . Easy to apply . Received as stated .
 It took some attention to detail to get these applied properly , but I think they are there to stay . It 's really easy to mess up , so make sure to read the instructions and measure carefully cause if the tabs are crooked it does n't look as nice . This seems to be a good , sturdy product that will last .
 These tabs make it so easy t find the different books of the bible . They are great for anyone who ca n't find the book they are looking for . A must have !
 I love these bible tabs . Very easy to install and they look really nice . Took a little over an hour to get all of them put on . Directions are easy to follow . Thanks !
 These tabs are an excellent buy for one , and most importantly , they were easy to use in my bible .
 they were delivered fast . they are nice when you want to jump from book to book in a hurry , eve though I find the print on them rather smal , they still work fine .
 Easy to use , just a little time consuming . But worked just fine . Helps to find what you ar looking for when reading your bible .
 great , easy to use ... would recommend for everyone . . looked good and everyone wanted to know where i got them
 works great in my Bible . easy to find the chapters I 'm looking for . easy to apply on the pages . I would get this again for another book .
 It easily facilitates ones ability to locate scriptures when asked to turn to certain passages in the Bible . The label is visable from both the back or the front depending what direction you open the Bible . As you become familiar with the Bible you become aware of surrounding passages and that helps one move more quickly to that book .
 I got these for a friend who was having trouble finding the books of the bible . SHE LOVES THEM . I am thankful that people make these things .
 Since I received a gift card from a friend for amazon.com I decided to check it out . This was my first time ever using amazon.com and it was a very nice experience the material is very nice and good quality I bought a bible cover and index labels for my bible.I would buy from amazon.com again .
 These index tabs are great . I was worried that they would be too big but they 're not . These tabs actually compliment my Bible . Excellent price and I did n't have to wait long for them .
 I have just received my tabs through the mail , I must say that I was surprised to see how pretty they are . Not to mention they are helpful with bible page turning . Now my whole family wants some for their bibles as well .
 The Star TSP 143 is a great printer for the price . It is `` plug and play '' without any special drivers or proprietary software . It is easy to install and and can be easily customized for store logo etc. .
 I 've only had it up and running for a couple of weeks now , but it prints and cuts the receipts well and have yet to have any problems with it . Drivers disc makes setting up and installing a snap , and it comes with any/all necessary cables . It even comes with a mount for wall mounting , but in looking at it I 'm not sure how you would do that or even why someone might want to : - -RRB- Update
 We had ordered some wasp receipt printers and they are programed for their POS software ... we had to return them . We had Star receipt printers with our first computers back in 1992 and I remember we had no problems with them which helped me make a decision with all the choices out there . These new models were very easy for our tech to install and he made a special effort to tell me how easy they were to install . -LRB- We are still using our old 1992 custom made software -RRB-
 This printer is very compact , it 's very fast , looks very professional and works great ! I highly recommend this printer . RDE
 We are buying this printer for our Point of Sales . This receipt printer is working very well for all of our POS .
 This printer came in a box labeled TSP100 , I 'm assuming that it is the same family as the TSP143 . It is USB and works well , has auto cut for the receipts .
 I bought these markers to go with myBoard Dudes 11 x 14-Inch Plastic Framed Magnetic Calendar -LRB- 12032UA-4 -RRB- . I wanted different colors so I could tell at a glance what day bills were due , I had appointments or meetings and such . My only -LRB- minor -RRB- complaint is they are called fine point but still fill up the squares on the calendar , it would be nice if someone made a super/ultra-fine tip . Easy to clean and low odor , these are a must-have accessory for anyone using a dry erase calendar to keep the household organized .
 I love this PDA ... I just got it on Sunday ! It is very user freindly and I am not big on instructions LOL . I took my time reading the manual and I was able to figure out the Ming without getting frustrated . The only thing that I have n't learned to do is get picture text , being that it is a phone not quite like our technology here in the USA , I have to call Motorola and see if they can configure it do this feature . My cell phone company could n't get it after spending an hour on the phone . The phone takes great pix clear and crisp , you can also take a picture of a business card , you never have to type all that info again , and it is a flip . No more accidentally pressing buttons while the phone is in a back or your pocket that might drain your battery . The ringers are also loud enough for you to hear you phone if you are in another room , in your purse or work bag .
 I received the product on time , and it is working fine . That is a great cell phone , a lot of functionalities . I recommended it for all .
 I got this phone for mothers day is best present ever love the phone easy to use and the best part you could record a conversation and send it in a mesege too i got a lot of compliments whith this phone loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiit
 I needed some markers to keep with us for teaching a traveling class and these are just like the expo markers I have bought at office stores . They came quickly , work well and basically meet my needs and expectations for an affordable price . Some off brands I have used have disappointed me , but this brand always seems to work very well . The tips are great because you can write thin or thick and the ink lasts a long time .
 These markers erase extremely well . On boards that other markers tend to leave ghost trails these markers leave nothing but shine .
 These work great and yes no odor ! You can write thin or fat . I keep my tip down to always keep the ink at the tip and wo n't dry out . I do n't leave anything written on the board for very long so no non-erase issues with me . Really like the 4 color choices . Keeps things interesting for dinner menu , things to do for the kids for the day , or do n't forget tasks . Great Markers !
 I use Expo Dry Erase markers all the time for school . So far , these markers work great ! Dark color and erases easily ! Great product !
 great product as all Expo products are . Came very quickly , would recommend this product and buy again when needed . Maybe a larger pack .
 I was looking for business sized envelopes for a club I 'm in and found these listed at a very good price . When I went to order them the next day all that was left available was `` USED '' , and for even less money . I finally figured that the box they came in was used , not the envelopes ! I was right and Amazon came through again and on time !
 It is well built and works just fine . It is what I was looking for , and I am happy with it .
 The lock mechanism is okay . It operates very nice and doesent seem to have any flaws in it . It stays locked when I lock it . Of coures any thieve with time and a little effort could open this baby easy . It is better then a shoe box but it isn ; t a safe . The box does have key hooks below the money drawer and comes with about 10 plastic key rings to hook on the box hooks.The box is too small to use all the keys comfortably . I would want a box aleast twice the size if I were storing keys in it
 It is nice , I just put this on my wall in a very hidden space , took me 5 minute to hang it . Cool .
 Love this book ! It was so helpful . I work for an advertising agency , and always keep it at my desk . It is so useful to have and be able to look up terms so easily .
 Does the job and even had a foam insert on the bottom . I use the foam externally on the bottom of the box to prevent the box from scratching my shelf .
 This wil hold must have data to carry in an emergency.My fireproof secure safe is too heavy . This is just right .
 I do n't have any complaints . Seems that the lock would be hard to pick in a short amount of time . I keep my firearm in here . If I did n't have the keys , I 'm sure I could find a way to pry the box open to get the firearm . I 'd say that is n't a great thing . I do n't store any valuables in there for a reason . I am giving this 4/5 stars simply because it seems like it can be broken into fairly easily . Correct me if I 'm wrong please . I 'd love to give this item 5/5 stars .
 I 'm a college student with a few too many friends that like to screw around it me , so a lock box was sort of a must.I 'm not going to say that it 's perfect , which is why I give it a 4/5 , seeing as the handle is a little annoying and it seems really light weight . I would n't trust it against any thief either , seeing as I feel it would be a fairly easy lock to pick -LRB- or pick up , for that matter -RRB- . All in all , it does what it needs , and I would recommend this to a friend if they were looking for secure storage against children or friends . For really valuable items , however , I would recommend something more secure .
 I bought this box to keep personal items in . It 's not super-strong , and the key is a tiny bit weaker than I 'd hoped , but honestly , if you just want something kind of hard to get into that can hold your stuff , this is a great buy .
 The only reason I 'm even giving it 4 stars is because my safe came with a tiny dent on the top and a dust impression of a shoe . . Other than those 2 minor cons , the safe does it 's job . I already filled it up with a few items and the weight is pretty nice when your items are in it.It 's pretty sturdy and well built . Though I know if I drop it , my contents inside would get damaged somewhat . I 'm pretty sure anybodycan open it somehow with a hammer or a power tool . But for minor security , this gets the job done.I have it on top of my larger safe , -LRB- SentrySafe H3300 -RRB- I just bought this one for smaller things things I use more oftensince it 's a transportable safe . And before I got to bed , I put it right in the larger safe , Lol . Fits like a beaut .
 Not bad . I got what I paid for , and more . It has a good bit of room , and the padding is well made to prevent damage to items within . I 'd definitely get one again !
 I like this box mostley for its price . Although it does its job , the key lock is a little flimsey but nevertheless it does work . It comes with 2 small keys , and has foam padding on the bottom . I think your getting a good deal with this especialy with the price .
 I needed a new Security Box that was fire resistance . This is just what I was looking for . Great product . Thanks again .
 Great storage box . Definitely recommend it . I purchased two , and likely will get another one . Why are n't these boxes perfect ??? One reason
 I bought this box to secure some valuables -LRB- papers , pictures , firearm -RRB- since I live alone and only have visitors occasionally -- otherwise , if I had children , I would keep my gun in much better safe.This lock box is very good for the money ; very much worth the price . It is sturdy , has a firm lock -LRB- the key does n't jiggle -RRB- , and I 've dropped it by mistake several times and not so much as a scratch!Very good local security . I highly recommend .
 The product is good . But after I purchased it from here , I found one at Wal-mart and it is only half price of here .
 I love this product and use it for all of my bill information/checkbook etc. . It is sturdy enough , but not too heavy like the fireproof safes . It is good for keeping the kid 's curiousity at bay .
 It looks like an overgrown black lunchbox . It has a few pounds , you can feel the weight holding it the lock work is simple and it could probably be drilled or pried open pretty easy . I bought it to keep my gun safe and out of any underage hands . It holds my gun a few clips and extra ammo almost perfectly . It is perfect for transport to the range . But people should realize that if you buy this for documents , money and other stuff like that I would find a good hiding spot and rely on the strength of the box as a last resort .
 I use this for holding SS cards and birth certificates . You wo n't get a lot of stuff in there , but it will hold the important stuff . It is built well and is sturdy . If you want to hold full sized documents without folding them , get something bigger .
 I bought this for my daughter who was keeping her important documents in a envelope . I 've had one for years and like the fact that it is fireproof and has sturdy construction with a decent lock .
 This box is very solidly built.It 's not super secure but if you just want to lock away papers or some petty cash this is the box . I really love it . It also looks pretty good
 Nice lock box . Does n't weigh too much , like a fire-safe would . Keys are easy to use .
 this box is wonderful for keeping guns and important documents , money and ect.Yes it is not big and not very secure.I use it to keep my silver in there and other things
 I have wanted one of these and this is a good one . Very solid , plus foam liners .
 Works good for the price . I bought this item to be able to keep some ofmy items away from kids and nosy adults.This security box should n't be a container for money , weapon , or any important documentbecause if you want to you can break into this box .
 This is just what I have been looking for . A nice , well-built box to keep papers , cash , etc. . I am very pleased with this purchase . It is not a safe but I did not want a safe . I wanted something I could carry and safes are too heavy for me . This is just what I needed .
 Important papers or jewelryLock 's it up out of sight easy to hide in a safe place well madewell made key lock
 I like this box . I use it store my passport , some unused credit cards , a bit of cash , etc. . It stows nicely on a shelf in the closet . An 8.5 x 11 &#34; piece of paper wo n't quite lie flat inside it , so if you have a pile of business-size documents its capacity will be diminished a bit . Comes with two keys as well as instructions for ordering replacement keys if you happen to lose them both . -LRB- Could come in handy someday . -RRB-
 4 stars because it works as a stationary safe to keep nosey people out of . I do n't expect this item to prevent theifs from breaking into it though.I did n't give 5 stars because when using the handle to transport the device the items inside bang up on the under lid where there is no foam protection making a lot of noise . I do n't mind the items moving around insecurely but I do n't need them making noise every time I transport the box from point A to point B.All in all it keeps nosey people out of my belongings . Thanks !
 The box has a good size to store some money for emergencies , jewelry , gun , USB drive , portable hard drive , important documents such as passport , social security card , birth certificate , etc. . . I keep a backup of my pictures and home movies on a portable hard drive and I scan my important documents into a USB drive which I know keep in this box . The pad inside help prevent your items from getting scratched as long as you keep the box flat , do n't use the handle to carry it . The box is fire resistant , so you get some level of protection and piece of mind . However , the product description states
 Good lock box for small items like medications , documents etc. . Good price and not available locally . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 I 've had `` First Alert '' boxes before , but this one by far is my favorite . Single key lock on top of box , lid flips up , and what you have stored is right there available to you . My wife and I are both handicapped , and I keep our medications locked in it . It is lightweight , and easy to maneuver around . I make everything fit , than the whole works fits right inside any normal sized drawer . Most reasonably priced , and seems to be the best `` First Alert '' I 've had so far .
 I received this lockbox for Xmas , as my Mom and Dad got fed up with me not having all of my knifes in one location . As a collector , i tried to keep them -LRB- somewhat -RRB- together , to no avail . As I collect tactical knives , not fantasy ones , this box is perfect , because they are n't for show , but prolonged use by police , military , and civilians alike , and any other ` display box ' would have a glass front , witch i would be very prone to breaking asap . i attached the keys to the handle using some airline wire -LRB- 1500lbs test -RRB- so i know i wont loose them . I liked that it came with the foam liner , more protection for my knives . Overall , i think this box will last years , even with me unlocking it every day or so to get my EDC knife . Hope this helps !
 With Banks constantly raising the rates for safety deposit boxes I 'd finally had enough.Needing a place to store documents that are too important to lose in case of a fire or other disaster I looked to Amazon for help.After looking over several security boxes I chose the First Alert 3031F box.It 's just what I needed and looks like it will do the job.It 's small and sturdy and the lock works fine.Hopefully I will never meet with a disaster but if I do I feel safe that important info is safely stored .
 I keep this at work for my personal papers etc. . It is the perfect size to tuck in a file drawer or under your desk . The construction is very solid . It has 2 keys which is nice as I have a tendency to misplace keys . Yes I would recommend that you buy this box . Good Luck .
 The lockbox is spacious and the walls are thick . The keys are n't flimsy , and there is nice padding on the floor to protect delicate items .
 The lock box is just the right size . It is not too heavy for me to lift and it is easy for me to use .
 It delivers what it promises a nice firm box with a lock . Although I manage to scratch it easily with it 's own key within 5 sec , to me it does n't matter . The item did it 's job for it 's price and I am over all satisfied . It has good amount of space and looks somewhat nice !
 Already being an owner of two of these security boxes , my uses required two more . However , I could n't locate any in my home town exactly like these . The newer ones on the market have way too much plastic on the exterior and the inside demensions have shrank so much that they are n't feasible for what I need . Honeywell always had great products -LRB- my opinion -RRB- , but their newer security boxes are such a disappoinment that I wo n't even consider purchasing any . Finding them on Amazon was great , as I LOVE this type for my needs and they are exactly what I already use ! Thanks Amazon !!! I will continue to shop here !
 I performed a Yahoo Shopping ! search for this LASER photo paper because I had used it before and wanted more . Yahoo directed me to Amazon.com who , in turn , connected me with a merchant that would fulfill my need.When my order arrived , it had been filled with glossy INKJET photo paper . This paper would ruin my color LASER printer if used . When I phoned the merchant involved , I was advised that they did n't even stock the item I 'd ordered and Amazon.com advertised.Ultimately , I purchased the Laser paper under review directly from Konica-Minolta -LRB- at the same price advertised by Amazon.com -RRB- . I 'm quite satisfied with Konica-Minolta , their service , and their price . This is a good product for laser printer users ; it 's just hard to find .
 I love these pens !! I used to be able to find them in stores and got really upset when I went to buy them this year . I could n't find them anywhere . So I looked on trusty Amazon and found this great deal ... 96 pens for 18 dollars and change . I love this type of pen , so comfortable and smooth writing . I also received these pens in 2 days when I did n't pay for express delivery . I highly recommend these pens !
 I have not had any of the problems of the other two reviewers , thank goodness . These are the best pens I have ever used . I love the medium point , the color and the consistency of the ink . The tip does not glob up on me and the ink has really lasted a long time in all of these pens I bought , over 6 months ago . I did not buy them here at Amazon though . I bought them at Home Depot . There is one close to my home so I do n't need to order them online . But I go out of my way to find these pens . And I would pay a little more for them if I absolutely had to , so that should tell you that I like them a lot .
 I love this color -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , but I gave it 4 stars because they tend to leak on my hand when the ink gets low .
 These days , one does n't mark with red pen , and given the rate at which I lose pens , I wanted something cheap . These pens fit the bill -- occasionally one runs out of ink quickly , but for this price it does n't matter . Great buy.Update 10/25/07 Sorry ! By September these pens had completely dried up . Sent them back to BIC about a month ago -- per their all-inclusive guarantee printed on the packages -- but no response . Do n't waste your money.Further update 11/15/07 BIC sent me replacements ; said the stock was way out of date and that 's why the pens dried up . I 'd suggest Office Depot or Staples instead .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this shredder . It is not meant for heavy use but has stood up under the stress of reorganizing my home office . It is good value for money . It 's not mentioned on the instructions but the light sensor located in the middle of the top where there is a little notch needs to be cleaned now and then to keep it from running continuously . I use a cotton swab with a little alcohol .
 This works so well . I like that it makes little pieces instead of strips . It 's a little loud but it works great .
 This item was just what I needed to add to home security -- not too large -- but does everything the site says . And it was shipped in great conditon quickly !
 I 've had this shredder for 2 years now and it is still ticking . Only anoying thing is that the teeth clog up easily and are difficult to clean out . But it still shreds even when it 's fairly clogged .
 Let me start off by saying that I love gel pens and I hate ballpoints.One of my favorite pens is the Pentel Energel , definitely recommend it . About a year ago I bought PaperMate Write Bros. to see what was so good about cheap , disposable pens . Well , they crapped out on me . All of them required alot of pressure to write with , and after using gel pens for more than 8 years straight , it gave my `` atrophied '' hand lots of cramps . So I threw them out and vowed never to use cheap , disposable pens sold in 12 packs.A week ago , I left my pen at home for maybe the 3rd time in my entire life . My friend let me use her pen for the day . It was a BIC Ultra Round Stic Grip , and I was amazed by the smoothness of it . It barely skipped or blotted . So on the way home that day , I stopped by in RiteAid and bought it for 1.93 Dollars for a pack of 8 . It is the only ballpoint pen that I use .
 I use pens a lot ... all day at work and sometimes at home . In fact , at work , my documentation is pretty much with pen and paper and no computer . So , I 'm much more likely to use a pen 's ink up than lose it . Since I write so much , I appreciate a good pen . Since I work in multiple places and never know when someone is going to `` borrow '' a pen , I appreciate a cheap pen . This BIC is a good pen for both smooth writing and cheap . Out of all the BIC med soft grip ultra 's I 've used , I think I 've only had one where the pen did n't write that smoothly . If you lose it or someone `` borrows '' it , no sweat ... it 's practically disposable anyway .
 This is really to the dude who said the ones in Mexico are sketchy . I bought two boxes of 12 of these at a nearby Staples at $ 1.99 each and these pens are AWESOME . I use mine mainly for crosswords and after going through a bunch of crappy ballpoints , I can enjoy my puzzles tremendously . I bought the blue and the St. Patrick 's Day green . The green are gorgeous ! The blue are great for everyday writing , too . I have a heavy hand when it comes to writing so I prefer a truly medium point . I love the 1.2 .
 I got one of these at a trade show , and I came to Amazon to buuy more . This is a really smooth-writing pen that looks cool , too .
 I love these . I first discovered them when I was in junior high school , and I 've never found a more satisfying pen . They write boldly and smoothly , the first time every single time .
 Great pens . Use 'em all day long . Do n't know what I 'd do with out them .
 This phone ia attractive , sturdy and fulfills a traditionalist 's tactile joy in a `` real phone '' . However , the company sent me the wrong color phone and returning it proved to be too time consuming to bother . I am not thrilled about the error as it was the lower price for a preferred color -LRB- by consumers who generally pay more for it -RRB- , that was my reason for choosing this seller.Also , the first customer service guy whom I reached by phone was rude and inept . When i called back i got good help.The only quibble that I have with this basic , functional phone is the lack of adequate voice control . Many people tell me i am blasting them and to stop yelling or that there is an echo . . yet i can only turn it down slightly .
 I am not a cheese head , but I have spent so much time in Packer Land that I might as well get a Wisconsin green card . I started with Lombardi and the Pack before the Super Bowl One crew ... the Lombardi Packers are the creme da creme of Packer teams . I live 500 miles away from Lombardi , Wisconsin -LRB- Green Bay -RRB- but I display my Packer Backer pride no matter whether they win or lose . If you are going to be a cheese head , you sign in blood for life . Now to get a season ticket or just a ticket . Come onna my house ... I have my Windsock flying high . . you ca n't miss me . It is strong , durable , brillant colors and it is Green and Gold . Go Pack !
 I used this windsock to replace a Packers flag which is much heavier and puts more stress on the flagpole in a stiff wind . The flag also has a tendency to wrap around the pole . I am pleased with the Packers Windsock . Unfortunately , it did nothing for the Packers 2008 season .
 A four by six foot Expo white board has been on the wall of my office for years . As easy as the white board is to use , I still miss the look of the old slate chalk boards . Of course , I do not miss the messiness of the chalk dust that used to get over everything . I had no idea that there were black dry erase boards . Now , I have one ! I just received an Expoblack board and neon markercombo . I love it.The black board now sits on the wall above my desk . It attaches to the wall magnetically . I can write on it with the neon markers that came with the kit . They all show up well . It looks like the black boards that restaurants use for posting the specials-of-the-day . Post-it notes stick to it , as do magnets . These cute black boards can be obtained separately from the markers . They come in8 .5 x 11 inchand10 x 10 inchsizes.I tested the neon markers on the new black board as well as on my large white board . The neon markers show up well on black , but only the pink color can be read easily on the white board . The neon dayglow on black looks great . Theneon markerscan also be purchased separately.In the interest of science , I also tested thewhite board markerson the black board . I tried blue , red , green and black . Although , they are great on the white board , they are not at all visible on the black board.The one necessary item that did not come with the combo kit is an eraser Fortunately , I already had a standard Expoeraser . It erases the neon writing easily . A paper towel also works.Altogether , I am very happy with my new black board , the old white board , the markers , and eraser . I can not wait until they come out with larger black boards , so that I can satisfy my retro leanings with the new technology .
 I have used some other manufacturers ' dry markers , but I think Expo 's one is better . The lines drawn by these pens by Expo are clear .
 I have used this answering machine for more than 10 years . It 's the only one I 've seen with four independent voice mailboxes , each with its own access code and separate greeting . I use it to separate my personal calls from those for my small business . Tapeless digital recording with a battery backup to prevent message loss if the power goes out . Toll-saver feature rings four times if there are no messages and only two if there is a message . Mailbox 1 can have three stored greetings
 Kathi is right on the money . We love our 1545 . The only thing she omitted was that the 1545 has 30 minutes of record time -LRB- including the outgoing messages -RRB- . We 've looked occasionally for a replacement for our tired 1545 and while there are stand-alone answering machines with 30 minutes & multiple mailboxes , we have yet to find a telephone with integrated answering machine with 30 minutes record time and multiple mailboxes .
 The product was advertised as refurbished , but it was really in perfect shape . I had to return it because the situation changed and I no longer needed it . However , the folks at Barclay Enterprises were wonderful in their handling of it ; much appreciated ! I would purchase from this company again .
 Excellent product , better than most of the other brands.I had almost given up on electric sharpener until I saw this model.Only one caveat
 I have the main base and several extensions . This model works very well . The sound is clear and has very little static . The range is good but the battery is a tad weak . The units require frequent re-charging . I have tried many different cordless phones but I keep coming back to this model .
 Needed another extension and this fit the bill . Price was right , and it works with the other three phones . Just remember this is just an extension .
 These arrived well packed , and were easy to open and use one at a time safely . My cube now has more pictures of my kids than anyone else 's has of their kids , and these clips make sticking them to the wall an easy task . The colors are a bit first gen iMac-ish , so I guess there 's some nostalgia there . On the other hand , they are n't so bright that they distract from my pictures .
 Great price and awesome for hanging items if your office cube . Ca n't go wrong with this item , they work GREAT !!
 Very serviceable for clipping things to wall , with that shock of color to add happiness to the beige-ness of the cube world .
 At my old job I used push pins to tack things to my cubicle wall . At my present job I found that the cubicle walls were too soft to keep push pins anchored . Luckily , I found these clips on Amazon ; they work great . Just slide the two prongs into the wall fabric and clip any papers , pictures , etc to it . I even used a few to get all my computer cables off the floor and away from my feet . Plus my papers and pictures no longer have push pin holes in them . At about 40 cents a clip I consider it money well spent .
 These bookmarks are absolutely terrific . I 've purchased a couple with the angel charm and one with the heart charm all with a different colored stone . I was n't sure if they would be in gold or silver , but it turned out to be silver which made the color of the stone stand out more . I was very pleased with the bookmarks and could n't believe how great they looked for the price you pay . They look better in hand than in the pictures shown . Makes a great gift for any reader or for a journal or diary .
 These are the best bookmarks I 've seen . Good quality and really beautiful . I give them as gifts . They look like they should cost $ 20 +
 excellent seller quick shipment high quality . . would recommend , and use again and often thank you
 I used to use a pair of 22 &#34; Dell Monitors with my PC but decided to replace the PC with a 15 &#34; Retina MacBook Pro . Since I prefer a regular keyboard and mouse when I 'm working in one spot , I decided to try this notebook arm mount tray . I took one of my 22 &#34; monitors off my dual-monitor desk mount and attached the Notebook Arm Mount Tray . Once I got everything adjusted , I can drop the laptop , open , into the tray , and use the laptop display plus the other 22 &#34; monitor . Packing up in the morning is a breeze too.Hint
 This is a great product and give the users flexibility to have their laptop or CRT in a comfortable position . I just think it is a little bit pricey . I thik 30 % less price would be great for this product . I gave 4 Stars because of high price , otherwise as far as comfort is concern it deserves 5 Stars .
 We got two of these along with the Arms and we are using one for our Macbook Pro and the other for our ipad . They work great and it 's nice to be able to just swing things around and out of the way !
 This is , by far , the best laptop mount I 've ever used in any office set up . Coupled with the Neo-Flex LCD Arm -LSB- 0 -RSB- and you ca n't go wrong . -LSB- 0 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/Ergotron-45-174-300-Neo-Flex-LCD-Arm/dp/B000AMJC2K
 I am using this with an older Ergotron Neo-Flex LCD Arm holding up my 11-inch Macbook Air -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . I have never really used the monitor arm for a monitor since it was never strong enough to hold any of my monitors without sagging , but it handles the weight of the mount and laptop with ease . Both pieces are Ergotron brand but there is no reason that you could not attach this to any kind 75mm VESA mount.The package includes way more screws and tools than you really need , It also includes some wire and plastic dealies that I assume are for cable management but I have not used them yet.This thing is HEAVY for it 's size ; it is solid metal , not plastic , and probably weights more than the laptop it is supporting.After one day of use I have no complaints , it is a great way to repurpose a old monitor arm that I was n't using .
 Exactly as advertized at a good price . It works perfectly for my laptop . It mated up perfectly with the Ergotron arm .
 Purchased the adjustable arm and then this attachment for my sony vaio 18.4 inch laptop . Not only does the arm and attachment combo easily accommodate my laptop - what they do not highlight is that along with this attachment - they include very nice non-slip wide strips that you manually adhere to the attachment so that your computer does not slide -LRB- and they do a great job -RRB- . They also include Velcro strips that you can adhere to the bottom of your laptop and then apply to the attachment as well.With that being said - the little adjustable arms that come out to hold the laptop -LRB- and they adjust easily and without any issues -RRB- could have been made out of a little nice material.It is worth noting that I use an external keyboard and elevate my laptop - this stand/attachment is not for use if you are going to be typing directly on the laptop keyboard - I say that because the laptop will jiggle with every keystroke - never falling off , but it will give you a headache to try to watch the screen as it vibrates with every keystroke.Overall - I am extremely pleased with this attachment - I went into it originally intending to use the desk mount with a monitor and then just decided to keep my laptop as the monitor . Works perfectly .
 This is an awesome product , though it 'd work best if I had a rock solid desk . My desk wobbles a little bit and the notebook tray exhibits the same behavior -LRB- though this is n't the fault of the tray -RRB- . It hold my 13 '' Aluminum Macbook just fine . The rubber strips were a very nice feature ... you can tip the stand almost vertical before the laptop starts sliding . Ergotron rocks !
 I bought this tray along with the ergotron 3 monitor stand . Love it , I put two monitors with my laptop in the middle . Perfect for opening multiple applications and viewing them at the same time .
 I have 4 of the monitor support arms and two of these laptop trays . Outfitted the entire family . Love them .
 my 17 '' late 2011 macbook pro fits well . rubber pads as well as velcro for securing the bottom and other wire type securing devices gives you plenty of mounting options .
 This is a good general-purpose stand . Over the years I 've used it as a laptop stand as well as a book holder and mounting solution for a speaker phone so I can bring the phone up closer and then push it away when not in use . It 's designed for Ergotron 's other mounting solutions so there 's a big range of configurations you can come up with to use this.It 's not ideal for typing on a laptop because any sort of `` above the desktop '' stand is going to make the laptop less stable and it will bounce around a little as you 're typing -LRB- this has never been an issue for me because when used with a laptop I 've always wanted a raised display and type with a desktop keyboard -RRB- . This of course is determined by what you 're attaching the tray to as much as the tray itself . If the stand is stable then it will be less of an issue.It takes some work getting the adjustable arms in the right place and having them align since they 're independently adjusted , but this actually allows for more adjustment options in the long run . I currently have an HP slate 2 dock and a small wireless keyboard mounted to it and the arms can be set in such a way that I can undock the slate and pop out the keyboard effortlessly and then snap the keyboard back on the plate as if it was designed for this . Perfect for getting the slate up out of harm 's way on the desktop and bringing everything up to eye level , as well as getting my portable office untethered quickly.What is lacking in my opinion are perforations on the plate itself . It 's a single sheet of metal and it would be better if there were some more attaching options for longer term uses . Basically holes on the plate so you could strap in the laptop more securely or something similar . As some other reviews have noted putting a laptop in the tray is n't any more stable then putting it on a slanted metal shelf with two stopgaps and I would n't put this anywhere where it would be susceptible to bumping accidents . The product does come with velcro attaching options but I 've always ended up coming up with some type of `` strapping hack '' when I know I 'll be keeping something attached to it long term .
 I 'll never go back to tv trays , coffee table , lap , ... this tray and the other pcs that make up the entire notebook arm , is great . Keeps my laptop handy , adjustable , and it has all the air it needs so it wo n't over heat . I really do love this laptop arm , I bought 4 of them !
 I love the light weight and simplicity of this thing . I also own a good few other Ergotron arms , brackets and plates . It works as advertised and is of quality build . My only suggestion would have been little arms on the left and right -LRB- Like to two on the front -RRB- to prevent sliding off . Kind of an issue since my entire rig is attached to a mobile cart .
 I wanted to mount my laptop on a quad monitor stand instead of using a 4th monitor . This stand worked out perfectly . My laptop sits up high as I only need it for the power button and occasional CD/SD Card access . I have a remote keyboard so typing on the tray is not necessary . Besides the functionality , the setup looks great too .
 Our item came fast , was just what we were needing and was in the condition we were told that it would be . Thank you !
 I was so excited to see these available on Amazon ! They are the best , most comfortable and easy to use pens that I 've ever had ! The padded triangular shape makes all the difference - especially if you have a lot of writing to do . I have them in my office , my purse and in most rooms of my house ! GREAT pens !
 These are the greatest pens . Can not find them in any store now . The triangular pen holder is terrific to write with . I am a teacher and have MUCH correcting and writing to do . Everyone who picks up one of my `` pens , '' raves !!! Order was fast and great !
 I am looking for the Bic Smoothie pen in black . I rec ` vd a box a couple of weeks ago and I am willing to buy 4 more boxes . In fact I wanted to do this when I first ordered , but was only allowed 1 box . I am a nurse and do a lot of writing and these pens are the BEST . PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE , when you get more in -LRB- BLACK -RRB- I would like to be the first one in line to purchase .
 had this phone for over a year now ... works great . . I dropped it once and it came apart . . put it back together and has been working fine . Decent sound . . for the price ... I see no reason not to give this 5 stars . .
 The phone is stylish , has long battery life , large buttons and works great . Nothing fancy , but given the price and the current migration to sell phones , this is a great , if not the best , choice for a second room phone without an answering machine .
 The unit was ordered to provide a LOW COST phone for the garage . I have had the phone for less than 30 days . It is an excellent LOW COST unit . Shipping was prompt and arrival was on time . I would buy the unit again .
 I have purchased this Cordless Phone for second time . And the first one I have used for more than five years . Good Quality and long Life ... . excellent price .
 I 've had this phone for a couple months now and so far so good . I decided to replace my old phone when I need to get a new battery . The cost of this phone was almost less than buying a new phone . The battery life on this phone has been really good . Basic phone , but has good range and volume . Very happy with it so far .
 I bought this phone for one purpose , to connect it to my Magic Jack so I could roam the house and make those long distance free phone calls . The phone is great , everyone that I call says it is very clear -LRB- both Magic Jack and the cordless phone itself . -RRB- So I am happy . Again the phone is primarily used for out going free calls or overseas using the cheap prepaid minutes , anyone calling me normally uses my cell phone number ... so I have NEVER heard the phone ring!good roaming range , good quality , good price .
 The Park Enterprises Basketball Practice Planner program has helped me tremendously in preparing for practice sessions . I started using the program two years ago and have found that I can accomplish much more at each practice session because of the improved organization and selection of drills and other practice activities . This program is easy to use , and I believe it would be beneficial to any basketball coach in junior high , high school , or college .
 Great pen . Compact enough to keep it in my pocket all the time and flashy enough for meetings . However , I lent it out and lost it , making me regret the price . Guess I 'll have to wait to get another one for Xmas .
 Great product , compact light and the fan is extremely quiet . I think that it is easy to transport .
 I looked at a lot of leather desk mats before finally deciding to buy this one and I am very happy I did so.It looks and feels great , It stays in place and allows me to protect my desk from scratching . I use my mouse on this surface and it works great and feels great on my wrist when typing as well .
 Great paper ... beautiful prints . I 've used canon paper for all of my photos ... never been disappointed with the results are impressive . The cost per sheet is very low
 this is good paper if your looking to do crafts , it it good quality and the pictures print out so nice and colorful . i recommend this product to all .
 I used this paper to print images for a photography portfolio review . The reviewer loved the paper too ! Will definitely use again .
 This paper at first proved to drive my patience . I felt frustrated about the color quality coming out of my printer and was tempted to resort to glossy paper for my art prints . Blacks appeared gray , colors dark and muted compared to what I was seeing on screen . I changed my screen settings , changed my print setting , yet after four full page prints I was disappointed with the quality of what I was seeing . I was truly prepared to jump in with the gang of the one-star group , until I read the instructions -LRB- yes , instructions -RRB- that came with my paper . ***** THERE IS A RIGHT SIDE AND A WRONG SIDE ON THIS PAPER ***** If you print on the wrong side of the paper you will get results like those who rated this paper poorly . If you print on the correct side of the paper you will be pleased to find beautiful quality . Rich blacks , vibrant colors , and sharp edges.I printed the same image of a bee I drew yesterday on the front and back of one of these sheets and posted it in the images of this product page to show just how much of a difference printing on the wrong side of the paper can make . If for whatever reason you gave this product a negative rating , make sure you did n't make this simple but quite devastating mistake.The correct side is slightly smoother than the incorrect side . The right side is also much brighter than the incorrect side which is slightly yellowed . I know it will pain some of you , but the only way I 've been able to tell and double check before wasting my ink is by folding the paper over under a good light source . The difference is subtle , but it is there.Overall these papers are of legitimate quality . As for the fading of these papers I can not say , but in ten or so years I 'll give you an update . So far I see no problems .
 Great paper if you like a matte finish . There is NO sheen at all so if you buy this product be prepared for that .
 These bad boys are thick and sturdy , very bright , and contains the printed image beautifully.High Gloss Ultra Premium Professional Photo Paper -LRB- or any other of its 10,000 other names -RRB- might be the fashion trend with the status quo nowadays , but for me I prefer printing on matte paper any day.The ink dries instantaneously , and the colors , contrast , etc. pop out like no other - no more waiting forever for glossy prints to dry , no more smudgy fingers!I 'm not a professional printer , but in my experience nothing beats printing on matte paper , and these Canon papers are simply awesome.BTW - I live in Hawaii and all the big local office supply stores -LRB- Office Max , Office Depot , CompUSA , Walmart , etc. -RRB- simply do n't carry 4x6 matte photo paper anymore . The answers I get are like , `` oh , they just do n't send us anymore so we do n't carry them . `` I do n't even know who else besides Canon makes them , but it will be a very sad day if they ever decide to cease producing them.Don ' t let 4x6 matte photo paper go into extinction !
 I love the look of this matte photo paper over the glossy types . And fortunately it 's also the most economical . I use it for 8 X 10 's and pre-cut it to print two 5 X 7 's since Canon does n't make a matte paper pre-cut for 5 X 7 's . If you buy this paper , make sure you print your photos on the bright white side of the paper , or you 'll be sorely disappointed as some of the other reviewers have been with this paper . This is my preferred paper for photos .
 I read the review by L. Milaychev and could not believe he was actually looking at the same paper . This has a very nice , bright MATTE coating on one side and produces very high quality prints like all of Canon 's papers I have used . I actually use it in a wide format HP printer with great results . Yes , of course one can tear it , after all it is only 45lb paper . On the other hand , it is also not very expensive for a large format paper that produces such great prints . Canon also makes much heavier papers at a higher price , if that is what is desired .
 I have no idea why other reviewers are giving such bad reviews . As a graphic designer , I 'm extremely picky when it comes to papers and colors and I 'm so very happy with this paper . Wonderful for comps , the colors have been right on -LRB- I have a Pixma ix6520 -RRB- , and the texture is nice especially simulating wine labels . There are a few steps you have to adhere to , though that 's how it is with any papers I 've ever used .1 . Make sure you 're printing on the correct side -- the whiter side . If you do n't , your color will not look good .2 . Set your print options up correctly from within whatever software program you 're using.a -RRB- . Be sure your Canon printer is selected in Page Setup as well as in the Print Dialogue Boxb -RRB- . For Color Matching , I use ColorSync & Profile = Canon ix6500 series MP2 -LRB- matte photo paper 2 -RRB- c -RRB- . Quality & Media , I usually set to High , with Media = Matte Photo Paper -LRB- I also get great results when I leave quality on Standard , and it prints a lot faster -RRB- . My only complaint is n't about this paper , just that I 'd love a thinner version of it as well . Maybe there is one , I 'm still trying different stocks.I love Canon 's Matte Photo Paper ! Thanks Canon for a truly matte surface and excellent color .
 As an architecht I have to do a lot of printigs with hight resolution for presentations purpouses . This paper is excellent for presentations due to his very low price , mat finish , heavy weight and good quality prints . Highly recomemnded .
 Bright and durable feeling paper and at a great price . Now , why ca n't ALL brand name aftermarket products be this much of a bargain ??
 Fast service . Paper arrived exactly as described . Very good value ... Just what I have come to expect from Amazon .
 Terrific service from the seller.Perhaps it 's my lack of experience with matte paper , but the results are dimmer than with glossy paper .
 WELL I MUST SAY I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PAPER AND BUY IT OFTEN . WE DO SOME WEDDINGS AND WE USE THIS PAPER FOR MOST ALL OUR PRINTS . THE QUALITY IS VERY EXCEPTABLE , THE PRICE IS IN KEEPING WITH MOST PEOPLES BUDGET ALLOWING US TO GIVE THEM AN AMAZEING PHOTO ALBUM WITH MOSTLY ALL 8X10 PICTURES INSTEAD OF THE USUAL 4X6 . WE ALSO DO 4X6 BUT WE USE THE PHOTO GLOSSY II PHOTO PAPER SO THE NEWLY WED COUPLE CAN FILL UP THEIR PHOTO ALBUMS WITH THE 4X6 SLOTS . WE WILL CONTINUE TO BUY THIS PAPER .
 I use this size paper for stained glass patterns . It suits my needs well .
 This matte photo paper works very nicely with both my Canon printers , a pixma 4000 and 6000 . I prefer it to glossy paper in most cases .
 Great quality matte paper . When printing from my Pixma 4000 printer it renders the image a little less vibrant compared to using the semi-gloss paper or glossy . This is the nature of this paper . I use it for reprints of older period pictures to maintain an older look .
 I use this paper to print out photo proofs at events . It 's great . No drying time needed . The color comes out great . And it 's a matte finish so there are no fingerprints .
 I can not profess expertise on the subject of photo paper but this matte paper and the Canon IP 6700D printer gave incredible results .
 I would n't called it photo paper , i would say its more like a craft and art paper too much ink will make the paper wavy , and not enough ink will make it fogy .
 This paper works great for the purpose I purchased it for , which was having a decent inkjet printable paper I could print DVD covers on . The paper is pretty thick , about the same as cardstock , so it stands up well . Pictures look decent when printed on it , but nothing like high-quality matte photo paper . The cost is good for the amount of paper you get.The biggest downside to this paper is that it can be difficult to tell which side you 're supposed to print on . It tells you on the package to print on the `` whiter '' side of the paper . One side is slightly yellow , but it 's extremely difficult to tell especially in bad light . If you print on the wrong side , the print will look terrible because that side does n't hold ink properly.Just make sure you 're printing to the correct side .
 We use this paper cut down for 8 '' x 12 '' Digital SLR Camera prints . The paper is exactly as advertised . Too bad no one seems to think there is a home market for medium to large photo papers matting and frames in 3:2 aspect ratio .
 This paper enables very detailed colorful prints in a great size . Good Quality for your moneys worth .
 Whatever format you print from 4 x 6 to 8 x 10 , this paper captures all the detail without the high gloss of other papers . The colors are rich , the detail exceptional . It 's easy to view prints using this product because there 's no glare from local lighting .
 I am totally amazed with the qualities of this paper . Colors are vivid , tones are well defined no matter how subtle they are , and the details are so finely crisp you want to touch them to make sure they are not alive ! And the paper is very affordable . I have always loved matte paper ; now Canon gives me one powerful reason to stick with them . One very important note though
 This paper is the best ! The print is bright and sharp , without any sort of shine so it is perfect for craft projects . It is slightly thinner than card stock , and holds up well for making small boxes -LRB- matchbox size -RRB- , labels , and tags . It is easy to cut and punch , and with a bit of sealer -LRB- to keep the ink from running -RRB- it makes professional looking projects . I would n't use anything else . Given the fact that Canon has a load of paper projects on their website , I think that is the intention of this product rather than ` professional looking ' photos . If you are using this for your pictures , you might want to consider one of the other Canon papers .
 Went looking for this ... . after attempting to print pictures on high gloss paper . The high gloss paper turned the photos into a globby mess . This paper did the job .
 A perfect surface for small prints that need more than the &#34; snapshot look &#34; of the glossy surface.Also it matches perfectly with the larger sizes of this surface for inexpensive test prints .
 This is such a nice paper to make Christmas cards . Just add a picture which you can find on images and add some sparkly glitter and sha-zazzz you have a beautiful card . Sent them to my relatives and they loved them . I 'm sure you could make beautiful birthday cards also .
 I guess some people presume that photograph should look shiny and glossy all over . Non for everyone . I like matte finish . Also it 's has much more longevity-if you touch it with your sweat fingers it wo n't smudge as gloosy prints . To anyone who hates matte appearence I will recomend to visit museum with picture gallery . Do you see lots of shine there ? No . Glossy print may appear to be sharper-but it 's only appearence . Do take your picture in good focus and you 'll have exelent results no matter what paper matte or glossy . This paper is not waste of money-as a matter of fact , you save bunch of it buying this paper over glossy . Higly reccomend .
 After much research and shopping around , I bought an i9900 last month . I have been extremely happy with the picture quality and the speed of the printer . I learned with my last printer the value of using original equipment manufacturer supplies - the picture quality is so much better on Canon paper/ink in the Canon printer . This was my first foray into the matte finish , and my only complaint is that I have a HARD time determining the print side of this paper . The printed pictures are outstanding nonetheless .
 I was wary of this product after reading varied reviews , but many of the negative reviews appear to be based on mistaken expectations . In truth , everything I have printed on this photo paper is beautifully clear and vibrant , from photos to intricate graphics for paper miniatures . The results for graphics are especially stunning . This photo paper is not `` just '' cardstock , but rather cardstock with a special matte printing surface . Keep in mind that the glossy photo paper is also simply cardstock , but with a glossy printing surface . The matte and glossy photo papers are the same weight -LRB- 45 lb -RRB- so I do n't understand complaints about flimsiness . This is just the matte version of the Canon glossy 4x6 photo paper , which currently boasts a 5-star average rating.Things to keep in mind about the matte photo paper : - This is matte photo paper , NOT glossy . Do not expect glossy photos on this paper . - This is cardstock with a matte finish . Remember that glossy photo paper is just cardstock with a glossy finish . - The paper has a front side and a back side , with the printing surface whiter than the back side . - Printers may print differently on glossy and matte photo paper , so be sure to choose `` matte photo paper '' from your print dialog.This is a beautiful photo paper that yields beautiful photos and graphics .
 I have a Hewlett-Packard printer that has always given great results with my color and black-and-white photos . I 've been buying my printer photo paper at local department stores and have had good results no matter what the brand . Since I constantly seek `` more bang for my buck '' -- without sacrificing quality -- I decided to try this product.That 's part of the fun of shopping , do n'tcha think?Because of mixed reviews by Amazon 's value-savvy customers , I kept my fingers crossed when ordering this photo paper . I 'm not a professional photographer , so I did not do product tests ; I simply compared the photos to my previous print-outs . I can honestly report that my crossed fingers switched to `` thumbs-up '' the moment I saw the lovely , quality prints produced on this paper . The colors are so sharp , so true-to-life , I find myself reaching out to touch my beloved subjects ... little gestures of love that warm my heart.Taking photographs to treasure is part of the fun of day-to-day living , not to mention vacations . I recall once when visiting Nevada , my granddaughter Melinda taught me how to `` pump gas '' for the very first time . We laughed when she said , `` Oh , Gram-cracker '' -- her personal pet name for me -- `` I wish I had my camera . This is a Kodak moment ! `` Highly recommended ! Excellent results ! Great value!Reviewed by
 I bought several packages of this paper from Amazon for a good price . Using my new Canon Multipass 730 , I reprinted photos previously printed on my HP 930 printer . The difference in quality and color rendition was dramatic . I actually prefer this paper to the glossy especially with the big price differential . Give this paper a shot .
 Good bang for your buck . Very sharp and accurate pictures from my Canon powershot G5 and my Canon 9100 photo printer . Cons
 I highly recommend this paper . I managed a high end pro photo lab for 10 years and now that I am a hobbyist and like to print at home this is my favorite paper to use . Just be sure to load it in the printer correctly . If you print on the wrong side it looks very bad .
 I recently bought a Canon i560 printer and had some Epsonpaper . I tried 3 sheets and they all came out with banding.I was tempted to take the printer back until I read all thestories about Canon paper on Canon printers . Went and boughta 50 pack of Canon matte paper . First print that came out hadzero banding . So , there must be some truth to it . I printedthree pictures off in a row and they all came out great!Havent tried Kodak or any other papers , I think I 'll stick withthe Canon paper .
 I 've used Canon Matte Photo paper for years in my Canon S900 printer . The pictures are stunning ! One of the best features is that the pictures are easy to view because they are completely flat finish yet retain all the resolution your digital image can provide . Using Canon 's Easy-Photo printing program with the Matte Paper presets makes printing a breeze . Water will still smudge the print but fingerprints do not show and my oldest prints retain their excellent colors .
 I use this paper for my sons parties invitations and is great , pictures look good , colors are strong . The paper looks and feel like just paper , but the results are great . I have printed some pictures for framing under glass and the results great.Just do n't print on the wrong side of the paper .
 I use this paper every year to make my family photo calendar . The photos come out great on the matte side and the monthly calendar on the other .
 We have printed quite a few beautiful photographs with this paper . The images are accurate and none of them have faded . We were pleased and ordered more .
 Me dio buenos resultados para imprimir fotos en casa con impresora L&aacute;ser Estoy probando distintos papeles para ver cual resulta mejor en l&aacute;ser . Nada con brillo porque ensucia . El papel matte absorbe mejor el pigmento en polvo . Al final creo que ser&aacute; mejor volver al chorro de tinta .
 Paper is of high quality . I have been using it for many years . It does hang up i the printer once in a while .
 If you 're expecting the somewhat shinny matte paper that you get from photo shops , do n't buy this one -LRB- buy Ilford Premium Pearl Photo instead -RRB- . I was disappointed when I first openned the package to find `` regular '' paper . The paper has a brighter white and a little more weight than regular printer paper . Having said that , this paper produces beautiful warm skin tone and brilliant white compared to the Canon Glossy II -LSB- which seems to have a greenish tint when compared side by side -RSB- . Love the fact that I do n't have to worry about finger print . The only negative thing I can say about the image quality is that pictures appear to be overall darker than the glossy paper -LSB- especially in the shaded area -RSB- . Give this paper a try if you can get over the feeling of being ripped off b/c it feels like regular paper . Better yet , give Ilford Premium Pearl Photo paper a try and you wo n't be disappointed .
 I use this paper in my canon IP6000d and get beautiful results . I ca n't tell the difference from it and the glossy paper under glass . Another advantage is that the matte does n't glare . The Matte is n't as likely to be damaged when handled or stick in photo albums . I really like this paper , the blacks and dark colors look like velvet . I do n't understand the reviews that give it only 1 star . Perhaps they are printing on the wrong side or not using a canon printer . It is difficult to tell the printing side from the back in poor lighting but in a good light you can see that the back is a cream color and the printing side is very white .
 This paper offers just the beautiful , crisp , matte look I love in photos . I suspect many of the people who hate it are printing on the wrong side -- be sure to print to the whiter side ! Prints are instantly dry , no smudging . You can write on the reverse side ; pens write smoothly , and writing does n't show through . My printer is currently cranking out our Christmas photo postcards , and they 're looking great!I 'm so glad Amazon carries this matte paper ; I could n't find it locally .
 I have been purchasing this paper for years to use for everything from small crafts to posters for community and school events . We have a Cannon i9900 printer and this paper works extraordinarly well with this ink jet . The colors are vibrant and crisp . Blacks are saturated and rich .
 Buying this was my first adventure in using name brand photo paper . Although I 've owned a Canon Pixma 6000D printer for several years , I 'd been using glossy and semi-gloss knock-off brand photo paper to save money on my many printing projects . After deciding to spring for the manufacturer 's paper , I was thrilled to discover that this paper produces vivid photo prints every time . The matte finish means almost instant drying , and no smudges or streaks . For the extra money , I save time and avoid the frustration of having to tweak the printer settings to accomodate the knock-off brands . The one disadvantage of matte paper I 've encountered is that you need a very sharp blade in your rotary trimmer to avoid the slight fraying of the edges that will occur with a dull blade . A dull blade is more forgiving on glossy and semi-gloss , since they have a plastic-like coating , but as long as your blade is sharp , this matte paper will give you excellent prints that trim like a charm !
 I love the matte paper compared to the glossy and this product gives me great pictures ! I 'm sure some could argue that having a professional photo developing store would be better , but for the snapshots I take and the money I save printing photos at home , I am very satisfied with this paper !
 I also love this paper . Yes , I would like it to be a bit heavier but overall I think it prints great . I finally broke down and spent some money on a Canon pro printer and I love the difference in the Matte . It just seems to draw out the detail . Holding it side by side to a glossy -LRB- also Canon paper -RRB- it 's quite obvious that the detail is vastly superior to glossy . That 's my 2 cents anyways.And yes , just hold the paper up in the light . The whiter side is the printing side and it 's fairly easy to tell the difference . If not , ask your wife and she 'll be right 98 % of the time ...
 This photo paper makes excellent quality matte photos ONLY if you use the right side of the paper . I mistakenly used the wrong side and the photo was terrible . I redid the photo on the right side and the results were wonderful!You must be sure you are printing on the BRITE WHITE side of the paper and not the yellower side as already stated in an earlier review.If you like matte photos you should really like this paper if you use it properly .
 Canon photo paper works extremely well with my Canon i950 color printer linked to an Apple Powerbook . The 8.5 Mil thickness makes for better handling printer photos . When dry , the paper handles well and the qualty of the print is excellent . Other products I have tried seem to curl at the corners , show some signs of bleed-through - non of which happens with the Canon paper . Highly recommend .
 This is great paper PROVIDED YOU PRINT ON THE CORRECT SIDE . Please be sure to notice there is a bright-white side and a dull not-so-bright side . I have used this paper for many years to create my postcard Christmas cards . I 've received many compliments . For cards/photos that likely will be thrown away a few months later , it 's the best price for the nicest quality .
 I have been using this paper quite regularly . I am a graphic designer and I often print out proofs for my clients for logos , business cards etc on this paper with my inkjet Canon printer . The results are always good and the paper is heavy enough to be used for this purpose . My only objection is that the backside of the paper has a lightly darker tone -LRB- almost invisible , but it 's there -RRB- and when I need to print it double sided , I am not so happy with having a slightly darker paper on one side . But overall , I would definitely recommend it
 Yes , it does have two sides and you must use the correct side for success . If used correctly it is by far the best paper -- I have tried several other brands and came back to this one . I make a lot of my own greeting cards and use this paper to print my images .
 Great paper . Photos turn out beautiful -LRB- so far -RRB- . It is surprising at first because it does n't feel like the matte photos I 've gotten in the past . It is quite like a piece of cardstock but it 's sturdy and the photo looks great so who 's complaining !
 I recently received theCanon PIXMA MP560 Wireless Inkjet All-In-One Photo Printer -LRB- 3747B002 -RRB- as a gift , along with a package of this photo paper . I ca n't say enough good things about the printer or the paper . The photos come out absolutely beautiful . Every time I print a picture , whether it 's color or black & white , I am always amazed that I am able to print such a beautiful quality photo in my own home.As mentioned in other reviews , you have to make sure you 're printing on the correct side of the paper . The front is bright white and the back has kind of a dull , gray hue to it .
 After getting the Canon i960 printer , I had to try this paper . One it was cheap . And two , the diverse reviews here intrigued me to no end . After making a few prints on this paper , I began to think I knew why the paper was so cheap ... it was THAT bad!Then , when I came to do a review , I fortunately read the one that cautioned printing on the right side of the paper . There was a right side ? I then read the directions with the paper -- there is indeed a right side , and it is whiter than the back . It will be hard for some to tell the difference . But the difference from printing on the right side and the wrong side is truly astounding ! I 'm a big glossy paper fan , but there is a nice look to this matte paper . And it is MUCH cheaper than the Photo Paper Pro . It is also much cheaper than buying greeting card paper.But be aware , the money you save not buying more expensive photo paper will be going to buying more ink . Compared to glossy paper , this paper drinks ink . I 've been making calendars with it , and was shocked to see the way the ink was consumed . Yet , I ca n't see making calendars with any paper than this . It makes beautiful calendars ! I print a borderless 8x10 photo , using my Canon photo software on the bright white side , and a calendar page , using my calendar software , on the opposite side . The pages bind very easily with a 1/4 inch plastic binding comb . And as I said , it makes a strikingly beautiful photo calendar.Thus , if you have only one type of Canon paper on hand , I would have this one . But if you ca n't give up the glossy look for photos , it wo n't work for you . Personally , I prefer using Kodak paper when making glossy prints on my Canon . And Kodak has a satin finished paper , but there is the Kodak name all over the back . One of the great things about this Canon paper is you can print on both sides . But do make certain you know the front from the back , before printing a photo .
 I recently purchased a new canon printer and knew I wanted to order some paper along with the purchace of the printer . I love matte finish and had always selected this for my film photos . I ordered this paper with some trepidation because of the one reviewer that thought this paper was such poor quality . There have been some who have said it is difficult to tell which side of the paper to use , and this is true . There is no `` Canon '' written across the back of this paper . If you do select the ` wrong ' side of the paper and did n't realize it , anyone would be dissapointed and I do hope the one reviewer will return here and try the other side of her paper . To use the right side of the paper , hold two pieces of the paper up to each other . The right side to print on is the brighter white and has a very lightly textured surface . The wrong side of the paper is more yellowish and is very smooth . When printing on the right side of the paper the photos come out absolutely stunning . My printer came with samples of the photo paper pro -LRB- glossy -RRB- which is probably quite nice if you are a glossy paper person . It was n't until I could see my photos printed on this 4 x 6 matte paper that I could really appreciate the quality of my printer . If you are a lover of Matte finish , you will love this paper . It lets the photo grab the attention rather than the shiny finish .
 I have a Canon PowerShot G3 and a Canon S900 printer . I 've tried all of the Canon papers , and they all produce excellent output . I had been using mostly the Photo Paper Pro , assuming that the most expensive paper produced the best output . However , my testing shows that for most photos , I actually prefer the output of this Matte Photo Paper . I found that the color of most objects and people looks more natural with the matte paper . Best of all , this paper is less than 25 % the cost of the Photo Paper Pro on a per sheet basis . If you 're using one of the Canon photo printers , you definitely need to try this paper out . I think you 'll find the output excellent and the value outstanding .
 I use this paper with my Canon printer . It is so reasonably priced that I use it to `` proof '' prints before printing on a more expensive glossy paper . It gives good color depth and fidelity . The color fidelity is good enough to use it for a final print or as a preview paper . Highlights and shadows are good . I have n't had the prints exposed long enough to see how color fast they are . I have had problems with some of the Canon color papers when it comes to color durability whent the prints were exposed to light and L.A. `` air '' -LRB- smog -RRB- for even short periods of time . The particular problem was with blacks degrading over a period of only a few monthes with their Canon Photo Paper Plus glossy paper . Plain copy paper prints held up fine but I want to test this matte paper in the same conditions . If you ca n't hang your pictures on your refrigerator with magnets , what else is left in life ? Canon only tests for colorfast under glass and carefully evades quesions about exposed prints like the plague . -LRB- 4 emails to Canon Tech Dept. ... evaded answering my question specifically times 4 -RRB-
 Under incandescent light , it can be very difficult to tell which side of the paper to print on . I use a cheap , battery-powered blacklight . One side is very dull under blacklight , the other side is brilliant . That 's the side to print on .
 I am extremely satisfied with my purchase ! I 've never really cared for glossy finish photos and was happy to find this matte finish photo paper in the 4x6 size . It makes printing my digital photos easy and fun ! Especially easy with my Canon PIXMA MP750 All-In-One Printer !
 If you own a Canon printer , then this is a fantastic paper to have on hand all of the time . The print quality with my i860 is wonderful . Although not `` lab quality '' prints , I knew that going in . In order to achieve the lab results , get the paper that indicates that is what it is for . However , my photo prints have been fantastic on this paper nonetheless -LRB- using 5 MP Kodak digital camera -RRB- . The paper is nice and bright at 108iso and has a good feel to it.I ca n't rave enough about this paper and my only disappointment is that I did n't order more when I initially bought the Canon printer .
 I use Canon products from the first shot off of my EOS Rebel digital SLR to the download , into touch-up and finally , to an excellent full size print off of my Canon Pro 9000 printer .
 Another reviewer insists that this is not matte paper . I do n't know what that person was expecting but this looks like matte to me . It looks like thick paper and does n't have the glossy finish of the paper used to print photos . There is no trademark on the back like photo paper but only one side is white . The other side is an off-white or taupe but you could probably print on that side as well . I 'm using this paper on an HP Officejet 7000 and it works perfectly well . And it 's priced right .
 This is excellent matte photo paper . I have used it to print photos and cards . Text comes out very crisp and photo print quality is excellent . You wo n't get the same depth of blacks as you would for glossy paper , but the prints still look great.I have only been using canon brand paper on my Pixma as per the recommendation of others and it seems to be a good choice!Buy lots ! Great to have on hand !
 Snowed a few days before Christmas this year and I took a ton of pics of my kids first time out sledding . Printed the images with my Canon MX870 and was smiling ear to ear . I could not believe the quality of the photos . Picked up the pictures and no smudging at all when touched . One week later and the photos have survived my 2yr old twins and still look great.I highly recommend this paper for printing pics for family and friends.DBM
 The colors on this paper are just awesome . My only complaint is that only one side of the paper is good for printing . It 's the best matte photo paper that I 've found for my Canon printer .
 Pleased with the product , the vendor , the price ... BUT , THE PACKAGING WAS NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO PREVENT THE PHOTO PAPER PACKAGE FROM BENDING.PERHAPS NEEDS A STRONG CARDBOARD LINER
 It was exactly what i needed and they sent is ASAP . Now that 's fast service !
 I have been a fan of this matte paper for a few years now and it continues to work for me . It holds the details and shades well , carries the color and looks great under glass . I usual print on the 8.5 X 11 to proof before I print to the 13 X 19 .
 Matte , makes great photo prints . Not perforated - one whole sheet . Nice and thick , not thin like some . If you have a crappy printer , buy crappy paper . This is good stuff .
 The matte paper is OK but I would purchase glossy paper for a sharper image
 Some wear and tear from shipping and handling on the packaging containing the paper , though the paper was n't damaged .
 This pen looks great and feels even better ! It is the most comfortable pen I have ever used . If you do lots of handwriting , do yourself a favor and buy this pen ! You wo n't be sorry you did .
 Great , reliable pens that do n't dry out , do n't bleed or smear , do n't leak and are comfortable to hold , but best of all , they are n't scratchy if you hold your pen at an angle . They really are ` smooth writing ' . Great for left-handers especially . Fun colors in these packs . These ballpoint pens perform extremely well and last a long time . At less than $ 1 per pen , you ca n't beat the deal . I look for them by name because I know I wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've owned nearly a dozen Sensa pens and love each of them . I 've had a Sensa Minx for over 7 years . I 'm not sure what the previous reviewer expected in terms of size , but every description of the Minx states that it is 4.5 inches long . Also , I am a grown , adult man and the pen fits perfectly in my hand . I love this pen and would recommend it to anyone who wants a high quality writing instrument that looks and feels great .
 Substantial , well built , and the hooks have good spacing . Was n't excited about spending that much for a key box but it 's been well worth it .
 great space-saving option for your desk . very solid construction . easy installation but must follow instruction when adjusting / balancing the arm & monitor assembly . can handle my 20-inch monitor -LRB- check the specs of the arm of your interests as some may not support large monitors -RRB- .
 I am a big fan of Bic Cristal pens , which I find far superior to Bic Round Stics , and the Shimmers are really no different . It is the same caliber of pen -- sturdy barrel and pretty smooth ink . Each pack comes as pictured , with one green pen and three each of pink , purple , and bright blue . While these are not the most professional of colors , they are great for people of all ages who could use some variety but not appropriate for school work or formal business . They are perfect for my everyday use at home and at work , as I do a lot of revising/editing and note-taking . Amazon has each individual pack listed for $ 3.67 , which is beyond unreasonable , considering you can buy the same pack in any office supplies store or web site for approximately $ 2.75 each . This bundle is originally listed as $ 33.48 , or $ 2.79 per pack , which is still more than I 'd pay for a basic , cheap pen . When they go on sale , you can usually find Cristal or Shimmers pens for $ 0.90 per pack or less . I purchased this bundle of a dozen packs of 10 pens for $ 11.70 -LRB- 65 % off -RRB- ; 120 pens for that price is a steal.The only reason I give this product 4 stars of 5 is the construction of the particular pens I received , perhaps a defective batch mixed in with pens that are fine . For multiple pens within each pack -LRB- I opened up several to check -RRB- , it is very difficult to pull off or put on the cap . This applies to both ends of the pen . It seems as though the cap was made too tight , which I 've never experienced in the past with either a Cristal or Shimmers pen . That said , I can just leave the cap off so I do n't have to deal with the hassle . The pens write fine , with vibrant ink , and they are dirt cheap at $ 0.10 each , so I ca n't complain too much.Bottom line
 I remember when Bic came out with Cristal grips in assorted colors . I still have some of those , but they never wrote as nice as the Shimmers . The Shimmers are smoother . They are just like the regular Cristal stic pens , only they come in 4 cool colors . I 've been using these pens for years . I have a couple of older packs that still write well . I was using them sparingly because I was n't seeing them in stores anymore and could n't get replacements . I 'm not sure if those were made in the USA , or in Mexico as these are now , I 'll have to check the packaging . They write almost the same , just a slight difference.I saw these on Amazon on sale for $ 13.47 last spring , so I bought a box . I only just got around to opening a pack and trying them out . They are basically the same as always , with a slight drop in quality . The purple is my favorite , followed by turquoise , pink , and green . The purple seems to write the smoothest and is a nice deep shade in the older pens , but here in this new pack , it 's a slightly different shade . I have a few different purple pen styles by Bic and they all write differently . One thing that has n't changed is that the pink ink could be slightly darker . I 've always wished they would make it just a little deeper shade of pink . But it 's still nice and it is the best pink ballpoint pen I have.I had the same issue with the caps that the previous reviewer mentioned . The blue in particular were so stuck , that I thought they were fused together . They would n't budge . I get pain in my hands if I strain them so I had to ask someone in my family to unstick the caps . Even he said they were tight , and that 's unusual . I felt better when he said that because I knew it was n't just me . I hope Bic corrects the caps in the future . The older pens do n't do this.I rate it 41/2 stars because even though the caps are too tight and the ink could be darker , I still thinkthey are great . These pens are fun to have . They remind me of childhood in the 80s when it was the in thing towrite with colored pens . I guess that 's never really gone out of style , but the 90s saw popularity with gel pens , and I 've always preferred ballpoints . Today it seems to be harder to find colored ballpoint pens in stores . Thankfully Amazon was able to provide me with a large box for a good price . Recommended if you like color and variety in your writing .
 These pens are amazing . I grew up using them and was so disappointed when the big box stores and such quit selling them . I finally found them online and at Amazon and purchase them.The ink is very smooth , and it is like the Bic crystal pens - the only difference is the ink color is better !! The drawback is the price . At almost $ 4 a package it is a little too high for 10 pens .
 These are amazing pens . I highly reccomment them . They write very well . They are so colorful & are quickly noticed by others . I only wish they contained an &#34; orange &#34; !
 I need this for making marks . I feel this pen is easy to use , has nice color , very fluent when writing and is cheap .
 These pens are amazing . The colors are bright and intense and never fail . My favourite is blue , which gets even more intense as you continue using it . These pens made my writing and studying more fun .
 These pens are fabulous ! They write smoothly and the colors are so much fun . I highly recommend these pens to anyone looking for a bit of color .
 As a teacher I 've been looking for affordable yet quality pens in bright colors to use for grading . Affordability is key since pens always seem to disappear ! Unlike gel pens these pens do n't bleed through thin folder paper and can be used by teachers and students to write on both sides of the paper . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 For anyone else who likes to be able to identify people by the color of pen they use this is helpful because the color options that are out there are prtty limited , These pens hold up well and alow me to know which of my warehouse guys wrote what .
 I LOVE these pens ! They are the same great pens I 've enjoyed for years . I could n't find them in stores so I got them from Amazon ! Love to grade papers with them . They are bold and bright enough for students to see what their errors are . I hope Amazon keeps these pens around a LONG time !
 I am a college student and I love these pens ! They are amazing . They are just perfect for switching titles and emphasizing . I love using them for my notes : -RRB-
 Add some color to your life ! The regular Bic cristal pens in purple , pink , turquoise and green . What could be more fun or more reliable ? I love these pens . They are inexpensive , writes first time every time , dependable and add some fun to whatever project I 'm working on .
 Love these pens , love the colors ! Great for drawing , or note taking . Pens will dry out after a year , but thats to be expected with pens !
 Smooth writing pens in a variety of colors . These are my favorites to use when I write notes , checks , or journal .
 AWESOME product for phone service and wireless all in one . Great buy for the money . Excellent price . Many options for added security and/or gaming features .
 I had the service up and running within 5 minutes , did not need any installation other than plug and play . I was making international calls to the United Kingdom within the hour at 3 cents a minute ... Very impressive . I set it up so that it rings my cell as well as the home number so friends can find me with just one call . I gave it 4 stars only because I could not get a local area code number -LRB- Topeka KS -RRB- and set up a 1-888 number for local friends to call in on .
 Worked as advertised . wireless reaches my bedroom from the basement . Ethernet side was working within minutes . Vonage phone service was simple set up also . though still waiting to have my exsiting phone number transfered to vonage service .
 Very reliable and easy to use . Been using Linksys routers for over 13 years with great results .
 I have gone through several wireless routers of various brands , and this one has hung in there the longest . It has performed flawlessly for several years now . It 's easy and fast to set up . Took maybe 10 minutes . Range is good even in a big house . I use it for Vonage VOIP with no problems . And best of all , its reasonably priced .
 I 've been using one of these router for years in my home . We have several ethernet LAN computers connected along with several wireless laptops . Some times there is heavy and prolonged downloading so I set up QOS in the router and the vonage works great . On very rare occasions I have to reboot the router , usually due to voltage fluctations when we have thunder storms . Otherwise this router has been a real trooper .
 I 've had this unit for about 3 years . I think it works pretty well . It occasionally has some `` issues . '' Just unplug it for a few minutes and it usually resets and is OK . Overall good buy .
 This section is reviewing Vonage , not this product , so I thought I 'd chime in . Great is the word for it . Easy to set up . Good reception . Minimal problems . Goodbye SBC , FINALLY . I really recommend it .
 works well / linksys is the best product in the market today . period .
 Postings on other sites have reported noise problems with this unit . Noise is white noise , sounds like a hiss . I talked to a Vonage customer svc . rep -LRB- a capable one -RRB- on 3/25/05 about this , and he said the problem was caused by a faulty capacitor , which as batch of these routers were built with . This batch is no longer in production , and is n't being distributed anymore.Also , if you have another non-Vonage Linksys router that you 're replacing this unit with , the AC power adapters for Vonage routers are 12v , but for non-Vonage are 5v . I was too lazy to swap adapters , and was powering my Vonage router / w the 5v adapter . The router-part worked fine -- except the phone-part would never register with Vonage . Linksys should report this on their configuration page .
 I purchased the Linksys WRT54GP2 to set up a wireless network at home for 2 desktops and 1 laptop . In addition , I wanted to use the phone ports with Vonage service . The router was very easy to set up with the instructions provided . Even setting up the wireless security options was easy . I 've had my system up and running for 4 weeks now . The new Internet phone service and network operation is working great .
 It was exactly what was promised
 I was having serious issues with my network losing connectivity due to the Vonage Motorola VT1005V that came directly from Vonage when I signed up.Basically I was having to unplug the adapter 4 , 5 , 6 and some time more times a day . It was insane . I was able to get to my Linksys Router , and my cable company was able to ping my modem . But the adapter 's light was on solid , just like it was working correct , only I had no dialtone on the phone and no Internet connectivity . I 'd unplug the adapter and then let it resync and then it would go fine again for a while.I fixed these issues by removing a network device in my network and purchased the Linksys WRT54GP2 Wireless-G Broadband Router for Vonage Internet Phone Service . This combines the Vonage service with the router and I 've been running it for about a month now with no issues.To set it up all I had to do once it was connected was to call Vonage -LRB- from my cell phone -RRB- and have them assign the MAC ID number of the new device to my Vonage account , and right away I was able to use their service again.Fantastic purchase . I fully recommend this device .
 My armrest broke as well . Of Course I never had any other problem out of the chair besides some squeaking ... The Squeaks were fixed with a little lithium Grease . The Armrest made me think I would need to buy a whole new chair . I called the 800 # on the instruction card that came with my chair . . I presed ' 2 ' for Customer assistance . The lady that answered , seemed nice , she took my phone number , address and after asking what model chair I had . She sent me out a brand new arm rest for free . . Yes it is under warranty , but I expected more of a hassle . Thanks for the new Arm Rest . and if anyone needs the number it is 800-637-0005
 I bought this chair in 2005 and today I noticed the base has a crack by one of the wheels , I called the customer service number 1-800-637-0005 and they are sending a replacement star base for free . She was so nice !! They really do stand behind their warranty .
 UPDATE 10/18/12 : Because of the price change from around $ 4 to $ 8 I no longer consider this a low price as stated in the title of this review . While the usability of the pad is still very good after 8 months I must replace it because of surface discolorations -LRB- scratches ? -RRB- which make the pad appear dirty . Problem is likely due to the black color . ------------------------------------------------------- UPS delivery man just left so you might say I 'm new to this mouse pad : > -RRB- This is a brief review based on first impressions ; ca n't speak of product durability.The most important requirements I had were that the mouse pad stay put and track well . A secondary consideration was size since I did n't want a large one -LRB- seen some advertised at 10 by 13 inches -RRB- and I did n't want a skimpy one -RRB- . This pad makes no attempt whatever to slide around . It 's got a soft rubber backing and really knows how to remain where I placed it , unlike many of my previous pads.I 'm using it with both a Logitech M500 laser mouse and an old Dell roller ball mouse , 2 totally different mice . Surprisingly both mice track extremely well on this pad . That was my biggest positive first impression . The cloth surface has the right amount of friction to provide ease of movement yet good tracking , as mentioned.I have one bone to pick with the advertised specs on Amazon 's site and want to call this to your attention . The pad is advertised as 9.4 by 9.8 inches and .4 inches thick . Well , the 9.4 is really 7.9 and the 9.8 is 8.7 . Most important was the .4 thickness . It 's really about half that . I almost did n't buy it because .4 is pretty deep and could be `` spongy '' . Just be aware of these dimensions if size is critical to you . One reviewer commented that they hardly knew it was there . That 's my feeling as well , largely due to its thin profile . I 'm happy with the actual size and did n't allow my pique with the advertising misstatements to downgrade my rating.For $ 4 a pad I do n't see how any of you could lose by buying this pad .
 Soft felt like feel on top , does n't slide on desk -LRB- friction sticks it in place -RRB- . Comfortable , good to use with all mice , in fact I barley notice it 's even there . Good size , not a desk hog . Inexpensive is why I got it , but by the quality you would n't know it was that cheap . A +
 Great mouse pad , stays put , works with my logitech mouse and almost all mouses . Feels good to the touch , and is not creased or folded . The sizes of the pad do not fold up which is nice.Simple , and doesnt attached a lot of dust .
 Works with every mouse I have tried , optical and laser . It also stays in place and the mouse tracks perfectly smooth .
 Just the right amount of friction for the mouse - not too much like some that make the mouse stick - very smooth to the touch , but not so slippery as to let the mouse roll uncontrolled . The surface is soft but not cushy - not too soft or too slick . The backing does a great job of holding this pad in place also . The pad is much better than any others I 've ever had and for a great price ! Thanks , Allsop !
 Made from quality material . Does n't move around the desk . Does everything a mouse pad should.Worth the price .
 Great mouse pad for a great deal . Really is non skid , ca n't make it slide even if you tried -LRB- without actually grabbing it -RRB- . My optical mouse works flawlessly on this mouse pad , as opposed to some trouble with my older one , and it 's nice and thin . Overall , great purchase .
 It grips well and is large so I do n't find myself having to pick up and move the mouse much . The mouse surface does n't attract dirt or anything . This is definitely a case where simple is better .
 Pad does what i need it to do and is made of good quality material . I have had no problems with it .
 Office depot has a mail-in-rebate of $ 50 on this item . So you may be better off buying directly from office depot store.If amazon had such a rebate , it would be great . This rebate is offerred many times . It is valid till 06/11/05 this time .
 The Chair is fairly easy to assemble and appears just as it does in its pictures . It 's comfortable , and appears to be a good value for the cost .
 This chair is very comfortable . It has awesome features like a tilt control , height adjustments , and more . The arm rests are a little hard , but okay . Overall I rate this Executive chair 5 stars .
 I really like this lockbox . It 's sturdy , metal-lined in all the right places , and just the right size to hold all my files for one worksite . It 'll hold six inches ' worth of file folders . The locks seem sturdy as well and were easy to set . I had n't thought about it in advance , but there are probably lock mechanisms that would allow faster access ; it takes a while to turn all six dials to the appropriate numbers . But I like that the lock is self-contained and there is no key to lose . My favorite part of the box is the handle ; it has just the right curve and is very comfy in my hand . And the box is relatively lightweight for being reinforced , so it 's not too hard to carry my files back and forth . If I was carrying a heavier load I would want it in backpack form . All in all , I 'm happy with this purchase for the money .
 We needed a locked box we could store important files in during trade shows . This fits the need exactly -- it is lockable , sturdy , solid , easy to carry , and hard to mistake . We have had no issues with the box at all.It comes with a quality internal carpeting as well , so the files inside are n't damaged or torn by sharp plastic or metal .
 I did a lot of research to find a box like this . Everything at Staples and OfficeMax was not even close . This is a very strong and robust product , and of course comes with a combination lock . Its not heavy at all , and yet strong and sturdy .
 Item came in a day early . That 's always great . I 've just started using it and it seems pretty sturdy and fits all of my notary supplies and documents . The instructions for setting the combo were easy to follow . With regards to the other reviews that claimed the lock was flimsy ... I do n't see it as such ; it 's a $ 30 product if you want a safe then be prepared to pay for one . It 's not THAT easy to get into it will take some effort . Other than that i 'd say this is a reasonably priced product to provide moderate security for your important documents . I 'm pleased with it .
 I needed something inexpensive to keep some papers private , i.e. &#34; out of my children 's hands &#34; or anyone else who might wonder by . :-RRB- This works perfect !
 It is big enough to hold the items we need it to carry and durable in strength of being thrown around in our mail van to travel back and forth between our two site . Secure for the confidential items that we carry in it .
 Just as advertised ! Locks easily and is surprisingly light when empty so the file case does n't add to the weight of whatever you put in it . Filled up fast so I had to get myself a bigger one !
 I just purchased my second one of these . They are great for keeping documents safe and secure . My husband and I like them . I recommend them for anyone who like to keep there important documents secure . You get to also set your own combination too which is cool .
 Since I do n't care about the locks , I leave them at the factory setting with the plastic `` lock '' in place . This case fits my needs for a smallish , sturdy , portable solution for files for four organizations ; two businesses and two fraternal entities . I have filing cabinets for long term storage and filing but having a seperate , portable file box for active files is a very nice way for me to finally get organized and keep the files seperated . I try to stay organized -LRB- and usually fail miserably -RRB- , and these actually help me stay on the right side of the pass/fail line , as it were.Not industrial strength but not flimsy either , these file cases fit the bill very nicely.Oh yes , and just in case it is not clear from the above , I have just purchased my 4th case , one for each `` entity '' .
 This is a great little box , and easy to set the codes . No need to worry about losing a key , so it works great for our group where multiple people may need access . Holds a lot of files/papers , and is very easy to tote around as needed . I am very happy with this purchase .
 perfect size - love the combination option - I put the file holders in my desk and use the Personal File for all kinds of other valuable stuff - I doubt anyone would steal my `` personal files ''
 It keeps all my important files tightly locked up . It 's perfect for hanging folders . I might even purchase the bigger version of this to hold older important documents in storage .
 Recently bought this to tuck away my important documents . The small/medium size is perfect for holding enough but still fits easily in a closet . Great heft and solid locks . Wonderful product for the low price .
 This is a sturdy , well made box to stored importand papers and documents . It also has a combination lock .
 My grandson wanted a place to put his things so his younger brother could not get them , so I got this as a present . It is sturdy and locks and he is quite happy with it . Good size .
 This file box is the best for protecting and securing your files and other things that you might want to lock up in it . It is the best file carrying case i have ever seen and the locks on it are very strong and putting your combinaton is made easy with the instrutions that come inside the box . This box is chromed on every corner and down all the sides for protection . It could take the force of being checked for storage in the belly of the plane at a airport and not get hurt . Really it is worth more than what Amazon is selling it for because this box will last you a life time . BTW , the handle is solid chrome and feels good to carry . Wait and see when you get it the first time and also it has a place to put a reference card on the front of the box so you know what you have file away in it .
 Has features and specs found in more expensive faxes . Very user friendly ; easy to program using manual & LCD display ; Speed of transmission and faxing/printing is great . The ONLY reason I decided to sell and buy another one -LRB- still a Brother -RRB- was that I seldom use the color feature . If you do n't , the ink will dry up , and have to be replaced ... machine will not operate unless ALL ink cartridges have sufficient ink . If you want a good , dependable , all purpose Fax , Copier & Printer , this is a very good value for the price .
 Great product for the classroom . We use them daily to debrief our day and get ready to leave . Kid friendly ... great prompts ... love them .
 Sine all the reviews are on the 4800 , thought I 'd give a quick review on the 2800 . Overall this is a good machine . It faxes well , and receives well . However there are some downfalls :1 . One must use new paper , if you use scratch paper -LRB- pre-used -RRB- then it will tend to jam up and you wont get your fax .2 . When sending , one can not send a large amount -LRB- i.e. 23pgs -RRB- or they will get fed together . After I faxed 23 pages I got a confirmation of 16 pages sent .3 . Fax confirmation is by paper . There should be a verbal confirmation also so you do n't waste paper.In final , if you do n't sent many pages , and do n't mind using new paper to receive fax , then this is a reliable machine . Laser quality and toner price is good . Laser is the way to go for fax in my opinion . Also sleep mode is great , it shuts down after no use for energy saving.Update
 These folders are hard to find locally . Even you only had one ad for them , but they are exactly what I was looking for . -- Thanks !
 I bought this Prang Hygieia brand chalk because that 's what my local college uses . I 'm glad to have found this brand . It writes and erases very well , but I do n't know/care about the dustless part.This brand 's color assortment pack also erases just as nicely .
 I bought this chalk for my homeschool chalkboard and I 'm glad I did . It writes beautifully , I ca n't tell it is n't Crayola chalk . It erases beautifully . I 'll be ordering this brand from now on .
 Great chalk - highly visible , easily erasable . I 've tried their white chalk and it is very difficult to remove , but this is a great soft chalk .
 Thanks to Amazon reviews , I tried this chalk . You would n't think it 'd be hard to find chalk to write and erase well on a green chalkboard . Well , that was my dilemma . That is , until I tried this . It wrote well from the first letter . Unlike other chalks , there was no `` scratching '' on the board . The yellow looks bright from the picture , but it 's a soft yellow . All in all , a very good purchase !
 I emailed a question to the owner . The replay was immediate . I am most impressed with the shipper , the Brother fax machine and the way the fax was packaged . I highly recommend -LRB- stlouisdave@gmail.com -RRB- .
 I have been using this table for about 3 years now and I love it . I do however use it as a craft table but everything you get is great . I did n't think the chair was going to be all that great and it works wonderfully and all sizes of people have sat in it and they like it too . I like how the light is attached to the table
 This was a gift for my granddaughter . She spend hours sitting at her table doing homework and loves to use it for art projects .
 After making this same purchase from justmyshopping.com for $ 10 less and never receiving my package after 2 months and a worldwind of complaints I reordered from Amazon and received the package in less than 2 weeks ! So my first recommendation is to order from Amazon , even if it is just a little more . The drafting table is very nice for the price . Too me , it is a little shorter than what is in the picture so make sure to look at the actual measurements . Construction took me about 1.5-2 hours , so not too bad overall . I would definately recommend this product , especially for small spaces .
 I live in a studio apartment , and the size of this desk if just perfect for my portrait drawing and for the size of my apartment . I put it together myself , it was n't too difficult , but you might need two extra hands when putting the chair together , I managed , but it was n't easy . But it 's a great size , I really like it .
 It is everything that you want for the price you buy it for . The only thing I do not like is that it is made out of paper . I wish it was plastic so it could last longer but for the price I paid it was worth it . Its lasted a lot longer than I thought it would .
 Extremely comfortable pen ; too bad this brand has been discontinued . Be sure to stock up and take good care of your pen .
 Very happy with my purchase . This 6-compartment Organizer cleared a lot of space on my desk !
 The date stamp was exactly as it was pictured , and came in a timely manner .
 What can I say ? It 's a stamp . It stamps . Only downside is that a couple of the numbers are uneven , which occasionally makes it difficult to get a clear stamp when I 'm stamping a page on a hard surface like my desk .
 This stamp is exactly as I expected it to be , and works well in the manner for which it was intented . .
 This is a small but efficient little date stamp . Was all I required . No frills but gets the job done .
 Good pen . No complaints except that it can stuck once in a while so you have to shake it to get it writing again .
 Overall I like this pen . It writes smooth and dark . Barrel is comfortable and grip is cushioned . Sturdy metal clip . Solid mechanism . Reinforced metal tip . So what 's the problem ? The ink dries out at the point between uses . I nearly always have to get the ink started again on a piece of scrap paper before writing . I even keep a piece of paper in my checkbook for this purpose . Once the pen starts writing again , it 's fine .
 This pen is a nice smooth writing experience . I hate pens that you have to press too hard with , and this is definitely not one of those .
 Great for rolled quarters . They boxes fit exactly $ 500 of rolled quarters . Makes for easy stacking of coin and takes up a lot less room than coin bags .
 I have theFellowes Performance Thermal Binder Helios 60and I use these presentation covers . Mind you , you need to use a little common sense and should n't overload your covers or you will have loose pages that will fall out when you least expect it . I had a ring binder I was using before I obtained a Fellowes and that was easy . I seldom had loose pages or any that fell out , but any presentation work looked like a community cookbook.The trick is to read the directions well when you bind your work or else you 'll end up with problems . I know when I overloaded my cover the pages did fall out . I soon learned , that if possible , to divide my work between two binders if I was uncertain . When binding I also had to make sure that I placed my paper evenly into the cover and as far back against the spine as it would allow . Granted , I did make a few mistakes , but the results looked professional and quite sharp once I was done . My ringbound work is a step down in the presentation department and I reserve that for personal work.Problems you may be experiencing if your paperwork falls out of your presentation cover : * You may have exceeded the capacity of the cover . Check the spine size . Three hundred sheets do n't go in a 1/4 '' cover . * Your papers were not put in correctly . After you fill the cover , tap the spine on a flat surface before binding to ensure proper alignment . * Make sure that you have the proper time setting . An extended timer setting or one that is not enough will make your sheets loose or become unglued easily . * If you leave your work on the heater plate your sheets can loosen.The first time I bound a project , I ended up with most of it on the floor because I did n't follow the directions that came with my binder . I reprocessed one set of sheets and practiced a few times before my work came out perfectly . These covers work wonderfully , but if you 're not willing to follow directions they wo n't work as promised . If you do , they are excellent for any professional presentation .
 So sleek her skin , so faultless was her make . -- Dryden . I love the glossy aluminum plate with accurate and crisp measurements . This cutter is very thin and compact . Maximum single cut is just over 12 '' -LRB- about 31 cm -RRB- and the fold-out rule will allow you to cut lengths of material up to 153/4 '' or 40 cm . Material may be trimmed with reasonable accuracy to 1/16th of an inch or 1 mm for metric . At first glance this unit looks flimsy ; the surprising rigidity comes from the raised plastic ribbing on the back and the generously thick metal plate mentioned above . I was able to cut up to 4 sheets of standard printer paper with a single pass and up to 6 sheets with two runs of the blade with moderate force . If you need to cut any more than that amount , I 'd suggest a rotary cutter , but this is perfect for trimming pictures or just a few sheets . This cutter has 4 rubber feet to secure it to a work surface . The blade is just a sliver of sharp metal protruding from a piece of plastic that runs along the cutting path . Compared to rotary cutter blades , these replacement blades are expensive -LRB- $ 8.21 for two , at time of review -RRB- , but I find that the added accuracy , the sleek design and portability of this trimmer is well worth that reasonable cost for consumables . I am picky about the design of plastic products with an emphasis on how easy they are to clean . If I had to mention anything negative about this cutter , it would be the placement of the rubber feet on the bottom ; they are positioned exactly at the corner on the bottom , not allowing the plastic ridge surrounding them to be cleaned thoroughly . Little things like this bug me , because this design flaw is so easily avoided by mounting the feet about a cm away from the edge with no discernable loss of stability or function . I hope you find this review helpful .
 I got this as a cheap way to get straight cuts for scrapbooking and other projects . It has a nice sharp blade , cuts smoothly , and makes measuring easy . Replacing the blade is very simple . I do n't know how much abuse it will take because it seems like the arms might break under my typical use -LRB- dropping it -RRB- , but so far so good .
 Love it easy to work with . Safe for the kids . I would recommend it to all.its a great size . You an store it anywhere
 little expensive for the build quality , but meets my current requirement . I was able to trim the laminated sheets as required .
 I purchased this for my daughter as I love the one I have . Great for trimming pictures and anything else that you need to cut with a straight line .
 I purchased this cutter to help publish my Family History Book . It is easy to use , compact , easy to store and does the job .
 For a reasonable price , this trimmer does the job . I am not a heavy user ... just use it to trim an occasional picture . I did use it to trim 1000 reply cards for a mailing that my group did . The trimmer handled the job fine .
 This is what I was looking for . It 's good for personal use . It cuts about 5-6 pages of printer paper or 2-3 pieces of cardstock . It is light and easy to use .
 This is a very easy to use cutter . I use it mostly for cutting photos . It works really well . I wish the blades were a little sharper , but they do cut sufficiently . I like how the measurements are easy to use .
 This is an excellent home/office trimmer for small jobs . Cutting blades are replaceable but you have to be careful to get the correct replacement - there are two different Fiskars blades that look very similar .
 I bought this Fiskars Scrapbooking Paper Trimmer several years ago , and have been surprised at the nice quality for such an inexpensive price . I use this mainly for trimming photos , but have used it in the past for business cards , invitations , small cards , craft-related projects , as well as making small booklets . While you can only do a few sheets of printer paper at a time , -LRB- in my experience , no more than 4-5 printing papers -RRB- , it 's been very useful for simple , small tasks . I have always gotten a clean cut with this , -LRB- until it was time to replace the track blade , which is to be expected -RRB- . As of this writing , the track blade replacements are very cheap and easy to find . Replacing the track blade itself is very easy as well.The swing-out arm beneath it is a nice little addition , but one I rarely use . My only issue with this trimmer is that the clearish-blue track/ruler in which the track blade rests could be clearer , as it is rather difficult for me to see through when working with blank , white paper . I 'd give this 41/2 stars if I could , rather than the 4 star rating . Other than that small gripe , this trimmer has been a very handy tool and has served me well . Even with the small issue I mentioned , if you are looking for an inexpensive but nice quality -LRB- general purpose -RRB- trimmer , this is a good one to consider .
 I bought a smaller fiskars trimmer like 3 years ago and is still in good condition . I replaced with this bigger trimmer so i can cut an 8x11 '' paper . i like this products .
 I was looking to get some type of paper trimmer that was not too big to print pictures and then trim them to put them in frames .
 It 's a very useful cutter , but I only use it for specific purposes , such as cutting paper at angles for work projects . Face it , this is a cutter with a non too sharp steel cutting edge . If you try to cut large swathes of paper with it , it will jam and ruin the edge . For large projects , I use a cutting board , a steel ruler and a box cutter/cutting knife . For convenience and speed , for cutting single pieces of paper , this is what I use .
 This is a paper cutter . It works . Once I tried cutting 2 sheets at once and it worked again . Coincidence ? I think not .
 This is a very good papercutter . It has a very solid base to itand does n't flex like other brands I have tried . It makes very straight cuts.I use this with the heaviest card stock I can find . 110pd index card stock.It does come with a replacement blade , but I wondered about replacement after that.So I went to -LSB- ... -RSB- and found a replacement blade called `` TripleTrack `` Replacement blades . cost $ 5.50 + shipping $ 9.90 OUCH !! However they did work.I wish someone would of had them on Amazon . I would have saved $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ .
 this trimmer is great for us everyday people . i am not a tool snob . i love whatever is fast , efficient , and mobile . i scrap at home and at workshops . i usually have clutter when i am in a creative mood . this trimmer holds up WELL ! i chuck it around through my mess and crop like a mad woman ! i have used this and the smaller one for years but have recently gone to just this one because the 8.5 inch one sucked . it never cut straight . this one cuts straight because the arm/tracks are much more sturdy . i thought there might be something better out there so i went on a mission for 12 inch trimmers . i am a big creative memories customer so used theirs at a workshop and did not like it at all . i was disappointed that i did not like it . must have flipped open wrong , or did n't hold paper well . i just know it cut paper crooked . i also recently purchased two other new trimmers . the green and pink one from provo craft is ok but the arm is in my way because it only lifts up and the arm feels cheaper and wobbles . the other one is the new orange 12 inch trimmer from fiskars and i returned it the same day . the main reason is because the arm is made to swing on the other side , it opens up on the small side of the trimmer . IT SUCKS ! there is no room to work with the paper or scraps with the arm open over the small side . i loved everything alse about the orange one , but that arm was a big deal . none of the other fiskars -LRB- euro -RRB- open this way . so now i am back to using the classic gray one and am perfectly content . i will just stock up on replacement blades for the future . and another thing , i think the blades last for a LONG time . i think in the last 8 years i have replaced mine 2 or 3 times .
 I 've had one of these trimmers for about 4 years . I 'm still using the first blade , so if it ever gets dull I still have the replacement blade that came with the package . Only problem I can think of is storing this thing -- I cut the plastic blister pack in a way that I can put the paper trimmer back in the original package for storage . It 's ugly , but it works , and it keeps the instructions and the extra blade together with the trimmer , and keeps the dust away . It 's safe and easy to use ; I suppose you could cut yourself if you really tried , so do n't try.When I needed several small photos of students in a class , I used Adobe Photoshop Elements to merge them all into two 8x10 sheets . Then I had those 8x10 's printed for a couple of dollars , and cut them all apart to wallet-size photos , using my Fiskars trimmer .
 My experience with this has been overall very good . I 've got one that 's going on four years old , and use it for more of my scrap booking projects than I use my big rotary cutter for ... it 's much more portable for crops , and easier to just grab it to use for cropping a photo , etc. , than the big one!Cutting UP rather than pulling it toward you helps if you 're having trouble with wobbly cuts , although I rarely have a problem . Keeping it pulled to the inside also helps . And , most importantly , make sure you replace the blade when the cuts start to be ragged and less clean . The blades are n't made to last forever , but they are very cheap ! -LRB- Usually less than $ 5 for two -RRB- . Overall , this is an extremely portable , super cheap , and very easy to use cutter , fairly safe for children -LRB- ca n't cause any deep cuts -RRB- and if you use if with care -LRB- and practice -RRB- , and change the blade regularly , it makes clean and straight cuts.I rate it so high , mainly because I think you 're getting a pretty good quality for the price.If you want the best , and do n't want to have to be careful , get the cutterpede . It is a superior product . It 's the next thing that 'll go into my scrapping bag !
 i have had this cutter for at least 3 years . i am into scrapbooking and mainly cut photos and cardstock , which really dulls the blade . and sometimes i cut regular paper . it does cut 5 sheets of reg . paper at a time . but if you do plan to do this , you have to put more pressure on the blade as you slide . i have replaced the blade 3 times since owning this cutter . so far i am really happy with this device.where i am fustrated is when i am trying to measure something 5inches . 5 inches get lost in between the board and the swing arm ruler . Also , i hoped in the future models of the cutter that fiskar can design a place on the cutter itself to store the extra blade .
 This little item works very well , as long as you put enough pressure on the blade while youre sliding it . it will trim 2 pieces of cardstock at once , and very well at that . * SIDENOTE * - I just discovered today that the cutting slider button has broken off , and I have no idea where it 's at , so I guess now I already got ta replace it . Only had it around 6 months . Bummer !
 This is a truly innovative product . I used to own a large heavy duty guillotine type paper trimmer which did the job but was actually a bit dangerous . Too many times the arm fell down and could easily have caused serious injury.This little beauty though can sit on your lap and your fingers do n't go anywhere near the blade . In fact , you 'd have to really be silly to harm yourself with this.This is so great for cutting cards to size or trimming any piece of paper . It does a superb job of just about anything you care to cut .
 At nearly double the price of a knockoff at Wally World , this Fiskars product is about 10 times the value !!! Heavier made gives better control and faster cutting . I print my own photos and trim them myself to fit standard frames , and this device is as good as some of the cutters I have used in business at much higher prices than this.This is a good , safe device for home and hobby use . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I am using these for my business and they are perfect for sending small pieces of paper as well as CDs
 Needed a new wall phone for the kitchen . This phone is great . It was very economical , and has features like caller ID and speakerphone . The only thing that we were n't thrilled about is that you have to take it off the wall to replace the batteries -LRB- for the caller ID display -RRB- . Other than that , would highly recommend .
 I like this plan book and the flexibility it allows to draw your own lines . All teachers know your day and week can constantly change due to everything else that goes on in a school day . However , I prefer the old Rainbow Plan books that were horizontal and included literacy ideas along the right side of the pages . They no longer make those and replaced them with these vertical ones instead .
 Love this plan book ! There are pages for monthly planning , contact information , birthdays , and emergency info . This helped a lot for my first year of teaching !
 This works like a moouse with more buttons it is great everyone should have one .
 I use this remote with Vista MCE all the time -LRB- in living room -RRB- . The RF reception works great . I occasionally use it as a mouse , it does that part of the job very well too . Never tried to control over devices with it though.For Media Center , I would n't go back to my previous remote . The fact that this can be used as a mouse as well is a definitive plus . It takes some getting used-to to efficiently control the pointer on screen , but once you get the hang of it , it 's great .
 I bought this remote 5 years ago from ncix.com at 120 $ and it still works like a charm.Pros : Always works . -LRB- dropped countless times on floor . -RRB- It 's a very precise gyro mouse when you get used to it.Media center controls are great . I use VLC and i can attribute the buttons.Has lots of shortcut keys.Works with 2 AA batteries witch are found everywhere and cheap.Can control a *** wide range of devices.Range is amazing . I carry the remote in my pocket when i clean the house and i change songs with it from anywhere even through walls.Cons : *** = This remote works with codes for using other devices . The problem is that their library is limited and the remote does n't learn from other remotes.Also does n't control RF devices like my pioneer receiver witch sucks.Overall this is a quality product and anyone looking for a air mouse/mce should buy this one.NB , Gyration was bought so no more amazing products : -LRB- If they would have made the same remote but with remote learning ability , a keyboard and rf , this remote would be by far the best remote out there.Also if someone reads this and can direct me to a remote that has all the above , please leave me a comment thanks !
 I 've had this remote for about 2 years now . I recently have dropped it a couple times and lost mouse function as others have stated . It makes the high pitched whine after this happens but you can get it to stop if you tap it a little . Mine has n't done this falling on carpet , only when I knocked it onto tiled floor . If you are patient and leave the batteries in , it will return to normal operation within 2-4 days.Mine works fine for controlling TV . I did have the issue with not being able to program volume control to the appropriate button when in AUX mode , but you can program it to other buttons . I just programmed volume to be controlled by the up/down arrows instead.If you own a HTPC , this remote will make operating it much easier .
 I bought this -LRB- along with the matching keyboard -RRB- from Amazon in April 2008 , and it has been worth its weight in gold . The convenience of having a media center remote along with a wii-style mouse can not be overstated . It 's even better when you install the `` triple tap '' software from the Gyration web site -LRB- which lets you enter text on the numeric keypad , a la a cell phone -RRB- . Also , once you use an RF remote , you 'll never want to go back to IR - for instance , when turning the music down from another room . I do n't have a lot of components , but the universal remote function worked fine for my monitor - however if you want one controller for a lot of devices I 'd look at the Logitech line.In terms of durability and support , we used ours for a year and a half -LRB- including exposure to a toddler -RRB- and recently the down arrow started to get sticky . I looked on the Gyration web site , and was pleased to see they have a two year warranty . I sent the remote to them on Tuesday and received a replacement by Friday -LRB- we 're both in the bay area -RRB- . Needless to say , I 'm certainly pleased with that level of support!Great product , great service - highly recommended !
 Ordered this for a media center I recently built . Works great , even across the room . My only complaint is with the device buttons at the top -LRB- PC , TV , etc. -RRB- . They are somewhat small and tend to not work the first time I press them . Other than this minor issue I 'm quite pleased with the remote . I highly recommend .
 The mouse works great in this remote . Some glitches are that : occasionally , we have to reprogram for our other devicesthe mouse gyros broke , but we have three small kids , so that does n't mean anythingthe other devices are not perfectly matched up to the buttons , as the other reviewer statedHowever , we are ordering another one because the TV , PC control and mouse features are indispensable .
 Great price since the only thing missing was the box . Beautiful color and style and writes well . Love sensa pens .
 I have owned this pen in the past and enjoyed the smoothness with which it writes as well as the weight of the pen .
 Bought as a gift , my absolute favorite pen , the squishy grip is so nice . I highly reccomend it !
 The product was exactly as shown and I received it promptly , without any problems or delays . I like a Sensa pen and the last one I had was stolen from my desk at work . I could n't find the exact pen I had , but this model is very close , and I am satisfied .
 A very attractive pen , writes smoothly , it is light in weight and light in price.I found only one flaw
 I have had a vector pen for year . They write awesome . I ordered this new one , becuase i 'm a huge fan of the pen . It was shipped fast .
 After a couple of years of hard use we had managed to chip the white porcelin surface of our new -LRB- $ 800.00 ! -RRB- GE gas range in 3 or 4 places . I was able to fill these dings quite nicely with a liquid epoxy product from our local Ace Hardware outlet . But in a couple of weeks the spots , while still solidly in place , began to turn a yellowish off-white . Hoping against hope that paint technology might offer a way out I googled my chip problem and found this product claiming to be heat-resistant offered by Amazon . About six weeks ago I covered the yellowed spots on our range with a thin coat of the Super Glue paint.So far , so good . The spots are still pure white even though a couple are on the edge of the burner well . Since the biggest dings were on the front and side edges of the stove 's surface I 'm pretty confidant that they will stay that way - though I 'm hoping those that are much closer to the burner flames will stay white . Since I still have 99 % of the paint left in the tube I 'm hopeful I wo n't need it.I would n't expect a miracle with the heat-resistant Super Glue paint alone . The Ace brand epoxy I put on in the first place was very tough and a couple of coats filled -LRB- with careful sanding -RRB- the crater in the porcelin surface of quite nicely . The epoxy seemed to fill the cavity and the Super Glue provided a white surface.I 'll try to report back if and when the Super Glue treatment turns sour . Otherwise , will try to do so in six months .
 Had a crack in my porcelain sink . This helped fill the crack ; however , a bit of rust is coming through .
 I would have given Five Stars if this came in Black , to match my monitor and most monitors in the market now . But I recommend this to everyone ! So easy to attach even to my flat screen monitor . I had such a hard time finding this 19 inch size , and I travel between Asia and the US . I finally had to shop online and this is the best deal I found . For the price , I am so happy ... and most of all , my eye-strain and headache is gone from my computer use .
 Product was as advertised . Very simple to install and use . Was shipped in a carton that guaranteed manufacturer 's high care for the product .
 This installed easily but follow the directions to eliminate any air pockets . I had no problem at all installing .
 I had suffered for years with allergic reaction to computer screens this equipment solved the problem .
 I started using this glue for my crafts a couple of years ago on the recommendation of my dad . He does large scale model railroading , and builds his own houses from plastic sheeting . He uses this product for some pretty big jobs , as well as for repairs on pretty much everything around the house , including his trains . His stuff has held together just fine for years . It 's easier to use than regular glues of this type because the gel consistency does n't run - not to say it will sit exactly where you put it if you tip your item , but it will sure move slower ; just use your common sense . Odor is no stronger than the regular stuff . It dries clear and I have not seen any signs of yellowing or cracking in the seams of his houses or anything I 've used it for . It is water resistant at least as far as Dad 's houses have gotten rained on outside in the train garden and there was no issue . I 've used it to adhere seashells to glass , and pieces I have done as long as 4 years ago are still perfectly clear and none of the shells has ever fallen off . If you 're lucky , you can find it at Dollar Tree stores . But I think you can get it most anywhere .
 I recently bought a book embosser to help more of my loaned-out books find their way home . I thought using the labels would make the embossing stand out more , so I decided to give these a try . My embosser came with instructions that recommended another type of label , but these worked quite well . I do have to squeeze hard to get them to work , but they look nice . Then I just peel and stick . I have n't had a reason to try them with the printer , but I do like the way the work with an embosser .
 These are what you expect . They are shiny metallic gold foil starburst self-sticking seals . They work great and stick really strong . I use them on awards and I emboss them and they look super professional .
 Downloaded the template and now Gold Seals are on everything ! I would purchase this product again if I need more . Avery Products ROCK !
 these to have on hand when I needed a Notary Public . Then when my will was completed I was not able to locate a Notary that uses an embosser . No matter , I frequently use these seals on letters to fasten the envelope closed . I believe they add a little extra . They are very classy for this use .
 this is a good product . the service was efficient and product was delivered when promised .
 this is a great pen . I have it with the fine point nib and also the med . point nib . The medium point nib leaves a rather broad line and a bit too broad for my purposes . I am an artist and do ink sketches with watercolor washes so the fine point is perfect for this . The pen is extremely comfortable to hold . The ` plasmium ' grip is ADDICTING ! You 'll be thinking of ways to use this pen just so you can hold it . I also journal with it so it is very comfortable to use for long periods of time . The nib glides over moleskine paper and typical sketchbook paper with ease . I use Noodler 's Bulletproof black ink in this pen without a problem . The pen does have a little heft to it , but I like it .
 Sensa pens are just yummy to hold . The gel-like grip is unlike any other `` soft grip '' pen or pencil you have ever touched and moves and adjusts to your grip . Users of fountain pens are in the minority nowadays - one good ink leak in a shirt pocket or purse is usually enough to `` cure '' users permanently - but it is a classy pen . Kept at your desk , reserved for signing important documents , this is a sophisticated writing instrument that is as much art as it is functional .
 I 'll keep it short.Pros : - Writes well -LRB- smooth , even flow , good nib -RRB- - Nice lookCons : - A bit uncomfortable for long writing sessions-Plastic threads of screw-on cap WILL break eventually , allowing the cap to fall of whenever
 I have $ 800.00 pens ... crazy I know ... but I wanted another fountain pen and did n't feel like blowing hundreds ... and thought since I love writing with my ballpoint sensa so much ... let me try their fountain pen ... I got it for under 50 ... shipped QUICK and although the ink converter has some gue of some sort on it ... i wiped it off ... and popped in the cartidge plus u can carry a second one in the body of the pen ... easy to use ... ink drys fast ! -LRB- the one bought for the pen specifically -RRB- if you use ink well it might take more time to dry ... works great on my Koyoko books and everything ... I got the fine point nib ... PERFECT ... saved myself hundreds of dollars and can write longer using this and no muss no fuss with the cartridges just have to order a ton more now : P
 These are very red and nice.Perfect for Christmas , New Year 's and Valentine 's Day.Everyone should have red envelopes!It adds that special touch . Nice & Thick.These do not look cheap.They are high quality .
 These envelopes are great . They are very red and you can not see anything inside . They are also very good quality . I highly recommend them .
 I used these envelopes to send my poinsettia invitations to my exercise class for the Christmas party . They were fabulous and I highy recommend these envelopes .
 This item is very reasonably priced . It is being used as an offeratory envelope in my church . They are fun to use and print well on a laser printer .
 I use these brightly colored envelopes for important mail . I tell my clients to look for the brightly colored letter . It really works !
 Quality Park Colored Envelope , Traditional , # 10 , Red , 25 per Pack -LRB- 11134 -RRB- NICE BRIGHT RED ENVELOPS . A white label stands out nicely against the red background . And when received it begs to be open first . Made of high quality paper also comes with a pre Gummed Flap for those of you who do n't like to lick envelops . A nice RED that I would highly recommend for your mailing needs .
 This has been the perfect colored envelope to make my letters and mailings stand out in the mail box . Awesome !
 Fantastic fountain pen . Ordered the medium nib which is just right , smooth ink flow and great weight and balance . Beautiful in black with silver . Makes an elegant statement before writing a single word ! Highly recommend .
 The Sensa Meridian Pen is an excellent fountain pen for its price . It has a stiff nib with a consistent flow . The pen is weighted a bit heavier on the top when the pen cap is placed on the end , but still feels comfortable in the hand . The only negative aspect I can for see is the inside threading of the screw cap is a plastic/nylon mix somehow pressed into the inside of the cap . It seems as though this is so the cap can be posted on the back of the pen without damaging the pen finish or slipping off . However it worries me in that if the plastic threading breaks or wears down the cap will not stay on and the pen will essentially be useless . That being said ... it is an excellent pen for the money .
 The Sensa pens -LRB- specially this line -RRB- for me , are like the Dansko shoes ... . can not get enough of them ! Wish I could buy 100 of these and give them away !
 Great item and works well . Love Amazon and all of the items are shipped quickly and will continue to purchase in the future .
 I got this yesterday , it 's a nice little clock for the price.Pro :1 . Green LED , adjustable dim setting2 . Has a phone included.Con
 Great for the night stand . LOUD alarm -LRB- I am deaf in one ear , the alarm must be loud -RRB- , fine basic phone . For 17.99 it is great !
 AFTER LOOKING AT VARIOUS RETAIL AND ELECTRONIC STORES , I FINALLY FOUND WHAT I WANTED AT AMAZON . REGULAR STORES DO NOT EVEN CARRY THIS RADIO , ALARM , TELEPHONE COMBINATION . SO FAR I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH THE PRODUCT .
 For years , I toiled away at removing staples with my bare fingernails . Certainly , I thought , there must be an easier way ! But these sorts of things take practice ; you ca n't just jump right into high tech staple removing . You have to take baby steps . And so I began working my way through the world of staple removers and embarked on the Darwinian trek of staple remover evolution.Having cut my staple removing teeth -LRB- pun intended -RRB- on the old-fashioned claw-style staple remover -LRB- BAZIC Claw Style Staples Remover , 2 Per Pack -RRB- , I graduated to the `` ultimate '' staple remover -LRB- Swingline Ultimate Staple Remover , Platinum -LRB- S7038121 -RRB- -RRB- . Just when I thought I had reached the pinnacle of staple removing ease -LRB- after all , the word `` ultimate '' does mean `` the best achievable or imaginable of its kind , '' does n't it ? -RRB- , my world was rocked . ROCKED.I had not even begun to imagine the possibilities . I did n't even know what I was missing until I felt the sweet caress of the Stanley Bostich Professional Magnetic Staple Remover in my hand . Contoured to fit my hand , just like my Venus razor , with a comfort grip so that the staple removing calluses on my sore hands could heal at last ... how have I ever removed a staple any other way ? What sort of life of misery and drudgery have I been living up to this point?I 'll tell you
 I have been working on a scanning project where I have to prepare files for scanning . The files have many , many staples and this staple remover is the best . Not only does this excellent to remove staples , it also has a magnet that you can gather the staples up with as you go along .
 This is the BEST staple remover ever for teachers ! It makes it very quick and easy to get staples out of the walls for bulletin boards , and best of all there are no staples to pick out of the carpet when you 're finished .
 I did n't think I could fall in love with a Staple Remover but this is truely the best I have ever used . I keep a very tight leash on mine around the office because someone WILL walk off with it .
 Works great for gently removing standard staples from paper , magazines , or bulletin boards -LRB- much better than the `` claw '' style -RRB- , BUT ... the thin metal and plastic are WAY TOO FLIMSY to use for removing those heavy-duty paper staples -LRB- the kind used for 25 + sheets -RRB- , or staples from wood/upholstery , or those big copper-color box staples.It may be obvious , but to use the stapler you simply push it forward under the staple and the staple wire is gently pulled out of the holes -LRB- the INCORRECT way to use it is to stick it under the staple and try to pry it up , which can make a mess of your paper just like the old `` claw '' style -RRB- .
 If there are staples in Heaven , this is what is used to remove said staples should the need arise.As a former agent of an unnamed government agency , my sole objective was to remove staples each and every day . I had hundreds of stapes , if not thousands of staples that needed removal and this was the tool for the job . Not only did this staple remover slip staples off paper easier than a two-hook bra off a prom queen , but it had a magnetic attraction that kept the staples from getting lost onto the floor where they become one with the carpet for eternity.It was n't long before I realized the true potential of the magnetic attraction between the staple remover and the spent staples . With the power to collect staples at ease , I soon amassed a large staple ball roughly the size of a small seedless watermelon . Despite my pride in the creation of such a masterpiece , the office maid removed my staple ball ; possibly with a staple ball remover . Thankfully I was able to quickly build a new staple ball and store it for a later date when it will ultimately be melted down and cast into a staple remover . Irony ? Perhaps.As amazing as this staple remover is , it does have one major flaw
 I am extremely impressed with the results of this staple remover . I purchased it because of the positive reviews , and am glad I did.The tip glides under staples nearly effortlessly , and there is basically no friction encountered from the paper or the staple as it is removed . Less force required means the staple does n't fire off like a cannon on removal . Magnet is helpful for cleanup on anything that does n't stick in the grove , but those seem to be few and far between.I have used similarly styled staple removers , and this one is a cut above . For someone who removes dozens or hundreds of staples every day I could n't be happier .
 These Stanley Bostitch stapler removers were purchased to remove staples from a wooden quilt frame after using the staples to hold the fabric in place . They are easier to use and last longer than others we 've tried .
 I am used to the clamp-type of staple removers so really did n't know what to expect when I ordered this . Boy-o-boy , this is such a dream to use . Just slide it under the staple and move it up on each side . The staple comes off and stays on the magnet so you do n't have to try to find the darn things . I 'm very pleased with these and will be ordering some for gifts .
 My claw-type staple removers tear or scratch the surfaces of artwork . Thanks to all the people who gave reviews before I bought the Stanley Bostitch Professional Magnetic Staple Remover , removing staples becomes fun . I let my painting studio colleagues try it and they were all amazed by how enjoyable it could be to remove staples . It is handy and ergonomic , I love it so much it is in my purse all the time , and I ordered more to give to my painting colleagues.The company I ordered via Amazon.com did n't provide detailed shipping information , but the package arrived within the delivery time frame .
 One of my favorite things . Mine is missing & I 'm lost without it ! I 've had it for years , so of course I ca n't get one from our office supply store any more . I 'm really happy to find it here . One of its best features it that I can use it to pop the pulltop on a soda can without breaking a nail . So clever .
 We only had two of these staple removers here at work . I was told we can no longer order this item . I got tired of borrowing this staple remover from my co-worker , so I decided to go online and track this item down and voila ! I purchased it on Amazon.com . The only thing that was a little set back for me was , if shipping was 5-7 days , it came on the 7th day and I needed yesterday . I love it because it handles heavy duty work jobs and is ergonomically comfortable . I loved it so much I ordered 3 of them . Thank you !
 This staple remover works great !! I never knew this type of staple remover existed until running into one at a store several years ago . Several years and thousands of staples are taking their toll . This works just as well as the old one -LRB- also made by Stanley Bostitch -RRB- originally did , with the added benefit of having a built in magnet for getting staples that get away from you . That doesnt sound like a big deal , but it really works well at getting out the staples that just fell into your keyboard . I WILL be buying more of these for the office .
 This is the best version of a simple tool . Very comfortable , especially if you have to remove a lot of staples.The magnet helps keep teh staples from getting all over the place too . Highly recommended .
 The staple-remover is already a fantastic invention . Making it fit your hand perfectly and be magnetic ?? Brilliant!Cheap , simple , effective .
 This staple remover has almost all five star reviews because it is simply the best . The contour handle is easy to grip , and the magnet on the underside is very handy when removing staples near a copier or scanner -LRB- we all know how a loose staple can really mess things up -RRB- . But where this really shines in my office is removing large heavy duty staples . Lots of staple removers can remove a small staple binding a couple of pages . But only this staple remover can undo an inch thick document with one of those monster staples without destroying the pages.Once you try this , you 'll never go back to a conventional staple remover . This is one of those very simple tools that simply works great at performing a function that arises every day in a busy office . I also keep one at home because it is much simpler and more effective than other staple removers even for a simple job . I recommend this .
 Seems odd to even spend the time to write a review for a $ 5 item but wow - this staple remover rocks ! Really is helping to save me time on my scanning project at the office . Buy it !
 I got tired of using the old style staple remover when my last unit broke . I purchased several different products and found I liked this one the best . It 's very fast , comfortable to hold , and I stay in control of the old staples so they do n't get into trouble . It was also the least expensive of all the units I tested . Best product , lowest price - a simple decision .
 I love this gadget ! It does not only eliminate the hassle of taking the staple wire out but it also holds the wire with its magnetic power . Very handy and its shapely contour makes it more convenient to use . I highly recommend this product .
 I ordered two of these because the one I had been using for years broke and I wanted to have more than one to use for putting up and taking down bulletin boards . This one is a much better quality than the one I had previously . Very pleased with the sturdiness .
 Have now used this to remove hundreds of T50 3/8 inch staples from MDF . This Bostitch is stronger and easier to use than other staple removers I have used , and seems to be more durable as well for heavy duty work .
 I 'm very used to the old-style staple removers that have a pinching action to straighten and remove the staple , but this design is a great improvement . I saw some negative reviews , but I 'm sure those are because the person was using this tool wrong . It 's very simple :1 . Place the paper containing the staple on a flat surface with the top of the staple up2 . Slip the metal tab of this tool under the staple3 . Hold the paper down with one hand and push the tool forward with the other4 . Continue until the staple is removedThis tool is also magnetic so the removed staples stay in the tool until you remove them . A great design and I highly recommend the Stanley Bostitch Staple Remover .
 I 've tried every staple remover under the sun from chompers to designs similar to this and this is simply the best there is .
 At first you might try sliding this thing under the staple and levering it to remove the staple . But that 'd be a mistake . You simply have to slide the thing through the staple all the way until the staple comes out . I use my finger to stabilize the staple up the ramp because I 'm using it on fabric . But the shape of the plastic actually gently unbends the ends of the staple allowing it to come out without pulling or damaging the fabric -LRB- or paper if that 's what you 're using it for -RRB- great product
 Removes staples easily , I think it even has a magnet on the end . Would recommend to anyone who needs to remove staples .
 After reading al the positive reviews I bought this item . First I had to figure out how it worked . -LRB- very simple after all , just put the metal part under the upside part of the staple and pull forward -RRB- After I knew how it worked , I was really happy with this staple remover . I use it daily at the office and every time I use it , I use it with a smile ...
 Effortless operation , damage to paper either minimal or none . No sharp points ! Solidly constructed , with no moving parts . You should be able to slide -LRB- a thin -RRB- metal part under the staple for it to work , but I had only few instances when it was difficult . Also , I did n't find magnet feature useful
 I have been using these for years and bought this one as a replacement . I 'm often handed stacks of documents with countless staples and this staple remover just flies through all of them . The claws almost always tear the papers I 'm working on and this does n't have that problem . Also , LOVE the magnet ! So much easier to hover it over a mass of staples than to pick them up . Very helpful when the staples get stuck in the nooks and crannies of the copy machine . Only thing to watch out for is the coworkers who will be jealous : -RRB-
 I have MS and am currently having issues with my hands and fingers . While trying to get staples out of various cardboard coin holders I experienced extreme cramping in my fingers , because with traditional staple removers the process was both time consuming and difficult.So I purchased this Stanley Bostitch Magnetic Staple Remover hoping this one would make the process easier - and it is AWESOME !!! It makes getting staples out -LRB- even old bent ones -RRB- SUPER EASY - and it is even much easier for me to hold ! It even has a magnetic part to make cleaning up the staples quick and easy.Overall , I would highly recommend this stapler remover !
 My wife is a school teacher and uses this handy tool when she takes down displays and bulletin boards . It is a clever time saver .
 Item as described . Easy handle , do n't slip , steady . Magnet works just fine holding all the staples . Can remove heavy staples with no problem .
 I work in a file room scanning and pulling staples all day . This is the very best staple puller I have ever used . It fits perfectly in my hand . It holds up under pressure and does not split apart at the seam . It is also magnetic for those pesky run away staples . The only problem I have with this staple puller is keeping it away from co-workers ... had to put my name on it .
 Not to get too emphatic about a staple remover , but this little tool rocks ! A terrific design . I think the key is that they 've used a very thin , very flexible spring steel blade -- nicely shaped -- that can pretty easily slip beneath most staples , even those tightly pinched down , without tearing the paper to pieces . The handle is comfortable , and the built-in magnet makes cleaning up the used staples a breeze . Good value for the money .
 The first use of this product was an epiphany . How come this contraption was n't invented decades ago ? I have been using the clipper staple removal tool for years and that tool looks downright dumb in comparison.This product is simply superior . You will be able to remove staples faster , with less effort , and with less damage to the paper than with the typical clipper staple remover.If you are using the clipper , I suggest you invest small cash and get this product which will undoubtedly last for years , if not decades .
 I purchased this stapler remover because the only ones my work provided were the Jaws of Life style ones . I love it ! I works so much better than the claw ones and seems very sturdy .
 good staple remover for removing hard tight stables stapled into cotton or card board . does not tearup the cardboard or the cotton to where it could not be used again
 Our contracted office supply company no longer offers this as part of our contract and we love them enough that we were willing to wait until we needed something else from Amazon so the shipping would be reasonable in order to get a new one .
 I had purchased one of these for home some years ago . I like it so much that I just purchased one for work . So much better than the pinch type !
 This is the best staple remover ever . So much better than the other kind that pinch the staple out and rip the paper . This never rips the paper . The best .
 I HAVE BEEN FOR QUITE SOMETIME LOOKING FOR THE RIGHT KIND OF STAPLE REMOVER . WELL , HERE IT IS . THANKS FOR SAVNG MY FINGERNAILS AND NO MORE SOREFINGERS !
 As an elementary teacher , I am forever in the process of stapling things to walls -- which of course later leads to the necessity of removing those staples . So I figured it was about time to stop using everything else under the sun to pull those staples from the wall and buy an actual staple remover that would work for walls.I went with this one seeing it had good reviews . However , I had to wonder why in the world this thing was magnetic . Did it handily stick to my board or something ? What real perk was that ? No , the magnet just makes it that much easier to remove a staple . Trust me , it works wonders I never thought possible.I also like the handle . It looks nice and feels nice in the hand.Great staple remover at a great price .
 had received one for a gift and bought three more for other people who were borrowing
 As someone who has to remove a lot of staples daily , I would not live without this staple remover . -LRB- and do n't buy a `` similar '' brand either , stick with the Stanley -RRB- It removes staples with less force . It does not damage the paperwork like the older technology staple remover . If you work in an office and have to remove staples , own this one . The only thing , it will disappear from your desk so tether it down !
 I have arthritis in my left thumb -LRB- I 'm left handed -RRB- and regular staple removers are very painful to use . This staple remover is so neat to use because the pressure point is not on my thumb , plus it 's faster without slipping . I love the magnifing part on the back . Highly recommend for anyone .
 The design of this staple remover makes it uniquely useful for people who have limited use of their hands . The design allows the use of the palm of the hand for leverage instead of just finger power . Its magnetic tip is great to keep staples under control instead of flying everywhere.I strongly recommend it for an ADA or Arthritis Foundation seal of approval .
 This pulls them without biting me or tearing up my papers.BOS40000MBLK - Staple Remover , With Magnet , Black
 I took out a couple thousand staples with this before it broke . It was worth it though as I was reupholstering my dining room chairs .
 I have used this particular staple remover at work for the last several years , and I have not found another that can beat it . I finally went ahead and got one for home use ... not sure why I waited so long to buy one for myself !
 okay so i was weary of purchasing a staple remover -- but it does the job well and its not like you fling staples every where . and i wear acrylic nails so its nice not messing them up trying to pull staples for reports
 I bought 3 to compare - so I could buy for the full office . Items compared
 I use this to remove staples from bulletin boards , and occasionally to separate packets . I love it ! Great for teachers .
 I 'm a retired secretary so I 've used a lot of staple removers . This type is the best and this is well made . It does not tear up the paper and gently removes staple .
 I like using this type of staple remover over the Jaw type remover . It removes staples without damaging the paper and making big scrapes . All you see are the holes after removal .
 This is a handle tool and easy to store in your pencil holder . You can find it easy . We were always looking for the other one !
 Perfect for very hard work for working in supermarket changing tags . This one does not break while being used in daily work .
 So worth every penny ! I tried using the alligator teeth to remove staples but it was not quick and easy .
 I know , like the first time I saw a Rubik 's cube , I just sat and stared at this thing for about five minutes to figure out how it works . At first , I thought I received the wrong shipment
 For items that weigh less than a ballpoint pen , the cost of the shipping was more than double the cost of the items ... shipping for 4 cost almost $ 20 ! AND , this information was NOT available on the site at the time of the order ... only a combined shipping charge was available at the time of order ! VERY OUTRAGEOUS !
 I like how I can use this pen for drawing and other miscellaneous tasks . It is dark and it is waterproof .
 Simply put , this is a great fountain pen . I am a bit of a pen aficionado and have spent much time , effort and monies looking for that ` ultimate ' pen.The grip conforms to your specific grip . The fine point nib writes the first time every time . No skips . Use the ink converter and Noodler 's ink -LRB- available on Amazon in a rainbow of colors . The bulletproof ink is impossible to remove as it bonds with the sugars in the paper -RRB- I use this pen for taking notes for at least eight hours at a stretch . It never fails to write .
 Always keep a backup and this is the perfect fit . The rotary clicks slightly , the feet have good rubber grips , would ' t be without this one . I have one at work and one at home .
 The chart has enough room for large printed cards . We made our own cards - it was for girl scouts -LRB- not classroom -RRB- . Highly recommend it for anyone looking for this type of product - very sturdy .
 This was a great buy . I use it at work as a schedule chart , by inserting my own print outs . The kids love being able to help `` teach '' using this chart . The shipping went good with no problems .
 I ordered 4 of these mouse pads . They 're actually 194mm x 234mm x 5mm . They 're good quality mousepads , but they 're one inch smaller in height and width than described here .
 Still works and it is better than scratching up my desk . I 'd buy it again Still holding up since march of 2010 . Plain basic blue pad ! Great !
 I was looking for a plain and small mouse pad for my desk and this was perfect . Very inexpensive so I bought two ... very worthwhile !
 It 's a mouse pad folks . Decent color . Not huge but not small . Works well with my wireless mouse . Great price . Yup , it 's a mouse pad folks ...
 I bought a couple of these pads and they really adhere to about any surface . Why would anyone want to waste good money on some designer pad that wears out and becomes thin in no time ?? At this low price you should stock up and save . V. Godfrey
 I ordered this to use on my make-up table to put the brushes , pots of make-up , etc on so that I could keep the furniture clean and unscratche . I was surprised by the quality for the very low price !!!! I will order additional ones in the future !!
 Even though these are plastic , they can be used over and over again . I can label them and then pull the label off and reuse . With my paper folders , I could only reuse them to a point and then they just looked rumpled and not very professional . These folders always look clean and crisp ! I 'm not sure how many trees I 'm saving , but I know somewhere there is a tree in the forest smiling !
 Bright , primary colors . For those &#34; ancients &#34; among us who still do some filing , your papers can be delinieated by topic , designated by color , you feel like you 've accomplished something when you look in the &#34; drawer of organization &#34; . This is a one-time purchase that will never deteriorate .
 These folders are a bit overpriced but they are nice looking and appear to be sturdy . Have to wait and see how long they last before I know if they are worth the cost
 I 'm very happy with this product ; though not using it as a printer stand at all . I bought it to use it as a TV stand with DVD player inserted below & it works very well . The wood is solid with finished edges , not particle board . It 's sturdy and functional as well as a beautiful piece of furniture .
 Rolodex 82437 Wood Tones Printer Stand , 21W X 18D , Mahoganythis is the best printer stand/monitor stand I have ever purchased . It 's beautiful , sturdy and has compartments enough for all of my different paper needs -LRB- plain , labels , letterhead and photo -RRB- . I love it !
 This printer stand is well constructed , looks good , and is designed for optimal usefulness . When it 's filled with paper , it still looks neat , tidy , and the finish gives a rich appearance . I 've had similar printer stands by other manufacturers , which are not this sturdy , and the openings are slightly too narrow for regular paper . And what a bargain in price !!!! I can not praise this purchase too highly -- and I 'm VERY particular !
 I needed a printer stand to store paper for my new laserjet and found this . It was the cheapest one I could find on Amazon so I thought I would give it a try . When I got it , I was amazed at how nice it is . Its a little bigger than I expected but its very sturdy and looks great . Highly recommended !
 I am a big advocate of using vertical space in my somewhat overstuffed home office . Everything does not have to be on a desktop . It may seem ridiculous to rate something as simple as a printer stand , but I looked around for alternatives before I bought this one and have not been disappointed . Metal stands tend to have more `` sway '' and vibrate while printing and some reviews of the cheaper models reported damage in shipment and broken welds on the shelves . This stand is attractive , serves its purpose well , and is extremely sturdy .
 Pro : Was actually very pleased with the fact that this not only is a nice printer stand with lots of room for paper but actually looks like a nice piece of furniture.Worth the money I spent.Con : Arrived broken ! The top of the stand was completely broken off . We glued it and it seems to be holding because that was easier then trying to go through the hassle of sending it back .
 The Rolodex Wood Tones Printer Stand is a good buy . It was in great condition when I received it and it fits well on my desk . It is sturdy and looks like the picture . The only downside is that it can easily move even with the printer on it if you accidentally push against it . I think some rubberized tips on the bottom would solve that problem.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000J0ARBI/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 This printer stand looks great , is well made and holds a lot of paper . I use one the top left slot for new paper , the top right slot for paper that I am going to use again -LRB- to print on both sides -RRB- and the bottom slot for empty file folders and a reference book.The extra slots keep my supplies within arms reach , neat and organized . The cost was reasonable , a good value . Shipping was timely , the stand arrived a couple of days earlier than promised .
 The finish gives this stand a classy look . It is , however , a pretty big -LRB- wide and deep -RRB- piece so make sure you have enough room on your desk . The paper slots are decent , but I tried using them for envelopes and that did n't really work . But overall , it 's doing the job just fine .
 I have a limited amount of desk space and needed a place for storage of paper that I needed to have on hand . This printer stand is great it gives me more space without taking up `` floor space '' it sits on my desk it is great . It did not come with the plugin that is probably why it is cheaper priced but I did n't need that function !
 Too big for one monitor , too small for two . Check the dimensions on this thing before ordering . In the picture , you see the two small slots on the top shelf ? Each one can hold a ream of paper with the short side -LRB- 8-1/2 '' -RRB- facing outward . Still , it is well made of real wood with a nice mahogany finish -LRB- more orange-ish than red-ish -RRB- . Nice if you have mahogany office furniture .
 I purchased this for my office and it is perfect . I have it on my credenza and my printer sits on top and I keep &#34; pending &#34; files under . It is very well made and went perfect with my desk .
 Perfect for my printer and paper supplies . Two top shelves work great for letter sized paper . Large bottom shelf works great for legal paper .
 This is a great product . It worked well as a printer & monitor stand . I do n't have room for my printer on the desk anymore , but it works great on the floor underneath too .
 I ordered the unit to organize the paper for my Epson 2200 printer . Attractive and sturdy . I have ordered 2 additional to use as monitor stands . I had not identified an attractive wood monitor stand that will allow the keyboard to slide into the stand ; they were all too narrow for a full size Logitech wireless keyboard . The keyboard fits nicely into the lower tray of this unit . Note that is will raise the monitor 6 inches so make sure you like your monitor at eye level .
 THIS SIS PRODUICT IS PERFECT FOR MY NEEDS AND IS FUNCTIONING THE WAY I PLANNED
 Great product . Good value at a really cheap price . Sturdy and roomy . I love it .
 Good space saver printer stand , great value . I needed a low stand for my huge printer and this worked perfect , and it also looks very nice.The only problem I had was that there was a chip on one of the corners , but since the chip is on the back corner I did n't want to bother with the hassle of the exchange process . Other that this , a very good product .
 Very nice printer stand ! You will be happy with this purchase . Very sturdy build and will accomadate most home desktop printers .
 Firstly , it looks great but the packaging will fill a land fill . It is purely functional with a little cable tray in the back that is completely unobtrusive . This is perhaps one of the best purchases I have made for my computer desk . I love it .
 Arrived on time . This is exactly what I was looking for . I especially like that it comes assembled .
 It may not be battery powered , but its easy to use , functions incredibly well , and is as durable as durable gets . I bought this stapler instead of a normal sized stapler because it was the same price as a normal stapler , but is capable of stapling 30 + sheets of paper without any issue . Its bulky and heavy , but when you 've bought the only stapler to use between 30 kids , durability is key . Figuring out how to put the stables in can be a bit tricky at first , but after you figure it out once , its not an issue . Great Product .
 I bought this for my Sunday School class , and it 's worked out great . I teach grades 3-4 , and this was perfect to teach them about the Bible . Good-sized , so it 's easy enough to see from the back of the room . I 'm not sure about durability , as I had it laminated as soon as I got it -LRB- after I flattened it - it came rolled up -RRB- . Overall , great chart .
 I was looking for something even more simple than this one but I am very pleased to have this one . It is mounted on foam board for use in the Sunday school .
 My husband and I love this , so much my husband asked me to buy a second on . I want one for my Mpact girls group and my husband wants one for home .
 Arrived promptly . Looks great on the wall in my Sunday school classroom . It is very colorful and eye catching . It attracts the attention of the students which was the purpose I had in mind .
 The chart is just as it was pictured and the delivery was prompt . I am happy with this purchase and would order again .
 I bought this poster for my Sunday School class . The product is very colorful and durable . I highly recommend it .
 I truly love this particular chart since it breaks up the books in category they belong . We purchased another chart also , but this one , though not as fancy as the other chart is more acqurate than the other . This one actually puts the book of Revelation in a separate place of Prophecy . The other chart we purchased listed Revelation with ` General Letters . ' Not sure I can agree with that.This chart is so easy for the students to read and follow as we repeat over and over again the order of the books of the Bible . Understanding where a book is and why it is where it is located in the Bible helps when the student is trying to find a Scripture that is needed . It 's the general map of the Bible.Thank you and if you know where I can get postcard size with the books of the Bible , we 'd be interested .
 Even though these are plastic , they can be used over and over again . I can label them and then pull the label off and reuse . With my paper folders , I could only reuse them to a point and then they just looked rumpled and not very professional . These folders always look clean and crisp ! I 'm not sure how many trees I 'm saving , but I know somewhere there is a tree in the forest smiling !
 Bright , primary colors . For those &#34; ancients &#34; among us who still do some filing , your papers can be delinieated by topic , designated by color , you feel like you 've accomplished something when you look in the &#34; drawer of organization &#34; . This is a one-time purchase that will never deteriorate .
 These folders are a bit overpriced but they are nice looking and appear to be sturdy . Have to wait and see how long they last before I know if they are worth the cost
 It serves the purpose I needed . I am making small books and this helps in that process . It is well built .
 I am sure this will work just fine , I used one at the Board of Education Department . It truly helped with making folded booklets .
 the stapler came in a timely fashion and was exactly what I expected . It works great for the small 3 page booklets I had to put together . Easy to use .
 This little saddle-stitcher is a great product . I use it to make church directory booklets and have not had any trouble . I do use chisel-point staples to minimize jams . Overall , a great product for short-run work .
 I have used this to make small booklets -LRB- pages folded-2 sheets of 11x17 -RRB- and have never had a single jam with over 30 booklets made . I followed another reviewers advice and used the kinds of staples recommended -LRB- mine are Stanley Bostich Brand , Model SBS191/4CP -RRB- and they have worked great . These were older staples I had on hand from a purchase from 10 years ago , but if you have the right staples , this works great .
 We had a project at our office for a stair step book . This was great for creating a custom booklet . We had one of the girls use this to make 1000 booklets by hand .
 Purchased this for the office to bind -LRB- staple -RRB- together small pamphlets and leaflets . Works great , easy to use and I 'm not sure why other buyers are having issues with staples . I fortunately did not have that issue . Fast delivery and product so far has lived up to its promises .
 Shipped fast . Works great . Took the advice of another poster and ordered Stanley Bostich SBS191 staples instead of the staples Stanley recommends for it 's product and they work great without event even down to the last staple . Able to staple directly on the crease of crimped pages perfectly , the saddle design makes it easy .
 I was very pleased to find a reasonably-priced product that did what it said it would do . I had to put together yearbooks for our club and it performed very well . I used to own a small print shop and used an electric book binding stapler . For a small manually operated stapler this product works very well .
 I have stapled a bunch of booklets with it . Standard staples worked fine . I am perfectly happy with the purchase .
 This stapler was exactly what I wanted . It 's easy to use and simple to get the staples exactly on a the fold of whatever you 're stapling . I wanted it for a small newsletter at work . It 's fantastic for that . No jamming , no problems . It 's very sturdy and has a non-skid , non-scratch surface on the areas of the stapler that touch the surface of a table or desk .
 Have used this now to staple few hundred booklets through about 15 pages of regular paper plus one page of cover stock with no jamming ... The bend at the staple joint makes it very easy to get your staples lined up every time . Fold the booklet to get the crease where the staples go , and then lay the crease on the bend . The only times my booklets did n't come out perfect were when my folds were off.I have done booklets out of both 8x11 and 11x17 . The 8x11 is a breeze . 11x17 is a little more difficult , as the edge will need to be curled up in order to get the crease in the right position . Although 11x17 is a little more cumbersome , i still end up with nice professional booklets at a fraction of the cost i would have paid a print shop . If you are doing high volumes of 11x17 booklets , you may want to look into a different solution like a binding machine .
 This would have to be the most useful of all the staplers I have . When my electric saddle stitcher packed up I tried to find another but the prices were out of this world . When I saw the advert for this little beauty , I thought , nothing to lose , so I gave it a go and have never looked back . I give 10 out of 10 . It is the best I have come across .
 The stapler was exactly what I needed . I like the fact that it is light weight and easy to use . The last saddle stapler I had required a lot of force to be pushed down on it . This stapler operates just like a normal stapler and requires little strenghth . I also love the fact that I do n't have to purchase special staples and pay the higher price for special staples.Stanley Bostitch AntiJam Standard Booklet Stapler , 20 Sheet Capacity -LRB- B440SB -RRB-
 This stapler is everything I 'd hoped it to be . It solves all my booklet requirements .
 The book stapler in the beginning was excellent . I was using it to staple 2 page books together for a kindergarten project . After using about 1000 staples , the staples began to stick and I had to keep removing them . It was very frustrating . Maybe a different kind of staple would work better , but the stapler itself was very easy to operate and really great for making the booklets .
 I needed a stapler that would be useful in asssembling a small , 8 page pamphlet . This works exactly as advertised and it came at a great price .
 We have been using this product for years . If you need a saddle stapler , get this one .
 Have used this stapler for about 4 weeks to staple church bulletins that are 2-3 sheets each . It works very well . Occasionally have a staple that does n't fold down exactly right , but I think it is because I have n't used quite enough force . Have to pay attention to lining it up on the fold or the staples are a little forward or backward on the sheets , so when I 'm in a hurry , they can be a little sloppy . But all in all , I am very pleased with the stapler and think it works as I would have expected . I made sure to get the chisel point staples another review recommended and 99 % of the time , they work great .
 I have been making a lot of books -- and this is a real time saver . Very easy to use , with regular staples . I have absolutely no complaints ! I have made about 750 books in the past couple weeks and it 's working flawlessly .
 I have used other brands and eventually they start jamming . This is the second one we have bought . It is to easy to use and never jams . A great value !
 I used this stapler to put together a booklet that was made of 13 sheets of 30lb paper . I folded the paper by hand and used the stapler to bind the booklet . I would highly recommend this product .
 * Works great for making small booklets . * I used regular 1/4 '' staples from OfficeMax , did n't have to buy special staples . That was a pleasant surprise .
 Well , I bought this for a DIY ` zine project and we 've been going through 8 pieces of paper at a time with much smoothness . That is to say , no problems with this product . It 's sturdy and does what it claims ...
 We needed a stapler to fasten booklets . Our booklets are in the range of 10 typed pages -LRB- 40 `` booklet pages '' -RRB- . It works fine on that number of pages . We use a premium stapler-they do a better job because the booklet cover is a card stock -LRB- 110 lbs -RRB- thickness . If we need more pages , then we use 20 lb paper instead of 24 lb . You have to be careful in lining up the crease of the booklet so that the stapler will hit the fold in the center . But for our simple needs , the stapler fits the bill .
 This is a sturdy booklet stapler that works exactly like it should.Before we got this one , we 'd used `` long reach '' or `` rotating head '' staplers to create booklets . And while these other kinds work -LRB- and can staple booklets using over-sized sheets of paper -RRB- , they are not as easy to use , because they do not help hold the pages where they need to be , so it 's a challenge to get the staples perfectly lined up with the fold in the pages . If the stables are slightly out of line or worse not exactly in the fold , the booklet will not open nicely.This stapler on the other hand holds the pages right where they need to be , which makes for a consistent and true binding . It is also sturdy enough to easily staple through 25 sheets of paper to make a 100-page booklet.Well worth getting . Be sure to order a good pile of stables too since these are not the ones usually available at local office supply stores.I normally use ClickBook to format the booklets , but I 've also used Acrobat Reader to print a `` booklet '' . But rather than sending it to a printer , I send it to `` CutePDF '' which is a virtual printer that creates PDFs from whatever is printed to it . So by tricking Acrobat Reader into printing to CutePDF I get a PDF formatted as a booklet . Then I can print this booklet from Acrobat Reader any time I need to.Hope this is useful to others .
 Until I bought the Bostitch booklet stapler I had been stapling programs with a conventional stapler and a foam pad then bending the staple legs by hand . Slow and inaccurate . This simple device does the lot in one hit and does it well . It 's a quality product - heavy duty . You ca n't tell from the photo but the stand part is solid metal -- it 's quite heavy . Now I get perfectly aligned staples in seconds . For a stapler it 's comparatively expensive but it does the job -- worthwhile if you do booklets and so on . Recommended .
 Like some people who bought this `` saddle stapler '' , I initially had great difficulty getting it to staple properly . When I made the purchase of the stapler itself , I also ordered a box of the recommended Bostitch staples . Just wanted to be ABSOLUTELY SURE that I had the correct staples to use in it.Well , what `` torture '' I went through trying to get this device to staple small booklets I was attempting to assemble . The staples had to only go through a cover and eight pages of regular 20 lb . paper . It just would not work and jammed repeatedly , although the staples did actually fit into the stapler.On a hunch , I decided to try other staples I had in the house . Found some old `` Stanley-Bostitch '' staples that were laying around and they worked so much better ! Having said that though , I only had found enough to do 50 % of the current job . At this time , I noticed that the `` Model #s '' of the two kinds of staples were different.To make the blame thing of some benefit to me , I decided to search all over my city for the old type of staples . Six major retailers later , I could not locate 'em . Finally decided to do a search on the internet to see if I could find a supplier of the `` OLD '' staples I had on hand -LRB- that worked -RRB- . I did find such a supplier and ordered a supply of 20,000 - hoping & praying that these would actually work in this saddle stapler when they arrived.They were delivered here yesterday by courier , and lo and behold , they do indeed work quite well . The moral of this story is that you MUST have the exact , specific staple in order for this machine to work . DO NOT depend on the advice of the manufacturer as it pertains to which staple to use.Both the staple that works -LRB- Model # SBS19 1/4CP -RRB- and the one that does n't work -LRB- Model # SB35 1/4 - 5M -RRB- are made by Bostitch -LRB- sometimes referred to as STANLEY BOSTITCH -RRB- . Just as an aside , the `` 1/4 '' refers to the length of the staple leg and I believe that the 1/4 '' size is the length you should always purchase for this stapler . The `` CP '' refers to a type of staple called a `` Chisel Point '' . The chisel point style of staple penetrates the paper better and I always try to buy this type when purchasing staples.In a certain sense , it was just a fluke that I discovered how to make this saddle stapler work half decently . No thanks to the ding-dongs at Bostitch !
 When I wrote a zine and decided I needed a saddle stapler , I was surprised to find this one for about a third the price of some others on the market . I could n't find anything that looked like it would cause a functional difference , so I decided to save my money and get this one.Surprise -- it 's a great stapler ! I 'm giving it 5 stars because ... well ... it staples . I was easily able to staple through 13 sheets of regular copy paper to bind my zine . And although it does n't really show in the picture , there is non-skid / non-damage stuff on the bottom surfaces so that it can be used on a finished table . I am certainly satisfied .
 I bought this to center-staple 11x17 tabloid sheets into 8.5 x11 booklets . It works fine . The pages need to curl up in the rounded part that supports the stapler , but that does n't seem to create a problem .
 After being disappointed with declining quality of the saddle staplers made by another company I tried the Bostich and was thrilled at the ease of use . It is n't fancy but does the job , and does n't require much pressure . Great for stapling newsletters !
 We bought this one over the more expensive competitor based on the reviews here . We were not disappointed
 Making booklets or brochures one often finds that a normal stapler just wo n't reach to the center . You might at first try a ` long reach ' stapler , which helps , but for booklets in particular where you are stapling right on the crease , this booklet stapler is absolutely the way to go . It saves lots of time , it is fun to use , solidly built , and gives really professional looking results with the staple always placed in the exact center of the crease.Excellent for making ` zines , newsletters , CD booklets , manifestos , anything up to 25 sheets , which gives you 100 pages.In addition to using this for work , it is also great for making little mini-books for kids to draw stories in.If you are cutting to size , staple first , then cut afterwards for perfect cutting alignment .
 Great product ; well made ; ideal for assembling booklets and placing the staple -LRB- s -RRB- precisely on the fold . Highly recommended .
 I received the item quickly and used it to staple several hundred eight-page booklets with cover . It worked well until there were about eight staples left in the stapler , and then it started to jam . Once the stapler was reloaded , everything worked well , until there were about eight staples left.Good price , however , and otherwise a perfectly functional stapler .
 I never take the time to write reviews of products I purchase on Amazon , but today after stapling 100 booklets with this little marvel , I just had to share . IT 'S PERFECT . It 's so simple , no fuss , no muss , just perfectly aligns your folded pages and staples at the fold . It 's so simple . I 've had this device for about a year now and it has never failed me . Thank you Amazon for carrying a product that does the job perfectly , and that I expect will last me decades .
 The `` Stanley Bostitch Standard Booklet Stapler '' is a very solid -LRB- read heavy -RRB- saddle stapler that makes binding pamphlets and booklets a breeze!This stapler is very well made and is mostly metal . No worries about this stapler shifting when being used since the rubber feet and weight ensure that this will not be likely to budge.We have not had any jamming problems or failures of any type.Highly recommended ! For those looking for a very light use stapler for pamphlets and booklets , considerSPR01316 - Long Reach Stapler , 20 Sht Cap , Standard Staples , Putty/Black .
 I purchased this stapler in lieu of another more expensive brand , and it worked like a charm on about five pages without jaming , using standard staples without a problem . I did n't give this product five stars because I have n't use it on it 's capacity of 20 sheets . I am glad I made this purchase .
 In other reviews people talk about how standard staples do n't work , or how you have to press down firmly , not slam it.After using this product to make 100 zines -LRB- 9 pages of 24 # text paper -RRB- , I find that you definitely CAN use standard staples -LRB- from SAMS Club -RRB- , and you SHOULD slam it . I used a hammer fist on it , firm and quick , and this works 80 % of the time . This means , one in five times , it crumples the staple into a tiny piece of modern art . However , when trying to use it politely like a regular stapler , it had about a 40 % success rate.I hold the zine firmly down on the base of the stapler on both sides of the head . Then I hit it with my fist . Then I turn the zine around and do it to the other side . The staple crumpling , I have found , comes from one side being stapled together firmly , and the other side being loose , so the staple will go through the firm side quickly and smoothly , but the loose side of the staple will crumple . I hope that makes sense . So I hold both sides down with my left hand , and hit it with my right . Viola.I have had about 90 % success rate with getting the staple on the spine exactly . The 10 % failures were only off by a millimeter or two , and it was due to human error . I was still able to send these out just fine.All in all , this stapler staples fat and efficiently most of the time . The results are nice and professional looking . It is a great price compared to competition !
 It was great to receive the product only 2 days after ordering it . Thanks a lot !
 If you have a brother printer this paper is for you . With brother ink you will print picture better than the photo shop . I was dissapointed with some prints I had enlarged at a photo shop and did them better myself , no more '' pro '' photo shops for me !
 I used ths for my color management photo class . We had to pick 3 different brands of paper to see how well each work . This one seemed to give me the best results . It also is fast drying . I was very happy with it . I would ord more if I plan to print more photos .
 The photos I 've printed look better than what I get at the chain drug store . Which might be a reflection on the printer as much as the paper . When I look at it under magnification I can see the dot pattern but I ca n't with my naked eye . The colors are close to what I see on my screen , but they are NOT exactly what I see . I 'm a Photoshop user and I use RBG color matching try to get what I saw on film to the printer . I 'm able to get pretty close but no cigar ! Still , this is a work center printer and not one designed for photos ... and the ink and the paper is very inexpensive . I 've printed several of my old photo that I wo n't mind hanging on a wall ... as long as they 're behind glass .
 product was good quality but over priced shouldve been cheaperthanks again worked good brother printerkinda okay quality idk
 Have not used the 81/2 Brother paper but ordered the 4 X 6 paper at the same time and have used it . It has performed well , yielding good color.Order was received on time in great condition .
 nice stuff man like realy kool like needed this stuff bad man like realy helped me out and like made some groovey pics man naked women look like there gona pop out of the paper man like kool gona smoke some more stuff man so like i can print some more man like im realy into it and stuff like yeah man uh yeah ok well like have a nice one man oh man i feel like well you iknow uh yeah kool
 Not much to say . Pricing was good compared to anywhere else . Be careful of the stock press board thickness -LRB- 25 point -RRB- ; some of the cheaper units are not as thick as this one . Need 25 point or greater for board stock if you want it to last .
 In my professional office I have always gone the super cheap route with my files . I initially had the plain white folders with no fasteners . Then , in Jan 2012 , I bumped myself up to some lovely light blue folders with clips on each side . However , when I got provisionally licensed , I realized that the way I stored my files needed to be changed and that , along with demographics , handwritten notes , bill payment , etc , I just needed MORE . Then I found these classification file folders . They are perfect . With spots for everything I am able to find everything I need with a flick of the wrist and everything stays so well organized . They are a lifesaver . If you have a high amount of clients you may wish to just go electronic , but if you are in a small business , these may be perfect for you !
 Loved it . I need more ! It 's great for record book keeping in the Young Marines of Charlotte , NC ! - Unit Commander Bernash
 My mother has been a community health RN for about 14 years , and with hundreds of patients , it is necessary to store their information in files . For many years , my mother used old flimsy folders , but since upgrading to these sturdy folders , she has less stress . She no longer has to punch holes into the folders , feed fasteners through them and keep them in place with a clamp . These folders already have fasteners -LRB- built in -RRB- and it is such a time saver . She no longer has to unclamp the fasteners , taking the entire folder apart just to add a few extra pages . She can now add pages by opening the fasteners and bending them right back into place . The divider makes organization so much easier . Instead of having to sift through pages of information , she can separate each into their own sections and there 's no more hassle.She is updating her filing system one month at a time . Being on a nurse 's budget , she buys 2 boxes every few months and is planning on updating all of her patient 's files within a year . My mother simply loves these folders and she highly recommends them to anyone who is short on time and in need of fast organization .
 Whats up with the Packaging ??? Totally unimpressed . They used packing tape to stick the devices to the horrid plastic box thing . As a result the sticky goo from the tape was left on everything , Handsets , Power adapters , etc. . Then the ` Sample ' Screen sticker that is over the handset screens does not come off easy ... I spent 15 minutes with the bottle of rubbing alcohol to clean everything ... What a Pain ... As far as the phone Goes , so far so good . Though we 've only had it for a few days . Have had other Panasonic corless phones in the past and this has been comperable in performance.Not being able to Sync the Handsets to each other is kind of a drag . The Addressbook , Caller ID Images , Ring Tones , etc have to be programmed in each phone seperatly.Answering system seems adequate . Can retrieve messages from the Answering machine base station from any handset .
 Overall I am impressed with these phones and the Skype compatibility , but I have one major gripe that I hope there is a fix for . Why do n't phone numbers which are in the phonebook show up on Caller ID as they are entered in the phonebook and not as the phone company reports them ? For instance if I have `` John Doe 1-888-123-4567 '' in my phone book , why does the Panasonic display `` Cellular Call 1-888-123-4567 '' when John Doe calls ? My old Panasonic used to display my phonebook entry when the person called . Other than that annoyance , the phones are great . Hopefully someone can tell me how to fix my Caller ID issue .
 The Panasonic 5.8 GHz gigarange phones have some compelling features but be aware of the shortcomings . + The range is quite good . These phones handle our challenging-for-wireless home and even provide coverage a good distance into the yard . + Sound quality is very good as well . No conflicts with our wireless network and any breakup in quality only becomes evident when you get to the limit of its range . + Controls are relatively well placed and intuitive . + Message storing capability gets a solid `` C '' grade . About the same as any other wireless phone/message machine.Then the disappointing news : - The usb connection simply does not work . On Vista or XP . The hacks/fixes suggested by others have not worked for me . Panasonic seems to have relegated the software/firmware for this product to the very back burner since no patches/fixes have been available since we purchased the phone nearly a year ago . Too bad too , because the notion of using the computer to sync the phonebook , download ringtones , etc is pretty compelling . Paired with the ability to sync directories from one phone to another , this would appear to solve a problem that vexes multiple wireless phones in every house - uploading and maintaining phone numbers . - The talking caller ID is laughable and useless . Probably half of the CID numbers that come through for us are not available or blocked -LRB- telemarketers -RRB- so you get a ring , then a pregnant pause and , `` Call From ... Number Unavailable '' woo hoo . When you do get a productive CID the pronounciation is so bad that we just chuckle . It might as well say , `` Call From ... Unintelligible '' . - Ergonomically just ok . As others have pointed out , the joystick nub controls volume during a call . It 's awkward to adjust without taking the handset completely away from your ear and staring at it.So , if , like us , you are considering this phone for the usb connectivity and the phone directory capabilities , you might give it another think . If you 're primarily interested in good wireless coverage and voice quality , this is a decent choice.-j
 We do n't use the advanced features of this phone , but for just talking the sound quality is great . The phones are perfect for telecons and calling customer services
 I bought this for my dad for Christmas . He was so surprised at how many different and fun features this phone has to offer . One good quality about the phone is it is very loud , my dad is hard of hearing and that comes in very handy . Also I liked the fact that you have different ways of identifing callers . Not only is there caller id , you can download a picture with the name of the person or a certain color that flashes with different callers . Love this product . Would recommend it to anyone .
 Honestly , when I first started using the phones I heard static . There is a `` clarity booster '' that you can switch on while on a call that seemed to help a little bit . I really liked the phones so I decided to use them through the weekend to see what happened and strangely enough , after about 2 days , the static cleared up.The phones come with an easy to use joystick for navigation , clear LCD screen where the caller 's name , phone number and picture -LRB- if stored -RRB- display very clearly . There are only a few ringers to choose from but who cares because it was designed to include your own music.I love the phones !
 Go the phone for Christmas as a gift . I have always used Panasonic wireless phones and think they are the best . The Phone works well I have only one complaint . I have had no interference with my wireless Internet . Caller ID with announcements is useful . The sound quality is good the screen is bright and easy to read . Some times too bright . One of the handsets sits across my bedroom from my bed and at night the screen can be distractingly BRIGHT !! I spent about 1/2 of an hour trying to figure out how to get the screen to go off when it is on it 's base . Failing to figure it out we just turn the phone towards the wall . Overall I still think this phone is great .
 I LOVE THIS PHONE . YOU CAN ENTER A PERSONAL PHOTO ON THE LCD COLOR SCREEN AND DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN SONG AS A RINGTONE . THE PHONE HAS A CLEAR SOUND WITH LOUD ENOUGH VOLUME . THE ONLY NEGATIVES ARE NO MUTE BUTTON ON THE HANDSET AND NO LOCATER ON THE BASE UNIT -LRB- HAVE TO CHECK W/CUSTOMER SVC TO SEE IF THERE IS A WAY -RRB- .
 I 've had the phone system for about 3 weeks now , and I can honestly say that this is by far the slickest home phone around . If you are a geek like me , you 'll have a ball with this phone . I have downloaded songs corresponding with family and friends so we always know who 's calling without looking at the phone . I put their favorites song in as their ringtone . I also added a picture of them as a cool factor . I might end up shutting off the text to speach caller ID feature as it often has no information about the incoming caller . This is not the phones fault , since it is based on your phone companies data being tranmitted . Not a big deal since we know who 's calling by what song plays . The reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is for sound quality . It could be a little better , but it 's not bad either . There 's a slight hiss in the background , but only when nobodys talking . It might also be the location of the base , but it 's where we want it , so it stays . Like I said , not a big enough deal to even look into . I especially like the speaker phone on the handset -LRB- I use it quite often -RRB- . In conclusion , I would recomend this to the techno geeks out there . I have had friends say it has better and more numerous features than their cell phones . : - -RRB-
 These phones are great looking and the feature allowing you to see and hear using the camera is great addition to ones home phone system . I have expanded my system to 4 phones and one camera and they all work great . The image from the camera is great and can be adjusted to your liking . Any phone can access the camera , as well as page one another .
 We are absolutely 100 % pleased with the Panasonic KX-TG5777 -LRB- bundle = 2 -RRB- 5.8 GHz cordless 2-phone system w / fantasic clear Answering Machine . We especially like the rich color screen -LRB- s -RRB- and loud speakerphone features . You get an extra charger base for second phone . This `` Bundle '' package was a `` special '' offered by Panasonic on limited introductory basis . We were completely satisfied when we ordered online thru Amazon.com seller store `` GLOBAZAR '' -LRB- phone number is listed and they will call you back even on a Sunday -RRB- ! The paper manual and computer CD package features are first class . The voice quality is A-1 especially with the quiet muting feature when you are `` on-hold '' and no one is talking . We would recommend ordering quickly as hard to find , but well worth the money for top-end equipment . None of my LOCAL walk-in stores had these in stock ! These are the BEST we have ever owned .
 Love the phone ! Clear reception , fabulous features , just awesome!If the review was based on the seller I would of rated it 1 star.Globazar has no ethics when it comes to customer service . The item description stated it comes with 3 handsets . I only recieved two . Globazar blamed the mistake on Amazon and offered no compensation for this mistake . I bought this item thinking I am going to recieve 3 handsets , just as the item description promises . At least now the item description says 2 handsets so another buyer wo n't feel ripped off.But this review is based on the phone and I must say I love it . Best phone I have ever owned so far .
 Excellent practical phone with great sound quality . Only fault I can find isthe inability to mount base on wall . This is a desk top only unit .
 I purchased the KX-TG5777SK on sale for a GREAT price , but I was n't aware until I opened the box that it was apparently a refurbished unit.The bad
 This setup is perfect . Easy to read screen and very user friendly . All the bells and whistles necessary including notification of telephone company voice mails .
 I bought this exact model number for $ 119 on Amazon in January 2007 . I just looked up the order and this is the model I bought KX-TG5777PK . I just pasted that from my original order . It 's selling for over $ 500 now ? I must be seeing things.Update - I see the price is back now to where it should be . Love this phone .
 These manila folders are the same weight as other folders that I 've used . What I did n't understand when I bought them is that they are not as tall when put into the pentax hanging file holder . Usually , the tab of the manila folder is above the edge of the hanging file . With these folders the tab is about 1/8 inch below the edge of the hanging folder . Not a problem , just something you may want to know before buying .
 These black file folders are a great , inexpensive supply source for making mini albums -- so many file folder mini album projects on YouTube to try out . Black is the ideal color ; no need to stain the edges with ink , etc. . Quality of the folder card stock is perfect for crafting of this sort . Such a fun find for me ! So many things one can do with a file folder , if you have the creativity !
 UPS showed that they delivered my order to my door , but I never received it . The company worked with me to resolve the issue and I could n't be happier with their customer service department .
 I like these full-sheet labels for printing out poetry that I use in my greeting cards and other purposes . They can then be cut to size .
 Very comfortable , sturdy , the covering of the gel is silky smooth and not irritating . No smell either . Hard plastic base that is adjustable for different keyboard heights . My wrists do n't even hurt from playing 16 hours of Fallout 3 either . Very useful if your a Gamer like me or if you like surfing the internet and can be use in business environments too . No corporal tunnel syndrome for me ! Make sure you have a flat edge keyboard , mine is a Logitech EX 100 that has the curve at the bottom . It still works great with it . but the keyboard , NOT the rest slides a little . Nothing that a piece of grip material would n't fix . I 'm just to lazy to get a piece .
 The wrist rest is exactly what I was looking for . The price is fantastic and the shipment was immediate . Absolutely no complaints .
 **** These little flags from post-it are quite bright and nicer than the little -LRB- 1/2 inch -RRB- skinny ones for marking places in books and on documents.They are very thin , though , so they are ideally not used as index tabs or anything that would require a sturdier flag . Their thinness is an advantage if you are flagging many places in a book or document set as many can be placed without the book or pile of papers becoming bulky . Post-It makes another flag , which it calls their `` Durable '' flag and is heavier if you are looking for something to use as a tab.With most pens and and even with a pencil , they can be written on , which is nice . And of course , they are transparent . I have found the Post-it brand to be consistent in its quality , as opposed to other manufacturers who sometimes do n't make the flag sticky enough . They come in a wide variety of colors ! This review is for the bright blue single dispenser pack.Recommended . ****
 The film was as ordered and arrived quickly . I would recommend this merchant highly . Hiti dye sub printers print excellent , waterproof photos .
 I have had my HiTi printer for several years now . It was purchased on HSN and of all the printers I have , this one is five stars above the rest . The printing paper is also five stars . It has a high gloss finish on it and just in case you should accidentally spill something on it , you can wipe it off with a wet rag and it will not damage the photo at all . This is the only printer i use . The picture quality is also five star . Great all around product . I would highly recommend .
 I 've been using this paper-and-ink kit in my HiTi PhotoShuttle for 3 years now and have been consistently pleased with the high gloss , full colors and durability of the prints . I think they 're as good as professionally finished prints from the local photo shop , though maybe Kodak or other nationwide processors are a touch better .
 It might be hard to believe , but this type of wire stand has probably been around for over 35 years . It is simple and easy to use . You just unfold the `` legs '' , and set it up on a suitable surface . When you are done , it folds up into a relatively small space for easy storage or transport . It works pretty well for many hardback books , and some paperbacks as well.The stand is made out of silver colored steel rods , and has two `` legs '' that swivel out from the frame . The legs do n't extend back too far , and the frame is small , but the stand is still fairly stable , and can be used with larger books . On the opposite end of the legs , the rod is bent up 90 degrees , forming a section designed to hold the pages open . This section is a little over an inch high , which is n't a lot . Besides swiveling the `` legs '' , not much adjustment is possible.When opened , hardbacks tend to stay open , while the opposite is true of most paperbacks . That being the case , this stand works pretty well with most hardbacks less than 1.4 '' thick , and some midsized paperbacks . It does n't do so well with smaller pocket sized paperbacks , and large oversized paperbacks.The adhesive backing of paperbacks tends to close the pages when opened , so for paperbacks of a certain size , you may have some difficulty using the stand , unless you do n't mind over bending the spine of your paperback to `` crack '' it open . You can also adjusting the position of the legs , to try and `` lock '' the pages in place , which might possibly crinkle your pages , or make turning pages an adventure . A larger , really stiff paperback , could possibly tip the stand over , as the pages attempt to close.Quality control concerning the legs is another issue . In a clever design , the wire is twisted around to form a series of spirals , which are then inserted onto vertical rods on the frame , forming a `` hinge '' . Sometimes the fit of the hinge is too tight , but a loose fit is more common , and unfortunately legs that swivel too easily can make the stand less stable . Because the legs are usually not exactly the same , the stand probably wo n't be perfectly level . One leg is usually higher , so you might need to adjust the position , or even bend them a bit.This product is very durable . I have a couple of them that are over 20 years old , and while the silver finish has a little corrosion , and some of the legs are loose , but unless a weld fails , the stand should last well past my lifetime.Fellowes apparently likes this design , as after many years , it seems largely unchanged . I feel that they could have made a version with a larger frame , that elevates the book higher , and also has higher posts in the front to hold back the pages better , but what do I know.Besides books , the stand can also be used for any number of flat objects , like sheet music , a magazine , record albums -LRB- remember them ? -RRB- , or even an e-reader like a Kindle or Nook . It might be a bit pricey for what it is , but it 's nearly indestructible , so you probably wo n't be replacing it anytime soon .
 Our item came fast , was just what we were needing and was in the condition we were told that it would be . Thank you !
 The Latitude is a decent way to get a Parker Rollerball pen , but the selling price varies widely . Parker 's original MSRP places it a step below the sleek Sonnet model , but it is n't really up to that level . Get it at the lower end of the range , and you have an interesting design and a good ink cartridge for a small price increase over many cheaper pens.Yay :1 . Full set of plated `` trim '' decorations - band around the cap base , nose tip , ring at middle of body , and also the back end of the body and the top of the cap . It does n't fake a cap band by using a body band which shows beneath the cap like the older Inflection model .2 . Design features -LRB- extra rings etched on the cap , unusual clip shape , and angled cap top -RRB- avoid a generic appearance . Nothing else really looks like this one .3 . Parker 's rollerball cartridge is one of my favorites . It writes fluidly for its full life , and skips less than common refills.Boo :1 . The black finish is not the same ultra-dark smooth finish as Parker 's higher-end models . The texture is somewhere between Parker 's usual matted-vs-smooth options , which I think looks kind of cheap .2 . The front half of the pen body is mostly plastic -LRB- plus the metal tip -RRB- , just like the Sheaffer Latitude . This would almost be OK , but it looks worse when the rest of the pen body -LRB- as well as the cap -RRB- do n't have the same shiny texture as the plastic .3 . The thin etched rings on the cap -LRB- above the gold band -RRB- just uncover the brass underneath , and are not gold-colored like the band and clip.Neutral :1 . When closed , the cap and body are designed for more of a continuous shape rather than the appearance of a cap which is wider than the body .2 . The cap and body are brass under the finish , but it 's still a lighter weight pen.Overall thoughts :1 . Very cool design , but close inspection reveals its lower status .2 . I also have the blue/chrome version , and I think the color , texture , and etching on that version results in a slightly higher-quality appearance . The etched rings on the cap of the blue model are a different blue shade , which looks more intentional than the black/gold model 's bare brass etching . The same semi-matte texture in that color also appears unique and intentional rather than merely being the product of the price point .3 . If you do n't mind a Chinese-manufactured model rather than the French-made Latitude , consider the cheaper Parker IM rollerball . It 's all-metal and well-made for the price . The design of the IM is a little more plain , but it 's still a good pen for the price .
 This product did seem to quiet my shredder down a little . I 'm sure that this has to be some benefit to keeping the cutting edges sharp .
 The product should be used fairly frequently to keep a shredder fully functional . I have not been able to do a double blind test of the product , but it smells the way lubricant sheets are supposed to smell , and the shredder is running better than any other shredder I have had .
 I used to own a shredder a long while back and never used these things . I must say over time I was experiencing all sorts of problems with the blades and turning mechanisms and would constantly take it apart and put it back together . One day it finally went out on me permanently and trashed it . I went out and purchased a -LSB- ... -RSB- . I then went to Amazon and ordered these things . They fit into the slot perfectly and can tell I messed up by not buying these sheets to make my shredder function normally over time . The shredder sheets go into my new one perfectly since it is a folded paper shredder . I can see that if you have a full size shredder that it may not fit all the way in perfectly . The good news is there are so many in this package you can use two to cover it all and not worry about running out soon .
 A great item , no mess , clean , easy to use and it does a great job . I did reorderUNIVERSAL OFFICE PRODUCTS Shredder Lubricant Sheets , 8-1/2 '' x 6 '' , 36 Sheets/pack
 Not too much I can say about these lube sheets , I guess . They were as described on the website , got them for a good price , they were shipped on schedule and arrived on schedule , and I have been using them for several months now ,
 I ordered these by mistake but am glad I have them on hand to lubricate the blades of my shredder .
 These work very well and are not messy at all . Tried to use liquid lube but that made for a big mess .
 These sheets are very convenient and not messy like using the lubricantoil is my shredder . I do actually use the oil about every 3rd time becauseI found if I just keep using the lubricant sheets and not the oil my shredderdoes not work as well . I think these lubricant sheets are a great idea and ifyou do n't do a large volume of shredding they will do the job well . I happento do alot of shredding so my gets both the lubricant sheets and the oil .
 I run a sheet through my shredder each month , and it keeps it cutting away and -LRB- so far -RRB- completely jam free . well worth using in your shredder .
 Great product , it is easy to use and keeps my machine in working order . I was happy with the price !
 This product does an excellent job for what it is designed to do . I inserted one of these into my shredder and I instantly heard the rpm of the cutters speed up . Less friction means longer motor life ! No mess ; just insert in the direction of the arrows and your done ! The only gripe I 've got is the fact that the size is only half of what is advertised @ about 8-1/2 x 5-1/2 . Although this size is plenty sufficient to do the job .
 The posting says the sheets are full size , 81/2 x 11 , however the individual packets , which go into the shredder UNOPENED are half that size . There were 36 packets in the -LRB- one -RRB- box I ordered.Other than that , they go through just fine . I am really hoping I will see a benefit over time as I am shredding YEARS of old medical and tax records and my poor little crosscut shredder is working very hard .
 No oil bottles , no over spills , no mess . Just shred one of these little sheets and run your shredder in reverse for 10 seconds and your done . A small and simple solution that keeps your shredder running good for years to come .
 I looked at a lot of options for our office shredder and thought I would try these based on other reviews . These little sheets are so easy to use -LRB- just follow the instructions printed right on the sheet -RRB- . No mess , no fuss ! Compared to using the bottle of shredder oil that came with our shredder , this is 100 times cleaner and easier . We use our shredder a lot and I rely on these little sheets to get as much life out of our shredder as possible . I even liked the sheets so much , I bought a pack for my little shredder at home . I highly recommend these sheets !
 This is a great product and it is way cheaper per sheet than anything I could get at a local , chain office supply retailer . I 've used bottled lubricant in the past and it 's just messy and no fun to deal with and I always wonder if I 've used enough or have the right coverage . Withe these I just take a sheet and feed it through and I 'm done . Good stuff .
 When it comes to maintaining a paper shredder a big step is lubrication of parts . This keeps the gears running smooth and prevents stress on the motor ; thus extending the life of your shredder . What I like about these sheets are that it makes the process `` Mess Free '' . Instead of getting a small bottle of lubricant -LRB- or vegetable/canola oil -RRB- and carefully dripping it into the opening or underside , these sheets are simply fed through and shredded like normal paper . Just run the machine in reverse 10-15 seconds and you are done . No chance for a mess or mistake.The sheets you get are 8.5 '' x 6 '' and work as advertised . While by no means cheap , when compared to a 6oz bottle of proper lubricant , this is a mess free alternative and prevents over lubrication . The lubricant in the sheets has a slight petroleum smell to it , and while most shredders recommend using vegetable / canola oil I do not see a problem in using petroleum based . That is unless you are seriously putting your shredder through some over-time , where the build up of heat could cause a problem . However , for the casual home user there should n't be a problem.Overall I recommend these sheets to make lubrication of your shredder a simple 20 second process that requires almost no effort . No need for bottles , careful application or risk of mess . Being you get 36 sheets in the box that is enough to last you easily 18 months , so these are definitely worth the price .
 I got tired of my old shredders grinding sound and i didnt want to hear it again with my new one so i purchased these lubricants and so far so good . It cleans the mechanism and so far i didnt have and jams or hear any weird sounds . If you would like to have a clean shredder and do not want to lubricate manually , these sheets do the trick in couple of seconds .
 Keeps your shredder properly lubricated and working smoothly . Easy to use . Not messy to handle . What else could you ask for ?
 These lubricant sheets are convenient and work just as expected . No fuss , no mess , and very easy to use . Its easy to forget maintenance but these sheets make it very simple to help extend the life of the shredder .
 I have had this shredder for a while , and it was constantly getting paper jammed in it -LRB- crosscut model -RRB- , so I 'm hoping these lube sheets will help with that . I had no idea until recently there was such a thing as a lubricant sheet for shredders .
 I do not know if needed but shredders need maintenance periodically so why not . EZ to use and ca n't do any harm . Will it extend cutter life ?
 This shredder does an excellent job , and is not expensive . I like the Amazon brand shredder best for price and quality . But only time will tell . My last shredder did not last many hours of usage .
 In a nutshell , this is an excellent and quiet workhorse . It jams every now and then , so please have a screwdriver or knife handy and some patience to remove the jammed paper .
 Thia shredder is well made and considering the prices and quality of others in the marketplace , is a good choice for the home or very small office .
 Universal makes some mighty good shredder lubricant sheets that , although they are indeed half the size as others noted , still really do the job well . Just one sheet into your shredder every three or four weeks and your shredder will last you a lot longer ! In my experience I can hear the shredder working with less effort immediately after inserting one of these sheets into the shredder.They are half the size of what they 're supposed to be , so I obviously ca n't give this a five star rating . If you 're concerned about the smaller than advertised size , use two sheets for good measure . It wo n't harm the shredder and it 'll work much better . I agree with reviewers who write that it 's remarkable that there 's no oil or any other liquid spilling or leaking from these shredder lubricant sheets.A good investment to make your shredder last a long time !
 The shredder lubricant sheets are awesome ! Thank you for offering such wonderful product at such a great price !
 Works very fast , and doesnt get stuck , you can feed it quickly as well . Does not heat up fast either
 I really love the looks , function , and durability of this shredder . Has made a great and useful addition to my home office .
 The sheets work as intended i guess . I just run one through the shredder and assume they are lubricating it . I found them on ebay at a much lower price .
 These are actually 1/2 sheets but seem to work fine . Will use regularly to keep my new shreader working as it should . Would give a 5 * had the size been what was expected .
 Besides being a good value , my purchase was well packaged and delivered much more quickly that I expected . Ca n't ask for more than that .
 Well , what can you say about shredder lubricant sheets . They came in a nice packet with instructions . But one would not know whether they really do the job . Unless you an say that since it has not broken down , it works great .
 Use these to lube your shredder . Works as good as other bands I have gotten at office supply warehouse outlets and it considerably cheaper . Cheap enough I use one sheet positioned to the right of the shredder opening then one on the left . Expensive shredder ... . I want to keep it lubed and would rather it not jamb up on me and turn into a doorstop .
 I use my shredder everyday and needed a way to keep it working correctly . I had bought these sheets at a local store , but they no longer stock them . I am so glad I was able to get these so quickly .
 We received the lubricant sheets today and they work great . The product was on time and works as advertised . Would recommend this to anyone and give it 5 stars .
 I have seen this product on the T.V. and was curious to see if lubricating sheets would work . The sheets are easy to use and no mess ! I would recommend the sheets and will continue to use them . I think the sheets will extend the life of our shredder .
 Package arrived in a timely manner . Product works great ! Keeps my shredder working in appropriate order . Definitely recommend this product .
 Seriously , it can not get any easier than this product unless they can make the product jump out of the box into the shredder all by itelf . I keep them in the box behind the shredder to remind me to do every once in a while . Much faster than trying to buy the oil and do it yourself .
 I 'm not sure what you can really say about lubricant sheets for a shredder , either they work or they do n't . These worked just fine and easily fed into my Staples brand commercial shredder . I love the fact that there is no lube mess on my hands or dripping down the front of the shredder but instead is self-contained within the sheet .
 I 've begun using the shredder lubricant sheets recently . I use one sheet after the bin has been completely filled with shredded paper and keep a record of each time I use a sheet.The sheet goes through the shredder effortlessly and seems to do the job that it is intended to do . It works very well.Bob Geluz
 These lubricant sheets are far easier to use than simply oiling the shredder . They appear to work as stated . My shredder sounds like it 's under less stress after I use them .
 Wish the sheets were full size but they work as well . Smart idea to keep the cutters lubed , especially if you want the cutting blades to last .
 I have aRoyal 14-Sheet MicroCut Shredder -LRB- MC14MX -RRB- and it only makes sense that keeping the metal cutters lubricated will prolong it 's life . I use one sheet ever other time I empty the bucket and so far the shredder still sounds like new . This is as easy as preventive maintenance gets !
 Having been through several different shredders before and never used lubrication , this product is a miracle . I decided to purchase it after buying a more expensive shredder on Amazon that I wanted to extend the life of . I shred after every basket and I can immediately tell the difference when these sheets are used . The shredder does n't seem to need to work as hard and can shred more sheets at a time without struggling.This product makes it simple to do regular shredder maintenance and is a must-have . Another thought
 This item is great and cheaper than those at staples et al. . My shredder was running slow and kept emitting a burning smell but after shredding a lubricant sheet , it brought it back to a good working condition .
 Thank you so much for this product . It was a life saver and extended the life of my shredder . The shredder is still working and sounds great after I lube it up with one of these oil sheets . Will buy from you again .
 These sheets are just what my shredders needed . They do a great job and will increase the life of the shredder . A must have if you shred .
 This shredder does everything it claims to . It is very quiet , shred papers or other things into very small pieces , and is very safe to use . Highly recommended .
 It works perfect . Have used it for hours with no problems , highly recommended if you have a big job . . I would purchase another one .
 Awesome ! They work great in my shredder & really help with lubricating the cutters . No fuss , no mess a sure must .
 Keeps shredder working properlyhow mant times do I have to do this . No minimum of words . That only upsets me
 Very fast shipping and the oil pads work great . I use them on my Black and Decker DB 890A shredder . Seems to keep it in tip top shape . My wife and I shred a lot of paperwork and we killed our last shredder pretty quick , these oil pads really seem to help .
 This item is actually 51/2 '' x 81/2 '' , not a full letter page . This is the only negative I have . It appears to lubricate well and is very convenient .
 A MUST for your personal shredder ! Keeps it cutting like it was just taken out of the box ! I use two sheets , one all the way to the left , then the other all the way to the right . Make sure you run it backwards after shredding these sheets to lubricate the whole cutting area ! The price is a whole lot cheaper than what I bought at my closest Office Max , and there 's twice the product !!
 product as described and works as expected ... so much easier and less messy than using oil dispensers in the paper opening ... i use these twice a month and makes the paper shredder run quieter/smoother ... makes sure you use the reverse feature of the shredder for 15 seconds as instructed ... you can actually hear the shredder become quieter ...
 I have my current shredder for over 5 years now and it works great because I believe I use these lubricant sheets 1-2 times a month . These work great and were a better value then I was finding at the store . They work as advertised , I would buy from again
 the price for the universal shredder lubricant sheets is cheap , if you were to buy the same product at any office supply you would have to pay double the price if not more , it was shipped fast , agood seller to deal with
 These lubrication sheets are great . This package was the best value I found . It 's nice to take care of maintenance in such a convenient , clean way . I recommend these lubricant sheets over a bottle any day.Universal Shredder Lubricant Sheets , 8-1/2 '' X 6 '' , 36 Sheets/Pack
 I have to admit that I had never oiled my shredder in the 2 years that I 've had it . I was n't even sure how to do that . Then I read about these sheets and decided it could n't hurt to try them . I 've used 2 so far and the first thing I noticed was that they helped to eliminate the paper that was clogging both ends of my shredder . It seems to be shredding a little faster and with less effort . I use my shredder a lot so anything that will extend it 's life is worth trying and these easy to use sheets seem to help .
 Shredding that is what goes on . I bought a shredder that works like a tank and never complains . I have used lubricating oil with great success . But I find it easier and less messy to just keep a Universal 38036 Shredder Lubricant Sheets , 8-1/2 in . x 6 in . around for periodic maintenance.I can not tell the difference or if it is helping , but I do not want to find out the hard way .
 We have purchased these before and they work great as usual . Keeps our shredder in great shape . Easy to use and no clean up !
 These are half sheets -- which is the correct size for lubricating the shredder . I swear by these , as they work fast and well .
 This product was ship very fast compare to any other product so far and work great ! The quality was fairly nice and great !
 The Universal 38036 Shredder Lubricant Sheets worked great . Keeps shredder lubricated and ready for use . Great way to insure your investment in high-end shredder pays off !
 I like these because I find them easier to use than the regular oil . I use a shredder to shred most of my junkmail , bills , etc. . I run one of these through the shredder once a month and it seems to keep it running smooth . Also , you do n't have to worry about spilling extra oil on anything .
 An easy way to lubricate your shredder is Universal Shredder Lubricant Sheets . These sheets perform just as advertised , at a fraction of the cost of name brand lubricant sheets . I use them after shredding two shredder baskets full . I also use two sheets , aligning one to the left of the cutter opening , then aligning to the right . Running the shredder backwards is a must to lubricate the shredder fully ! Best Source Office Supplies was very quick to ship . I had my shredder sheets in two days . I would highly recommend the product and this seller !
 I 've had those lubricant sheets for a while now and they really are practical . They are the size of a 1/2 letter sheet of paper.Pros
 I have used these since I bought my shredder six years ago and the sheets keep it in perfect working condition . Great product !
 Easy to clean/lubrucate your shredder . Just shred one of these . Depending on how gummed up or dry your shredder is you can hear the difference !
 great product and easy to use . Highly suggest you buy . Extends the life of your schredder .
 Did n't know about these till recently . Very easy to use and no mess . Good to keep shredder in top notch condition .
 Excellent product . After about one week I noticed that my six year old shredder was not so noisy - sounded more like when it was new . Most people do n't realize that these shredder lubricant sheets are available . Just like any mechanical device shredders must be serviced periodically . Do n't expect one of these lubricant sheets to do the job immediately . Follow the simple instructions on the sheet . This item is a must for all new and existing shredder owners .
 These are great lubricant sheets - completely mess free - just turn on your shredder , insert the lubricant sheet and that 's it ! I 've used them on a 5 year old cross-cut shredder that I 've oiled only a couple of times in the past few years - I noticed that it was getting a bit sluggish - I do use it several times a week - so I ran one of these lubricant sheets through - the diffrence was amazing . Now my shredder is working as good as new - no need to buy a new one ! Highly recommended !
 These shredder lubricant sheets have kept my small Mailmate shredder running smoothly . I believe shredder lubricant sheets are one of the secrets to long life in a shredder.It gives the right amount of oil to each shredder blade simply by running a sheet through the shredder . They work great with all shredders.It literally is as easy as shredding a piece of paper ! You run your shredder in reverse after you shred the sheet.I have found that these really do the trick . They work with any type of shredder . For the low amount they cost , they are a high investment in your shredder , and worth every penny.Pick up a pack of these today ! Your shredder will thank you . My trusty MailMate is still going strong and I think largely because I use these . ~ ~ `` I want to die peacefully in my sleep , like my grandfather . Not screaming like the passengers in his cab . '' < <
 Bought a pack with my new shredder -- seemed easier than buying or using a lubricant oil . As I burned up my 10 yr old shredder by not oiling it , I am determined to take care of my new shredder . The sheets could n't be easier to use . . assume they are keeping the blades oiled . Was a good purchase for me -- easier to remember to use , no mess , no fuss -- just shred a sheet every so often ... could n't be easier !
 So easy to use . Take out of the box and shred it in your shredder . My two year old shredder is running like new again.This cost much much more than a can of 3 in 1 oil , but less mess and I think most people would like this better than using oil.Highly recommended !
 When I bought my shredder the salesman suggested I get some special lubricating oil and use it on the cutters every month . The oil was messy and caused more problems then it solved . I just bought Universal shredder lubrication sheets . The difference was amazing . Papers shredded easily and without clogging up the mechanism . What a great product - easy to use and works as expected the first time .
 I did n't even know this kind of stuff exsisted until I bought a new shredder and there was a sample included . I could immediately tell the older shredder was much happier after I used it on it . I will contine buying this product and highly recommend it !
 Came in on time as promised ... price was right ... lubricant is sandwiched between layers of paper on each side to avoid mess ... seems to work quite well so I would buy again from the same source ...
 I had a different brand name of these that worked below average . These allow me to shred more between uses . No more clogs in the corners of the shredder .
 Have n't used it yet - it 's in my bag of tire plugs for when I need it .
 This item works perfect for our business . The quality is great . Highly recommend this item if its what you are looking for at your business . and alot cheaper buying here than in stores . Saved us money on our first purchase . Buy 50 rolls for the price of 24 in the store .
 I received these Paper Rolls promptly and they work great with our Kitchen printers , which are Star SP700 . I highly recommend this product .
 I 've been a huge Fred Gerlach fan since around 1960 . He was a featured artist at the Upper Cellar Coffee House in San Diego -LRB- late 1959-1960 -RRB- . As a high school senior I spent many happy hours watching him play that big 12 string and soaking up his music . This Folkways album came out around 1963 . I always treasured the original LP I purchased then , and bought the CD when it finally became available some years ago.It 's unfortunate that these recordings were n't filmed . Fred Gerlach 's guitar technique and finger picking is superb . Over the years we 've had some terrific 12-stringers . Fred Gerlach will always be one of the best .
 This special reissue from Smithsonian Folkways Rec . is of enormous historical importance in the acoustic guitar discography . Fred Gerlach left few records behind him and did different jobs in his lifetime but he 's still remembered as an innovator for his extraordinary 12-string gtr playing and excellent traditional blues singing . This 1962 gem -LRB- remastered 2007 -RRB- is not an instrumental record like the rare and inventive Takoma album `` Songs My Mother Never Sang '' , but more in the folk-blues idiom of the early sixties . His guitar technique is stunning and his white voice really convincing . Jimmy Page was inspired by his brilliant performance of trad . `` Gallows Pole '' and rearranged that song for Led Zeppelin III . That track opens this legendary album ... recommended if you love classic 12-string and Americana recordings .
 great deal . Just an FYI to other purchasers . They seem to run a tad narrow . Just a tad . I was still able to use them for the large book I was sending out but it was more snug than other envelopes . It was still a great buy and great quality . thank you
 I used every single one of these envelopes and they seem to be the perfect size for most everything I was shipping . Not a bad price for a decent product . I was afraid what they would come looking like but serve as slightly better quality over dollar store brands .
 Pros - Works like any other envelope - Come in one big , easy to open boxCons - Slightly lower quality than Eco-Light - Higher cost buying 50 at a time than 100 at a timeWill buy Eco-Light from now on .
 These mailers are perfect for the job and the price can not be beat . I have only had one complaint of a mailer bursting open out of 300 + shipments . Will buy again . - Eddie 's Affordable Gear
 I have used this company several times . They ship fastI Envelopes are fine , but a little light weight . They work great for my needs .
 As advertised . Requiring a certain amount of words in a review is really a good way to discourage getting a review .
 Perfect for shipping lightweight items . Got these for around $ 17 which seems like a fair price . These mailers have great bubble protection to secure any loose items in transit .
 Envelope is a great price and protects anything I mail . I love the easy use . Anyone can use this and mail anything !
 The bubbling in these envelopes is sturdier than most out there . They 're also turned smooth side out so that things slide in and out more easily . The only problem I have with these is that the adhesive seal is n't as strong as most .
 Sometimes you just need a larger envelope . These 10.5 x 16 &#34; bubble wraps are the best value . Plus you can always fold them over for custom sizing as needed . Low cost = big return .
 AWESOME ! My order was received very fast and the quality of the product is outstanding . I will order again once I finally use all these envelopes .
 great product . just as described . much cheaper to purchase from this company compared to physically driving to a store to purchase one at a time .
 Although it took a long time to receive this product the wait was worth it . They are nice stong envelopes with good bubble inside . I use them to mail out books that I am reselling on Amazon .
 These are great envelopes for the price - not only are they inexpensive , but they are lightweight and durable , too . At this point , I have discontinued the use of three other envelope sizes and brands in the favor of these .
 California Office Supply - 50 # 5 10.5 x16 KRAFT BUBBLE MAILERS PADDED ENVELOPES # 5 . I ship books , and these work Great.Strong , and easy to use .
 These envelopes in bulk are such a great deal ! I recommend them for shipping most items . I have used them for standard text book sales . GREAT DEAL !
 Shipped fast and though they may be generic , they 're fine and work great , came fast and you ca n't beat the price . I did order 10.5 x16 though and my last order had just slightly smaller envelopes . I sell books a lot and while you might not need to separately bubble wrap your books since these are padded , I always do -LRB- but I 've done that with the more expensive envelopes also . -RRB- Even doing that , I could get away with the SLIGHTLY smaller envelopes I got before - maybe 10x15 or 10.5 x15 or even 14 , for standard books and dvd sets , just fyi . Still , these work great and are priced right . Nice job !
 The folders are adequate , not like the 3M bubble envelopes you get in the stores but with the money you spend on these you could only buy three 3M folders and they do the exact same thing . This size is great it will hold any thickness of book you need even an 8 x 11 book easily and if you want to really economize you can cut them in half and use them for two DVD envelopes .
 I ordered these mailers for my own online bookselling service , and was/continue to be satisfied as I use them . They 're affordable , definitely more convenient than purchasing post office mailers every day , and seem to be effective enough to protect my books through the shipping process . A good purchase for anyone who frequently has books or basic media to mail .
 I had a very large book collection and needed envelopes to mail them . These envelopes have very good bubble wrap on the inside . The sides seem strong and the adhesive flap is very strong also . This envelope was great for textbooks and other large books . I even cut the envelope for some custom jobs and it worked amazingly . Great envelope .
 These envelopes are great for shipping . They similar to the ReadyPost brand you can purchase at the Post Office - only these are way more cost effective . I am selling a bunch of my books on ebay - since I recently purchased a nook . I was able to easily ship all of the books using these envelopes . These envelopes protect your shipment due to the bubble packing material . These are very versatile ; they can ship a wide range of different things . I also like that they are self sealingThese are going to be my choice for future purchases . I do n't think you will be able to find a more cost effective alternative .
 I 've never had one of these mailers tear or fail in any way . The glue is high quality . I always use them for shipping books .
 Great product at a great price . Was using a cheap Chinese manufactured product that was very inferior . These are the best for the money . Very fast ship .
 I am so very pleased with the people whom I ordered the envelopes and tape from.I was a little upset because the tape did n't come with the envelopes - they emailedme 1st thing the following Monday morning -LRB- I emailed them on Saturday -RRB- , indicating that the tape was sent under separate cover . They continued to keep in touch with me to see if I received the tape -LRB- which I did - that same Monday -RRB- . I am so very impressed with their service - would I purchase more from them ???? YOU BETCHA !!! THANKS FOR A JOB VERY WELL DONE . I received my order so promptly , I was surprised I got it that quickly . Thanks again !
 Do n't even bother going to the big box office stores for this kind of shipping material . These guys beat the pants off of the competition . Of course you do have to plan ahead because there is shipping involved , but with what you save , it is well worth it . I will be ordering again and again .
 What can you say about mailer envelopes ? These are your standard self sealing mailers . They seem well constructed and the durable , and the self sealing strip is quite sticky . 103/8 '' x 151/8 '' is quite roomy and the bubbles appear to be well inflated for maxium protection during shipping . That 's about all I can them.I would like to praise the shipper . The box of envelopes did n't arrive quickly but was within the shipping timeframe so no complaints there . The mailers were neatly packed in the box and the shipper sent me 53 , not just 50 . That makes the incredible savings on this even better . My local office supply store charges up to four times what this cost me . If you are looking for a great deal and need bulk oversized padded envelopes , this is it !
 The bubbles are not very thick , so there is not as much padding as the name brand bubble mailers . Still , I recieved them super fast and they were very inexpensive . It really just depends what you are going to use them for .
 These are just as advertised . Very high quality and fast secure shipping . There are allot of different sellers for these and the seller for me was Valumailers . They did a great job . Be aware that the cost of these are very dynamic and can move up and down 2-3 times a week . Good luck !
 I am really happy with my purchase of this product , and I intend to buy again when I run out . I bought these because they were large enough for most things I would ever want to mail . I have been selling my old book collection , and I cut the mailer in half and can then mail two books with one envelope . I do wish that these were waterproof , but I knew that they were n't when I bought them . Also , my one complaint about the product is that the bubble liner ends about .5 to 1 in before the top , so that if you have something really long , the end of it -LRB- if it is near the flap -RRB- wo n't be padded . This is remedied by just sticking the flap down further , tucking the un-bubbled portion of the mailer down . But , if I cut the bubble mailer in half , often I do n't have enough space to do this so some is un-padded . That said , I am still happy with this purchase and will purchase more when I run out .
 The quality is great , perfect for shipping books or other light-weight items -LRB- I 'm using it to ship books I sell -RRB- . The bubble wrap & material is sturdy and durable -LRB- I handle a lot of different types of mailers because I receive a lot of packages -RRB- . The adhesive is n't very reliable , but I backup all my packages with shipping tape regardless.I 'm new to buying/shipping items so I was a bit unsure about the different sizes . This would fit any of the books/novels I sell , notebooks , and thin/moderately-sized textbooks -LRB- among other things you 'd like to ship -RRB- . It 's a little bigger than a school folder and should fit things adequately without getting too tight.Overall , it 's a great mailer and I 'd easily order more . Not too sure about pricing since I 'm always looking for the best deals , but this kind of mailer is great .
 I was very pleased with my order . Order arrived promptly . This is probably the best price for this kind of bulk order - I looked through other sites and found the cost to be at least $ 18.00 , if not more . Great quality & authenticity of envelopes . I bulk-order these and recommend them to everyone !
 I 've been using these mailers for mailing books . The envelopes are of good quality , the seal on the peel-n-stick is excellent . I have been cutting the envelopes to fit smaller items , so the larger size allows me a lot of flexibility . The bubble wrap inside is sealed well to the envelope also , so when the envelope is cut in half , the bubble wrap stays intact .
 This particular brand of mailers work just fine for delivering books and cd 's . When shopping for this type of padded envelope , always shop for the best deal ; for example , free shipping .
 I have been using these pens for a couple years now , and I ca n't imagine using any other pen . The size is perfect for fitting in your pant 's pocket without having to worry about the pen being visible through your pants when it falls sideways -LRB- as regular length pens often do -RRB- . The ink in these pens is gel , and I really like the way it looks on paper . However , if you write fast and tend to drag your pen across the page , then these pens might be too messy for you.My only complaint and the reason that I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the ink runs out quicker -LRB- which is to be expected due to the smaller size -RRB- , but there are no refills for sale on the market -LRB- at least not that I have been able to find -RRB- . Other than that , I strongly recommend these pens !
 This is a great product ... many nice features -LRB- date and time stamp etc ... -RRB- ; and it works first time , every time . Five Stars
 We have this answering machine , and our family is very pleased with it . I bought it at a second-hand store , so I 'm not sure how old it is , but we 've had it awhile , and it still works great .
 This was a great product if you are looking for an answering machine that is easy to use and does the job . First this is a General Electric product and you can never go wrong with any of their products . Easy to use , sound clarity was good and I like the easy one touch playback feature and remote call in feature . Again this is very easy to use and not complicated like a lot of the other brands .
 There is not much that can go wrong with photo paper at least in the short term . This is the first year I planned to print the holiday cards at home and since I have a Canon digital camera and a Canon printer , I have always used Canon photo paper . It was impossible to find this size paper in stores , even a Canon representative I talked to once mistakenly said they do n't make that size paper . So I was glad to be able to get this size paper from Amazon although the price was not discounted at all - its the manufacturer 's suggested price . I had some problems with printing because my printer -LRB- i900D -RRB- does not support borderless printing for this size paper but the bordered holiday cards that I printed were quite good . I had to order a second pack of this paper after we unexpectedly ran out of the first one . Would definitely use this paper for making cards in future - only hope that Canon updates the printer driver to support the paper they manufacture .
 The photo paper is of excellent quality . My only very minor complaint is the envelopes that come with it . They are little too large and not the best quality , but I was happy that it came with envelopes at all .
 This photo paper is the best quality photo paper . My 4x8 photo cards looked as good as ordering them through an online service . I 'm very happy .
 I like to design my own cards for holidays , birthdays , invitations and just for fun . These cards have superb print quality , are thick and fit nicely into the envelopes . They do n't show fingerprints when handled . A great all around photo card !
 I love this paper as the rest of Canon 's products . Sharp image - great quality !
 This new laminator is a good product . It is a lot quieter than the last laminator I had .
 I purchased a laminator online , I was apprehensive at first , unsure if after paying for the product if I would get and if I did get it , if it would be the right thing or even if it would work . I was pleasantly surprised ! It works great ! It laminates larger than I have ever been able laminate before , for a desktop unit the width of 15 '' is truly amazing . Not only did the shipment arrive at the time the said , I was constantly sent emails informing me of the status of my products . As to the product itself , shopping online is now my preferred way to shop . I have overcame my fear of online shopping , it is great , the products are working perfectly . They were packaged well .
 That is exactly you will need to organize and keep update every planed dive.It will protect your tables and log pages from water , sand and wind.It is cool that has several bags to storage your eRDP and keep your SCUBA diver ID ` sI totally recommend it : -RRB-
 Not too much to say about this , aside from that it is a simple dive log book , but it has space to keep your certification cards and a pen , so it is always set for your next dive vacation . The binder seems well made , with high quality nylon , and the red dive flag pattern on the outside is nice and bright without being tacky . It seems that most of the time your options are black or tacky . This is much better .
 - the title says it all , it came with 27 log book pages , it has 3 pen holders , one license holder -LRB- which is not good -RRB- and a flap at the end which can hold some pages , overall it is great and it is slightly big .
 THIS IS A VERY NICE DIVE LOG BOOK THAT SEEMS TO BE WELL CONSTRUCTED TO LAST THE YEARS TO COME . JUST ADD MORE LOG PAGES
 Excellent quality on the book its self . the pages are a little thin but you can buy any refill you want . Great canvas exterior . Should provide years of service .
 Item was as ordered and arrive in a timeley manner . I would order again in the future based on this experience .
 Ordered this for my son and am very pleased . Zips closed and everything stays safe . Nice and durable . Attractive design . Very satisfied with this purchase .
 I got one of these books for my son and one for my self . It looks like it will hold up much better than the old paperback versions . We will be putting them to good use on a Roatan trip in Jan. .
 Useful , clearly laid out by month , lightweight for carrying . Made well .
 I needed a cork board above my desk to keep the ` important ' items separated from the forever incoming mail.The board fills that need , and the price was right . The board came in less time than was posted . All around , it was a good deal .
 The product is as described , of reasonable quality . There is nothing fancy about it . The item is made in China .
 GREAT PRODUCT WITH EASE OF USE AND WAS WELL PACKAGED SO NO DAMAGE WAS CAUSED . GOOD PRODUCT FOR PRICE GIVEN
 Excellent . Why are 19 words required when one word describes it all . I 'm not a college graduate . I work for a living .
 I got this for my daughter for her bedroom and she absolutely loves it ! She can clip her pictures onto it and she can show all of her friends ! Amazing product and it came in tact !
 The first one I received was broken and the company replaced it promptly . I would definitely recommend this company . Good customer service .
 great item for the price . Holds everything well ! I am in the dissertation phase of my PhD and needed somewhere to tack up loose papers . This has ample space and leaves me room for additional motivational items as well ~ ! Quality is great and price was just right !!!
 So happy with this paper . The bonus ... I was able to print on both sides of the paper . When I needed to run some test sheets , I was able to use one sheet twice ! Not bad for school projects . I will purchase more matte photo paper for sure .
 I bought this for use for the small doo-dads I always have floating around in my classroom . I LOVE it !
 Works as you probably intended it too . Only complaint is that the compartments are not made from acrylic so they are not perfectly clear .
 When I needed to shop for a storage organizer I was kind of surprised by how much they cost . This is one of the more modestly priced options and is exactly what I needed and wanted . The different sized drawers work well for the various pieces I use . Good choice . Seems plenty well-made to last .
 I 'm a professional artist and find these storage cabinets perfect for all the little stuff I need to store . Bought several of them and they are perfect for what I need.The one problem I have is the way they are packaged ; virtually no protection except a piece of wadded up paper . I 'm lucky they have arrived without damage . Amazon , you need to teach your employees how to package items property !
 i am totally satisfied with my purchase of stack on cabinet.I purchased it to store little houshold stuff like buttons , artificial jewelry , cable connectors etc etc. . The only complaint i have is some of drawers are misaligned and you may feel that only when you are taking them out or closing them-i do n't think shipping has anything to do with it as they were packed nicely and securely.mostly the ones at bottom row.Also It would be nice if manufacturer provided courtesy dividers instead of offering them seperately .
 Purchased 2 of these wonderful organizers because I needed to decrease the amount of furniture in my bedroom . I needed to reorganize the items that were previously in a makeup vanity and jewelery amoire and these two organizers were perfect for this . Great Value ! Items arrive in perfect condition and on time . Will buy more to organize my office .
 I just keep ordering these for my business and hobbies.They are stackable , and if you watch your dimensions you can stack different units with different drawers.No , they do not come with drawer dividers and they should . The good news is the dividers are relatively cheap to order by mail .
 My friend and I used these to make teacher tool kits . It works great as a place to store staples , rubber bands , pens , markers , etc. . It took a lot of clutter off of my desk !
 Purchased for my daughter to use as her teacher 's toolbox . Only disappointment was minor damage to the back of one Drawer set either post packaging or during transit as the shards of plastic were found in the wrapping . Does n't stop the unit from being used .
 Works great - Deep drawers - Mounts on wall easily , gray color matches my walls really well - I have purchased numerous drawers systems like this and they work really well
 I was skeptical of this item do to some of the reviews but I have had no issues with it breaking or being broken . I have never been more organized ! I do wish it were little bigger but that 's my fault as I should have purchased a larger one .
 Like everyone else , I wish they had the dividers included with the box , but it 's a great little organizer . Some of the drawers had burrs left over from the injection port when they were molded . These prevented them from sliding out all the way . I took a knife and trimmed them off , then they worked flawlessly . I would definitely recommend these for the price .
 Accidentally ordered this instead of the model I was really needing . The company accepted the return without a problem , which was/is greatly appreciated .
 First - this is the expansion hand set - you need the other part for this to work.If you have ONE spot in your house you can only use your cell phone , this is for you.It 's a great device . Your cell phone rings ... . you have the home phone in your hand , and a little light flashes that says `` cellular '' . You push the button and you are now connected to your cell phone VIA your home phone handset.Not hard to set up , but you need bluetooth.One complaint , the caller id is n't ever right when someone calls my cell . I just ignore it.Now I can use my cell phone ALL over my house and get crystal clear reception . Just put the phone where you get reception - turn on the bluetooth , Viola!Your cell must be within 3 feet of the base station for it to work.I love it . It 's a great phone for people who ca n't talk on their cell phones at home because of poor reception !
 Great product : Pros :1 . Bluetooth works with blackberry Curve and blackjack . Get incoming calls and make outgoing calls on cell phones by hitting the cell phone button .2 . Separate ringer for bluetooth cell phone lets you know where the call is coming too .3 . Assign separate ringers from list of 15 + to all you 're frequent callersCons :1 . Have to program each phone individually . Why ca n't they just clone from base , or auto transfer phonebooks2 . Battery life is short . A day and a half off base and the phones dead .3 . bluetooth was tricky for a while . I had to reset it a time or two . But now it 's pretty reliable .
 This phone is a great phone . It is used as another handheld in our set . We needed another for our newly finished basement . It really does a lot for the money . The sound quality is great and we have actually dropped our phones on the tile floor several times and they hold up very well . You really ca n't go wrong buying this set .
 I had the base station and a single handset for about a year and just added an extra handset . The whole system is easy to set up and works well .
 I have been a faithful Panasonic user for cordless phones . With some reluctance I purchased the at & t phone . It had all of the features I was looking for and then some . I have used the phone for several months now and I am amazed at the quality of this phone . The buttons are large enough and seperated well from the other buttons so you do n't make entry errors . The menus are easy and logical . You can call each handset seperately or all at one time . I like a cordless phone with a base that has a keypad and the keypad is excellent . I have n't had a chance to use the bluetooth conections yet but the possibilities are exciting . The phone comes with the base and one extra handset . Additional handsets are available . This is my only negative about the phone . The price of the handsets . At $ 70 per handset you invest some pretty good money by the time you buy 3-4 extra handsets . However , the system is flawless as a system . I believe this phone is worth the money . I would buy it again .
 i ordered two expansion handsets , one works fine but need to return the other to ATT Return Center to exchange for another . The LCD display of the returned one did not work for some reasons . Anyway ATT was prompt in shipping a new one to me . The original seller ran out of stock of this model . too bad !
 This At & T EP562 is an add on to my current system . The whole system works great . It allows me and my wife to add our cells to the system though blue tooth and only have to answer one phone for the land line and both cells . You can be on the land line and the other person can call out on the cell line . It 's GREAT
 Love this phone . I have the base/answering machine and lost the handset so I bought this to replace . Love that it can store 100 directory entries .
 I NEEDED A REPLACEMENT FOR MY AT&T ; PHONE SYSTEM.ONCE AGAIN , THE CO. . GOT IT TO ME AS PROMISED . PRODUCT WORKS AND THECO . WHO SHIPPED IT GOT IT TO ME FAST .
 I got this phone because my old cordless died and I wanted to replace it with something that would link to our cell phones so I did n't have to keep both the cordless and the cell phone at hand and close by -- too many phones to carry around all the time ! It also means that I do n't have to deal with the small and awkward cell phone handset when I want to call my son , who lives 1,800 miles away . I can use my cell phone free long distance unlimited minutes , but get the comfort of a full-sized handset.This phone has done everything that it said it would do . There are plenty of things that it will not do -- like , sync my phonebook from my cell phone to the cordless , for example . But , I did n't read anything that suggested that it would , so I ca n't `` knock off stars '' for that.When I compared what this phone does for the price , I really think it is the best value out there . If you want something that will allow you to use one handset to answer or call your home phone and your bluetooth cell phone , this is the way to go !
 I have had a problem with digital cordless phones , dead zones in my house , etc. . This phone works perfectly and I love the fact you can add you cell phones to it .
 This phone is the add-on for the AT&T 5.8 GHz Digital Phone . It is identical to the phone that comes with the base and links to the base system very easily . The phone is light , well made and easy to use . Each of these phones may be personalized in setup .
 We replaced an eight year old AT&T with this system and am still trying to find a reason not to have made the switch . Great reception , no network interference and a host of great features including bluetooth make this a great buy . We thought we could answer the land line with our cells before the purchase so understand you ca n't do this . Although we have n't used the conference feature yet , you can conference the cell line and the land line . We love the speaker phone at every station .
 After reading a sampling of reviews I went a head and bought this phone and it has turned out well . I have no complaints .
 This phone has excellent sound , range , and no interference from anything in our house , and the speaker phone works very well , but that does n't justify the cost.What does justify the cost is the Bluetooth connection to my cell phone . When I walk into the house , my cell phone -LRB- Motorola W385 -RRB- beeps , telling me it has established connection to the ATT phone . When the cell phone rings , so do all the ATT handsets . When you look at the ATT handset , you can tell by a blinking button whether the call is on the land line or cell phone , and you hit the appropriate button and talk . My wife 's cell phone -LRB- LG8350 -RRB- does n't always connect when she brings it into the house ; I do n't know what the difference is.Oddly , the handsets have to be programmed separately from the base unit -- time date , and speed-dial numbers . Overall , though , I 've been pleased with the phone .
 I originally bought the GE Fusion phone -LRB- DO NOT BUY IT -RRB- the backup battery for it does not work and if you have a cable phone the answering machine does not work either ... . This phone is very nice though and it works like a dream ... . I have had it for 6 months without any trouble . The range is very long as well ... I can walk about 50-75 yards from my house before it starts to get any static . And can go over 100 Yards before it totally stops working ... . If you need more than that get a cell phone lol !
 This prouct is great to use cellphones on regular phone system . Very convenient . A good buy for the price .
 I have one on the base and 7 other handsets , one even in the garage . When power goes out it will still work for I believe it 's over 2 hours . I think it 's the best phone I 've ever owned , the range is very good , and the battery last for days without being in the charger.I even forgot one handset outside for a few days , went through a rain storm , I was sure it was done for , but no it kept right on working.Good job AT
 We love these phones ! They have have wonderful reception and many adjustment controls , along so many other features -- including a color display , directory , and many different unique ringtones . You can actually record your voice into the phone -LRB- sing a song , etc. -RRB- and THAT can be the ringtone ! We have tried it and it works ! You could record your favorite song on it from your CD player too . You can label each handset on the display with `` LIVING ROOM , '' `` KITCHEN , '' `` OFFICE , '' etc. so you know what cradle to put it on . You can call someone from another room using the intercom and I really love how I can check and erase messages from ANY phone in the house . They make a great nightlight at night too if you are walking around for a minute and press `` end . '' They light your path very well for about 30 seconds . I have not tried linking it to my cell phone yet . My toddler or I dropped the phone on a very hard tile floor several times and one of our displays has gone in and out because of that , but that was our fault . Everything else continued to work very well . We had always had dud phones , so I was so happy when we found these , because they are wonderful phones and have every feature I was looking for . Buy them if you need a very reliable quality phone !
 When I bought the base station -LRB- EP5632 -RRB- it came with only one handset . I found the expansion handsets -LRB- EP562 -RRB- that I needed on Amazon . This is a terrific phone system . It has everything you could ask for . The expansion handsets integrated quite easily . All menus are completely intuitive . The voice quality in the remotes is outstanding . I highly recommend the system .
 This answering system hand set is awesum , and always works when its suppose to . Kuddos to AT&T .
 I had the base station and a single handset for about a year and just added an extra handset . The whole system is easy to set up and works well . Now that we have 2 handsets we 've been making use of the intercom feature , much better that shouting from room to room .
 We already had the base set and one hand held set but needed another hand held receiver . This product has given us no problems and adding the 3rd hand set was easy and uncomplicated . Works great .
 PRO : It does what it is supposed to do.If you desire what it 's features are , then go ahead and buy it.You wo n't be sorry.I am very well satisfied with this product ; I now have a total of 4 of these as cordless extensions to the compatible base unit.This gives me more efficient usage of my cellphone when at home while still retaining usage of my landline using the same base and cordless units.CON : As with any cordless phone that uses the 5.8 Hhz microwave band , penetration through exterior walls of a dwelling is poor.With the base unit usually located inside the dwelling the coverage out and about one 's yard can be somewhat spotty.The newer model that uses the DECT 6.0 technology is actually the 1.2 Ghz radio band ; this will be better to penetrate a dwelling 's exterior walls .
 This handset works well , and connected to the base station without any problems . We like the intercom feature , since it saves a number of trips up and down the stairs , and the hold feature works to isolate the call while paging . The range and battery life seem fine , and the sound is adequate . This is , in fact , the only thing keeping it from 5 stars ; the sound is only adequate . It 's a little bit tinny , and there are moments when it 's not fully duplex , but partially mutes the other party if I am talking . It 's not a serious problem , but it does miss perfection .
 This system works very well - does everything it is advertized to do and does it well ... I got one of the GE Fusion DECT systems and had problems from the beginning , so much so that I trashed it - I figured the cell phone integration with the house phone was just too much to ask ... when I went to select a `` regular '' system to replace the GE , I saw this AT&T ; product with very similar features and decided to try once more.Couldn ' t be happier with the AT&T ; system ... works perfectly ... have 6 remote phones in addition to the base - can tailor each to function just like we want for each location it serves ... the color display is nice -LRB- the GE units were mono -RRB- ... cell integration is flawless .
 My wife is always getting up in the evenings to get calls via her cell phone . I thought that the AT&T EP562 would help make her evenings a little less hectic.The phone has worked great thus far.The phone does have way more features that we will ever need . The ringers can all be set up to ring a different sound . It was initially annoying to have three different ringers going off at once and the all need to be set the same.My sony W300i seems to periodically disconnect from bluetooth . I 'm not sure why . Since my wife is the primary user and her cell -LRB- a RAZAR V3 -RRB- has had none of those problems I 'm ok with it.Its like carrying two phones around with you in one handset . The speaker phone function is a nice plus . Overall it does what I want it to .
 I mail a lot of books and these are perfect for large books . No damage ever comes to the material and the envelopes are not expensive in bulk .
 I have had this phone for 11 months and have never had a problem with it . The TeleZapper 's single beep that happens at the beginning of every phone call is a little distracting , but both I and the people I talk to regularly have gotten so used to it that we do n't even mention it any more . Also , I enjoy using the telephone book feature where you can scroll through the names & phone # 's you 've saved , select the name you want , hit a button & it calls the # for you . I realize this is a very common feature now , but I just wanted to mention it because it is very easy to use on this particular phone , and I use it regularly.After reading all the other customer reviews where people have interference , volume level , etc. problems , I thought I ought to put up a solid 5-star review , since I have no complaints with this phone.Okay , maybe once I happened to be using the phone while I used the microwave at the same time , and that might have interfered with understanding the person I was speaking with on the phone . -LRB- If I had moved away from the microwave to another room , I might not have had that problem at all . -RRB- However , that 's just the risk you take with a 2.4 GHz phone , since they operate on the same wavelength with many baby monitors , microwaves , etc. . However , this isolated incident would never stop me from buying this phone again.I bought the extended warranty contract that Best Buy offers when I bought this phone , and I have NEVER felt the need to take the phone back .
 I 'm really happy with this phone . It 's sleek , the reception is clear , and I think it 's working in cutting down on telemarketing calls . I 've had no problems with it . I really like the readout display , and it 's easy to program . My boyfriend just ordered one too .
 THIS IS THE PHONE AS A REWARD FOR DOING GOOD IN SCHOOL . yOUR SON OR DAUGHTER WILL LOVE YOU FOR IT . SLEEK , COMPACT , USES BOTH 2 . Gzh High Frequency as well as compatiable for the callers still using 900mzh . Zaps out marketing so your child does not be fooled nor spend money too fast . I tis pretty near the gift to consider providing with their first credit card . Credit card for practrically challange with credit and a ad free phone in all people `` wish List '' In addition , always check the cost of s/h from anywhere you but products . I SUGGEST THE CHARISMATIC ZsHOPHERE AS HE WE THEY HAVE THE BEST PRICE FOR THE DOLLAR AND IF NOT IT 'S DUE TO REASONS I M NOT EXPLAIN . iNFLATED SHIPPING PROVIDES A FEW DOLLAR DISCOUNT ? hARDLY . iT MAKES UP FOR THE LOW PRICE . AND NEVER BUY USED FROM A FAMILY OF SMOKERS . Thank you for visiting AMAZON.COM
 It really works ! As a homeowner with a two month old , we 'd finally had enough of those irritating `` unknown '' callers . Everyone was selling everything ! The Telezapper stopped the phone calls with `` no one on the line '' , the hang ups , and the solictations -LRB- let the answering machine pick up & they get ZAPPED ! -RRB- . We saw a difference within a few days and were so pleased ! It is reducing those computer dialed calls every day ! This is a winner in our home and we 've purchased them for Christmas gifts !!! BYE BYE SOLICITORS ! More time for baby and peace & quiet !
 This phone is great ! Not only does it `` zap '' computer-generated telemarket calls , but it lets you know when you have messages on your voice mail with a flashing red light on the base . The display is bright and very easy to read and the directory and memory dial are easy to program . Only one complaint - you can not hang the base on the wall , but the pros definitely outweigh the cons . Would I recommend this phone ? Absolutely !
 this is the best phone have ever had . it has great reception , and i love the built in telezapper device . if you want a phone that lasts get this one
 I bought this phone after reading a lot of reviews from various sources . So far -LRB- after four weeks -RRB- , I am quite pleased with my purchase . The clarity is fine , even when I 'm near my computer equipment and microwave . And I 've gone into the yard without any degradation in signal . The battery lasts all day , and I keep it off the cradle all day . And finally , yes , the Telezapper does work . I 've noticed a decrease in the number of telemarketing calls in the month I 've owned this phone . My two cents ...
 I 'm really happy with this phone . It 's sleek , the reception is clear , and I think it 's working in cutting down on telemarketing calls . I 've had no problems with it . I really like the readout display , and it 's easy to program . My boyfriend just ordered one too .
 I bought this phone because while I liked the idea of the Telezapper and knew it worked , I had had poor luck with the plain Telezapper units that you plugged directly into your phone jack . My sister mentioned that she had this phone and liked it , so I figured it was worth a try.Like any phone , especially any * cordless * phone , it 's not perfect . There are areas of my house where I do n't get great reception . Also , if I use it very close to my computer , I lose my wireless network connection , though that * did * happen occasionally with the last cordless phone I had , also.I personally had no problems with my digital answering machine in relation to this phone , but that might be because it 's hooked up to a different phone -LRB- but on the same phone line -RRB- . I feel that the Caller ID , Call Waiting Caller ID , and speed dial options are more than satisfactory.Since there are such widely varying reviews of this phone , my advice to anyone who is interested in it is to go ahead and give it a try , because it might be just what you were looking for . If it is n't , I 'm quite sure you can return it and get your money back .
 We got this as a way to write our menu in bright colors . It had to be able to be seen from far away . Check out the customer submitted photos for a pic of the board in action . Now to how it works : Ours did come with a slight ding in the face . It is not really noticeable but just like a black automobile it is easier to see surface imperfections on black than it is on white . When erasing you should use a damp cloth , especially if you will use this outside in the sun , for any length of time . Erasing the marker can be a pain if you left it on for a while . Little fluorescent bits are left behind that get pushed into the edge.Pros : + Large size means that it can be seen from a good distance + Included markers look very bright and appear to last a while + Hangers on top and bottom allow for you to flip it if you need toCons : - Dents easily , so be careful - Cleaning markers off can take some workOverall this was a great solution for us and we really love this sign.Thank you for reading my review .
 Exactly what was needed to advertise our daily specials . Can be seen from the street due to the neon markers that we ordered to go with it . much better than the boring white boards .
 It 's always a productive day to wake up to a cool looking dry erase board filled with my daily agendas ... This is a great purchase to the persons who need to visually see ideas/plans/thoughts written out ... & being that it 's a black board with neon markers adds to the coolness
 These are nice . I bought 2 and am going to use them as my `` daily special '' boards at my concession stand in Hawaii . The markers that come with the board at first seemed all dryed up , but it just took a little time for the fluid to move down the wick . The colors are bright and really are a great contrast on the black board . These are really much nicer than the traditional white board . This is more wet than dry erase . Even with free shipping to Hawaii , Amazon Prime had the best price I could find on these boards . Again , Amazon beats them all . I am very happy I bought the Prime package , and have just started taking advantage of the benefits .
 I actually bought one these from Belkin for free , just had to pay shipping , but of course this was a few years ago and now it was starting to rip , full of dead skin and I washed it many times , one to many.So I thought it was time for a new mouse pad and so I decided to get the same one that I got and it just works , it 's simple mouse pad , mouse slides nice and smooth and grips well to the desk!I do n't know what else I can say , it 's just a mousepad ! It does it 's job as a mouse pad and does it well .
 - Very smooth with my magic mouse . - It 's thick , but not too thick -LRB- around 0.2 '' -RRB- , so it 's good . - very soft and its edge does n't hurt you , good for your wrist . - Size is around
 I really enjoy my new mouse pad . My old generic one fell apart and I found this online . I like the sleekness of it and the fact it is plain black means it does n't look tacky like other mouse pads .
 I ca n't believe people are complaining about this having a horrible odor . REALLY-maybe if you hold it up to your nose and inhale for awhile , sure it will smell rubbery . Not and issue and it fades after awhile anyway . Anytime you unwrap something that is made with some rubber or plastic it will have and odor . It works fine . Come on - its a MOUSE PAD !
 It 's black and rugged . It does what it was designed to do . I had n't really noticed a rubber odor coming from it , as one reviewer complained . Holding it up to my nose I do smell a faint sent of old tires , but it does n't bother me . I 'd buy another one of these .
 At first I was quite unhappy because this mouse pad did not stink like the mouse pads other reviewers had written about . I was going to complain and return it to Amazon but decided to let it be and try to get along without a smelly mouse pad . Other than a lack of a stench , it seems to work pretty well as a mouse pad.Now that being said , I must say that it is a good size . Once I put it in the cage it lays flat and it looks like about 32 mice can sleep on it at one time . They all get a good night 's rest with this mouse pad and all wake up cheery and happy and full of beans and ready for a good day 's work on the old exercise wheel or tearing through the maze like gangbusters.UPDATE
 Worth it . . Great feelIng on my hand . Better the ones 2 times the cost . . I wish it came in gray
 I love these pads . Great price here . especially if you can take advantage of the shipping discounts.I HATE when I see friends using just table tops that get worn out or fancy mouse pads with images on them . In either case , the optics of the mouse bounce off the varying surface and send the pointer all over the place . I buy these and give them out and what a relief for the users.Plus , they are a little thicker , which I like , and they do not slip . Easy to clean IF they get dirty . I just use a little packing tape to pull off junk , which it rarely attracts.The mouse just flows on top of it . It will eventually fray and wear under heavy use , but not too quick . And for the price , you can afford a back-up . F8E089-BLK is the number I search for . I do n't use anything else , and Amazon has taken good care of me again . Thanks Amazon !!! Oh , and thanks Belkin for this great product . Please do n't be like some who discontinue or try to improve on something already perfect .
 honestly i dont see how you can belittle this mouse pad unless it came up torn up , but thats the shipment and sellers fault.this thing does smell terrible at first but you will get used to it , all mouse pads are like that , i mean its made from rubber for goodness sakesi got this thing when it was on sale for 1.03 . kinda hard to say no to something like this . it works fine , and even if it does tear up in the month or sounless your in poverty , another 2 bucks or so isnt gon na hurt , but i hope thats not the case
 Humorous review title , huh ? If you intend to use these as a mouse pad or as a desk cushion without cutting the size down they will be excellent . But I wanted to cut the size down . Just wanted to pass on my experience . I got these to use as protective cushions under a desk phone , under a cable modem and wireless router , and under a pair of desktop speakers . All to protect the top of my cherry finished wood furniture office desk . So I am not using these as mouse pads . That said , I will share my experience . These are nice and the black is a match for my larger desk pad . My intent was to nicely cut these down to optimum sizes to fit under the above mentioned items . That said , I must say the cutting did not go well , so if you are looking at these for a similar purpose I thought it meaningful to mention . I tried using a rotary blade paper cutter , then an exacto knife , then even a razor blade . I do n't know what it is about the fabric on the top surface , but it just does not want to be cut cleanly . Instead it is difficult to cut accurately , such as straight lines -LRB- along a striight edge -RRB- or rounded corners , and it frays . That all !
 Product was exactly what I needed
 This mouse pad is great . Not too bad . It smells likes tennis balls . Great quality too . A really good . Not to shabby .
 It 's overall a good mouse pad . It gets the job done , and I 've yet to have a problem with it . Its fairly small so it can fit in a lot of places it normally could n't . Extremely affordable , I would totally recommend it .
 Came when expected . For some reason , the packager felt the need to put bubble wrap in there , like it could get damaged.It does exactly what it 's suppose to do . Obviously worth the money .
 what is there to say . Its a regular plain black mouse pad . It works like it should . my black mouse looks good o nit .
 The mouse pad was n't the right color but it still serves the same purpose & overall I am still satisfied .
 when I initially saw the price I was worried about the quality , but this mousepad is literally perfect ; its thick enough and perfectly functional
 I like this Pad it works well for my wireless mouse since I scared up my Desk and it did n't work so well on that ant more . So covers the defect and looks nice too . Stays in place well had one that move around alot so this is a plus .
 Great mouse pad with a nice grip on the bottom so it does n't slip and slide when you 're moving the mouse . Some people have complained about the smell . Yes , it did have a plastic smell when I first opened the package but the smell went away after a couple of days . Nothing to worry about .
 Its a mouse pad . If you are looking for a mouse pad at a good price this is a mouse pad for you .
 I bought this mouse pad as a replacement . It does its job just fine and is as described , although , the quality is not as good as I expected . Like , the edges seemed to be quite rough , there is no Belkin in the mousepad anywhere , and this makes me ponder whether this genuine mouse pad or not -LRB- I do n't think it is , there is no Belkin-ish quality -RRB- . Other than that , I am happy with my purchase and this indeed a bang for the buck .
 Very cheap , and very nice ! It stays on one spot and doesnt move around alot ! I like it alot and will be buying more !
 This mouse pad is thick and is very comfortable . It has NO smell whatsoever . If you need a new mouse pad buy it .
 Im Very sarisfied . It is big enough to use . I believe this price is perfect for the mouse pad . Dont have any cons so far .
 I do n't get why people would spend a lot of money on &#34; better branded &#34; mouse pads for gaming . This is more than enough .
 I bought it for my boyfriend , he says he likes it . It 's a pretty typical mouse pad for pretty cheap .
 The mouse pad is great quality for the price . Ive had good luck with Belkin products in the past ... . also some horrible luck ; however I decided to give them a try and I am so far not disappointed . The grip on the bottom of the pad holds to the glass top of my desk extremely well and the pad has really unlocked the potential of my mouse while gaming . This is a great upgrade from the cup coaster I had been using and another good product worth buying if you are looking for a generic , get the job done mouse pad .
 never used or had a mouse pad since 1996 i ca n't beleive i havanet epecially since i game so much : Vno wonder i couldt aim ... great item loved it !
 I chose this rating because i wanted a really wanted a good mouse pad . I have purchased other brands but they were not as good
 Very cost effective and works well . I was using a notebook for a mouse pad for a while so it 's great to have a mouse pad .
 This product was great . I would recommend to anyone anytime.Thanks youThis product was great . I would recommend to anyone anytime.Thanks you
 What can you say about a mouse pad . It 's rubber , it grips the surface , and you use it for you mouse . This one is thick and substantial ... and we 're pleased with it .
 First I would n't recommend a mouse pad for those who have expensive mouses . You do n't really need them . This mouse pad is cheap -LRB- under $ 5 -RRB- and it should work well . It 's soft and comfortable , and that 's all you really need.Some reviewers mentioned that the mouse pad smells . Well it does n't anymore and the smell is n't that bad .
 It is a black 8x9 rectangle of foam . Stop reading reviews . If you want it buy it if you want a &#34; prettier &#34; mouse pad go but that . Simple .
 honestly , I was not expecting much , essentially a basic mouse pad , but it is thick and durable . Came quick too .
 This was a nice little inexpensive perk to a computer order I placed . It is durable and holding up well .
 Unbelievable quality for the price . It 's worth much more ! This is perfect if you need a mouse pad without a wrist rest .
 This is just a basic mouse pad , but it 's great ! I had previously owned a mouse pad with a design on it and my optical mouse was having issues and was often jumping around the screen . I found this one on Amazon , and it was cheap with free shipping so I figured there was n't much to lose if the poor reviews were right.Upon opening the box there was a faint rubber smell as expected , but it went away almost immediately . My mouse works great on it and it blends in with my black desk . Could n't be happier .
 This mouse pad is a perfect size . It moves a mouse with ease . It also has a rubber grip that works well so it does n't slide around .
 We ordered 3 of these for the family and they are clean & sleek looking . Would recommend them to anyone .
 Super smooth surface and the size is great ! Can not think of any other mouse pad that I 've owned that was this big !
 Basic mouse pad , does what it 's supposed to and is really cheap , but smells like smoke the first week or two : /
 This is a great mouse pad . The bottom padding has enough friction to not randomly move around while using your mouse . The top surface also gives your mouse a nice glide .
 Excellent basic mouse pad . Not flimsy at all , no curling of corners whatsoever , works great with my laser mouse and is infinitely better than the piece of junk that came with my PC . Very happy .
 I 'm going to start by saying its really hard to screw-up a mousepad.This mousepad has no ` real ' flaws and is better than the typical free plastic ones that are given out as promotional gifts.This mousepad tracks my optical and laser mice perfectly fine , is around ~ 4mm thick , and does n't slide on the desk.Size is just right for my needs , and the edge-quality is acceptable.It goes without saying , at $ 3 & free shipping , this product is very inexpensive.I own several black , cloth mousepads -LRB- xtrac , steelseries , and a staples-brand one -RRB- , and the surface texture on this Belkin mousepad is fairly rough in comparison -LRB- rough , in the sense that denim is rougher than silk -RRB- The rougher texture provides more friction which depending on your preference can be good or bad -LRB- bad for most people -RRB- and it is rougher on your skin as well.If you have a Staples nearby , I recommend you pick up one of their mousepads for $ 3 . The staples mousepad is the same size/color/price but has a much smoother surface , and has a slightly thicker backing which provides more cushion for your wrist .
 When I opened the casing , I expected a smell that would funk up my room and make my eyes bleed but to my pleasant surprise , there was none . It was only when I held my nose up to the material that the smell of the rubber was detected . If you were afraid of the reviews about the smell , do n't be . But I bought mine from a company that was fulfilled by Amazon .
 Just got mine , thin but who cares still soft , had a sheet of cardboard before . Seems well made , took like two days to get here , does n't slip at all when used and looks great on my black glass computer table top , been looking for one for a while but did n't want to spend the nine dollars to get a large black one , usually the edges curl up so why spend a lot , three bucks and fee shipping very satisfied .
 I do n't know what that one guy is talking about . He said , `` The smell is intolerance . '' I 've smelled a lot of intolerance in my day , I know there is no way this mouse pad has any . I wanted to test it out a bit , so I took my mouse pad to the nearest community college . I saw a nice black guy doing his homework in the computer lab , so I asked him if he would place my mouse pad under the mouse . He did and it worked just fine . I tried this with everyone I found in the room . It worked for everyone . I held the mouse pad high in the air and stated , `` The day of racism and bigotry is over . If we all follow the values of this mouse pad , we can live together as one . '' Everyone cheered and I won the Nobel Peace Prize shortly there after .
 This mouse pad is everything I needed it to be . I did n't have a lot of money to spend at the time I bought it , so it fit into my budget perfectly . I have had it about a month or so & it has performed perfectly . It HAS NOT become frayed , nor separated like some cheaply made mouse pads will do , & because it 's black , it goes with everything.Would I encourage my friends & family to buy from this seller ? MOST DEFINITELY !! Would I buy again from this seller ? MOST DEFINITELY !! I give this seller 5 stars .
 very soft , flexible.I like it.It will better if it can be larger.But it still a good pad for its price .
 For the price this mouse pad is great ! When you first open it though , you get a strong rubbery smell but it goes away after a few weeks . Overall a great buy .
 If you are not a hardcore gamer and are looking for a simple mouse pad , this would do perfectly.At such a cheap price , this mouse pad is a great buy ! Although when first opened from the package , the smell was slightly weird , after couple weeks of use , the smell completely went away.Feels cushiony but firm at the same time . It is just an awesome buy .
 this mouse pad works great its not top of the line but it does the job it was made for ... very happy with the quality of this product
 How can I complain about a basic mousepad ? I ordered two and it gets the job done . I 'm not big on mousepads with designs . I 'm a plain jane and this mousepad is exactly that . Overall , I 'm happy with my purchases .
 I needed a new mouse pad badly , so I figured I 'd get the Belkin brand since I 'm a fan of their products.Its a nice size pad and it is very comfortable . I would recommend it .
 I just needed a basic mouse pad for my new SideWinder X3 mouse . This pad is large and smooth for usage . I like it very much.It is more comfortable than those with special padding for wrist support .
 This mousepad replaces a similar one I had , but this is a little thicker and the surface has much less drag , which is great . The medium size fits on my desk where there 's no room for a big one . There 's a slight aroma , but it 's not bad at all -LRB- sort of perfume/rubber in nature , not the disgusting chemical aroma of some Chinese electronic packages -RRB- .
 My new optical mouse was n't working well on my bare , woodgrain desk . I felt silly needing to buy a new mousepad since I 'd tossed all my old ones years ago . $ 2.99 and free freight later , the mousepad arrived . It 's actually thicker and nicer than I expected for the money and my mouse was immediately more accurate . It must have cost Belkin nothing to make considering what I paid , freight included , but I 'm happy .
 I ordered this mouse pad for my desktop for under 3 dollars it shipped quick and my mouse works much better with it
 I needed a new mouse pad since my old one was really bent and crooked , which cause the mouse to stutter sometimes . Normally , I would be fine with it , but as I am a gamer , I needed to have that extra pinpoint accuracy . So I decided to get this mouse pad . It was reasonably priced , and was n't prettied up or anything . Just a normal standard mouse pad . I used it for a round of Killing Floor and I got so much better accuracy with it . Was n't bent at all . Was in very good condition . Worth the price , I definitely recommend it . I use mine exclusively for gaming , -LRB- I have a laptop -RRB- but it really can be used for anything else . Surfing the web , MS paint , etc. . It 's a mouse pad ! I do n't know what more to say about it . : P
 nothing much to say - simple mouse-pad - works great - is smooth light weighthas a typically rubbery smell - will fade with timebest bang for the buck
 It is pretty thick ; about a quarter of an inch , sturdy the color is black and it works great !! No complaints here and its a GREAT PRICE !!!! I recommend it !!
 The mouse pad is as advertised . It 's the right size and it does n't slip on the disk . I 'll have to agree , it sure does smell .
 The pad came in an actual product package.It is very flexible and smooth ; the bottom has a type of grip-like texture . My mouse glides over it nicely . Love it.The feel is nice and the fabric/material used seems high quality .
 bought 2 of these pads have been using them for a couple of weeks and for the price ca n't go wrong
 It 's a nice , thick mousepad . Great for all your mousing needs . I bought two , one for the office and one for home .
 I had a similar style -LRB- fabric-over-rubber -RRB- mouse pad since the 90s that I got from a store as a `` gift with purchase '' . It worked with both ball and optical mice , but it started to peel from age . My old employer had some promotional pads made from vinyl and I could n't believe how much build-up generated on the bottom of the mice.Found these here at Amazon and ordered 3 - this is exactly what I wanted ... a durable fabric-over-rubber mouse pad , perfect size for the desk , inexpensive , and functional . No markings or logos on it , just plain black . Could n't ask for better .
 A simple black mousepad . Light but looks like it will hold up . Rubber backing is tacky enough to hold in place well
 I must only say it does the job VERY WELL ! The fabric is really soft , almost friction-less . I had to lower the sensitivity of my mouse to the minimum because it became very sensitive . But this is a good thing since it made the mouse actually more accurate . The rubber on the bottom is excelent , it does n't slip and is thick enough to make my wirst rest comfortable on it . Overall I wanted it because of the thick rubber . It feels just like a bed for my wirst and my mouse . Just what I wanted .
 Exactly what I was looking for.My mouse pad came as 7-3/8 '' by 9 '' but it 's a small difference and I still love the size ; it 's perfect for my limited desk space . Has a good thickness too.My HP optical mouse works flawlessly on this mouse pad . I 've been using this pad for over a month and it still looks brand new - no fraying , no dust or lint buildup , no tearing , no bubbling in the fabric . Any dust that does get on it , I just brush right off . I like to let a little of the pad hang off the edge of my desk for a wrist buffer -LRB- poor posture , I know -RRB- ; but even with this , it does n't show any signs of tearing yet.And it was cheap ! I purchased from Amazon . Standard Shipping -LRB- I 'm in New Jersey -RRB- brought the price to $ 10.57 I love this mouse pad.Update
 There 's not much one can be critical about when discussing mouse pads , is there ? The product arrived fairly quickly , was in perfect condition , and `` works '' fine . No complaints from me .
 You guys that gave this mouse pad a lower review just because it smells are a bunch of whinies , if you didnt like it send it back or suck it up . I paid 3 dollars for this it is more then i expected , its very comfortable , if easily offended by bad smells dont get it , the smell is ok , it is not all that overwhemling , you people dont know what a good deal is !!! Stop complaining and buy something else if you dont like it.UPDATE - it has been 2 months since i purchased this mouse pad and i can say that the smell finally went away
 Just wanted something small for my desk at work ... found this item cheap and works great for my what I was wanting .
 At the price that 's offered , it 's no wonder that thisBelkin 8-by-9-Inch Mouse Pad -LRB- Black -RRB- is the # 1 in sales for mouse pads . It 's simple , basic black and the perfect 9.2 x 8.3 inches that have almost become an industry standard . There are no duckies , Hawaiian tropical flowers , basset hounds , sports team logos , photos of Sports IllustratedSports Illustrated swimsuit models , hot air balloons , comic book characters , or images of mountains that you 'll probably never visit . It 's just a basic black mouse pad ; nothing more , nothing less.But ... oh , the smell ! Maybe that 's an added feature , a freebie that was n't noted in the product specs?Actually , there 's a fast and easy solution to remove that somewhat noxious odor , but bear with me so that you 'll understand the logic . Some of the first mouse pads were actually made from manufacturer 's scrap of the same neoprene foam backed with a thin sheet of nylon or Spandex that we find in Scuba and free-divewetsuits , and some of us made out own mouse pads from worn out or badly torn wetsuits.So what does this have to do with smelly mouse pads?That 's easy
 It 's a standard black mousepad . No damage to the edges and a sturdy rubber bottom , it 's exactly what I wanted and I could n't be happier with it .
 flat black pad helps make optical mouse significantly less `` jumpy '' .
 I wanted a mouse pad . Nothing fancy , no precision military-spec optical tracking surfaces , no airbrushed palm trees or customized pictures of my cat or anything , just a plain old mouse pad in sensible black.This Belkin pad looked like just the thing . But the reviews ... the reviews said it smelled a bit weird . Like rubber , maybe . Or wet dog . Or kind of just general unidentified chemical.But you know what ? I like the smell of new tires . Wet dogs I can take or leave , and as for chemicals , who does n't privately enjoy the scent of fresh Sharpie now and then ? So how bad could it possibly be ? I 'll show those whiners , complaining about a little factory new-mouse-pad smell . I am tough ! I can take a little rubbery scent for a few days . My curiosity thus piqued , I placed my order.Well.This puppy STANK . Stank like woahhhh . Stank like fermented burnt rubber with overtones of rancid butter and a smooth finish of petroleum byproduct . It was some serious funk going on with this mouse pad.So I left it in the basement to air out for a week . At the end of quarantine , it was still kind of stinky , but no longer overpowering , so I put it to work under the mouse . The air surrounding my desk quickly took on a distinctive odor , but I soldiered on . And I learned that the scent does indeed transfer to your hand . For two solid weeks I lived with a hand that occasionally reeked of the world 's smelliest mouse pad.But now , about three weeks in , the smell has mellowed . It 's now more like plain old rubber , and no longer clings to my mouse hand . You really have to bury your face in the mouse pad to get full olfactory experience now -LRB- though I ca n't imagine why you 'd want to -RRB- . Other than than , it 's a good basic fabric mouse pad . The mouse works good on it . Actual measurements are 73/4 '' x 91/4 '' x 3/16 '' thick.Bottom line
 First , shipping was on point . It was n't folded or anything and it was packaged very nicely . Looks to be a promising product . I 've had it for about two weeks or so . I cant really go into details but for the most part it does what computer mouse pads are supposed to do . This product is a great bang for your buck .
 Good flipping product . I am a satisfied customer . And it smells great too ! Nice and big and its better than using books .
 Not too much to say on this review of the mousepad . Picture almost looks like a purple color mousepad , but I can assure it is jet black . Very cheap and fits the bill . I see no durability issues with this and it looks and feels great .
 This mouse pad does exactly what I needed it to do . Very pleased with the purchase ! Easy to keep clean by just shaking it off , and smooth surface allows a laser mouse to do it 's job !
 It 's a good mouse pad . I got it for my wireless mouse and it works pretty good.Not sure if it 's a mouse problem or a mouse pad problem , but sometimes the mouse does n't move on my screen when the mouse pad is laid flat . If this is n't a mouse pad problem , then there is no problem.Would buy it again .
 For the price , this mousepad is amazing . It 's incredibly plain looking , but works quite well with my Logitech VX Nano laser mouse . The rubber underside works well on my wooden desk to keep the mousepad rooted in place . There is a distinct `` rubber '' smell when first opened , but after being left out for a few days , the smell faded significantly . If you 're looking for a great mousepad on the cheap , definitely check this one out .
 no rubber tire smell . sturdy . shake it to remove lint . easy to slip into computer bag.it IS A GREAT BUY FOR THE PRICE .
 Am using this pad right now and am very happy with it . No fancy graphics , no design you will get sick of later . Just a plain , simple , well-made item .
 The mousepad works pretty much like any other mousepad and I 'm glad it was available for so cheap . But I have been using this for a few weeks now and there was a strong smell when I opened it and the smell still has n't done . Cheap materials ? I do n't know , it does n't feel cheap when using it but the smell is getting annoying .
 Pros
 I got this mousepad because it was cheap . It has a rubber backing to keep it from sliding around on my glass desktop , which is more than I can say for the mousepads they sell at Ikea . The mousepad does smell like plastic for a while but it goes away .
 I read the reviews and decided to buy it because we needed a mouse pad . The price is right . The mouse pad is a good size and is sturdy . It stays put well on our kitchen table for our laptop . The only criticism is the terrible rubber smell when you first get it out of the bag . It was so strong that I had to put it down in the garage to air out for about a week . That helped and now I can only smell the rubber smell if I put my nose up to pad . But even now it is not near as strong as when I first got it out of the bag . If you have allergies or a sensitive nose you need to be warned , but the smell will go away with time .
 This mousepad is thicker than other ones I 've had which makes it more comfortable to rest my wrist on . It does smell a little bit , but it 's not too bad . It 's also bigger than other ones I 've had which is great because I tend to go off of the top of the pads for some reason but I have n't done that with this one . It works really well and smoothly with my mouse and it really is comfortable to use .
 It 's a mouse pad and it gets the job done . What more can I say ? All in all , a good price for a perfectly functional item .
 I have a laser gaming mouse that I was just using on my desk . I thought it was good enough for FPS 's , but when I started using this mouse pad , it just felt sooo comfortable and accurate . I would n't go back to a plain desk after this , and you do n't need those fancy `` gaming '' mouse pads , either . This will do just fine .
 I was just looking for something to go on my desk that my grandfather built so I do n't wear off the finish from my optical mouse . Perfect size and works great.Yeah , it does smell a bit like tires . But who cares ? Auto/motorcycle/mechanic types might just like it because it 's like a little bit of the garage inside the house ... but cleaner.If you do n't want the smell of tires in your house from this mousepad , then prove us all wrong and go blow a bunch more money on a different pad . Otherwise , keep on being frugal , suck it up , and buy this to fill a need .
 had a bad odour in the beginning , but the smell disappeared after a few days use . . awesome deal . . cheap and good quality
 For the price it 's more than worth it . Pretty smoth surface and great size . Not much more to say , if you 're looking for a pad you do n't need to pay more .
 It 's thick , has decent weight , grips the desk nicely , appears to be durable , and is slightly longer than it is wide . I 'm fully satisfied .
 Good grip on the desktop , with plenty of room for the mouse and your hand.I 'd been looking for a mouse pad with the special surface required for theKensington Slimblade.Kensington SlimBlade Notebook Wireless Mouse with Nano ReceiverThis was it ... for 2 bucks.You ca n't go wrong .
 I do n't know why you would need anything else . Great mousepad for the price . Highly recommended .
 The perfect fit for my new dell computer , could not find in the store but as always Amazon came through for me .
 Very pleased with this mousepad . Well made with good materials . Not like the cheap flimsy mousepads that you often see . Good solid rubber backing and reasonably thick pad . Good size for a netbook .
 really good mouse pad , simple and clean looking , in a very functional size . Good price as well .
 This is well made , durable , sticks to whatever surface you place it on and does n't slide around , and the top of it works great with my optical mouse . I 've been given free mousepads in the past at exhibits and conferences , but they always get sloppy and are more an advertising gimmick than anything else . This black pad looks like it is built to last for awhile . I 'm happy -- what else can I say about a mouse pad ?
 Great product for the price . Also great looking and very sturdy . Would definitely recommend .
 For the price , this mousepad is a good , inexpensive way to solve mouse problems . My optical mouse was `` jumping '' all over he the place , no matter what I used as a mousepad . I had exhausted the possibility of a software/malware problem and was ready to throw away the mouse for a new one . As a last resort , I thought to try a new mousepad . This one solved the problem . Not too big , nor too small , just right . And so was the price . Great value to solve an annoying problem ! Note
 I was n't expecting this mouse-pad to be of such high quality when I unpacked it , but boy was I surprised . It is n't like those cheap-o ones you buy at Walmart that are nearly paper thin . This particular mouse pad is pretty thick and is comfortable because of the padding its made out of . We bought two and they are both holding up real well .
 maybe I got one of the good ones but my pad was fine , no smell problem , nice cheap mouse padshows lint but anything black will show lint
 For the price why not get this . If you want a pretty picture you will have to pay more , but if you do n't care about that then this is the one
 I bought this mouse pad for $ 2 , $ 1.99 to be exact . The mouse is simple enough to be able to use a mouse on it . You can tell its cheap material obviously because its only $ 2 . It does what it needs to do and it made me happy . The only problem is the smell of the rubber.I do recommend this product if you are looking for something inexpensive , simple , and it does the job .
 I was afraid this would feel cheap . It is a standard mouse pad with about a quarter of an inch of padding . Certainly worth the price !
 This is a great standard mouse pad . Does n't seem to collect much dirt and grime , and my optical mice glide smoothly across it . Much better than the bare table I had my mouse on before .
 I bought this mousepad to provide a solid-color surface for my optical mouse to scroll across . The finish on my desk was scraping away , causing the mouse to work incorrectly , and this mouse pad fixed it right up . It works like a mouse pad should , and I would definitely buy another one.I do n't quite understand the comments about smell from here ? Yes , the packaging smells dreadful when you open it , but the mousepad does n't really carry a scent ... certainly manageable if there is one .
 This little piece of rubber excels at being a mouse pad ! Why pay $ 7 - $ 10 for one with a logo that will wear off in a few months ? With a glass top computer surface or a grill-like metallic surface like we have , we needed something to support an optical mouse to eliminate cursor hopping/stuttering and other graphical user interface anomolies . This does the trick .
 It 's a mousepad . Nothing special about it , but it is a nice one and will last you a long time . I would recommend this mousepad to anyone looking to buy one . It is a nice one for the price .
 The item works great and is the perfect size . I have tried it on a glass desk as well as wood and it works great .
 Very sturdy build . The thing I love about this mouse pad is it 's thickness . This not only makes it comfortable for your wrist , but it also makes it so you can use a laptop mouse on many different surfaces . I like to use my laptop in bed , and this mouse pad makes it easy for me to use a mouse on my mattress . Very happy with this mouse pad.Like other reviews have said , it smell like death , but the smell gets weaker , and it really is worth it for the 3 dollars you pay for it .
 It is easy to use and the mouse glides but does n't slip around . It has been great also to protect my table .
 This mousepad is simple and works good . It has a non-slip backing to prevent it from moving during usage . Additionally , it 's a nice size , giving you more than enough room to work with .
 But it was actually nice and it smells like nothing , so do n't worry . It does what it does ! It 's a mouse pad . It 's slightly big , but it 's alright .
 I have had this mouse pad for about a year now ; I am very happy with this mouse pad . It 's a nice solid black color .
 Given the price , I really could n't ask for more from this little mouse pad . Works fine , no complaints , and is a decent size .
 These are perfect . I bought two . They are awesome quality and you ca n't beat that price . My only complaint is that they smell horrible ! No reason to dock any stars though .
 This mouse pad has few flaws , except the bad smell . After a week , the smell has worn off considerably , however . It 's a bit smaller than advertized , but it 's still more than enough space for me . All in all , a great buy .
 The product has been great and I would recommend this item for it great price This item would last you sometime
 I 've been using this pad for almost a year now . The mouse works great on it , but I also bought a pad so my wrist will have something soft to rest on.I was considering buying a pad with a special cushion for the wrist , but I mainly use my keyboard for working , so I did n't really have the need for it .
 I bought 3 2 for my computers and one for a coaster because I needed something for coffee and drinks there no slide and the mouse works good on them .
 No bad smell , as others had indicted . Grips pretty well on my desk , provides cushioning . Measures 3/16 '' Thick , 9 '' Wide X 7-3/4 '' Tall .
 Quite a number of reviews have been submitted for this mouse pad which have mentioned the smell . I ignored the complaints and bought it anyway . I received it and guess what ? It smelled ... for about an a day . I ca n't believe how badly exaggerated the smell of this product is . I opened the package and said to myself , &#34; yep , it smells like a brand new mouse pad . &#34; I did n't constantly dwell on the smell , I moved on . After a few days the smell was completely gone . Now I have to stick my nose right up against the fabric to be able to get anything , but let 's be honest , if you stick your nose right up against anything and inhale deeply , you 're going to smell something . Also I should note that the smell does not transfer to my hand as I believe a few people have noted .
 It works , it 's stupid cheap , if you need a mouse pad , get a black one as it seems to register the laser better than other colors -LRB- at least for me ... -RRB- . Prime customers ca n't do better unless someone throws one at your house .
 Bought this for my new office job . It 's a basic mouse-pad . I like that it is large . It 's pretty nondescript , but the price was right and the shipping was faster than the other items I bought that day . Nothing fancy , but get 's the job done and for a really cheap price .
 Great price for a simple mouse pad that stays in place and has a nice surface feel . Fits easily in a laptop bag .
 I was really hesitant about buying this mouse pad due to some of the other reviews . However , because it was an add-on item I figured , if it really was bad I could just toss it and buy a better one . When I opened the packaging I was expecting to have a horrible smell erupt with it but was pleasantly surprised . Little to no bad smell . Had to practically hold it to my face to catch any scent from it at all.The mouse pad itself is great . Once it was planted on my desk , it did n't slide around at all . It 's not too thick and not too thin and supports my HP mouse with no trouble at all . Compared to the last mouse pad I had , it 's practically perfect .
 No obvious flaws and it 's cheap , so I suppose I am obligated to give it 5 stars . It 's neoprene and has black fabric on the top . I am basically just filling in words now since Amazon requires me to type at least 20 words .
 It 's thick , it does n't slide on my desk . It actually makes my wrist feel better . Cheap , and it 's entirely worth it .
 Although it 's not really a professional gaming mouse pad , but it works pretty good , it 's pretty convenient . I love it !
 It 's a mouse pad . Did n't expect much . . But it does exactly what its purpose is . Works great , so no problems
 This product is exactly as described in the description . It arrived fast and is cheaper than going to walmart and buying one .
 this mouse pad is very nice , dont slide around on your table and is big enough to hold two mouse on it if needed
 Overall the pad is great . Great feeling , and semi-soft robber with a nice smooth yet textured . Only -1 star because it smelled funny at first . Smell faded shortly .
 very good for the price , i am using it right now yay my mouse works . it needed a mouse pad
 A new mouse makes a huge difference . It had a strong odor at first , but fine after it aired out .
 The Belkin Mouse Pad is not too heavy and it 's sleek . It has a smooth surface and I was very satisfied with my purchase . Only thing that I did n't like about it was the fact that it smelled like old cheese when I first opened the package .
 I did n't have any smell issues , and I bought two . One for work and one for home.Works graet , best 3 $ I 've ever spent .
 It is hard to find fault with this mouse pad . It is what it claims to be . Some reviewers have complained about a rubber smell . I did not detect any till I held it right in front of my nose . By this is just Day 1 . I am confident that in a few days it will completely dissipate . For $ 3 bucks including free shipping , one would be a weiner to complain
 Yes what everyone else is saying is it does smell when you get it , kinda like a new tire smell . Other than that you can spray it if it really bothers you but it goes away and it 's a perfect mouse pad . I mean what else do you need it to do beside if you have a really good gamer mouse .
 I use an OCZ Equalizer mouse and do frequent gaming and graphic design . This mouse is perfect for my needs.The pad is soft and helps the wrist for extended periods of time . The size is just right for a shorter keyboard/mouse area -LRB- about 2.5 feet -RRB- . Great price , mostly why I purchased it .
 I bought this to keep in my LAN bag so I do n't end up at the next LAN party without a mouse pad as so many people tend to do . It 's a great pad for portability and wo n't take up too big a footprint on the table , making it easier to put people close together . It 's your typical fabric top so it 'll get dirty after a while but as I am only using this a couple times a year I do n't think that will ever be a concern . It 's worth using at home too , it 's not a giant gamer pad but it 'll do the job without the need for a giant desk .
 I was looking for a mouse pad after switching to a glass top desk from my black leather one which needed none . I did n't want to spend alot of money on one , $ 20 for a mousepad seems ridiculous . I purchased this along with another item from Amazon on Wednesday , received it Friday , and have been loving it since . $ 2.99 plus free shipping and no tax . There is nothing to complain about .
 There is no problem to use this mouse pad.If there is one problem in this pad , it is the smell of rubber
 I like this mouse pad , prompt delivery . size was right for me . I hoped it would have been a little thicker .
 I purchased this mouse pad because I wanted something that looked clean and basic , but would not wear like some cheap ones seem to do . This one is perfect for me . It 's a good thickness -LRB- not too thin -RRB- and it seems to be holding up well . I would recommend it .
 Originally when I bought this mouse pad it did n't seem to be helping with my mouse tracking issues , however after some troubleshooting I discovered the reason my mouse was n't tracking well was because the wireless receiver was too far away . After moving it closer the mouse -LRB- and mouse pad -RRB- are working great .
 Yep - it stinks . Smells like old rubber and stinky cigars . I was surprised at how noxious the smell was . I 've own/used plenty of mouse pads over the years and never noticed any type of nasty smell to them . They generally do n't smell at all . I ended up putting this one in the cold garage for a few days and now the smell is n't as noticeable . If it really bothers you , you could try putting it in a bag with a dryer sheet . Otherwise , it 's a mouse pad and works like a mouse pad should . Just do n't understand why it smells so bad .
 it works really well ... i mean , its a mousepad . you ca n't really go wrong with it.it stunk pretty bad when I first got it out of the package , but a few days later it was gone . its very nice , and I would buy it again .
 This is n't the most exciting mouse pad in the world , but it gets the job done . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a decent mouse pad for a cheap price . I wish it had a wrist pad on it , but I 'm not going to complain since this was n't something I wanted to spend a lot on . Great for the occasional user or someone looking to not spend much on a mouse pad .
 How many ways can one screw up a mousepad ? I look for four things in a pad : a . It sticks on the bottom , b . It does n't stick on the top , c . It provides an good environment for the mouse to move , d . It lasts , Though I just got it and I cat answer d , the pad seems to meet all the other personal requirements . Add to the mix first rate service by the seller and you got a hero mousepad.The end .
 Manufacturing problems that some folks have seen aside -LRB- which I did not -RRB- , it 's a great buy for $ 2 . Completely satisfied . Only 4 stars because I do n't really get worked up to the point of `` loving '' a mouse pad .
 It is a really good deal but it kinda smell funky . Anyway , it good enough for average user like me .
 I had purchased a cheap mouse pad from Walmart , for 2 $ to use with my trusty ol' MX-518 . After about a month , it had started to turn white where the mouse rested , and began to lose tracking in that spot . I rotated the pad , the same thing happened . The edges curled a bit , and I was on my last `` good '' trackable space.I had considered getting other mouse pads , as I was upgrading my mouse to a G500 and wanted a fresh pad . SteelSeries has some decent pads , though I had also considered getting a 4 or 9HD , plastic pad.After some thought I took a chance on this Belkin pad . I am so very glad that I did not spend 10-20-30 $ on a mouse pad , and picked this Belkin pad.It is smooth , but gives some tactile feed back . It has some cushion , but still quite firm . The bottom has a nice rubber grip , the top , a nice cloth-type material ; both adhere so firmly , the whole pad seemed as if it were one piece , though it is not . The center of the pad , is a semi-dense porous foam . There is a slight odor that you can get a faint hint of , at about 5 inches away ; though at about 3 inches , it is much stronger . A simple spray with some Febreeze and the pad smells wonderful.No logos , excellent tracking , durable construction , well rounded surface texture and a crazy low price , how can you go wrong ?
 its a cheap pad . . works well and is thick and comfortable ... what else could you ask for ? . . and it doent smell bad like others have said ...
 You ca n't write a lot about a mouse pad however it is easy to say that this one was worth the money . Though it is n't fancy by any means , it does do the job well . The mouse glides over it without issues and it still has n't frayed at the edges . Very inexpensive plus well made equals the best combination for a consumer !
 This is great value for your money and is the perfect size . Just what I was looking for , simple , black , cheap and effective .
 I love this mousepad . Mainly because it 's not the SUPER thin kind . It 's got the rubber on one side and then is covered by a cloth-type material . It works perfect for optical/laser mice . It 's nice because the squishy rubber provides padding for your wrist so it 's not on a hard desk . It definitely smells strongly of rubber but that goes away over a few weeks . Ca n't beat the price for such an effective mousepad !
 Top quality at a very competive price . Works wonderfully and is one of the best pads I have ever used - looks like it is made to last . Highly recommended . Russ Pendred , Ocean Isle Beach , NC
 Just buy it . It is very good for money and usable . The surface is very smooth and I really like it and surely whoever will buy it will must like it . The person says its bad its just a idiot person who just likes to complain . Its worth the money you will spent .
 I do n't have high expectations from cheap mouse pads . But I was hoping that Belkin would improve on the usual generic cheap pad . Sadly it is actually not as nice for me . It 's ok , so I rated it as such . But I do n't love it either . One of them -LRB- I bought 2 -RRB- is actually not even cut out correctly as the start and finish of the cut is off so it created a jagged bump where they meet . They do have a thicker padding . But I find that annoying . As it did n't say anything about it being thicker , I was expecting it to be the usual 3/16th '' or so . But it 's closer to 5/16th maybe a little thicker . Which if you do n't rest your hand on the mouse pad , the transition is a big much for me . Never would I have thought I would really have anything to say about an ultra cheap mouse pad as I have been buying different ultra cheap mouse pads for years.Anyway , I have had better cheap mouse pads from local shops , unfortunately they do n't always come in black locally . lol .
 What can I say ? It 's a mouse pad . It seems to function -LRB- read
 i was worried that this mousepad wouldnt work with wireless mouses but it does ! very nice ! its so much better than using a stupid book !
 It 's a basic mousepad . It has a nice squishy feel , it stays nicely in place on my desk , its looks are n't distracting and my laser mouse works very well on it . It 's a great price if you get the super saver shipping.As to the smell , I believe it smells like a mousepad , which I do n't really mind . I have n't noticed a smell while sitting at my desk , though the first two days I used it I noticed a rubbery smell on my hand after using it . It washed off easily though . I think the smell goes away after a few days.My recommendation
 This mousepad was just what I was needed - something basic -LRB- and cheap -RRB- to prevent my new desk from getting scratched up . Take the other reviews warnings about the smell to heart . When my mousepad arrived , I chose to open it outside , and I 'm glad I did . It has a very strong , unpleasant smell . I chose to leave it in the garage for a couple of days before I brought it in my office . The smell dissipated in those two days , and my hands do n't smell after using it as the others have warned . I deducted a star because of the extra steps required.The pad is thick , soft , and seems durable . I would definitely buy again .
 It sits perfectly on my glass top table -LRB- no slipping and sliding -RRB- , and works perfectly with the optical mouse . Highly recommended .
 Great works fine I just throw it my backpack and take out when needed . Material is nice and smooth and have yet to run into a problem with it .
 After using my desk for over 2 years , I thought about buying a mouse pad . I use my laptop alot everyday , and also do some casual gaming , generally RTS -LRB- mainly LOL -RRB- . I was first looking at some SteelSeries mouse pads , but I could n't justify the cost . Figuring this was just 2 bucks , I figured I had nothing to lose and gave it a shot , and bam , its perfect for my needs . Well . . its atleast much better than the desk I have been using . There is nothing to lose with this pad if you are engaged in general computer use and casual gaming .
 I have a glass table on which optical mice do n't work well , and they seem to have some problem with granite too . So , I bought two of these and they are working well .
 I now have 3 of these mouse pads . One for every computer . I am very picky about mouse pads . This one is perfect . It 's not too thin and it 's not too thick , the texture is perfect and the price is too !
 It 's a mousepad . What else is there to comment on?Oh and the smell of it was pretty bad for the first 2ish days .
 This is exactly what i was looking for at this price
 I bought these for my students to use with the 18 new Macs . They appreciate the material covered foam and the generous size .
 Well made , nice and soft , very useful mousepad , and the price was great . I do wish I could have found one a bit larger , though - the only ones I could find had the wrist-guide on them and cost a great deal more ! This was just what I wanted , a simple , soft mousepad that would work with my quite elderly mouse , and it does .
 Thank you so much for the prompt shipping ! I know something like this is very difficult to get excited with , but your fast shipping have me very satisfied .
 Nothing Special about a black mouse pad but i bought one at office max a week prior to this for a total of $ 10 , Then i picked this one up for $ 4 . There is NO Difference from the 2 . This is a Great buy have n't seen one go for cheaper .
 I bought this and never got chance to use it . I use wireless mouse and so not used much . No issues with the Mouse pad . It has a simple look and not fancy one .
 this mouse pad is just the perfect size and perfect price for the right quality . i like it very much and still using it for at least few weeks ! the only thing that i do n't like is the bottom is not that &#34; sticky &#34; to the table . but overall is a very good mouse pad
 I 've only used this pad for a couple of month , so ca n't tell how it will hold over years , but so far liked it quite a bit . It sits on the table surface tight , does not shift , no problem at all , unlike some more rigid pads .
 It 's a great mouse pad . Yes , it stinks for about 3 days since it is made of petroleum but the smell goes away . I would buy it again if I needed one .
 Yes , it 's a mouse pad so there is n't much to say :1 . It is black , as advertised2 . It is almost the same size as advertised -LRB- actual size is around 7.75 '' x 9.25 '' -RRB- 3 . When placed horizontally on desk , it remains there -LRB- adhering to the laws of gravity -RRB- 4 . Top surface is fabric -LRB- not plastic -RRB- , bottom is rubberized and keeps pad in place5 . Mouse moves smoothly across surfaceSo `` yes '' it a good mouse pad and a great deal at under $ 5 .
 After having this mouse pad for a month the edges are starting to fray just a little . Although , this is the first pad I have had that is made from this material . So , I 'm not sure if this is normal . It also puts more drag on the mouse than what I was expecting and what I 'm use to . It is also not the same dimensions as it says in the product description -LRB- check the note on the picture I left for measurements -RRB- .
 The size is good - not too small not to big for my Logitech Anywhere MX . I guess it would be a little bit too small if you got a big mouse like Logitech MX600 . The pad is thick and solid - looks like in a pretty good quality . My mouse can move gracefully on the smooth surface and the jelly-side helps to keep the pad not moving around . The only complain I have is the plastic-smell it comes with ... hope the smell will go away in a few days .
 I wanted a basic mouse pad and this is it . Feels durable and is just a basic black . I bought the first one for my home computer . I have since purchased 3 more . Just ca n't beat the price if you need a basic mouse pad .
 I have always used free mouse pads that I get at conferences etc. . But I needed a mouse pad that did n't have some company logo on it to make my desk look a little nicer . This pad is larger than any I have had and I love that . It 's of good quality and I appreciate the basic black . Very happy with it : -RRB-
 Not too sure what i 'd complain about i mean it is a mouse-pad . It has n't torn or anything after these months and it did n't smell bad o.o so everything 's A Ok
 For the price this mouse pad is , it works great . Firm grip on the bottom and smooth on the top . The right size for a mousepad and I really like it .
 I 've been using this mouse pad for about 3 months , and it still looks and feels the same as the first day I used it.Would buy definitely buy again if I needed a second pad !
 My mouse likes it . Tracks well . Kinda comfy.My logitech totally wants to invite that hot little optical mouse from next door over to check out his pad .
 I bought this mouse pad for skipper , my pet mouse of course . Skippy just loved it right off the bat . He ran over and took a number one on it , then a two . He then began to eat the pad and had it gone in about two weeks . Then he died mysteriously . SOB . At least ol Skippy died happy . Good bye Skippy ol pal . SOB
 the pad is nothing special , but it works well and it a great choice given the low price .
 good quality mouse pad , works well with optical and ball mice , very soft spongy rubber bottom , received it super fast .
 It 's a big mouse pad compared to my old one , which is great because I 'm no longer limited to movement space anymore . It does have a weird odor at first , but it will goes away over time . There is n't much to complaint about a $ 2 dollar mouse pad , unless its ripped , but mine came perfectly fine . If you want to preserve your desk 's and mouse 's surface , it 's a great product .
 They were cheap and just as expected . I would buy again . The only downside is that I could only purchase 5 at a time .
 You just ca n't beat this mousepad for the $ 2 price . Surface works with all varieties of mice - optical , regular , etc. . . Nice surface texture and thickness . Rubber backing grips desktop surface firmly .
 I ordered this mouse pad because I obviously needed a new one . It arrived very quickly and is just as described . I 've had it for quite a while now and it 's still just like new . A wonderful mouse pad ! And I actually got it for free from prizerebel ! Check it out here , -LSB- ... -RSB- Thanks PrizeRebel !
 This Belkin 8x9 Mouse Pad is much better and a bit more thicker and heavy-duty than my previous mouse pad . Best of all it grips better and does not slip and slide around the plexiglass on my desk top like my previous mouse pad -- and my mouse even seems to be more responsive and have better control ! I do n't have a very large desk so this particular model and size fits my desk top perfectly.Other than not slipping or sliding and noticeably better mouse response/control , what else can one say about a mouse pad -- it does exactly what it was designed and intended to do do superbly!It is reasonably priced and well worth every dollar in my opinion , and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good and functional mouse pad .
 very good pad , it 's cheap and good quality just the right thing to buy , it 's medium size which make it perfect .
 simple and holds well to the desk . . I prefer solid colors so this suits me . Seems odd to do a write up but I have used pads that moved around the desktop , or didnt do well with a mouse . This one does everything its supposed to .
 What can I say about a standard mouse pad ? I have to write enough review to post but this one is pretty great with my optical mouse : -RRB-
 There is a smell at first but it goes away . It smells like recycled tires.The mouse pad seems like its great quality
 And it works . NOthing much more to say here , but it is a nice one -LRB- mous pad , that is -RRB- at that ...
 It 's just a basic mousepad but the price was cheap and the shipping was extremely quick . I 'm happy with my purchase as I do n't like having to spend extra on smaller things .
 LOVE THIS MOUSE PAD VERY STRONG AND STURDY , WILL BUY MORE IN DIFFERENT COLORS . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR A GREAT MOUSE PAD ,
 Bigger than what I expected for the $ 2.00 I payed for it!But , I 'm going to warn you as you probably heard in the other reviews it stinks when you get it , however that will go away in 1-2 weeks .
 I needed a new mouse pad so I bought this . It works fine like any other mouse pad . I would recommend this if you are looking for a good cheap mouse pad .
 This mouse pad was cheap , black , and works like a mouse pad should . I have no complaints with this product . Thanks you
 The mouse pad is working very well it was needed to replace one that had served its purpose . This pad is excellent . Thank you
 I 'll keep it short and sweet . Best couple dollars i 've ever spent on a mousepad . Awesome grip , feel , and look . BUY IT !!
 The Belkin F8E089 mouse Pad is very well made.I was impressed with the great value for the $ 2.99 price tag , what a deal ! My Microsoft Explorer Optical Intellimouse loves it and tracks perfectly on it . It does come to you in black and not the dark red that is displayed in the Amazon web site . The base stays put on your desktop where you want it and the upper surface imparts a feel of quality . If you are looking for a really nice conventional Mouse Pad look no further this model should last for many years .
 This is my first mouse pad that has a friction bottom so it does n't slide around the desk . I think it works great . My Logtiech laser gaming mouse works fine on it . It 's all black so design is plain and simple . Just what I needed !
 This is a basic mousepad . It is nothing special . Even though I have optical and laser mice , I bought this mouse pad to keep from dirtying up my desk -LRB- dirt tends to accumulate on mouse feet -RRB- . It 's a cheap mousepad and looks the part . But who needs a fancy mousepad anyway ?
 It 's a mouse pad and it works great . Just another good quality , low cost product from Belkin .
 I usually stick with freebie mouse pads , so this is the first one I 've ever actually went out and purchased . Very low price -LRB- who does n't love saving money ?! -RRB- This is a great mouse pad . It 's black , and it matches with my entire desk area . It 's a very good size , and pretty fantastic . The only thing I do n't like about it is the smell . . but it 's not too bad and will fade over time .
 How do you review a mousepad ? It 's rubbery and thick , and my Apple Magic Mouse works great on it . If you 're looking for something small , simple , and cheap , this is definitely your mousepad .
 A good mouse pad in my book is one I forget is even there - and this one accomplishes that perfectly . It 's nothing special . It does it 's job and does n't try to do anything else . Good product .
 For the price you ca n't ask for a better mouse pad , it 's large enough so you are not constantly shifting it around or pulling it back into place as I have had to do with other mouse pads .
 I bought a new keyboard and a new mouse.So of course I had to buy a new mouse pad.This pad is the perfect size for my new mouse.Looks great also .
 i just got this thing about 20mins ago . after pulling it out of the package you could smell that rubbery new smell , but it wasnt as strong or bad as some people claimed . i dont have the most sensitive nose but i can smell it.i have it close by and you can smell it , but it isnt bad -LRB- barely noticeable -RRB- . my mouse glides pretty well on it , but not as slick as like say those thin plastic mousepads from dell -LRB- which i was using prior to this purchase.im totally happy with this mouse pad , and for 3 $ totally worth it ! ~
 If you are looking for a simple mouse pad then go for this one . Good service and bought itbrand new .
 This product Arrived on time and in good condition . The quality is good and it works well . I would recommend this product to all .
 i originally bought it for a glass top desk , and the bottom stocks to the glass perfectly . Its a steal for 2.99
 Super soft and smooth for my new mouse to slide across . Basic mouse pad , came much earlier than anticipated thanks
 It is a mouse pad . You ca n't go wrong with this mouse pad because it 's a mouse pad . It 's nothing fancy , just a black mouse pad .
 I am really pleased with my new mouse pad . It is a product of excellent quality . I really liked it !
 Nice thick heavy weight mouse pad . I would have bought more if I would have known . Good Stuff
 I do n't know how you can rate a mouse pad , because it 's just pad , but it 's good . It is simple , cheap , and does it 's job .
 This has got to be the most awesome mousepad ever!Super sleek and elegant black matte finish , woven nylon and polyurethane membrane , 8 '' girth by 9 '' length of optical tracking mayhem . I can play 3d tetris and majonng like I was flipping through porn . I 'm not ambidextrous , but I can definitely switch to a left-hand mouse , which is vital for those late-night clickfests , if you catch my drift . I do n't really know much else of what to say about this product . If you 're looking for an uuber elite gaming mouse pad that doubles as a bad-mouthed girlfriend face-whip , look no further . You can definitely use this to slap the taste out of her naughty mouth . Buy one today , and be fapping it the hardest in a little less than a couple days .
 This mouse pad smelled REALLY bad when it first came out of the bag ! After a little airing out , the smell subsided . The dimensions given in the description are not correct . The description says that the mouse pad is 8 '' - by-9 '' , it is really 7.5 '' - by-9 .25 '' . All in all it is a great quality pad . I would recommend this to anyone who does n't mind having to air it out a little .
 This mouse pad is great ! I used my mouse for about 8 months without a pad and I had no idea how much better it would be with a pad . The mouse is awesome as it is , but the pad makes it twice as good ; moving the mouse feels so smooth with this pad . Also , the rubberized bottom does a very good job keeping the pad stationary . All in all , if you are looking for a mouse pad , look no further !
 There 's not a whole lot to review about this mousepad because it does its job plain and simple.Pros : Works well with a laser mouse - accurate and sensitiveLooks goodSticky adhesive underpad will not slideLarge enough but not oversizedLow priceFeels good to the touchMouse glides easily over padCons : As some of the other reviewers have mentioned it does smell . Its not overpowering or too unpleasant . Smells like a tire-store .
 Mouse Pad that does the job no issues so far . I 've had it for a while but it 's still in good shape just the normal wear and tear .
 Seriously , there should be no complaints about a $ 3 mouse pad.It stinks , it probably wo n't last a life time ... but it serve its purpose at $ 3 bucks ! Great item .
 First of all
 I 'm not really a connoisseur of mouse pads . I think this is the first one I 've ever paid for . But , it seems to be the best mouse pad I 've had . Works great with our optical mouse , and it 's not too thick or too thin.I 'm not sure that a mouse pad deserve much more of a review than that .
 The other reviews do n't lie . This mouse pad does wreak . I have n't done it yet , but I am going to attach it to the front of a high volume fan and leave it for a day or two . If that does n't work , I 'm going to put it outside in the sun for a day or two and let the heat help release some of the odors . We 'll see what happens . All and all ... fully functional , just a strong rubber smell.UPDATE
 I ordered 4 of these mouse pads . They 're actually 194mm x 234mm x 5mm . They 're good quality mousepads , but they 're one inch smaller in height and width than described here .
 Pretty good for the price , thick -LRB- almost quarter inch -RRB- and solid . I also like the size -LRB- not too small , not too big -RRB- .
 TheBelkin F8E089-BLK 8-by-9-Inch Mouse Pad -LRB- Black -RRB- is the first mouse pad I have purchased in a decade or so , and it is the only one I have ever had that actually worked well with optical mice . Occasionally , it will not track correctly , and I have to give the mouse an extra nudge , but so far this has been a rare occurrence . The only problem I have had was that the mouse pad reeked of chemicals -LRB- the rubber bottom ? -RRB- when I removed it from the box , but that has almost entirely dissipated . If I put my nose next to it I can still detect the smell , though . Someone with a sensitive nose might be bothered .
 size is 7.5 '' x 9 '' and just about 1/4 '' thick , heavy enough to stay put -LRB- not too big and not too small -RRB- . Previous cheap pad I had was about 3 yrs old , fairly dirty looking . This new pad is noticeably smoother , decent non slip rubber bottom . Not much else to say about a basic pad , except for the low price . If this is all you want to pay , it should make most people happy , I am . Plus , I like the black , hides the dirt better , now I can keep this one longer , until the dirt is so thick where the surface becomes wavy , before replacing .
 I wanted a correct sized mouse pad with no advertising or logos or pretty little pictures on it , that would not slide around the desktop , and not leave any marks , for a really good price . The Belkin F8E089 fits the bill perfectly . I 'm now going to order 2 more just to have in reserve .
 It 's a nice mouse pad for the price but it just smells horrible . I sprayed it with perfume and it still sinks really bad . I hope it goes away soon .
 I wanted a simple , cheap pad for my office desk , having never paid for a mousepad before . This product fits the bill perfectly . The tracking surface is comfortable on the hands and works well with my mouse -LRB- a Logitech M525 -RRB- . The no-slide bottom surface holds the pad in place without difficulty.As others have pointed out , there is a machined rubber smell to the product that is obvious if you sniff it and you 'll occasionally get a whiff sitting at your desk , but it 's not at all unpleasant -LRB- at least to me -RRB- and is already fading.The only reason I give it 4 stars is the lack of any binding around the edges - the foam material in the center is exposed on all of the vertical edge surface . While this is n't a problem visually , I can already tell that it will begin to flake away with time , probably shortening the effective lifetime of the product -LRB- not that buying a $ 3 mousepad every few years is a real inconvenience -RRB- .
 It 's a plain black mousepad , carrying no messages , cute photos or anything distracting . The slick fabric on top makes for easy sliding of the mouse . The bottom grips the desk without fail . The price was right . For me it is perfect .
 No fancy bells or whistles here , just a nice simple mouse pad . Perfect for my step-father and his PC gaming . It came quickly and I was very pleased . Product was just as described .
 Bought 1 then after several days of use with it . I just had to buy another because it was so well made & the price is just right . 2 for the price of 1 . Bought mine from Technology Galaxy . No duds . Awesome seller . Thanks guy . Only problem that you may suffer from is the rubbery tire smell which I 'm used to so it was a decent buy . Bottom line
 I 've used multiple cheap mouse pads and some good ones so far , and this is the best cheap mouse pad I 've used.I like the fabric top and the rubber bottom , as well as the material between them . The fabric on the top works and feels great while using . The rubber bottom works well as intended to prevent slipping and the material in between works great as a cushion for my hand and my mouse.Most bad reviews here seem to be about the smell , but it really is n't that bad . You will definitely smell it -LRB- and it does smell horrible -RRB- when you fist get it out , but it was n't bad enough to prevent me from using it right away . The smell gets much better within a day -LRB- just sitting on my table -RRB- , and after a few days now , the smell is totally gone . -LRB- Well , if I put it to my nose and smell it directly , I can smell some rubber , which should not be a problem for anyone . -RRB- In conclusion , although this is definitely not the best mouse pad you can get in the market , this is definitely worth the money and should work well for anyone .
 Great mouse pad for gaming and/or daily use . Soft and very comfortable . Great for FPS and MMO gaming . Slightly bigger than normal . Giving you more room .
 You would thing that all mouse pads are the same , but this is not true . While it does not have a fancy design , just plain old black , it stays where I put it and my mighty mouse just works great . It does not collect litter as some cloth bases pads do , the graphics -LRB- since there are none -RRB- do not wear off . Great .
 Highly recommended.Ordered 1 about a year ago and it was getting dirty , so I ordered two more!I use this for gaming and it works well !
 I got this mouse pad for my table . it works great . my mouse responds very well on this and it does n't slide on the table like my previous mousepad . I highly recommend this
 Big , comfortable , cheap mousepad that was prime eligable . Could n't ask for more . Only downside is that is smells REALLY potent of rubber . Even after a week .
 It 's a simple mouse pad . I 've read that this mouse pad has an odor . I do not know what they are talking about . I smell absolutely nothing . Had it for many months . No wear . Good and smooth texture . All purposes including gaming . If you 're a gamer and you prefer to pay 50 dollars for a mouse pad then you are a fool .
 I bought this because my mouse had a hard time tracking on my shiny desk ... I do n't need a fancy gaming mouse pad , just something standard . Totally works . My mouse does n't feel like it is slowed down by this mouse pad , it is a very nice , dark black . It does feel a little bit bumpy when you run your hand over it , but that is n't noticeable when using your mouse . The edges do seem a bit loose , so I think they might start to fray , but they seem fine right now . I am definitely glad I made this purchase , definitely works . I will be ordering a few more colors . Good office gifts .
 I got my mouse pad new and as described . It also arrived very quickly . Thanks will definitely do business again !
 This mousepad is great . It does n't move at all , and the mouse surface is very smooth . I use my mouse quite extensively and this mousepad is a great accessory for my mouse . Great item , recommended .
 There is n't much to say about this mouse pad . It does its job well . Do n't waste your money on those fancy gaming mouse pads ; they are n't going to make you play any better .
 I bought a few of these and they are just what I needed . For the price , you ca n't go wrong on these . They replace my older worn out pads - might have to change these every year or two since they are not costly . Love them ; wish I did this last year . I highly recommend .
 I Use the pad for my laptop and it works great . The pad will not slide and stays put when you move the mouse .
 It 's definitely a mouse pad ... works great , looks good , smells a little funky . Ca n't complain a bit for the price .
 For a mouse pad of 3 bucks , you get what you want . It works good for my optical mouse . Now I feel much much better than using the mouse directly on my glass desktop . It 's especially necessary if you play games or deal with photographs regularly on you computer .
 It cost a little under $ 3 for a mouse pad and it looks great and it works great what more could you want . What do the $ 30 mouse pads do that this $ 3 cant they seem the same to me . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating was that it smells a little bit like rubber but I 'm hoping like some reviewers have said that the smell will disappear as times goes on .
 Ca n't complain . Sweet deal for the price . Alot of the posts here talk about the product 's unique `` stench . '' Well it smells but its that new tire smell LOL . . and its really not that noticeable unless your related to a dog ...
 It 's thick , smells pleasant , and is a bit larger for those of us who want a little more room on the pad . I have four of them .
 This is a basic , black mouse pad at a reasonable price . It feels very durable and is plenty big enough for basic needs . It also has a nice grip so you wo n't have to keep re-positioning it when your wrist pulls it along the desk during back-and-forth tasks -LRB- like my old mouse pad did -RRB- .
 i just bought this as a basic mouse pad for my moms laptop and it works well . she uses it . what more can i say ? : -RSB-
 When I received the Linksys router from AT&T ; the only problem I had was figuring out how to connect my existing router . I went to the Linksys website and pulled down some documentation but it did n't work . To make a long story short I was making the problem much harder than it was . All I had to do was plug my cable modem into the Linksys router from AT&T ; and connect one network port from that router to the uplink/cable modem port of my other router and I was done.The CallVantage service setup was easy . After connecting the AT&T ; Linksys router to the cable modem I used my browser to connect to the CallVantage activation site . The activation process was four steps . The longest step was when it automatically updated the router . When that was done the phone gave a short ring indicating I could make phone calls . The whole process took maybe 10 minutes . AT&T ; includes a pamplet with the router that walks you through the process . Its just a few pages with big pictures.Immediately after activation I started calling friends . I would talk to them for a while before asking them if they noticed anything different . No one noticed anything . Voice quality is at least as good as a conventional phone . The AT&T ; rep said it would be better but I ca n't tell . It 's certainly not worse.The phone switch over went smoothly . I was able to keep my current phone number . Dialing the phone works fine . The feature set , like someone indicated earlier , is amazing . There are features included that I did n't know you could get on a home phone . Basically every feature you have now plus some ones you probably have n't heard of . AT&T ; has a well thought out and organized web interface for managing everything.Some things to be aware of , AT&T ; says if you have a fax it may not work across the line . I do n't have a fax so I ca n't test this . They said that some people were able to resolve faxing problems by upgrading their fax machine . Also if your power goes out or cable modem goes down you wo n't have a phone unless you have cellular or another line . As far as power outages I 'm a big believer in UPSs and all my computer equipment is connected to one . You can connect the router phone line an existing phone jack and all your phones can share the line . You have to disconnect the outside line first and if you have a 2nd line AT&T ; says you need a splitter so that only one phone line goes into the router . You can get a splitter from Radio Shack for a few bucks.Last thing , when I ordered my service , the rep on the phone was extremely repetitive . They definitely want you to understand all the aspects of setting up your phone service to work over your network . That 's probably good for most people but for me it was like enough already.Anyway this is great stuff . Next thing for me is to get the first phone bill . All of the taxes that apply to a regular phone line do n't apply to a VOIP line . I 'm interested in knowing what the `` real '' total will be.Have fun if you try it . You may not be an early adopter but one of these days this will be the standard . The current phone system will be a thing of the past .
 I got rid of my land line and got Callvanatge service . Callvantage uses your normal phone but it plugs into your router instead of your old phone jack . The installation was very easy . I make all calls for under $ 30 a month . Some of their features are pretty cool also . When a call comes in , it rings my home phone and cell phone at the same time . That way if I 'm waiting for an important call - I can pick it up on either phone . I can also view all my incoming and outgoing calls on the internet , almost instantly . So , I can view my call log while I 'm at work and see who called during the day . Also , the quality is just as good as my old land line .
 I was a little hesitant in forking over $ 125.00 for this router . As well as the fact that Cisco does n't adversise it supports Mac OS X. I had previously tried a Netgear router with the D-Link telephone adapter . But this solution did n't work , and returned it within a day . So I decided to give this solution a try . Learned alot about VoIP . The key here is in having the right router , the right network and the right phone , then it works perfectly ! Installation was a snap . You just plug the Linksys router per the installation instructions into your cable modem -LRB- I have Comcast -RRB- , then to your computer , and then your phone . Just follow the instructions . The Linksys router configures identically as the Netgear router ... you use a web portal into the router , and just setup per the instructions . I 'm running a Mac Mini with OS X 10.3.9 , and and a wireless IBM ThinkPad T41 ... . the Mac and the IBM auto sync into the router IP address space ... a couple of clicks and your done ! The catch is to have a good telephone go with your Cisco-AT & T Solution . Previously , I was using an old phone , and I was having some interference from the phone , that limited the quality of the VoIP ... so I bought another simple GE phone , for about 8 bucks at Target , and plugged it into the Cisco router , for a test I called my folks from Colorado to California ... we were all amazed at the quality of the voice call !!! They could n't believe I was running the call over the internet !! Now I 'm hooked on this new technology . Thank you Cisco , Thank you AT&T !
 I was hesitant to purchase this item due to some of the reviews , however , after having recieved this item today . . I am pleasantly surprised.I did go through a bit of a ordeal trying to set up the telephone portion of this router . . as I was `` upgrading '' from the original D-Link TA that came with the service . Due to this , I had to call customer support and have some `` server issues '' sorted out before the system would accept my new adapter . After that however , I am completely satisfied.Some of the concerns addressed in other reviews were as follows :1 . Just does n't work - NOT TRUE2 . Voice quality poor - JUST AS GOOD AS WITH ORIGINAL TA -LRB- i.e. perfect -RRB- 3 . Firmware updates not provided - AGAIN , NOT TRUE . THEY ARE PROVIDED BY AT&T ; AUTOMATICALLY , NOT BY LINKSYS THEMSELVES . HENSE WHY YOU WO N'T FIND AN UPDATE ON THEIR WEBSITE . I WAS IMMEDIATELY UPDATED TO VERSION 1.00.26 FROM 1.00.11 AFTER ACTIVATING.All in all . . if you are looking for a wireless router to complement your VoIP service with AT&T . . ; in my opinion this is a fine solution . I got a rebate of $ 60 on this . . so with Amazon 's great pricing . . this router was only $ 40 !! It 's features are much easier to use and includes DMZ unlike D-Link . Go for it .
 I have this unit but I bought it at Staples . I got a new Motorola cable modem through Amazon but went down to Staples to get the integrated Wireless router and Telephone Adapter . I am glad that I took this path even though I paid $ 25 more . Why ? The telephone output quit after 11 days . I exchanged for another over the counter just this morning.I started out signing up for callvantage at their website . They sent a Centillium telephone adapter . I had a netgear wireless router installed already , and a toshiba cable modem provided by Cox cable . Had lots of problems with losing internet connections . There were multiple problems , difficult to diagnose . First I discovered that the toshiba modem -LRB- supplied rent free , basically they gave it to us -RRB- was an old model and the local office could not provide any other modem . Nice that it was free , but they could have told their customers that to get reliable internet they should go buy a new , current generation model . Reviews here on Amazon convinced me to get the Motorola surfmodem.So , then there was the issue of having two routers inline . They got confused . The Centillium -LRB- also supplied free , from AT&T ;-RRB- is a router and NAT , but with only one output . Put that into the Netgear . The Netgear would get confused . Eventually I decided that the integrated TelephoneAdapter -LRB- TA -RRB- and actual multi-point router with wireless was what was needed.Works perfectly now . I am using the netgear wireless router as a switch . Something that you can not find out from anyones documentation is
 I have AT&T ; CallVantage and upgraded to this Linksys WRT54GP . The wireless router has all of the features as the other 802.11 g Linksys router , but now has VOIP capability.If you are familiar with Linksys ' other routers , this is a breeze to set up . If you are not , well you are in luck as this is pretty much plug and play . As soon as I connected my modem to this router , a minute later my phone rang indicating it was ready for use.My ISP gives me 384kbit upload speed . This is pretty standard for ISPs , and many give you even faster . My phone calls sound just as clear as when I was on my regular POTS line . When I talk to people on my CallVantage , they have no idea that I am using VOIP . The only time I ever get any disruption in service is if I am doing a very large upload , filling my upload bandwidth.I ca n't recommend VOIP enough . Unlimited calling for one low price , and AT&T ; gives you plenty of features as part of their standard service . You no longer have to pay your local telephone company for each separate service -LRB- such as call waiting , caller ID , call forwarding , voice mail , etc -RRB- . This is ALL included.The only drawback I have right now is that this router does n't come with the service free of charge . Maybe that will change soon .
 Received the product on time . Fairly easy plug and play , however when I connected with AT&T CallVantage for the initial setup of the account the AT&T system thought I had the standard telephone adaptor and tried to download the wrong data . I called the AT&T help line and the service tech was great and easily corrected the problem . I have been very happy with both the router and the AT&T CallVantage service .
 Good product , working fine . A little trouble `` unlocking '' the product to work with other VoIP provided -LRB- other then ATT -RRB- , but it worked .
 Purchased this product seperatly from my ATT callvantage service . I installed a wireless card and then the wireless router . The whole process took less than 30min and the internet was up and running . Had slight problem with phone because ATT had set up and shipped their TA adapater -LRB- which i did not want -RRB- but this was resolved with a ten minute phone call to ATT 's 24 hour tech support . All in all this has been a very stable product and I have had no problems with the phone or internet since installing it a month ago . Phone calls are crystal clear and my internet speeds are excellent .
 When I installed the Linksys wireless router and VoIP telephone adapter , I had already been using AT&T CallVantage services for many months , using a D-Link adpater and a D-Link wireless router . The Linksys solution is far superior in several ways . First , a single device provides all three of the necessary functions
 How many times have you had to pull out mashed staples and mangle the corner of an important document right on deadline ? I think the Paperpro stapler means you never have to experience that again.We bought this after similar models received effusive reviews . If it is possible for a stapler to induce delight , this one will do it.It takes a little getting used to the noise = the stapler that snaps with its little spring-loaded hammer action . But it 's effortless and a sure thing .
 I like the product - this is the second one I 've bought -LRB- I broke the first one -RRB- . This new one came with the locking clips on the front casters broken . I can still use the unit , but ca n't lock it in place . I wrote to Kantek twice asking if they could replace those 2 . I have not had any response from them . .
 I wanted to keep my system off of the floor to reduce the dust collected via the intakes -LRB- tip
 The stand is exactly what I needed , shipping was quick . When received the box was in shambles but the stand and components were intact
 The stand came in 2 days . It assembled easily and it enables me to move and access my tower with ease . I am very satisfied with the product and the vendor .
 It arrived quickly and went together easily . It is now a pleasure to get to the USB and memory card slots on the front of the computer , after years of having to get on my knees . Why did n't I get it 10 years ago ?
 I wanted a stand to get my CPU off the floor as I have an intake on the bottom . I wanted an adjustable stand so it would be easier to see my card reader . This stand served both purposes . It arrived very fast . I only gave it 4 stars because the front legs are too high and they are on their lowest setting . It measures 231/2 '' high . I bearly got it under my desk , so check your measurements .
 Finally someone has invented a CPU holder that makes sense . Not only does it free up space on your desk , but it places the CPU at the perfect angle for access when placed under your desk . The standard CPU holder is level , which makes it difficult to insert CDs , USB cables , etc. , without standing on your head . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to put their CPU tower on the floor , but still wants easy access to it .
 I love this product . I use it everyday whether I 'm using my laptop at home or at work . It warns you when the battery is low and I have n't had any problems with interference at all . It 's super light and it 's sleek design does n't make my hand hurt after using it for a long time . I love it and recomend it to anybody looking to buy a bluetooth mouse .
 I bought this mouse to go with my Sony Vaio laptop computer and am very please with it . I was originally a little concerned with the battery life since it uses Bluetooth , but it 's no problem at all . All I have to do is click the mouse once and it automatically connects to my computer -LRB- in less than a second -RRB- . I 'm on my computer constantly and only have to replace the batteries once every few months . I was highly impressed.Also , the mouse is a nice size and shape . It 's not too small , but yet a great size for slipping it into a pocket of my laptop bag while traveling . It has great sensitivity , too , which is a plus when doing lots of graphic work . It 's never jerky . Overall , I 'd highly recommend this product ! It 's much better than any of the other portable and infrared mouses I 've used in every aspect . It might be a little more expensive , but it 's totally worth it if you spend much time on your computer .
 First off this Mouse does not need a little dongle which is so easy to use although you would need a dongle if you do n't have bluetooth built in your pc or laptop . Batteries last very long for a bluetooth device and compared to the old bluetooth mouse i had , and it fits so nicely in my hand . this paired up fast with my laptop and goes in standby mode when i turn off my laptop or put it on standby . overall 5 out of 5 !!!!
 This is a mechanically rugged paper with a very nice surface that reproduces excellent exhibition grade color images when used with a DesignJet 130r in highest quality mode . I recently put on a jury-selected exhibition at a workshop and several of the instructors expressed a lot of positive interest in this paper , including a university instructor who had been one of Ansel Adams 's assistants . Used with Vivera inks , it is reasonably archival accordingly to Wilhelm . The only drawback in the high sensitivity to water droplets and you can prevent that with Plexiglass.When used on a properly calibrated monitor-printer system -LRB- I regularly use a Color-Munki , also highly recommended -RRB- , this paper also produces black and white and color prints of great subtlety on a new DesignJet 130r . Its reproduction of subtle gradations in color is superior to my Epson 3880 . Highly saturated colors are also very well done .
 This is by far the best printing paper I 've found for my HP 130 roll fed printer . Rich , bold colors , nice lines , great surface sheen , not as reflective as glossy . I simply love this paper , would n't use anything else for my customer prints .
 Bought paper to print out several 23 ` X6 ' posters . Paper works excellently . I 'm used to photo paper that is used in typical home inkjets and was surprised that this HP Premium Satin Inkjet Paper was a lot thicker than what I 'm used to dealing with . Photo finish is great , and even though the plotter seems to want to let the ink dry for 3 minutes after printing , I have no smudging problems at all if I bypass the drying time.The only thing I should mention is even though I bought the `` stain '' version of the paper , it still is shiny , and does n't work extremely well with the overhead lights as I have where the prints are being mounted . Paper is significantly duller than the `` high-gloss '' paper though , so I guess I ca n't complain about that . Good product , great price , and I 'd buy it again if I need more than 50 ' worth of stuff printed out .
 I go through several rolls a year of this fine paper with my DJ-130 . It 's essentially the only kind of paper I run on that printer . Gorgeous prints .
 I need to print mailers , brochures , etc that are in 30 + quantity runs . I needed a cutter to produce quick , accurate and repeatable sizes . It does not have the 1/32 to 1/64 accuracy without several test cuts , each new size setting . I would say that at about half the cost of pro level cutters , this thing ai n't bad . To get accurate 41/2 inch -LRB- half a sheet lengthwise -RRB- I had to file the ends of the blue reference bar down a hair . Still , I am pleased and it puts a good , clean cut on heavy stock , multiple sheets at a time .
 The Carl Trimmer is a real gem find . Here in Australia this model is not available and whilst other Carl Products are available they are at a premium price . Out of the box I found this trimmer to be accurate and having a 20 sheet capacity really helps . The Trimmer comes with a spare blade -LRB- perforator -RRB- and Trimmer mat.In all I would reccomend this product , If there is a shortfall it would be a more weightly base , but being recycled , good price point and accurate ... what more could you want .
 The stapler is much better than the normal old staplers that I am accustomed to . The only potential problems are that it is made of plastic and it takes only a short refill of staples at a time .
 I used on of these at an office I was doing some work for one time and was so impressed that I ordered one as soon as I got back to my office . Never had a single jam in this stapler , no matter what brand staples . Very easy to staple , never had a problem .
 A few years ago I got an awesome stapler from staples . those are no longer available but this seems to be the same stapler . way better than normal staplers that always jam or bend staples
 I purchased this item after using a larger one in another office . I love the no effort power behind this stapler and purchased a second one immediately . The stapler is noisy but strong . If you are in an office environment around other people , they will know each time you use the stapler . It will get the job done . It comes in different sheet stapling capacities so chose the right one for your needs . This one staples 15 sheets .
 This model stapler works great for everyday use on stacks of 15 papers or less . It does n't need much pressure to staple , and you do n't even need to lift the stapler up to staple - you can just use medium pressure using one finger and it 'll work as it 's supposed to !
 This is a GREAT stapler . Hardly any work to put staples through as much as the stapler will hold -LRB- and sometimes you can cheat out a few extras ! -RRB- . We used one at home for years and it 's been great , but we got one for the small store we run and it has broken a few times . The company was VERY helpful in getting us a replacement the first time and they are even offering to replace with a different unit this time , which I think is just wonderful customer service . I am going to give our Prodigy model -LRB- also used at work -RRB- a 5 star because it has never had any issues , ever . I think this is partially because there are more metal and less plastic parts.Overall this is just a FANTASTIC stapler for everyday use , and anyone who has trouble griping or squeezing or even is just smaller like children -LRB- obviously of appropriate age to be handling a stapler -RRB- . Very very good pruduct with Excellent product support . I would give their company a 5 star rating all day , but the product itself is probably a 4 - 4.5 star .
 This is the best little stapler ! It handles more paper than some of the more well-known brand staplers.PaperPro Compact Stapler , Black/Gray -LRB- 1510 -RRB-
 Every teacher needs one of these ! They are awesome for decorating class bulletin boards . It 's pretty sturdy , but also lightweight .
 This is a great product . The stapler works every time I use it without jamming up . It staples with just the pressure of one finger .
 This stapler illustrates for me how important it is to find the best tool for the job , especially if it 's something you 're going to use daily . After years of putting up with crappy Swingline staplers that constantly jammed or did n't forward the staples properly , I 'm so glad to have found this PaperPro . It just staples , simply , easily , and reliably , without acting up on the job . That 's one minor frustration I no longer have to deal with in life . I 'd buy a dozen of these to give as gifts if I knew a dozen people who were as geeky as I am about good office supplies .
 This is a very nice stapler that rarely gets screwed up . The staples are easy to fill , and the stapler easily staples through many sheets of paper . It is a little loud , but the quality of the stapler makes up for that . I would recommend this to anyone .
 Love it ! Absolutely easy and fast . Highly recommmend for ppl who need to staple alot for work . If only they make this and many colors ...
 Bought this for my mom and she loves it ! Now she can stop asking me to unjam her staplers now lol . Refilling staples in this is a little unconventional compared to normal staplers but you feel like a boss when you take out the refilling tray.Edit
 I do n't do a ton of heavy-duty stapling , but as a college student , this is great for stapling that huge paper as I rush to class . All the rest of the time , it 's just - you know , cool .
 This stapler is unlike any stapler I 've used . It has a great form factor and fits comfortably in my hand . The top and back has a molded gray rubber piece that is very smooth and comfortable . The stapler can also sit on a desk the regular way , or you can invert it and have it standing up.The main advantages to this stapler are the ease of use and number of pages it can staple . I bought this stapler because I wanted a something that could staple more than a regular stapler without getting jammed of bending the staples incorrectly . The PaperPro is advertised as an extra capacity stapler , but is only rated at 20 sheets , which is what regular staplers are usually rated at . However I found that the actual capacity is much higher . The stapler can easily staple 30 sheets of paper and still keep them bound . It can staple up to 40 sheets of paper , although the staples are too small by this point to bend underneath and hold the papers together permanently . For anything over 30 sheets you will need an extra large stapler capable of using larger staples . The great thing is how little effort it takes to staple pages . With every other regular stapler I 've used , the more sheets of paper you staple , the harder you have to press on the stapler . If you want to staple 20 sheets of paper , you have to press down very hard , or slam your hand down on the stapler . Otherwise , the staple just bends and does n't go through the paper . With the way the PaperPro is designed , stapling 1 sheet of paper is literally just as easy as stapling 40 . And it really is `` one finger '' as claimed . I can use my pink finger and apply about 2 pounds of pressure and staple through 40 sheets flawlessly . I have never had a bent staple with the PaperPro , and I have never had a staple get stuck in the mechanism and have had to use pliers to pull it out , like you have to do with regular staplers.The one problem with this stapler , is that it is incredibly loud . Like , really loud . Stapling makes a very loud click . I 've gotten used to it , but if you do a lot of stapling in a close work environment with other people nearby , you may have to consider another option .
 I have used many staplers over the last 50 years . I still have a Bates Standard Stapler that 's 50 years old and will probably last forever . However the little PaperPro compact stapler is my favorite . I prepare income tax returns for seniors as part of an AARP program . During the tax season , my fellow volunteers and I do a lot of stapling . My biggest problem with this stapler is that everyone else loves it and wants to borrow it . I have lost more of these that way than were lost by jamming . Do n't say that you were n't warned !
 A stapler might seem like such an incredibly simple item to have in an office . You press down the top part . It connects pieces of paper together . Done , you move on to another task.However , it seemed like stapler after stapler I used brought me nothing but grief . The staples would jam . The staples would n't go in properly . I spent half the time feeling frustrated that such a simple piece of equipment could n't work properly.Then I came across the PaperPro stapler . I do n't mean to rhapsodize TOO much over what a stapler can do , but this is just amazing ! It takes the lightest touch to get it to work . The staples are perfect . It does n't jam . It is simply wonderful!I was talking with my Dad one night and he was explaining how his stapler never works properly . I promptly bought him a PaperPro stapler of his own , and now he loves it as well.With all the grief we deal with in the world , it 's nice to have something that is dependable and reliable to turn to . Plus I adore the translucent green color.Just looking at this on my desk makes me happy . I know it will do exactly what it needs to do whenever I call on it . Would n't it be nice if everything in life was like that?I purchased my stapler with my own funds , and have owned it for over a year now.Highly recommended .
 This stapler is unlike any stapler I 've used . It has a great form factor and fits comfortably in my hand . The top and back has a molded gray rubber piece that is very smooth and comfortable . The stapler can also sit on a desk the regular way , or you can invert it and have it standing up.The main advantages to this stapler are the ease of use and number of pages it can staple . I bought this stapler because I wanted a something that could staple more than a regular stapler without getting jammed of bending the staples incorrectly . The PaperPro is advertised as an extra capacity stapler , but is only rated at 20 sheets , which is what regular staplers are usually rated at . However I found that the actual capacity is much higher . The stapler can easily staple 30 sheets of paper and still keep them bound . It can staple up to 40 sheets of paper , although the staples are too small by this point to bend underneath and hold the papers together permanently . For anything over 30 sheets you will need an extra large stapler capable of using larger staples . The great thing is how little effort it takes to staple pages . With every other regular stapler I 've used , the more sheets of paper you staple , the harder you have to press on the stapler . If you want to staple 20 sheets of paper , you have to press down very hard , or slam your hand down on the stapler . Otherwise , the staple just bends and does n't go through the paper . With the way the PaperPro is designed , stapling 1 sheet of paper is literally just as easy as stapling 40 . And it really is `` one finger '' as claimed . I can use my pink finger and apply about 2 pounds of pressure and staple through 40 sheets flawlessly . I have never had a bent staple with the PaperPro , and I have never had a staple get stuck in the mechanism and have had to use pliers to pull it out , like you have to do with regular staplers.One problem with this stapler , is that it is incredibly loud . Like , really loud . Stapling makes a very loud click . I 've gotten used to it , but if you do a lot of stapling in a close work environment with other people nearby , you may have to consider another option . Another problem with the compact stapler is tha it does n't hold a full line of staples and you have to break them off to get them to fit .
 I bought this stapler to take to work . We had an old stapler that jammed all day long . Everyone loves this stapler . It 's the simple things in life ! : -RRB-
 Easiest stapler to use . The `` power mechanics '' that makes this so easy to use is loud though.Small compact design takes up very little desk space . Much better then the garbage Swingline , thatI threw away .
 I recently used this stapler in an office where I was temping ... can not believe how easy it is to use , especially in a high volume office . It saved my wrist ! I like it so much I am ordering one for my home office . I may never go back to regular staplers again !
 I bought this stapler on the recommendations I read on Amazon . After receiving the stapler , and being very , very impressed , unfortunately a spring in the staple magazine ` advancer ' broke and rendered it worthless . I contacted the manufacturer via email with my problem -LRB- including a photo -RRB- , and was instantly told a new one would be sent to me without further discussion . I received it as expected and once again am a happy stapler . Great product , great service , exceeded expectations in every way .
 For those who hate to strain stapling 3 - 15 sheets , this spring-loaded stapler is a godsend . One needs only the slightest touch to activate the stapler , almost like an electric one . the design and color possibilities are also attractive . Highly recommend , especially when you shop and get a good price .
 This stapler is unlike any stapler I 've used . It has a great form factor and fits comfortably in my hand . The top and back has a molded gray rubber piece that is very smooth and comfortable . The stapler can also sit on a desk the regular way , or you can invert it and have it standing up.The main advantages to this stapler are the ease of use and number of pages it can staple . I bought this stapler because I wanted a something that could staple more than a regular stapler without getting jammed of bending the staples incorrectly . The PaperPro is advertised as an extra capacity stapler , but is only rated at 20 sheets , which is what regular staplers are usually rated at . However I found that the actual capacity is much higher . The stapler can easily staple 30 sheets of paper and still keep them bound . It can staple up to 40 sheets of paper , although the staples are too small by this point to bend underneath and hold the papers together permanently . For anything over 30 sheets you will need an extra large stapler capable of using larger staples . The great thing is how little effort it takes to staple pages . With every other regular stapler I 've used , the more sheets of paper you staple , the harder you have to press on the stapler . If you want to staple 20 sheets of paper , you have to press down very hard , or slam your hand down on the stapler . Otherwise , the staple just bends and does n't go through the paper . With the way the PaperPro is designed , stapling 1 sheet of paper is literally just as easy as stapling 40 . And it really is `` one finger '' as claimed . I can use my pink finger and apply about 2 pounds of pressure and staple through 40 sheets flawlessly . I have never had a bent staple with the PaperPro , and I have never had a staple get stuck in the mechanism and have had to use pliers to pull it out , like you have to do with regular staplers.One problem with this stapler , is that it is incredibly loud . Like , really loud . Stapling makes a very loud click . I 've gotten used to it , but if you do a lot of stapling in a close work environment with other people nearby , you may have to consider another option . Another problem with the compact stapler is tha it does n't hold a full line of staples and you have to break them off to get them to fit .
 I love this stapler so much , I put my name on it . The only problem is that it does n't hold a full row of staples - a minor annoyance .
 The stapler is great and works wonderfuly . The price was way too high . Found same product at Staples for $ 10.00 less .
 This is the best stapler ever . I am a teacher and 150 students are hard on every office product but this one stands up to that ! The only issue is that when you open it to staple to a board or something , the staples fall out if you are not playing attention . Otherwise it would be 5 stars !
 As a teacher , I 'm always stapling papers together and this stapler is easy on the hand and wrist . I 'll never use another !!!
 So I had high expectations of this stapler , and it does meet most , but there are some flaws . For one , anyone who says you only need your pinky to staple either has an insanely strong pinky or has a different stapler than me . It 's much easier than other staplers , but not pinky-only . Obviously not a big deal , but worth noting.The important bit is that the stapler has a tendency to sometimes not &#34; click &#34; and launch the staple through , so you 'll be left turning the stapler on its side and looking at a single staple , unbent , falling to the side . Sometimes this happens consecutively , and I have not yet figured out what is the reason for this occurrence.The second important thing , which is actually the reason I got this thing , is because it has the power to staple thick stacks in a way that a regular stapler just does n't . I 've stapled stacks of 25 pages with just a single try and no trouble , which is why I love this thing . If it did n't have that random &#34; I do n't feel like stapling right now &#34; moment , I 'd give it a 5/5 . As others said , It 's kind of loud , but I personally do n't mind . If you sit next to someone at work who is irritable or moody , this may or may not get to them , which may or may not be more reason for you to buy this .
 Awesome stapler !!!! Does the job much better than regular staplers !!! Arrived sooner than expected , will definetly by from this vendor again !
 It is everything it was supposed to be . It was a gift for my mom . She always wanted a stapler like this and finally found exactly what she wanted .
 This was everything i thought I would be . Very great customer service , arrived on time . I would work with this company again .
 This is the best stapler that I have ever used . It works great with very little pressure and works better than all other big and heavy stapler that I have at the office . This is perfect for ladies since it does n't require you to put your weight on it . It 's small light and very user friendly stapler . I love it and I definitely recommend it .
 This is just what I was looking for . I really like the compact stapler . It will be just right for my desk .
 I love to staple my papers together , and sometimes get a bit staple happy -LRB- my hubby says anyway -RRB- . But I love this spring loaded version - makes me happy !
 Es la mejor grapadora que he tenido . Puede grapar hasta 15 hojas de papel bond 20 y m&aacute;s que eso si el papel es bond 16 , todo esto con el m&iacute;nimo esfuerzo y sin atascos . La recomiendo ciento por ciento .
 I love this stapler !! Very easy to use -LRB- one finger push -RRB- and it staples a lot of pages at a time . The Breast Cancer Ribbon just tops it all off . I get compliments on it all the time . I will buy another one if this one ever breaks .
 Bought this to replace old black one . Works well but a little to big . Price is good for the money .
 Stapler works great , but I have a hard time reloading it with staples . It is different from a normal stapler where you slide the staples in -- this one you drop the staples in with the stapler open . When I forget I usally bring it to my husband and he shows me how to get it to work again . Not a bad design ... just hard to get used to it since I do n't reload staples more than once every six months and the picture instructions always throw me off . Everytime I refill I end up trying to slide the staples into the back where it appears it will work . They slide in fine and the stapler shuts , but then the stapler wo n't work.Other than that , I like it a lot .
 Our old Bostitch stapler finally gave out -- the mechanism was just sticking -- and I 've had the full-size PaperPro model -LRB- PaperPro 1100 Desk Top Stapler -RRB- at work for a while now , so I bought this smaller one for home . I figured it would be easier for my kids ' smaller hands to use , and I was curious as to how the smaller one would compare to the one I was used to.This smaller stapler turns out to be just as good as its larger cousin and I wholeheartedly recommend it with a few caveats . It does n't hold a full row of staples , and it 's not that much smaller , so if you do a lot of stapling , you may as well get the larger model . Also , if you 're used to non-PaperPro staplers , the loading will take a little getting used to
 a PaperPro is jealously guarded by those in the office that have them . Great staplers , always works , minimal jams .
 Not sure how the mechanics of this stapler work or why the industry has n't come up with it before now , but this is a great product . It easily staples multiple sheets even though you apply almost no pressure to the stapler -- almost as easy as an electric stapler .
 It 's so easy a baby can do it.I will never buy those old fashion staplers like my teachers used to use ever again.I got my first Paper Pro stapler about 6 years ago . Since then I 've beenbuying them for my friends and family . Everyone is amazed at how easy it is tostaple 20 sheets of paper .
 This is a great little stapler . No effort is required as it automatically shoots the staple through the paper . I used to have to use my fist to hit the top of my old stapler for multiple sheets . I did n't buy this on Amazon but after using it for a few months I felt compelled to post my positive experience .
 This stapler is a nice small size and fits right in your hand . But it packs a punch and can staple even large wads of paper together . An excellent desktop stapler and comes in a pretty color too !
 I love this stapler BUT it 's a pain to find staple pins that fit . For some reason not ALL standard staple pins fit in this .
 This is a fun stapler and adds a little color to my work desk . I am a little disappointed because the description says it staples 20 pages - it does not . In fact , the stapler itself reads 15 page staples on the side . Enjoy !
 I love these staplers . Bought several more to give as gifts to my family . Good design . Very reliable .
 I bought this for my son 's teacher as a gift . I own 2 of them myself and use them at work . One is this size and one is the larger size . This is great for most stapling . I had to get the larger one , cuz I prepare taxes and the larger ones need the bigger stapler . With the arthritis in my hands , this is the only stapler I will use now .
 We use this stapler in my class . I have students with physical disabilities . This stapler is easy to use ; much like using an electric stapler . We even use it to hang posters . The staples go easily into the wall . We even have other students/staff come in to use the stapler . The colors are nifty as well . I am planning on getting a different color for each of my staff -LRB- since they wo n't leave mine alone -RRB- .
 This stapler is unlike any stapler I 've used . It has a great form factor and fits comfortably in my hand . The top and back has a molded gray rubber piece that is very smooth and comfortable . The stapler can also sit on a desk the regular way , or you can invert it and have it standing up.The main advantages to this stapler are the ease of use and number of pages it can staple . I bought this stapler because I wanted a something that could staple more than a regular stapler without getting jammed of bending the staples incorrectly . The PaperPro is advertised as an extra capacity stapler , but is only rated at 20 sheets , which is what regular staplers are usually rated at . However I found that the actual capacity is much higher . The stapler can easily staple 30 sheets of paper and still keep them bound . It can staple up to 40 sheets of paper , although the staples are too small by this point to bend underneath and hold the papers together permanently . For anything over 30 sheets you will need an extra large stapler capable of using larger staples . The great thing is how little effort it takes to staple pages . With every other regular stapler I 've used , the more sheets of paper you staple , the harder you have to press on the stapler . If you want to staple 20 sheets of paper , you have to press down very hard , or slam your hand down on the stapler . Otherwise , the staple just bends and does n't go through the paper . With the way the PaperPro is designed , stapling 1 sheet of paper is literally just as easy as stapling 40 . And it really is `` one finger '' as claimed . I can use my pink finger and apply about 2 pounds of pressure and staple through 40 sheets flawlessly . I have never had a bent staple with the PaperPro , and I have never had a staple get stuck in the mechanism and have had to use pliers to pull it out , like you have to do with regular staplers.One problem with this stapler , is that it is incredibly loud . Like , really loud . Stapling makes a very loud click . I 've gotten used to it , but if you do a lot of stapling in a close work environment with other people nearby , you may have to consider another option . Another problem with the compact stapler is tha it does n't hold a full line of staples and you have to break them off to get them to fit .
 I received my stapler is a perfect condition . It does it 's job in a perfect way . Nice color . Nice design . But my little complain is that it needs little effort -LRB- more than 1 finger -RRB- to press it completely to staple.All in all . Great product . Will never use a regular stapler again . -LSB- UPDATE -RSB- July 22 , 2010 . Been using it since I got it and it 's still working . the spring isnide became more easy to use now . and can use 1 finger to finish the job : -RRB-
 I use my stapler all day long and wore out sensor desk stapler in just a few years . This is a quiet and easy touch stapler . I really like it and am happy to have found such a great deal on Amazon .
 Excellent all-metal pencil compass . Far better than the plasticy asian stuff we see today , even though at first thought buying a compass online seemed fairly absurd . Precise , will last for a very long time . An essential for draftsmen and engineering students , well worth it .
 This is a great compass that is easy to adjust and holds it 's setting well . I put up with a cheapy that frustrated me for years doing woodworking till I finally bought this . But I just found that you can get one at lowes for less than $ 5 . So buying one online is pretty much senseless . Still , I gave it 5 stars for the products value even at $ 8 , but just go and buy it from the hardware store .
 I 've gone through dozens of cheap elementary school type compasses over the years and decided to get one that might be consistent from one moment to the next , or from one circle to the next . This one does the job and reaffirms the adage , you gets what you pays for .
 The dimensions given for this box is 11 `` H x 14 `` W x 61/2 `` D.Be aware that the inside dimensions for usable space are actually
 I must say after years of use , this file case has held together well and provides excellent protection for papers and folders . I like the ability to use hanging folders . The case itself if fairly light weight and even totally filled with papers/files it weights about 12-13lbs -LRB- this is without hanging folders , which have metal crossbars and add weight -RRB- . I gave the product four stars instead of five due to a handful of grips that I have about the product . - First the clasp has gotten loose with time and does not have a solid catch . I have not had a problem with this opening but I remain concerned about the clasp if the case is dropped or tips over . Notably , I have other similar cases that have clasps that have held up better with time . - The handle is square and hollowed , so the weight of a full case digs into my fingers and can get uncomfortable pretty quickly . I have other cases that have solid , rounded , and contoured handle grips that are much more comfortable . - no slot for a lock - no compartment areasFinal thoughts - I like the case , particularly if you are concerned about total weight or know that you will always want to carry a very limited amount of papers/items . However , I have personally found using a larger case system provides much more flexibility in terms of carrying capacity -LRB- i.e. more capacity -RRB- and these larger cases usually have storage compartments and better handles . I found the larger cases may weigh 22-23lbs at full capacity . Overall the larger sized cases are more stable -LRB- better ratio of width to height -RRB- and wo n't tip over as easily .
 I bought this portable file box , and absolutely love it ! It was just as I expected . It perfectly fits my needs - organziing my work stuff . I am actually purchasing another one , as I want it for some of my personal items as well . I love that you can keep hanging file folders in it as well !
 This file box was just the perfect size for what I needed . It 's sturdy and opens & closes easily . Happy to have found it .
 I bought this to carry files back and forth to work . It works great . I use it 5 days a week . It holds several standard hanging file folders .
 these boxes seem like they will last a while and wo n't break under the weight of the files they 're supposed to hold .
 Well made , perfect size . I can transport my important files and folders easily and it takes up very little space .
 It met my expectations.It was exactly what I was looking for . I needed somethimething smaller that you normally find in office supply stores
 I found this sturdy , attractive , and slim file box to be just what I was looking for . I bought it for work , where I often need to carry my files from room to room . Even when full , it does n't feel heavy or bulky . After using the first box I ordered , I got another to use at home . This is an affordable and high-quality product .
 Works great for small item storage . Grandchildren love them for small parts to toys / games when no container provided with original set .
 I keep this caddy on my desk at work ... at my job in NYC . I sometimes find hate messages stuck to it or plastic bags covering it , but that 's to be expected when I 'm surrounded by yankee fans . I took off one star just because I wish that the notes in the middle were sticky notes or even sheets of paper with the Boston logo , but they 're just plain white sheets .
 I ordered it on Sunday night , it was shipped on Monday and I received it on Tuesday . Hard to beat that kind of service . This is a simple , sturdy , drafting type stool of excellent quality . It was exactly what I was looking for and I 'm completely satisfied with it and more than satisfied with the quick response to my order by the seller .
 Ordered this item , because I already had one and wanted to update it . If you want something that is very conservative and have all necessary elements to keep track of appointments this is the item . The monthly tabs are great so you can go to the month immediately , and the font is very attractive for both a man or woman to use . Alot of space to put notes . I would definitely recommend this product , if you want a product that will give you both the space and attractive conservative look -LRB- with some pictures -RRB- for such a great price , that you ca n't find anywhere else . I have looked at other sites that sell for business executive planners and none can compare to this one . I will purchase another one next year .
 Great chair for the money . I read all the feedback on it and was a little unsure about the purchase . I use it everyday and it has held up well considering I am just north of 250 . I would purchase another one in a heart beat . You get what you pay for , no surprises . If you want a $ 1500 chair for this price , then go buy the more expensive chair .
 Happy with the purchase , comfortable chair . Not thrilled about the plastic arm that get easily scratched when hitting the edge of the counter , but reasonably priced .
 came in a compact box which first worried me . abut , after assembling -LRB- which took some time but has easy instructions -RRB- the chair so far feels durable and sturdy .
 I purchased two of these tables with the idea in mind of small office space . I have been very happy so far with them , they were so easy to assemble -LRB- my 10 year old did it for me -RRB- they look great and stand well . My only negative thought would be that they seem to have scuffed a little in transit and that is something that ca n't be repainted . Otherwise I have several things on them and they do n't wiggle much . I like the solid top the height as well as the length -LRB- and also that I could have bought two other lengths if I would have liked -RRB- . Over all I am very satisfied with this type of table .
 I received my office chair on-time and in perfect condition . The fabric was extremely nice , something you would see on a more expensive chair , it was also exactly the color as seen on the computer . Easy to assemble . This chair is the perfect fit for my home office . This chair is connected by the arm attachments , no center post . Has a nice finished and elegant look .
 It was a pleasure working with TJ 's . Highly recommended dealer . Very honest and accommodating . There was a mix up in the order but TJ 's made it right.The meter stick is a cheaper version of more expensive meter sticks , all wood , But perfect for high school science as I orders several set for my science classes or for home use . Incidentally , less prone to sword fighting because of this !
 It 's meters on one side and inches on the other . It did help my grandchildren visualize the concept of metric measurement and also english . Well worth it to help them understand and I get a yard stick to boot .
 The item listed was exactly what I needed . I guess there is not much need for meter sticks anymore , not being able to find one at the local hardware or craft stores . The price was good , even if I had to pay shipping .
 I have bought this item twice already . It has good quality and great price . I am a Amazon Prim member so I also get free shipping for this item !
 I use these envelopes nearly every month ! I prepare handouts and lessons for ladies I teach from my Church , and I mail at least 5 every month ! They are a necessity in my household ! I will keep buying them !
 These envelopes are unusual dimensions and not readily available in standard office supply stores . They were exactly what I needed .
 The size was perfect for legal documents and was very hard to find anywhere else Delivery was super fast and the price was right .
 All sensa pens are great ! This pen feels light , but looks great . I love how the grip molds to my fingers and I like how I dont ' end up with indents on my fingers after writing for a while . When it came it did have a kind of a film on the grip , I just rubbed it off and after that it is fine . I think that is on there to protect the grip until it is in use , because I have gotten several different colors , and they all had that on there too . I recommend this pen to everyone ! Just be careful with sharp objects near the grip . I accidently slipped while writing and my finger nail punctured the grip and the stuff started to come out until it was almost empty . Of course I had to order another one and a spare , but it was n't due to a defect it was my own fault , so just a word of caution to those that buy it because you will love it and do n't want to have to replace it !
 The Cloud9 pen is sooo comfortable , the plasmium grip is the best I 've ever tried , and I can write for hours without pain in my fingers - even on my marathon Wednesday morning -LRB- four straight hours of lectures ! -RRB- or when I 'm reading and taking notes for an essay . It writes smoothly - no skipping or going dry for a few minutes . It 's stylish as well , and refills are relatively cheap and readily available -LRB- Cross ballpoint pen refill , as Sensa does n't make their own anymore -RRB- . I 've already given several to friends , because these are simply amazing pens !
 I have owned one other Sensa pen and when I went to buy a refill I took advantage of the offer to buy the Cloud 9 . This is just another wonderful Sensa product . I choke and try to break my writing instruments . This pen keeps me from doing so . I allows my usually terrible penmanship to be much better and more readable . Just a very comfortable way to write . It takes longer to get the refills than the pen . Same company , whats that about ?
 The pen works great ! I have no complaints . The product arrived in a timely manner and I had no issues with the seller .
 Not only are these Jiffy padded mailers the best I have ever purchase but as well amazon 's price is incredibly fair , best I have seen in 30 or so years of purchasing padded mailers.What can one say ? I believe all of us , both individuals and businesses , we all need to strive to match amazon 's high standards.Thanks to BOTH Amazon and Jiffy !
 I found this to be the best value of any on Amazon.The vinyl is a little cheap for an executive 's office , but for this middle manager it is just fine .
 I love pens and this pen is on the top of the list for style and comfort . The words seem to glide out of the pen makes writing an art . On the plus side , they are not that expensive .
 These are GREAT envelopes . 100 % recycled material and nice and thick . Superb quality . I have bought other brands of 100 % recycled paper envelopes and the quality is poor - really thin envelopes . But these envelopes are nice and thick . You ca n't easily see through them to see the contents inside . I HIGHLY recommend them !
 I puchased theses envelopes instead of buying small quantities at Walmart . Very pleased with product , price and quick delivery .
 These shapes are surprisingly solid and substantial . Our 18-month old son enjoys stacking and playing with them . He occasionally chews on them but the foam is hard enough to discourage damage . This is a unique type of foam you do not normally encounter in toys . These shapes have last a while and continue to get good use .
 Got this item to replace another scale that had been used for some time and was actiong up . This one offer a lot more features at a much better price . Hope that it offer many years of good service .
 Great item . I am replacing this with a FedEx Scale that cost over 400.00 This scale can take the same type of beating and is easier to operate with more features .
 We recently started to receive more online orders . This caused a need for a more organized -LRB- professional -RRB- shipping situation . We designated one room and decided a layout and put it all together . Our old scale was smaller and almost impossible to read with a big box on it . The reason we picked this scale was the affordable price and detachable display . Once receiving the scale I wa amazed at the quality and sturdiness considering how inexpensive it was . Once it was in place I truly understood how much more convenient it would make my package preparation . With the brolliant blue LED back light i can see the display from across the room . This makes it easier to put the weight into the computer to print the labels . I now can make my packages complete for drop off at the post office in half the time .
 Great scale , fair price . Was fast on shipping . Only problem is we can not figure out how to calibrate the scale and it is off by 4 ounces from our other USPS scale . But sure is easy to use and convenient .
 We have an export business so we ship a lot and our packages weigh anywhere from grams to 150 lbs . This scale is spot on every time and although it does not appear to be heavy duty it has handled all well.We are very happy with the appearance , the remote display -LRB- especially for large packages -RRB- , and the performance.I will recommend this scale to anyone , for the price and applications I really feel we got more than we bargained for .
 Have been using this product for a couple of years . Works great for shipping packages from home . Also , use it for weighing luggage to make sure I 'm under the 50lb limit . Great cause you can view the weight w/o the item obscuring the readout as the display is on the cord , not on the weighing platform like on a traditional scale . Excellent for my use and a great price .
 Excellent product , very affordable and of good quality . 100 % recommended for future purchases ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
 I got the base unit and one extension phone a couple years ago . We recently moved and needed more extensions for the new house . These are great .
 I ordered this phone to pair up with my other desk phone and cordless phone . I was worried it would not sync up , but no problems . I would order from this company again .
 I now have 3 of these cordless handsets , and I really love them . They have crystal clear quality and a good range .
 The Motorola phone MD700 family works very well with paging and anywhere connectivity . Highly recommended .
 I added this to my system . This one is better in that the battery seems to last longer . I think the original three contained old batteries . They were purchased from someone else.This one is tops over the others ...
 I bought this product to extend my existing cordless phone . Surely the best sound quality of any home cordless phone . The only negative was that I had to move the base station away from the computer to minimize interference.I suspect that their replacement models are just as good .
 Already had main unit . Added two additional units for other rooms in house . Works great . Highly reccommend .
 I had purchased the base unit for this phone and needed an additional phone for the garage and was able to add this one on without running any additional phone lines .
 The handset connected immediately after charging the battery with the base . It seems to function just as it is supposed to function .
 I LOVED THIS PHONE SYSTEM SO MUCH , I JUST BOUGHT THREE MORE HANDSETS BRINGING THE TOTAL TO SIX . I ESPECIALLY LIKE THE ABILITY TO NAME EACH HANDSET WHATEVER YOU WANT , WHICH MAKES IT EASIER TO KEEP THE PHONES IN THE RIGHT ROOMS . TO THE OTHERS WHO DO NOT LIKE THESE PHONES , I CA N'T EVEN BELIEVE WE HAVE THE SAME PHONE . I HAVE THREE KIDS WHO CONSTANTLY LEAVE THE PHONE OFF OF THE CHARGER AND I NEVER HAVE HAD A PROBLEM WITH THEM KEEPING THEIR CHARGE . MY BASE UNIT IS IN MY MASTER BEDROOM IN A TWO STORY AND WE HAVE A HANDSET ON THE OPOSITE SIDE OF THE HOUSE IN THE BASEMENT THAT WORKS PERFECTLY . I CAN WALK ALL OVER MY YARD AND DOWN A DIRT ROAD TO MY MAILBOX WITH NOT A PROBLEM . I HAVE NEVER LOST A CALL . ANOTHER FAVORITE IS THE INTERCOM FEATURE WHICH ALLOWS YOU THE ABILITY TO CALL ALL OR ONE OF THE OTHER HANDSETS IN THE HOUSE . THIS IS AN AWESOME FEATURE IF YOU NEED TO ASK SOMEONE A QUICK QUESTION AND DO N'T WANT TO GO UPSTAIRS . I CA N'T SAY ENOUGH GOOD ABOUT THE PHONES . IF YOU READ THE BOX , BUY APPROPRIATELY AND FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS YOU WILL BE VERY PLEASED .
 This was to replace a faulty MD71 in our home phone system . It was a perfect match and worked wonderfully right out of the shipping box . Would use this seller again , certainly ! THANKS
 It works very well . We have 2 handsets in addition to the base and makes it much easier to find a phone to answer . There are also many different options/functions on the phone to make life easier .
 I have 2 lines in my home for personal use and a business . I love my Motorola phone system . I have the main answering machine that can customize ring tones for each line , a built in phone book , caller ID , separate answering machines for each line . Then I have several of these cordless accessory handsets that do not need to plug into a jack . They all can access the same phone book , have different rings , and you can set the phone to not ring during `` night time '' hours ! Perfect for a home business .
 when used correcly and with its MD71 primary cordless phone , no problems .
 As with the MD751 -LRB- required to use this expansion phone -RRB- , this phone offers superior sound quality . In my opinion Panasonic is the best when it comes to sound quality , but this was a close second and was a vast improvement over all AT&T , VTech and GE phones I tried . The features are excellent , including expandability , handsfree/speakerphone , and all the other standard bells and whistles for a top of the line phone . The one feature that seems unique to Motorola is the Area Code Format feature . Among other things , this means that when I get a call from a long-distance area code , it either knows to add a 1 at the beginning or allows me to change the format to do so to facilitate calling back that number without needing to key it in manually . I have not found this on any other phone and it is a great feature . The only problem I have is that there is a lack of connectivity between the expansion units and the base units . Each phone is more or less designed to work on its own , so it is necessary to manually delete caller ID logs from each phone and to store auto-dial and Area Code Format preferences separately as well . Still , this is a great buy even at the high price .
 We have a base unit -LRB- Motorola MD761 -RRB- and one of these expansion sets . The phones have good range on them -LRB- I have taken mine across the street to check the mail without a problem -RRB- and despite my wife 's habit of spending a lot of time talking on the phone , we have never had the battery charge die on us . You are supposed to leave them on the base when not in use -LRB- maybe some did n't read the instructions ? -RRB- . We have had these for about a year now without complaint other than very rarely having to hit the `` flash/answer '' button twice for the phone to pick up - no big deal.It has more features than I will ever use , but the built-in SHARED stored phone numbers are great -LRB- when you enter a number you can designate it to be stored on the phone or as a shared number in the base unit for any phone to use -RRB- . You can use multiple extensions simultaneously - some/most other phones do not allow 2 handsets to be used at the same time -LRB- say you and your wife both want to talk with grandpa at the same time , for instance -RRB- . The phones are comfortable to hold and the rubberized sides help prevent accidental drops . We really like the phones . Sound is clear and the phones are easy to use.The phone is labeled as an `` accessory handset '' and says it is for use with `` Motorola MD 700 series expandable cordless phones '' . If you did n't read the product description carefully , do not complain that it is n't what you thought it was . As far as the looks go - we really like it . I think it is silly to look at a photo of a product , buy it , then complain about it 's looks . Come on .
 People complain of bad battery life , and we had this problem at first . I think what happens is that the batteries get old on the store shelf . Ours would n't hold a charge very long , so we called Motorola , and they cheerfully & quickly sent us new batteries . After that , everything was great . Like any NiCad product , I think you have to 1 -RRB- follow the directions for the initial charge and 2 -RRB- keep them on the base as much as you can . Our family has trouble returning them to the base , but they still are holding charges well after about 8 months.For us , being able to expand to 8 phones on just one line is the clinching feature -LRB- its not common to support so many handsets using just one `` ringer equivalent '' -LSB- telephone technospeak - we only have 5 ringer equivalents in our house - so we can only have 5 ordinary phones or phone devices hooked up at once -RSB- -RRB- . Also , the Motorola does n't interfere with our internet DSL dial-up on the same line . So far , we have just 3 handsets , but plan to add more gradually . More means less getting up and running around , and more intercom units - I 'd like one in each bedroom eventually.The human inferface and buttons are relatively easy . Changing volumes is easy - in my room I turn off the ringer , but hear it ringing in other rooms . It lights up on ringing , -LRB- text and buttons ! -RRB- and I can see the caller ID even at night , and then decide if it 's for me or whether to let my children answer it , or just let it go to voice mail . The caller ID log is shared by all units - everyone can see the same list on their phones and holds the last 40 calls backed up by battery . You can quickly redial any entry in the log and/or save it to your handset 's personal address book . The fast dial address book entries are unique to each phone , and have user-defined text tags for each number . They have a lot of shortcut features that make them convenient.Our friends gave us a `` talking '' 2.4 MHz system to try and it almost drove us crazy - I could n't get anybody to use it - the interface was so awkward . A clean interface is very important . Any phone requires a few days to get used to because portables lack a precise common interface like the GUIs on computers , but my family was up and running quickly.For security , we want 5.8 MHz . It 's too easy for prowlers to cruise around and capture conversations . I 'm told no one can readily crack 5.8 MHz right now.I was surprise how poor the features are on many phones - someday someone will make some that are much better - but this is the best I could find at present . My wife does n't care for the `` rugged '' non-slip handset , but the guys like it , and my daughter is indifferent . Most of all , adding phones to our single line is trivial and relatively inexpensive . The system should last a long time with up to 8 handsets.Don ' t overlook this phone . Get Motorola to replace the batteries if necessary . I do n't think any of the systems are perfect , but this one is very nice .
 I 've owned this phone MD791 with two MD71 extensions for about 3 weeks . Everything works great and I can not get over all the features it has . My favorites are
 With today 's technology and gadgets , it 's refreshing to find a phone that is intuitive and easy to use . My Dad -LRB- 70yr + -RRB- after using it in our home said
 Everyone in my house is very happy with the MD71 in terms of messages and basic phone use . The 5.8 GHz has eliminated static and cross talk issues we used to have with our previous 2.4 phone system . The one caveat I have is -LRB- and it seems foolish that they do n't have a better selection -RRB- the ring tones and ring tone options are both limited and cheesy . Given the proven technology they have on the cell side , and the room to inclue more options in the memory of this unit , one would think you could get everything from a classic phone bell ring to a wide variety of options and that 's not the case . It 's a very solid unit though and has some really nice visual cues communicating a ringing phone , messages etc. .
 Now have five of these cordless phones around my home . They work great for the price . The only weak area is the battery . The battery last about two hours on talk . Not bad.You will enjoy this phone .
 Pretty nice handset . It has speakerphone and intercom features which I like and use very much . Very lightweight compared to previous models .
 Seller shipped new brother labels in original manufacturers box . Item exactly as described . Am placing another order for more labels at this price and looking to see what other deals this seller has available .
 Product was just as described , delivered quickly and in new condition . I would use this supplier again .
 I 'm surprised about the previous bad review . I have been using these pens for months at my job -LRB- I am a medical professional and I am constantly documenting in charts -RRB- . The pens are the right size for my hands as I do not like very thick pens . The grip is comfortable , and the ink flows smoothly . The ink itself is on the lighter side compared to other pens that I use , but I do n't see that as a problem . These are my favorite pens and people are always stealing them ! I would recommend them .
 I really enjoyed these pens.They work great.I 'm sure they 'll last a long time and I 'll get lots of use out of them.Loved the design on them also .
 Good buy ! Perfect for packaging . we buy on the regular basis with no complaints . We like the bags , they are strong , durable . Delivery on time .
 I purchased this phone to use in my office at work . I have the same unit at home but in black.It has been problem free and the only difference I 've noted from the unit I have at home is this one has no illuminated keys . No big deal.Very happy overall and the refurbished price I got -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- was a bargain .
 Great reception , great charge/talk time . I love this phone . Maybe too much . I wore out the `` 2 '' in about 6 months . That was why it did n't get 5 stars .
 The phone is fantastic . Features included as great -LRB- Answering machine , speaker phone , 5.8 GHz , Caller ID and what not ! -RRB- Its an excellent product for the price offered at Amazon . I always prefer to purchase products at amazon .
 I have these on some of my extra cords at work . They are really easy to use and look better than wads of extra cords secured by cable ties . The product info says it holds 8 ' of standard cord . I guess I 'm not sure what constitutes standard cord . I have about 3 ' of computer cable in one and it is full . Another has about 1 ' of ethernet cable and it is about 1/2 full . I have one with 3 ' of lamp cord -LRB- that goes from the lamp to the electrical outlet -RRB- in it and it is full . So , while I find them useful and will buy them again when I have a need , I 'm not sure what type of cord you would use to fit 8 ' in there . One other thing , because they are made for stacking , there is a nodule on the bottom of each , meant to be inserted into the top of another . This means that the bottom side -LRB- not the dome side -RRB- will not lie flat . I would prefer it if they would like flat , as I have them on my desk , but I 'll live with it .
 If I could , I 'd give these about 3.5 stars since they 're a little better than 3 , but not quite worthy of 4 . I bought these because I had a lot of speaker wire crammed behind my computer desk and wanted to clean things up . I suppose these little things do their job , although my biggest complaint is that they do n't hold very much at all . I had to use the ENTIRE package of these just for my speaker wire -LRB- and it really was n't all that much -RRB- . On the plus side though , I think they 're a pretty decent quality . I 'm not sure I 'd buy them again . I think I 'd try a different product in search of something a little more efficient .
 This item is just as described . I will definately buy it again ... The price is also really good when compared to other sites
 Works perfectly . Has n't jammed on me yet . I wish the package had come with a few staples to begin with . It uses the standard staples , which did n't cost much to get a bunch from grocery store .
 This phone comes in shrink wrap packaging without the retail box , but still with the manual and wall mount . Panasonic makes good phones and this one is good . I got it because with so many other 2.4 GHz phones and WiFi in my apartment building , my 2.4 phone was unusable . Not many people have 5.8 phones yet and so this phone 's signal is clear and strong.Good price point for a generally more expensive item .
 I have was looking for cordless above 2.4 GHz for my own use and I have found it on the Amazon . However it was refurbished , it was like a new one with no complaint till now . I will recomand to go for this one if you are looking for the good phone with basic features . It is worth going with Amazon as they do give nice support even after delivery .
 This was purchased for a move into a new white kitchen . The features , espially the message indicator light on the antenna are great . The size is perfect , and it has been functioning perfectly . I have been very happy with this purchase ... And as usual Amazons bottom line price is the best !!
 it has this neat feature where you can add however many phone numbers in it so i do n't have to go looking for a phone book anymore . I have n't checked out the online features yet . I do really think everything about it is nifty so far though . ^_^ Best phone i 've ever owned so far .
 Good telephone . Hard to give a 5 stars , but close to it .
 I can not give this phone/answering machine a 5 star rating because the most important aspect of this system is longevity.I have only had the system in service for 3 weeks . I bought it because I had a GE model where after about 2 years of service you could no longer understand any of the messages that were recorded in digital format.This Panasonic model had good ratings , and in general every manufacturer I researched besides panasonic had the same problem that my GE model had , but this problem was never listed for the much higher rated Panasonic models.It will , however , be several years before I can give a final rating to the answering system part of this phone system.My expectation for a system like this is 5-10 years of excellent service . The former GE model fell far short of this expectation . Hopefully the Panasonic will meet my expectation.I can say that I am completely satisfied with it 's initial operation .
 I love this phone . It has so many features to it , more than I realized . I works like a charm , and is very easy to program . The sound is good , both incoming and outgoing . It is just the right size , not big and clunky , but just right . You will not get a better choice for the price . I have always had good luck with Panasonic products , and this is a great one too . I highly recommend this phone unit .
 I bought this phone for my mother , it is very nice , and practical . The answering system is good and practice . The speaker is good but unfortunately it is necesary remove the handset from base for activate it . The phone is small and for some people this can be a problem , but it is good for my porpouse.Yo compre este telefono para mi madre , es bonito y practico . La contestadora telefonica es buena y practica . El altavoz es bueno pero desafortunadamente es necesario remover el telefono de su base para utilizarlo . El telefono es peque & ntilde ; o y para algunas personas esto podria ser un problema , sin embargo , es bueno para el proposito que lo compre .
 My previous Motorola answering machine : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Did n't have an `` off '' volume setting so I had to listen to incoming messages -LRB- even if it was 6 a.m. ! -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Recorded all `` empty '' calls -LRB- e.g. , by an automated dialing system that hangs up as soon as my machine started `` recording '' -RRB- as regular calls that I then had to `` listen '' to and delete . -LRB- I get quite a few of these calls for some reason . -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- Did n't play my most recent -LRB- already listened to -RRB- message when I pressed the left arrow button -LRB- which I think is the simplest way for an answering machine to let you listen to your most recent -LRB- already listened to -RRB- message -RRB- . Because of these problems I ordered the Panasonic KX-TG2631W 2.4 GHz FHSS GigaRange Digital Cordless Answering System because its description made it sound like it at least would n't have problem -LRB- 1 -RRB- , and previous Panasonics that I had bought had n't had any of these problems.Sure enough , my Panasonic does n't have any of these problems -LRB- and has all of the other features that I want -RRB- , so as far as I 'm concerned , it 's a great phone .
 I brought this phone six months back . So far the phone has been working great . Set up was very easy . Speaker phone works great . Panasonic phones battery life is short . I have to wait and see how long the battery works . So far it has been a great phone with no complaints.Definitely recommend this product .
 If there is anything bad about this phone I have yet to find it . Really easy to use , great range , quiet and great speakerphone for use when put on hold by customer service for the Cable or Phone company . Love it . Tiny too .
 I ordered this phone because I needed one with an answering machine for my home-based business because my old one died . The base was about half the size of my old one and in a small apartment that was a necessity.The phone works well , the answering machine is excellent , the features are great -LRB- I 'm still figuring them all out -RRB- . The only negative is the handset is really too small for my big hands -LRB- one reason why I do n't like cell phones -RRB- . This handset is about half the size of my old one and I am still trying to get used to it .
 PANKXTG2631W Cordless Telephone , W / Answering Machine , CID , 2.4 GHz , WhiteConsidering the price , a very good phone system . Some may take issue with the small keys and lack of express dialing for preferred numbers , however , the phone book is a good feature . There are many other features which make this a good value for the money .
 phone sounds good . has lots of options . no crazy about the wall bracket .
 I liked this phone . It has some features that you might not use always but they are great features . Appearance is also nice .
 Although Panasonic KX-TG5652M 5.8 GHz is not the best cordless phone out there , its performance is quite solid , and considering the diferrence in price between this model and some of the higher end cordless phones out there , I feel satisfied in knowing that I got a very good phone for the price I paid .
 Audio ID is a good feature , however it has a hard time pronouncing names . Also you ca n't enter names and numbers for ID purposes-only for speed dial .
 I have had one of these for over 30 years and I would n't buy anything else . It is the best staple remover that has ever been made . Not much else to say ... It 's the best !
 Hard to find . Use them for years when I still worked . Best staple remover ever made by far .
 I was introduced to this staple remover 30 years ago and it 's still the best one around . Others have tried to `` improve '' it with plastic handles and a plastic shield over the slide but it 's much better this way . There 's a some paper tear if you 're removing a staple from 1-3 sheets but overall it 's great . And the claw type tears that top sheet no matter what .
 I started using this style of staple remover in 1992these work much better than the other oneJust make sure you remove the staple with the papers lying flat on the table or desk.do NOT try to remove it with the papers held `` in the air `` AND do NOT try to remove staples with the ends curled up thru paper -LRB- usually happens when you staple fewer than 4 or 5 sheetsthis style will remove staples with less chance of tears in the paper than the `` grabby '' kind.I like to share these with friends so I have purchased a number of them
 Stanley Bostitch Push Style Staple Remover , Chrome -LRB- G2K -RRB- This is the greatest staple remover ever . It removes staples easily and effortlessly . I found an old one in the office and ended up ordering two more ; one for the boss and one by the copy machine . Helps prevent accidentally hurting yourself while pulling staples , and works quickly without destroying documents .
 This product was exactly as they quoted , and what I was looking for . Quick response and fantastic service .
 No other staple remover can even compare to this one . It is very easy to use , does not tear the paper , holds the staples well and can remove even the largest staples with ease . One of our office employees remarked , `` I 'm going to hang this thing around my neck so I have it everywhere I go '' .
 SO GLAD I FOUND THIS ON AMAZON . I HAVE HAD ONE FOR 20 YEARS THAT FINALLY BROKE . IT COMES IN HANDY FOR ALL KINDS OF USES NOT JUST REMOVING STAPLES .
 I used to have one of these at work , this is a great tool . It is strong and does not tear the paper
 this item works so much better than those claw type staple removers . It lasts forever and is super simple to use .
 I have often used this staple remover to remove heavy-duty staples from wood because it 's so strong and effective . The thin tapered point can be forced under the staple , yet this remover does not bend or flex .
 I had one of these for 15 years at my place of work . Only had to replace it because a coworker broke the tip off unjamming a stapler , being way too forceful . It is durable and removes staples in one swift motion . Great when you have a number of packets laid out in a row to unstaple . Zip Zip Zip ... all gone ! I simply had to replace .
 Yes it looks so simple but it is the best staple puller on the market . Other pullers can tear the paper and are a pain to use . Great for scratching lottery tickets too ! HA
 As I 've aged , I 've discovered the need for `` helping tools '' to make daily living a little more comfortable . One such `` helping tool '' is the Stanley Bostich Staple Remover . Yes , it is a convenient staple remover without question , but I chose its design to help me pry open plasticware lids , flashlight covers , electrical boxes , etc. . It works exceptionally well for those times when your fingertips need a little help getting under tight container lids or you need to pry a picture loose that has stuck to the wall . Though surely not intended for my purposes , I love this little pry bar for all the help it gives me during my daily routines . If you 're a senior as I am , you need to buy several of these and tuck one away in each room in the house , your purse , and car glove compartment . This little item will help keep your use of bad language to a minimum .
 I searched for one of these and it is the best ever . Recommend it to everyone who works in administration . Love this item .
 Sturdy and effective , I would venture to say you wo n't find better staple removers available anywhere . This style and shape works way better than the `` jaws '' kind of remover .
 was not so easy . I chose this one because Ithink I will have more control over the amountof damage I will do to the paper , etc. , I am removingthe staple -LRB- s -RRB- from .
 I love this staple remover so much ! It 's the only kind that I will use and often give it as Christmas gifts to coworkers , who also love it . It 's easy to use . Once you try this one , you wo n't like those claw type .
 This is the best staple remover I have ever used . It does n't tear the paper , it 's easy to use , and does n't require a lot of force . I highly recommend ! may not work so well for the giant staples , but for everyday office use , this is the best !
 I hate bad staplers and I really hate bad staple removers . I had a staple remover once that was awesome , but it finally wore out because most of it was made of plastic with just the metal tip to remove the staples.So I bought some other staple removers and they were terrible . Either the metal tip was too thick , or it was n't shaped properly and would rip the paper when removing staples.I saw this one and tried it and I love it ! It got a workout the other day when I had to go through a file so I could scan it . There so many staples to be removed ! The thing worked like a charm !! Now I have some at the office and have one for home ! Staples beware !! The only think I would change about this device would be to have a rubber or plastic thicker handle on it . But other than that , this staple remover is perfection , and it looks as if it will last forever !
 This is the best tool to use to remove staples from a bulletin board . It will not damage the posters , letters or borders if used correctly . It removes the staples with a flick of the wrist ! I have tried other staple removers and I always go back to this particular one . Buy one for yourself and give one to a teacher !
 The product is wonderful , but the cost you charged for the mailing is terrible . For 20 staple removers , which weight less than a quater of a pound , you charged $ 59.90 to ship . Talk about a rip off . I paid 65.90 for the staple removers and with the shipping cost it doubled the price of the product . I will not be using Amazon to order ANY PRODUCT in the future.Thank You , B. Hill
 I use these things for boardgames to wrap up decks of cards and `` rubber band '' box lids for easy transportation and they work great . Normal rubber bands will deteriorate after a few years and ruin the cards , but this things are made of plastic and so will stay good for much longer . One caveat
 Regular rubber bands will degrade over time and if you have anything you need to keep stored in them , they will eventually rot . I absolutely LOVE the Plastibands - I use them to store glass rods that I use in my glasswork . Regular rubber bands rot and stick to the glass causing a huge mess . This is a fantastic product .
 Phone is nice and light ... speaker phone is great feature , especially when waiting endlessly for the prompts at many places where you need to speak to someone and need to be hands free ... reception on speaker can sometimes be a little spotty but certainly good enough ... all in all a good purchase as of 1st month of ownership .
 I just ordered this phone about a month ago . It works fine so far . It 's full of features and it has a long battery life . The sound and reception are very clear , and it 's very user friendly . So far , so good .
 I 've turned on the VE option manaully , and it sounds a tad diff , but it 's really unecessary , unless you 're really far away from the base , or the base is near a computer where it could get alot of emi/rfi interference . My only peeve with this phone , is that on Panasonic 's website they list this model as having the voice scrambling/digital security option , and it doesnt . But it is still by the the best phone I 've ever owned . The speakerphone on the back is also great -LRB- and small , it doesnt protrude , it 's flush with the back -RRB- , you dont have to yell into it or hold it up to you for it to pickup your voice . I actually bought my phone from amazon a while back when they had them for thirty-five . ninetyfive , which has since gone up a bit . I honestly wish I had bought two or three of them back then , but I think I 'll holdout till the splash/shock resistant models with the voice scramble option drop in price.update
 This is a very good cordless phone -LRB- for an additional phone in your household -RRB- . It does n't have the answering machine portion so it 's not for a main household phone . Everything else though is fine . The 5.8 GHz will alleviate any interference problems with your other electronic -LRB- transmitting -RRB- devices !
 The phone works great and it was very easy to program , lots of very good features and the style is very nice .
 My favorite thing about this phone is that the caller ID captures 11 digit numbers -LRB- 1-xxx-xxx-xxxx -RRB- which are then very easy to store into the phone book and call . My old phone only captured 10 digits -LRB- xxx-xxx-xxxx -RRB- which meant I had to reenter everything manually because of course you have to dial a 1 first . This new phone also allows me to toggle between 11 digits and 7 digits on the same number . I put together my phone book just by capturing calls as they came in . Very handy . As far as being a phone , it does everything well and after a couple of months I am still as happy as could be with it .
 I replaced a much older 900 MHz Panasonic telephone that had given me good service but had simply worn out . I especially like the features of this new unit
 Pros
 This is one of the best portable phones I 've had . The battery live is high and this is what I was looking for.The next was the features this phone is loaded with them and it 's easy to use and understand.The ring control is great , as I can have a different ring for different people.I only wish my other Portables were broke so I could get more of these .
 We used this phone in our bedroom and it was just fine . It would be a great phone for a teen or pre-teen . We never had any problems with it .
 The feedback that I got was that the phone was really clear and the battery life was adequate . They 've actually had the phone about a year now and no problems . I believe this is a great choice .
 this is my fist time purchasing a factory refurbished product . i have to say that i am very pleased . the phone arrived not in the original box , but instead , in a generic manufacturers box and was poorly packed . i was glad to see that everything was there , including the owners manual . i was disappointed to learn of the 90 day warranty and not the original 1 year warranty that is typical with a new product . maybe that 's why the refurbished product was half the originals price . i was a bit concerned , when i placed my order , due to the reviews i read on this phone . i 'm not sure what the other reviews are talking about . the volume and voice quality on this phone are very good . this is my fourth Panasonic phone in 10 years -LRB- 2 for my own personal use and 2 as gifts -RRB- . Panasonic makes a fine product and i have never been disappointed . this factory refurbished phone performed just as well as a new one , but at half the price .
 I searched all over and read many reviews , and kept comming back to this unit . I am glad that I decided on this one . It works great , has plenty of range , which I was looking for and has enough volume for me . I have tinnitis and have a hard time hearing what a person is saying , especially on a phone and if they talk fast . Thankfully , with this phone , I have had no problems understanding anyone . This phone looks great on the internet , but looks even greater in person . Its a winner .
 For the price you get the latest in digital spread spectrum , various caller-idisms -LRB- probably all pretty common -RRB- and a stutter-tone detecting voicemail light . This pretty much makes it the ubiquitous office phone when a cordless is required.I still wish the push were n't to the higher frequencies , so that we could get more range , but given that it is 5.8 Ghz , the range is fairly decent as all of their Gigarange phones seem to be.The volume on this phone does n't go very high even at max . I 'm imagining that is a battery-saving venture . I still wish I could crank it a bit more and sacrifice the battery life , considering it spends most of it 's time in the cradle.Given that I use a headset most of the time , the volume is n't really an ongoing issue .
 In the product desciption it states that the antenna lights up in three colors
 This phone met all of my requirements and I 'm very pleased with the purchase . I wanted a cordless speaker phone without an answering machine , and the Panasonic fit the bill . The user interface is very simple to use , you do have to go through several steps to add a new entry to phonebook but other than that it 's great . I use the speaker phone 75 % of the time and the sound quality is very good without even using the voice enhancer technology . Phone keeps a charge very well and has great range and reception . I 'm very pleased with the purchase .
 I have used a lot of cordless phones over many years and this is one of the best ever . The sound quality is excellent . The interface is completely intuitive . It is a great size . The speakerphone built into the handset works really well . I just saw this same phone for $ 20 more at another site so this is also a great price .
 Thought I would never get it , but it finally arrived . thanks for the updates on the delays in shipping . took a while to get the `` buzz '' sound out of the earpiece , but figured out I had to dedicate the line to the wall outlet . Seems to be doing better now .
 We purchased two of these phones two months ago for our home and love them ! It had been very difficult for me to locate a phone with a `` voice mail message waiting indicator '' to work with our service provider 's voice mail system . The majority of the cordless phones I researched all had answering machines in them , which we did not want . The antenna lights up when you have messages waiting which we love ! It was very easy to set up and program all our contact numbers in , and the caller id font size is quite large and very easy to see . The speaker phone option is another feature our family loves also . If we are having a difficult time hearing someone , we just put it on speaker and it solves the problem . So far , I 'm very pleased with this product . I will try to come back six months from now and let you know if we are having any of the problems some of the other reviewers stated .
 Well , after purchasing a GE 5.8 GHz and having nothing problems - basically useless due to static and non functioning when roamingaround the house , this phone worked perfectly . As for the voiceon the other end - no problems so far . I suggest that in orderto control the volume of the voice on the other end you trythe up and down arrows on the keypad as the manual suggests.The clarity booster seems irrelevant for this.As for the menu , seems like it has a lot of unnecessary things.Keeping my fingers crossed ...
 This is a larger handset than what I had before , cheaper than what I had before however ... Otherwise it answers well , answering machine is good - over all a good product for the price
 We received the phone system very quickly and it works perfectly as a replacement for the same system we had for over 2 years that was beginning to wear out from use . Since we had already been using this system there was no learning time for all the features - we just replaced the spent one and ran its replacement just as before -LRB- my mother is in her 80s , so not having to relearn another system made her very happy -RRB- , and the price now was much less to do so .
 Super sturdy . The design is a little weird with the latch , though , and takes some getting used to . It is a much better choice than the designs that rely on ball-bearings but I will still be on the look-out for the perfect detachable key ring .
 This key ring is super handy and well-built . The ring is coated in some type of protective layer which also smooths the surface , so unlike cheap metallic key rings , you can not get cut or scraped . The brass attachment can be used to attach your primary key OR pepper pray OR practically anything with a small hole . Yes , $ 20 is a bit of money to spend for a key ring but I 'm sure with how well its built and the ruggedness that it will last for years to come .
 These are rugged , reliable , but easily detached key ring holders . They are high priced but work well . I use these for keeping various car keys on my main ring during woods work .
 This detatchable brass ring is a great add-on for your ASP Defender . Especially nice if you need to remove the Defender from your keys -LRB- ie . when flying on a commercial flight -RRB- . This is a nice plus if you work around sterile or hot zones in which OC is not permitted . Nice product , well made .
 The Stanley-Bostitch Heavy Duty Stapler PHD-60 is easy on the hands , can staples lots of paper and do it smoothly . I am very happy with it - use mine all the time .
 I bought this stapler after the one I had became harder to use and the staples were becoming mangled . I had to ` double staple ' because the first staple bent out of shape.This stapler works great . Whether I 'm stapling 2 sheets or 30 sheets . Probably staples more than that but for my needs it works perfectly .
 Just got it . Stapled a half dozen 50 page documents without a problem . It was the cheapest one I could find .
 I bought this stapler because my old Swingline finally jammed so bad I could n't revive it . I wanted a stapler that I could n't kill for my home office . Since I 'm often stapling several sheets together this seemed like a good choice . So far I 'm very happy with it.It 's a good size and has a very sturdy feel to it . I got theseStanley Bostitch Premium Quality Heavy Duty Staples for PHD-60 Stapler , 5,000 Count Box -LRB- SB35PHD-5M -RRB- to go along with it and have tried stapling about 15 pages without any problem . I 've posted some photos on this site so you can see the size . It 's definitely bigger than my old one but I like the idea of being able to staple more than just a couple pages . It loads from the back which I 've been able to do without incident . I posted some photos of it open so you can see how it loads . I think this stapler will be with me for a long , long time .
 I read the reviews about the troubles some people have had and I do n't get it . This is the third stapler of this exact same kind I have purchased for my two offices and we 've never had a problem , except that in extreme weather conditions , the handle snapped off -LRB- guess it got too cold , but then it was below freezing ! -RRB- I 've even used non Bostitch staples and multiple users and have had no problem . Ca n't beat the price !
 Only one strike needed . You need three Swings for other products . It 's a homer for sure .
 I am satisfied with my purchase of the Stanley Bostitch Personal Heavy Duty Desktop Stapler ; however , I was diappointed that it did not come with and staples .
 I have to staple a lot of canvas and this stapler is the best I have used . It is very strong and can go through several layers of canvas . I bought this stapler after the one I had previously used was a generic one and the staples were becoming mangled too frequently . I had to sometimes try 3 times with the old one because the first staple bent out of shape .
 Works like a charm , easy staples trough.Using it for technical documentation I print out often to read on the porch.Heavy duty staples from bostitch I bought with it works pretty well and holds the pack very good.Highly recommend
 This stapler is attractive and works very well . I have some concern about its long-term operation . The mechanism for inserting staples seems somewhat flimsy , but so far I have not had any problems . It staples 60 sheets with only moderate pressure , and apart from the staple insert release seems very sturdy .
 lightweight , average to easy to squish the handle ; staples thickness adjust to # of pages , great price for what it does compared to other choices
 This stapler is basically the Ferrari of staplers , with other staplers paling in comparison . The first time I set this stapler on my desk , I could just see my coworkers ' looks of jealousy . Oftentimes , people will pop on over to my desk to use this stapler , because it just staples so well . One time , someone stole my stapler . I used detecting skills to realize that it was only my boss who borrowed it , because he thought it was so great . Upon realizing that I was the owner of this stapler , he quickly made me a partner of the firm . This stapler made my career.Its smooth design and cheerful gray color practically make this stapler a work of art . The handle 's contours gently cradle my soft hands , so that I do not get hurt when stapling papers . I think that 's a really nice touch . Although the technical details state that this stapler only has a sixty sheet stapling capacity , that number is very conservative . I have personally stapled over nine thousand sheets of paper together . My manifesto really improved after being stapled . Before , I kept knocking it all over the floor . And you know , it 's hard to remember to put the page numbers on when using Microsoft Word . I 'd like to personally shake Stanley Bostitch 's hand . That guy really knows how to make a stapler .
 I have used one of these for over 30 years . And I recently purchased a new one . I have used many staplers and this is the best . It does n't jam and it staples larger many pages without complaining . Sadly these are not available in the UK . The only problem is -- where do you get the staples from ? They are non-standard and my supply is now running out .
 I have an old pair of these . I hated using them because they hurt my hand and were hard to use . I really just needed the staples but decided to try a new stapler . So glad I did !! I use them to staple ribbons and would put off doing the job because of how hard I knew it was going to be but now I do n't mind at all . The new stapler is wonderful . Very easy to use . I used 160 staples the first day and no hand pain !!
 This is a great stapler . Very reliable , goes thru many layers . My old one lost the front metal cap that holds staples area .
 I have an older p3 . This p3 is much smoother mechanism . I am very pleased with this product . BTW I still use my other p3 in our office , just passed on to another person .
 I manage a busy restauarant , and I wanted a stapler that would not constantly jam . I had a Bostistch stapler in the office that worked great so I thought I 'd give them a try with a plier type stapler . I am very satisfied . So far it has never jammed through thousands of staples . One thing to note , however . The staples it uses are very hard to find . Better to order the staples online when you buy the stapler , as you 're not likely to find them at a retailer .
 I was hesitant to buy a refurbished product as I have never done so before . Worse was it would be over the internet.I received the product one day earlier then they said ! It was very well packaged and neatly organized . The phone did NOT have the original box that they come in but instead neatly shrink wrapped together.There were NO scuffs or marks on the product . I did a very detailed check and I could not find one flaw.The phone works at a great distance and is very clear when using . My 2 year old son uses the phone , for various reasons ... , and it has stood up to his abuse ! -LRB- so far -RRB- Has a great battery life as I have left the phone off the charging bases for days and have only seen the batter meter go down one bar.This was an awesome buy and a great product ! I have always and only owed Panasonic cordless phones.My one complaint about the phone is
 We are very pleased with this phone . It seems to hold a charge well and gets a clear signal even outside on our patio . It looks and works as well as a new phone for less money .
 I wrote an earlier review extolling the product and the -LRB- considering my dealings with others -RRB- astounding response for shipping . Excellent product.I got the first for use as a sculptor 's stand . Obvious , when you think about a medium sized work . Well , I got the stool and am so pleased I ordered another so I can work on two simultaneously . I * had * a table-top stand , but I 'll replace it with this at twice the price because it 's far more than twice the quality and convenience of use.Thanks again guys .
 I use this at a stand-up desk , so I 'm only sitting in it for a few minutes at a time . Just as well , since the seat is somewhat uncomfortable , rather hard and clearly not intended to be sat in for long periods . That 's OK , though , since that 's not the point ... Overall a serviceable , well-made stool for the money . Very stable , with a wide range of height . The foot rail is easily adjusted and strong - I can stand on it with only a little noticeable deflection.Pros
 I am very pleased with the product and those responsible for sending it to me . They should be considered life savers since it helped me finish my thesis .
 I ordered this phone along with some additional handsets and I have to say im very pleased with it . It was easy to set up , had a lot of features and is easy to keep multiple handsets address book synched up which was the reason I got rid of the AT&T phone system I had . I would recommend this phone .
 I bought these phones after reading reviews on different phones . These were rated highly . I have to say I have been delighted with them . Only one thing was wrong - the direction booklet would drive any sane person to the nut house . Finally , I chucked that booklet and just figured things out by trial and error . For heavens sake , Panasonic , write a direction booklet somebody can understand ! : - -LRB-
 The Panasonic KXTGA550M is an extra handset to the base unit KX-TG5561 . It includes a phonebook that can store 50 numbers.If you have caller ID , you can set this phone up to behave like email anti-SPAM where all emails not in your address book go to the junk mail folder . In this case , all phone calls that are not in your phonebook are silent and will go to your message system if you have one.You can do this because the phone can select the ring based on caller ID and because you can record custom rings with a special cable included with the KX-TG5561 . The first step to setting up selective ring is to record a ring consisting of silence . Assign this as the default ring . Turn off the base unit ring and talking caller ID . By default , there will now be no sound.Next add the numbers you want to ring to your phone book and assign them a non-silent ring . You can also add phone numbers that use the default or silent ring so that they do not ring.Now only the numbers you specify will ring . When expecting an important call from an unknown number , just temporarily change the default ring to a non-silent ring .
 I have base unit before which I bought 3 years ago , I love this Panasonic phone models , these phones comes with great features .
 This phone was purchased to replace another in my house . It works perfectly and has great sound quality . I love that I can download different wav.files and have a different ringtone for each of the important people in my life . The phone also allows me to download wallpaper photos . There is nothing I would change and plan to keep all 6 of these great phones for a long time .
 Functionally there is no indication this is a factory refurbished item.I 've had the Panasonic KXTGA571S , 5.8 GHz for three years with three handsets and it 's worked great . The OEM batteries of two of the three handsets wore out . Replacement batteries on Amazon were about 6 bucks a piece.I needed an extra handset too and $ 20 is a killer deal vs the full retail price of $ 79.99 for a new item . The only thing that remains to find out is when will the battery start wearing out . That is why I gave only 4 stars on the battery .
 The refurbished handset looks and works like new . I had a concern about the battery and received very fast and courteous response . Highly recommend and will use again if a need arises .
 Bought a refurbished phone to add to the the system I already have . The phone works well with good range . It also works well as a handset for Skype with additional device connect to the computer via USB port . It can also be used as a video monitor , such as a baby monitor , with additional camera purchased separately , but the video quality is so poor , thus I returned the camera .
 These Panasonic phones are a delight to use . They are a snap to pair with the base unit . They are very clear -LRB- are like a corded phone in sound quality -RRB- . The speakerphone is loud and clear and I tend to use it like a walkie talkie instead of a phone because of the excellent speakerphone . There are a ton of features , many I will never use . The base phone unit even lets you add special things like a baby monitor -LRB- which we also have -RRB- . If your baby 's room is somewhat remote , this sound activated product is something to look at also .
 i will be ordering this product very often -LRB- well when i run out -RRB- . . is my favorite type of binding ... very secure and organized .
 These pencils are great for fine detailing . When coloring large sections , it tends to get a bit tedious . The regular prismacolor pencils are great for large areas , though they have a very thick lead so they color like crayons . But I love these pencils for coloring small or thin spots . I recommend an electric pencil sharpener for these ; I used two different regular ones at first and the point kept breaking to the point where I barely had enough pencil to use the electric sharpener .
 The product arrived very quickly and is of high quality . The arrangement of colors within the set provide a vibrant range of colors for the beginning artist to explore this versatile artistic medium , which was once used primarily by illustrators but has increasingly become prominent in works of fine art . Will order again when current set has been completely worn down .
 These are great . They 're sturdy pencils and they blend well . My only complaint , and it 's a mild one at that , is that they did n't come sharpened . It was , however , pretty dumb of me to assume that they 'd do all the work for me , though . ; -RSB-
 I had used a couple Verithin pencils previously so decided to get a set . I like the detail I get with them . Also , when using paper with a little more `` tooth '' , Verithin pencils do a nice job of covering the paper whereas a softer pencil does n't fill in quite as well . They work very well in combination with the softer Prismacolor pencils . My only criticism of this product is that I would like to see a wider range of colors , especially in the brown and fleshtone shades , because I do portrait work of people and animals . I think anyone who works in colored pencil art would appreciate what these pencils have to offer .
 I needed a color pencil to give me depth and vivid color when sketching still life images . A lot of artists use these pencils so I decided to find out why . It did not take me long to discover their versatility and precision . Blending and shadowing were not difficult to achieve and I was impressed by the amount of techniques I can successfully achieve with the help of Prisma color .
 I needed to create some color sketches and decided that colored pencils were a more desirable medium than Photoshop or ink . I knew from past experience that I knew that Crayola pencils would not provide the dynamic pencil range or feel that I desired . I also knew that Prismacolor Premier were far out of my budget . Prismacolor Verithin fit nicely between the two options
 I mainly use these pencils for detail work or light sketches for small works . Soft lead is the only reason I prefer Prismacolor , less pressure results in a lighter shade and more pressure is darker -- ca n't easily do that with Crayola or other mid-strength lead . Prismacolor is also great for experimenting with the blending pencil.A tip of advice for those who have sharping issues or broken leads . Electric/battery powered is better for these pencils and do n't over sharpen . Try microwaving for 25-35 seconds or bake the pencils on 250 degrees for ~ 3-5 minutes and it 'll remelt the pencil wax lead back together . Also do n't drop your pencils or the box , you 'll cause cracks in the lead .
 The results I have had with using the prismacolor verithin pencils has been wonderful . Two problems however I must say are that the `` convenient easel design '' is a struggle and not really convenient at all . The other issue is I have experienced breaking while sharpening and using on about 4 or 5 out of the 24 . Holding the pencil with your right hand and turning the sharpener with your left hand does result in lower torque and a sharp point but does n't seem to do a whole lot to prevent breakage .
 I have had these colored pencils for a few months now and 100 % happy with my purchase great colors and they last ... Would recommend to anyone .
 I would order from here anytime . It was handled in a very professional mannor . I was kept informed when they recieved my order , when it was shipped , and when to expect it , and everything was precise . The mdse . arrives in perfect condition and I could n't be more pleased
 I love these colored pencils . I think they are a great set for beginners and pro alike .
 My 13 yr old niece has recently gotten into sketching horses . She loves these pencils to do so .
 Received these in great condition and very fast with no complications ... thanks so much . My daughter loved these for her art class .
 The product is good in general . However there was a missing color in the package that I received .
 This was part of a Christmas gift for a talented young artist . He raves about it and uses these pencils all the time . I purchased it thru Amazon with ease and prompt shipping . Barbara
 I make art regularly for school and personal pieces . Usually prefer pencils as my favorite media , bought this for 10 $ on sale and was very content with the outcome of some of my art pieces . Does an amazing job on detail.Probably would n't recommend using it for regular coloring or large amounts of filling in . They are ` verithin ' which means they 're more firm and meant to be sharpened thin for detail work . If coloring full pages etc , definitely should buy the regular Prismacolor pencils .
 These colored pencils are easy to blend to get the color or shade you desire an are very high quality .
 Have never used a set of pencils better than these . Very smooth to draw with , and made a great Christmas present .
 These pencils I highly recoommend I think that u can not find better pencils then these at = they are wondserful I use them a lot with my art work ...
 great starter set for budding student artist . son wanted art pencils and this was a set that was sized right for my budget to get him a set of nice art pencils . When combined with the soft lead pencils he was as happy as could be .
 It was great . The colors blended well . The only problem with it was the sharpening . When I used my electric sharpener , the lead broke every time . I later bought a hand sharpener at Target for only 70 cents . It worked very well . The trick to turn both the pencil AND the sharpener -LRB- in opposite directions . I definitely recommend it ! :-RRB- -RRB-
 got this for my daughter who is an anime artist . she asked for prisma because of the great pigment in these pencils .
 I have no complaints , but they 're not hard enough to sharpen easily without an electric sharpener or a really good manual sharpener or knife .
 Absolutely loved the price of this product ! Shopped around and got the same great quality for a much more affordable price !
 The price for these Prismacolor Verithin pencils was just right . I 'd been keeping an eye on them for awhile , and this set showed up for less than $ 15 , which was a better price per pencil than the 36 set that is also available . I got them from TCP Global Corp , which is my favorite seller for pens , markers , art supplies , etc. when Amazon does n't have an item or has a much higher price . TCP Global Corp also frequently has free shipping on small items . I have never had a problem with anything purchased from them in 3 years ! I love the Prismacolor soft core pencils so much I bought the big , really big , set for my birthday . :-RRB- They can hold a sharp point temporarily , if you 're careful , but it 's wasteful when the pencils run more than $ 1-2 each retail . Verithin pencils are the answer to all those tiny corners , edges or sharp crisp details you want and need , but ca n't get with the otherwise close-to-perfect soft core pencils ! They are HARD , as advertised . Be careful with your paper , as these will hold a point sharp enough to tear it . I recommend having a hard surface beneath your paper , etc. when coloring with these , a soft layer underneath will cause ` drag ' and allow more punctures or tiny rips in your paper . I have already used these with the teeny tiny border around the pics in the &#34; ChristmasScapes &#34; Coloring Book from Dover . Excellent ! You may wish , once you try these , for more matching colors than are available , but many of these are chosen to cover a specific color ` group ' , such as orange-reds , crimson reds , blue-violets , bright greens , etc. . There is also a white , very light grey -LRB- ca n't remember % at the moment -RRB- and a black pencil . THESE ARE NOT PRESHARPENED . If you prefer not to have this chore to do when your pencils arrive , you 'll have to pay about $ 5 more for pre-sharpened Verithins in a tin . This package turns into a nice , simple ` easel ' for ease of choosing pencils . Open package carefully the first time as the easel feature will be ruined if you rip the bottom tab or mangle the perforation at the 3/4 distance from the bottom . Sometimes it 's easiest to slide pencils in their holder out of the bottom of the package entirely , then open along perforation , make sure easel feature is sturdy enough to hold upright ... then carefully slide pencils back inside . Some find this a silly or inconvenient annoyance , but having my pencils displayed point up without having to unpack or repackage them each time I use them is a plus . The barrel of the Verithin is hexagonal , no roll , and has the &#34; made in &#34; mark -LRB- Mexico -RRB- , color # & color name in English and French . There are several color numbers featuring a 1/2 after the digits . I 'm not sure why , except the color is in between two shades it matches , perhaps . All in all , an excellent buy , great bargain , and reliably good service and product from this seller !
 Did n't come sharpened . I do n't know why I expected that . It is the same quality I 'd expect from other Prismacolor pencils I 've bought . The `` thinness '' did n't seem to be as useful as I thought it would be so I have n't gotten a whole lot of comparison though .
 Our family loves to draw and do other art forms . Two of kids ordered these and they are great . They arrived in perfect condition and , as usual , Prismacolor is vibrant and beautiful . Thank you !
 These pencils are hard and narrow , perfect for edges and intricate details . Need I say more ?
 I really like these pencils . They are comfortable to use . The color is a little lighter then I like but they work for my needs . I strictly color for fun .
 When I cut my photos and saw ragged edges , I knew it was time to replace the rotary blade . I 've forgotten how nice a sharp rotary blade can be . The cuts are clean and effortless.This particular size fits my 12 inch Fiskars rotary trimmer .
 This does exactly what I needed it to do . Perforates greeting card weight card stock with ease ! Easy to tear .
 Brand new in the pkg . Great price and BTW , it is a circle hole in the middle even though the picture looks like a triangle Love them !
 Works well for what it 's intended . One word of caution
 Was accurately described , , , fairly priced , good quality and did what it is supposed too ... do n't know what else to say ... . I used this or home so am not sure how it would work in a 8hour a day venue ...
 The cutters and rubber cutting areas are getting really hard to find for this older but OK paper cutter . Better think about buying for the future .
 I had to measure my cutter to see if this blade would fit . It was the same size and was very easy to put in . Now my wife has a nice sharp blade for her sewing and scrapbooking .
 These rotary cutters are very sharp and save the day for sewing and crafts . Use them for all kinds of things . And they were shipped promptly .
 I purchased several of these for the treatment rooms in our chiropractic clinic and they work perfectly.From a stability and weight-bearing standpoint , I should note that we 're using wall-mounted HP TouchSmart 600 's . So , there is little to no weight on this workstation in our office . We use it for holding files/xrays , the keyboard/mouse , a few supplies on the lower shelf.Aesthetically , it gives a very nice impression . We 've gotten lots of compliments from patients about how sleek and professional they look.I also bought 2 of the Safco 1929 's , but I like the Euroflex better . The SAF1929 has a higher writing surface , but the Euroflex takes up less room space , looks MUCH better , costs less , and assembles easier .
 This is our second purchase for this workstation and we love it . It is very strong and looks great . It is very comfortable to use . 100 % Recommended !
 This was a perfect online transaction ! I received exactly what I ordered , and just as important , when promised . Would trust this vendor for future orders .
 These used to be common in offices for decades but lately they 've been impossible to find . Thanks to the internet , here they are . Unlike the fashion tote bins made of plastic , fabric and cardboard which you find at Target , Walmart and other chain stores , these are designed for daily use to carry large quantities of sorted mail , letters or small parts . The rugged steel construction means they will last for many years .
 I have experience with a number of presenters , including ones from Logitech and SMK-Link . Though they may be smaller and cheaper , this presenter remote provides superior functions that make it worth the money.First
 The RemotePoint Global Presenter makes driving a slide show easy . When the device is in my hand , it performs without my having to think about it , allowing me to focus on my audience and what they need to hear and see next . Anyone who 's used a joystick mouse on a laptop knows what a dream it is to use once you 're used to it . The laser pointer and slide controls are goof proof . My biggest issues with it came when I was n't using it . Once I slipped it into a pocket during a presentation , and quickly learned not to do that ; a little jiggle or bump and the slides would move ! I set it down now . And since there 's not an on/off switch , I 've taken to removing a battery when I 'm done so as not to deplete the battery from jiggling around in my travel bag . That said , the unit comes in a cleverly-designed padded case that includes an interior pocket to hold the USB antenna -LRB- and that battery ! -RRB- . I 'm glad I own it .
 This is a great tool for presentation and includes averything a person needs for a power point . The main problem with it is that it is not easy to use if you have a movie in the powerpoint making it run with this was not possible for me . Also the mouse in it is very slow and not sensetive enough .
 I work in a job where we use these `` clickers '' in various conference rooms , etc. . This one has the ability to reach long distances -LRB- ie , if your computer is far away from where you are speaking -RRB- and handles the slides with ease . There is a pro and a con to this one though . The con is the size of it . It is n't very compact or light weight . The pro to that is if there is a presenter in one of our conference rooms , they are n't as likely to leave with this clicker due to it 's size . We 've had several of the small clickers disappear never to be seen again . And as many of you may know , you ca n't purchase the clicker with out the usb jump drive to run it - it 's like losing 1 shoe , you ca n't buy just 1 shoe , you have to buy the pair .
 This pointer is great ! and it looks great and professional to ! The mouse button in the middle of the pointer could react a little quicker when using this feature on the presentation but everything else makes up for it . I also like that you can have to mouse arrow in a certain place on the screen but then can use the red light pointer to explain your screen but then go and advance using the mouse arrow that was left in its orgianl place .
 Outstanding product . Works well . Great components . High quality material . Have not used it in an actual presentation yet but I used this model before which is why I purchased it .
 We have used this remote with our projectors and find it convenient and easy to operate . Very pleased with product .
 I purchased theSMK-Link VP4350 RemotePoint Global Presenterfor use in a large room . Our stage and pulpit are about 100 feet from the image mag computer . we have not yet installed a presentation workstation on the stage and needed a way to allow a presenter to control their own presentation . After considerable research and trying several products I purchased this product . It is outstanding . It has great functionality and the laser pointer is very bright even at 100 feet -LRB- I have tried it from the video booth -RRB- . It uses radio frequency as opposed to Blue Tooth or infrared I suspect this is why it has such an outstanding range.If you need a presentation controller that will work in rooms from small to LARGE , then you have found the device you need .
 Remote is easy to use . The laser pointer is powerful , unlike other remotes I have used . I would purchase it again in a minute , no regrets . You are able to use this remote as a remote clicker which is a bonus , though it is slow . There is a neat function to shut screen off during your presentation , though I have accidentally done it , so be careful ; just touch it again and it comes right back on , no big deal .
 This presenter is preferred in my company because it is absolutely dead simple . Forward , back , blank , etc. . It also requires no software install so it can be easily moved and plugged in to any computer without IT assistance . We do not use the laser functionality at all , so there are no complaints mirroring those here .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00062WUXW/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThis presenter is the second that I have owned . Gave one away to a missionary , and bought another to replace it . It is truly the best I have ever seen . A 30 ' range just did not cut it . This has not failed in large settings .
 Easy to use and just plug it in and ready to go . No setup necessary . It 's great !
 This remote point Global Presenter is fantastic . It frees you from being tied to the projector or your computer . Anywhere in the room you can access and make your presentation with no problems . The distance that it will access your presentation is outstanding . Very satisfied .
 I make tons of powerpoint presentations a year . This is a tremendous device that gives you the freedom to move and yet control things .
 I seen this laminator while I was in Kuwait on a military deployment and descided I had to have it for nursing school when I returned home . I have been comparing laminators for some time now . This one is hands doen the best . I love mine.I have knocked out several big projects using it thus far . One project had about 45 pages laminated and the other about 100 pages . It works great . There is nothing negative I can think to say about it and I am very critical of quality . When it heats up it does put off a burning smell similiar to what a hot soldiering iron might put out but it is not an offensive smell and I prefer it because it reminds me that it is on if I get busy with something else . The machine is nearly soundless even when it is laminating.I wish I had bought one of these years ago . I laminate a lot of self made study guides for nursing school and this would have easily paid for itself by now had I bought it a few years ago.I have not seen any other laminators that even come close to this one . If your shopping for the home or the office this it the one you want to put on the top of your consideration list .
 I never review items on amazon , but this one made me so happy and the customer service from the seller was so excellent that I just had to post a review . I ordered a round stamp with my address and the image of an anchor on it . After I ordered the stamp on amazon , I was quickly contacted by the seller 's customer service , asking me how I wanted the stamp . I told them how I was hoping they could add an image of an anchor over my address , even though the amazon page does not indicate anywhere that images can be added to the customizable embosser plate . I got a very quick answer that yes , they could do that ! That was exciting enough , but the embosser then shipped quickly , arriving a mere few days later . My embosser is everything I was hoping for ! It works excellent on thin paper , but it simply looks outstanding on the very expensive paper of my wedding envelopes and invitations . I would highly recommend this company , and this embosser in particular , to anyone looking for a good quality embosser for a very reasonable price .
 I wanted two different embosser plates , one with my maiden name for my wedding invitations and one with my new married name for the thank you cards . I included this request in the comments box when ordering my embosser and the staff were very helpful . They organised the creation of two plates for me and it all shipped out promptly once we had paid for the second plate . Very pleased with the service received . Have n't tried out the embosser yet but am excited to do so !
 I was very pleased when I first bought these boxes many months back and I continue to appreciate them . They are sturdy and light and look good on my closet shelf . I only wish it were possible to buy a set of eight in multiple colors .
 These envelopes have two things going for them . First is the flap , which does not require you to lick it . You just pull the tab and fold over . Very nice . Glue is so 1970 's . Second , the envelopes are very secure . You ca n't just hold them up to a light and expect to see through . You pretty much have to rip these things open to see what 's inside.I 've used them for a long time . Strongly recommended !
 I ` ve been living with envelopes I bought in Sams ` s Club for years now and I always had to put an extra piece of tape after I sealed them because the glue wouldnt hold . These ones , however hold out great ! They are the best quality envelopes I ` ve seen in a long time . Price could have been better though .
 We bought these for our office because our printers were sealing regular envelopes when we addressed them . These go through the printer perfectly and seal well !
 Perfect !! These envelopes are great security envelopes and a good price compared to going to office supply . Will buy again .
 The envelopes are great ! I use them for work so I appreciate the confidential feature and the redi strip allows for quick closing when I 'm sending a lot of mail at a time .
 these envelopes are very nice and i send each one out w / confidents of security and the redi-strip is a super great idea .
 I print my own work envelopes and these are perfect -LRB- not that work envelopes are that difficult to find -RRB- But I especially love these envelopes bc I do n't have to lick the glue . Great job , yet again , Amazon !
 Nice quality envelopes . Nothing fancy , just work , like they should . The adhesive strip seems to stick well .
 Set of pens work fine on a dry erase board . Nice dense color , fine point does n't crush , erases cleanly . Would recommend .
 Nice quality and formatted well for easy record keeping . I recommend this item highly and will use for a long time to come .
 this is the first book I 've tried and it works fine for me . I would recommend this to a friend .
 I 'm used the Dome 600 for 23 years and it 's a great precise way to keep your business organized . Its a great book for small business
 I usedd Dome Bookkeeping records in my small business for years , but in 2003 went to software based accounting . I returned to paper for a few reasons :1 -RRB- No worries about data loss , viruses , restrictive software licenses , and software that forces you to pay more $ every so often for a new upgrade because the old one is no longer &#34; supported . &#34; 2 -RRB- I just seem to &#34; connect &#34; with what I 'm doing when I write it down and see it in writing . Taking the time to record , on paper , my business income and expenses day to day just seems to make me feel more involved with what my business is doing , giving me a clearer picture.All that said , the Dome records are wonderful . Very easy to use and they can start at any time , so switching methods in the middle of the year is no problem . If there were an award show for bookkeeping products , these books would definitely take first place . There is a monthly one available too , but I like seeing where things are week to week . For my money , this ca n't be beat . It costs a fraction of what accounting software costs , does n't require a software patch or OS upgrade in 6 months , and it will still be safe after whatever cloud service is compromised or goes bankrupt .
 this was great to find since the stores dont have them anymore i i i i i i i i
 The book feel very flimzy and weak , however I like how they separate billing and payroll in a neat order . I love that.I do property management and there are a lot of cash transaction , this would be perfect for that by the end of the week or month .
 I 've been self-employed since 1992 . When I first went into business , my accountant recommended the Dome Bookkeeping Record , and I 've use it ever since . It 's easy to set up and comes with most of the categories I need already labeled . Each page shows the current week 's expenses and income , the previous week 's year-to-date total for expenses and income , and the total of the two figures for each category . The final page shows all my expenses and income for the year and makes doing my taxes a breeze . Since you fill in the dates for the week 's end , you can start the book at any time during the year .
 Although I can keep all my records on the computer , my old accountant still loves hard form and this Dome bookkeeping record is the best by far . The layout , choices and quality .
 Best Bookkeeping book there is . Been using it since 1980 's . Just buy it online now , every year . A essential for self-employed .
 I am a very small business owner , and this book allows me to track all of my expenses and income . Makes it invaluable at tax time !
 I have found Dome bookkeeping records meet my business accounting needs . I have used the weekly bookkeeping record for many years . The simple plan they contain for recording expenses , receipts , and payroll is perfect for my small business . Thank you for a consistently great product .
 This workbook id easy to use and keep track of daily expenditures . I would recommend to all startup businesses .
 Weekly bookeeping book , is the only way to go with booking , like it very much . Thank you weekly bookeeping book .
 I love these weekly records . They are just the right size for me and help me stay on track with my expenses/income on a weekly basis . They also help me know how much to record for my year-end office expense/tax report . Since Quicken and all the other bookkeeping software takes too much of my time for setting up and learning , I prefer the old-fashioned bookkeeping .
 I 'm an old-fashioned paper person and bookkeeping online is not for me . I love this product ! It has a handy weekly format and all the expense categories I would need and 3 spaces to add my own . Just what I need .
 I absolutely love this accounting book . It provides much needed space for my deductions.I do n't need left column so I use it to record my mileage . There is planty of space to enter 3 groups of mileage which makes it much easier to calculate.You can edit acct # to your need.Overall this is a best bookkeeping system yet .
 I know , I know , it is not on a computer but we used one of these years ago for a small business we owned and it worked well . We again have a small business we want to track and this will work just fine !
 I have a very small home business with uncomplicated bookkeeping . I tried doing it on the computer , it was so pointlessly finicky . I keep this record book handy , jot my stuff down daily , and I 'm done . I love the set and the ease with which I see the totals -LRB- weekly and to date -RRB- ; I love how uncomplicated this is , while at the same time catching all the important info . I 'm going to buy a bunch more just in case they stop publishing ...
 This is a fabulous bookkeeping log book for the small , non-computerized business . We have been using it since 1988 with satisfaction and success.Thanks so much for this A + product !
 Dome 600 Bookkeeping record , weekly , 11 x 8-1/2 , wirebound , 128 pages , brown coverNone of the local office supply stores in my area carry this book any longer . I was able to obtain it on Amazon and at a reasonable price . Delivery was quick .
 As a self-employed piano teacher , I have used Dome 600 weekly bookkeeping record for the past 22 years . Since I can no longer purchase it locally , I order it annually online . I have never found a comparable substitute . Dome 600 has stood the test of time for me .
 An organized system for the home oroffice . Easy ledgers , columns , data entry , receipts & tax information . Handy & efficient .
 This eraser works like a charm . Plenty of power . This product is disappearing from all manufacturers . That is a great pity . My wife and I are full time illustrators and this tool is almost indispensable to us .
 Works well in my forthcoming efforts to be a renowned author . I erase more than write sometimes . This is an excellent product .
 I recently purchased the transcription kit , even in the face of advice to not do so , and I 'm very pleased that I did . I use a Sony ICD-P110 digital voice recorder , with version 3 of the Digital Voice Editor software from Sony . I only bought the transcription kit because it was almost half price , as I was unsure about how well it would work.I have not been disappointed . The only problem is that if you save the MSWord document you 're working on , the digital recording is reset to start playing from zero again . I think the save comand is activated in both programmes . I simply note my expired playback time before saving the Word document . I have also been able to play back mp3 files.I am however very pleased with the overall package .
 I purchased this Sony Product to go with Sony Digital Voice Recorder ICD-PX720 . I currently transcribe at home for 2 doctors . This is almost effortless when it comes to transcribing . I would also recommend the Sony Digital Voice Recorder listed above . The digital sound quality is superb and crystal clear . No hissing noise that you would find if you were using microcassettes . I researched this for about a month and this was the best product and price point to change over to digital . I made an excellent choice buying these 2 products . My purchasing experience from Amazon was excellent . Ginger Spanos from Paintsville , Kentucky .
 I was able to use this pedal with . wav files downloaded from an Olympus recorder , no problem.Pedal works fine , software is adequate.I have transcribed approx 3 hours of recording so far .
 Item works great . Spent a little more time to set up . Software included was out of date . Newer transcription software was available . overall good product .
 I am very happy with this purchase . I have been using this transcription kit for one week and have had no problems at all . Installation and setup were a breeze , and it does exactly what I want it to do
 I am very pleased with this product . It installed easily , and the clarity through the headphones is above average . The software is flexible and easy to use . Overall , this set does exactly what I needed and I would recommend it to anyone who needs good digital transcription equipment and software .
 I purchased this after using one a faculty member owned . The software is a bit buggy , but considering its function , does an excellent job once you figure out how to tweak it to your specifications . Would buy again for transcription .
 I used this product at work for several years and then had to buy one for home when I had to do a stint from home . The foot pedal I used at the office probably lasted me 4-5 years before it broke .
 I don ; t make much use but our staff does use it and we purchased additional sets .
 The product is similar to the picture . For the price of 11 dollars it does a splendid job . Also the most important the company has an EXCELLENT customer post service relationships.IT IS CERTAINLY MY MOST PREFERRED COMPANY !!!
 Description is accurate for a 12-Pack of ALL ONE COLOR , which is what I need in my daycare when certain colors are preferred more than others and I end up with too many dark green and purple , not enough red , light blue , and light green .
 Simply put , love it . May seem like a waste of printing or something that anyone should be able to create on their own but it has become my right hand tool in organizing my to-do 's at work.I am in a supervisory position -LRB- IT -RRB- where I may have 3 to 4 different tasks going at the same time with someone else requesting a 5th . I just got this last week and now keep it right next to my PC . I can write each task and things to do easily in the areas provided plus there is an area to list contacts or calls to make . I especially love that as I usually forget who I need to call later in the day due to all of my other tasks .
 If you like to make lists , you 'll love this . You can list tasks , errands , and correspondence . Then you check the `` done '' box !! There 's even a corner for notes . Perfect !
 Bought this for a list crazy person ... then used it myself more than I expected . Nothing fancy , but serves purpose well .
 Was looking for a good `` things to do pad '' This version is not cheap but it gets the job done . About a quarter inch thick pad , blank on the back so you can add notes if need to . Check out this company 's entire line of products .
 These little notepads by knock Knock are awesome ! I have a few different ones and some are very functional and some are just funny !
 I really like the layout of these sheets and they appear to be quality made . I magnetize them to my fridge door .
 I tend to make lists for just about everything and I have found that this pad provides a great way to organize daily or weekly tasks . I typically just ignore the titles at the top off each column -LRB- I guess I am not one to have a weekly list of correspondences -RRB- . I originally received this as a gift , but have since purchased another one and will continue to buy them .
 I usually use a steno pad for writing down phone messages and to do lists but for some reason this works better . I start with a fresh page on monday . transfer over anything that I didnt do the prior week and maintain it throughout the week . I think the only thing that might be better was if it was spiral bound so that you could look back at any notes you took . overall I am very pleased with this to do list .
 I just enjoy writing down my task and being able to check it off . It feels good to have a completed task list . It has a column for errands , and correspondence and notes too . The notes one I use to list down my groceries and i just cut it off . I will most like buy another sheath when i run out . It was shipped fast .
 The note pad is fun and cute . It looks much better than a plain notebook or post-it notes sitting everywhere . The price is a little high , but I knew that going in so I ca n't really complain . The binding has held up and the paper is nice .
 Works well , I use it daily . Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 stars only because it 's a little expensive .
 This is a great little list notepad ! There 's plenty of space to list everything I need for a typical day . Each quadrant is it 's own little list , things like errands and correspondence . I had never thought to organize my to-do 's in that way and now I ca n't imagine not doing it ! At work , I typically manage several projects at a time and grouping together like to-do 's helps me to keep forward momentum on multiple projects at once .
 Great stuff ... i used this everytime i need to jot down all my tasks for the next day . I recommend this to busy and multitasking person .
 I absolutely love keeping lists and this is the best notepad I have ever purchsed . I love to keep track of things I need to do and these have been a total lifesaver .
 Who does n't love a good to do list pad ?! This one is simple and easy to use . I wish the task list portion was longer , but I guess it would be never ending that way !
 They sure do n't make mechanical pencils like they used to . Staedtler is an excellent brand and makes excellent products . And this pen is exactly how they used to make mechanical pencils 30 years ago . It 's a very high quality pencil , hefty and long lasting . It will easily last you 30 years . Highly recommended .
 If every now and then you like to draft a design the old fashioned way -LRB- i.e. , by hand -RRB- , this is an excellent tool . It stays sharp for a very long time , has a pleasantly hefty feel , and the built-in sharpener in the top is a nice touch . The only downsides
 Here 's a perfect example of `` Keep It Simple , Stupid . '' - I bought this pencil 20 years ago when I was a drafting student . Since then I 've used it for everything when I actually had it.I abused this pencil when I was doing some carpentry work and it still works.I lost it in my metal tool case down in my basement and finally found it when I was getting rid of some old tools that did n't work anymore . This pencil still works.It was on the kitchen counter , fell down and got stuck under the refregerator . Couple of months later I found it while cleaning out the hair and dust on the refrigerators compressor . Pencil still works.Let my sons borrow this pencil , they lost it among all the junk in their cabinet and I genuily thought I lost it forever until I found it in my oldest son 's pencil box that he took to school each day . Washed the gum and old curdled chocolate milk , guess what ? Pencil still works.Through out all of my career changes , from a student to a draftsman , Machine assembler to a student , document control officer to a student again , freelance artist to a student once more , to a graphic designer , this has been a constant companion . When people ask me if they can borrow it , I now answer - `` Hell , no ! Get your own ! '' and send them to the link here . It 's outlasted computers , cars and trucks , trips cross country , girlfriends , apartments , houses , and in-laws . At this rate it 'll be regarded as an heirloom and my grandchildren will be fighting over `` grandpa 's pencil '' after I 'm dead and it 's been lost and found a dozen more time in the decades to come .
 This is a good pencil , but I think the seller needs to be more specific as to what they are selling.The pencil is a `` Steadtler Mars Technico '' 2mm lead holder . Thought I would say that since the seller doesnt tell you.Yes , the pencil does come with a single stick of Steadtler mars 2H lead , which is nice of them.I bought this pencil because I like to doodle during my collage classes and it 's been working very well for me . I used a .5 mm mechanical pencil before this and shading took years ! I thought about bring in art pencils , but then you have to sharpen them ; as you can imagine that would be very loud and disruptive . This pencil is great because there is a built In sharpener at the top that 's quite . Now I can draw all I want , shade easily and not disturb the class sharpening pencils!I 've read a lot of reviews dissing the built in sharpener . So far , I have had no major issues with it , but I will say a rotary sharpener would probably get u a lot better of a point . Other wise it 's fine for doodling and recreational drawing.My only problem with the pencil is not the pencil itself , but the lead it comes with . It comes with 2H lead , not very good for general drawing . However , I do realize that this pencil is aimed more at drafting than drawing . I just wish it came with a more neutral HB lead instead . So if your going to use this pencil to draw , buy some softer lead while your at it.Overall , I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Nice pencil . Tough and sturdy . Led wo n't break even if you are a heavy writer .
 alright i have dropped this pencil like forty times it never cracked or broke it just dropped when i was sharpening it well it brakes alot -LRB- the lead or graphite -RRB- perfect pencil
 This lead holder -LRB- read that right
 i didnt buy mine online so i cant say how the shipping and all that was like . but the pencil itself is pretty sturdy . made out of metal . the type i always get ... im heavy handed . anyway the 2mm is not brittle , but is pretty hard , im more use to the softer leads . but get it . i use it for my watercolors , then soak the paper in water , and the lead pencil still stays !!! loving it . go buy it
 Seriously the best . I 've bought so many pencils and lead holders these past few months and nothing compares to this bad boy . Bought two of them . Such a nice fine point . probably will buy more .
 This has a decent light weight to it . The metal is a great coarse grip for drawing . Highest of quality here . Now I have my son use this at school . Have to make sure other kids do not steal it . I have three of these pencils and one is 14 years old . They last forever . Get the pencil leads and this is one of the best pencils you will ever try out .
 Had this pencil for a while , did n't get it from Amazon thou , it 's a great wee pencil , I actually just learnt something about it by reading the other reviews and that is the top is a sharpener . Tops of mechanical pencils/lead holders usually hold an eraser , I have been tugging at the top ever since I bought mine trying to get to the eraser , this explains why I ca n't get to it ;--RRB- Now I know it 's a sharpener I still wo n't be using it as it 's a pain in the bum to pull out the lead and stick it in the top , god only knows why they did n't put an eraser there instead as it next to useless , but you do need a sharpener for it , Staedtler 's own one is stupidly expensive it was 10 on the site I got my pencil from , so I got one made by Faber-Castell which is perfect , it has 2 holes for 2mm and 3mm leads , the sharpeners are great they are like wee dinky baby sized normal pencil sharpeners inside a case so it catches the graphite , keep the graphite shavings for lubricating locks and zips .
 This is a good pencil . I never knew lead holders existed until I had to buy one for a landscape drawing architecture class . I fell in love with this lead holder and will never go back to wooden pencils . I treat this one as any mechanical pencil , always competing with my preference for pens because pens do n't give my finger an ugly callus . The grip on the pencil hurts after awhile , easily solved by an ordinary pencil grip . I now use this pencil for everything
 I 've been using these pencils for over ten years and i have never looked back . I own probably more than 15 of these and almost buythem compulsively out of fear that they 're gon na stop making them . Needles to say they 're amazing quality -LRB- i still have and use my very first one ! -RRB- .
 i like the pencil just fine . no need to spend a dine more than thing.i would think twice before buying from who i got it from , , they sent me a bent one in a paper envelope . even myn kid wouldnt try to send anything semi fragile in a paper envelope.he would get a box.anyways , ; they sent me another one , a month later . and i got to keep the bent one , . , yeeeayyyywould i buy again , , yes -LRB- the product -RRB- R
 Excellent calendar ! Excellent price ! the squares are just large enough to write some notes on , and the backgrounds are attractive , yet blend into the background of my room .
 SERVES IT PURPOSE RECVD WHEN SAID WORKS AS SAIDHAVE HAD NO ISSUES WITH IT SO FAR WILL ORDER AGAIN IF I NEED ONE
 This is an incredible product . We use it at home without a land line so we do n't have to carry our cell phones and can charge them .
 I 've been looking for a better cordless for some time . I wanted to go to a system -LRB- base and remotes -RRB- instead of several line connected stand land alone units as now exists . I stumbled across this Panasonic KX-THA19S purely by accident as I had no idea such a product existed . It caught my eye and as I read the features my eyes opened . This is not your typical inexpensive base and extra remote set system . Most of our outgoing calls at home are long distance relative to our home service . Hence , cell phones are typically used for most outgoing calls and some incoming . The bulk of incoming are on the landline phone . This meant having the two cell phones lying around readily available addition to the land line cordless pending where you are settling down . Having several common/identical phones -LRB- these new Panasonics -RRB- throughout the house is handy . With remotes needing only ac power for the charger vs an actual phone line to answer incoming either under the normal phone line or either of two cells is a Bonus . Being able to call out with the cordless acting like any of the cells or base landline is a blessing . You dial the number directly -LRB- or use the internal phone book -RRB- ... then you select which phone you want to go out with by one button push . I have the base unit , plus 3 remote handsets in the house and one more remote handset in the detached garage so 5 total -LRB- plus the base has keyboard so it 's almost like an extra . You can program the system with any one headset and then send the data to the others . You can have the system use a different ring tone as well as handset color light up -LRB- LED -RRB- pending which way the call is being received . All headsets indicate if you have messages at the base voicemail unit which you can access from any of the remote headsets . With any headset , you can have an individually intercom discussion with any one which you select , or you can room monitor activity at any of others which you select . You can establish your own three way conversation using a combination of land line and cell phone for connecting the other two parties . The sound quality is very good on earpiece or speakerphone ... especially with some of the available quality options engaged . You can link up to 5 different Blue tooth phones . OK for summary of the pluses though there are more . Now a few negatives . The far distance reception is good but not quite as good as I hoped for -LRB- ie weak at about 400 hundred feet away outdoors at mailbox . Similarly is so reception WITHIN -LRB- vs outside the remote garage -LRB- only being ~ 100 feet from the base -RRB- . So distance and or barriers will limit useful range . You expect that , abut I was hoping for noticeable better range than my 15 yr old 900Mhz phones . It was marginally better at best . Establishing the blue tooth link when you arrive home -LRB- once programmed initially -RRB- is pretty easy . You select the phone link you want and then confirm it . But I have not found an easy way to disconnect the link other than taking the phone out of range from the base . You can go through a button push disconnect process but then need to reprogram that phone before it being selectable again . That is a pain . So a simple disconnect button similar to the connect button would make much more sense . Maybe there is a way to make it easy , but I have n't found it . Also , it appears the headset should accept a belt clip holder but none come with it . And lastly the price . My set-up/system has one base unit and 4 remote headsets . It was a lot of money in total . But this did offer some unique solutions and conveniences I never thought would be available . The build quality and performance plus features do make its hard to swallow higher cost acceptable . As the saying goes - you get what you pay for ... and though I 'm a picky engineer , I 'm quite satisfied that I did get my monies worth ... even though I wished it was a little less money .
 I purchased a base unit and one expandable handset first . I have been burned before by worthless phones . This system works so well , I purchased two more handsets . The bluetooth works with our two cell phone . A Motorazr maxx Ve and an LG phone . Neither phone was on Panasonic 's list of compatible phone . The system works even though the base unit is less than 5 feet from my airport extreme . I have not had time to learn all of the features , but my son has already programed in different voices and songs for ring tones . My wife would never use a cordless phone because I always bought the cheapest ones . They were tinny and unreliable . Now , she loves the phone because of the good quality of the sound and the ability to intercom individual rooms . No more yell up or down the stairs to talk to someone .
 I can now use a telephone and actually understand what is being said to me because of the bluetooth in this telephone . It paired with my hearing aids immediaely . What a wonderful item for the hearing impaired .
 I had this model phone for two years . Something happened ... it broke . I tried an ATT bluetooth connect phone ... it was junk ... so I re-bought the exact same Panasonic phone I loved for 2 years ... This phone does just about everything I need . Uploads my phone book to all the handsets , connects seamlessly to my bluetooth earset , has plenty of room for lots of messages , is very user friendly , the only thing I 'd add is an option for audio message alert . I do n't notice the little light blinking when there 's a message . I can also bluetooth connect my cell phone and my husband 's cell phone . This phone will accept up to five bluetooth connections . I just hope it does n't break again in only two years .
 I bought the KX-TH111S system and was very happy with it . I bought additional KX-THA19S handsets to expand the system to all rooms in the house . They work fabulously . I have no complaints other than the cost . Retail for these was $ 50 . Amazon had them for $ 43 each . That 's quite a bit of money for ONE handset , but the features of the phone system made it worthwhile .
 I 'm very happy with this phone set . We bought the base and two extra handsets . The sound quality is great , and they are smaller than the last panasonic cordless phone we had . We have two phone lines , and this phone works great for that . You can choose different ring tones to tell which line is ringing . There is a jack for a headset on all the handsets , which I think is important . The cool feature is being able to link cell phones with this phone . Once the cell phone is paired , it 's so easy to come home , press one button on the base unit and link the cell phone via bluetooth . Then I can answer cell phone calls -LRB- or make them ! -RRB- from any handset in the house . It works great ! You can link up to five different bluetooth devices . You can only use one at a time , but that 's not a problem for us . I 'm glad we bought this set .
 I have been using this phone in conjunction with the base station for several months and I really love it . I use the speaker phone and bluetooth connection daily . Both work really well . My wife likes the different ring tones that you can select . I have no complaints about this phone . Great Product .
 This is a good bluetooth phone for use with any bluetooth cell phone . Only problem is you have to have a base station to go with this extension handset . They do n't make this system anymore so if you do n't already have a base finding one may not be that easy . The handset is refurbished and looks like new . The price is good and the handset works fine . I have found that the charging stand with these units is the first thing to go and I have already had 2 of the charger bases fail .
 Great value and good quality . Just what I expected and it came very quickly . I was please with this product .
 The task chair is absolutely wonderful-so easy to assemble and very comfortable.The shipping was fast and everything arrived in great condition.Thank you
 This turned out to be a very nice choice for me . I needed a basic armless task chair for my corner desk , and this fit perfectly . The cushion is removeable from the base , so you can cover over it with your own fabric if you so desire . Easy to assemble . I added my own choice of casters , which I prefer over most stock casters .
 Now that we 've given this pad some extensive use is a great time to review it.The pad is even better than expected ! Sometimes the photo prints on mouse pads look great on the printed copy , but arrive washed out , too light , or blurry.THIS pad 's photo print is bright , clear and very permanent , with no fading or discoloration . The pad is perfectly sized and the edges are not curling or fraying as some cheaper pads do . I 've even had pads where the top separates completely from the base rubber , but this one is holding up perfectly.I highly recommend purchasing your mouse pads and other products they sell and we would not hesitate to buy from them again!The two baby panda 's playing on the mouse pad brings a smile to our faces whenever we use the desktop PC , and they have hundreds of other different styles to chose from .
 This pen is worth every penny for calligraphy and drawing . And it is a luxurious pleasure if all you want to do is write or doodle with it.For over 30 years now I have tried every pen imaginable , from sophisticated technical drafting pens to cheap ball points . I was interested in being a professional inking artist , and while my art career has taken a different direction with the advent of digital mediums , I still have a passion for drawing in ink . The cartridges make it cost effective in the long run , and accessories allow you to use any kind of ink you want with it.I love this pen .
 I had one of these pens when I addressed my wedding invites 11 yrs ago . It was the best pen ! Recently , a friend of mine asked me to help her address her wedding invitations . I bought 2 of these pens ! One for me and one for her ! This is the smoothest writing calligraphy pen I have ever tried .
 THIS IS A GREAT PEN . IT 'S FAST AND FUN TO WRITE , DRAW , ETC.I 'VE HAD ONE OF THESE FOR 8 YEARS , AND USE IT EVERYDAY.THERE 'S EXTRA SPACE INSIDE TO USE FOR A SPARE CARTRIDGE.HAROLD FRANK SIMPSONARCHITECT , COSTA RICA
 Agree heartily with all reviews . I have had mine for at least 15 years now , and use it every single day . It comes in a nice , hard case , and lasts for ever . It 's not a fancy brand pen a la Montblanc , but it writes so well . Have given away quite a few over the years , since once anyone tries it , they covet one . Highly recommended to those who care about writing instruments and enjoy the act of writing .
 Coming from someone that writes between 20 and 40 letters a week . This pen is comfortable in the hand and has a good even flow . I would recommend this product for anyone that does a great deal of handwritten correspondence .
 Very pleased with performance and how quickly I received ! So much fun to draw and write with . I will order again .
 You only have the one size to write with and you ca n't put the cap on the other end , but it works well and you can put a spare cartridge in the inside if you position it right .
 This is a solid organizer for the money . It includes a PC backup cable -LRB- serial port only , sorry USB people . -RRB- One thing that is not mentioned in the manual or on the Sharp website but that caused me days of headaches is that you must have either zero or more than one entry before you try and link with a PC . I entered one phone number as a test and then spent 2 days trying to figure out why the organizer and PC would n't talk to each other . Then I reset the organizer and it worked . Entered one phone entry again and it stopped working . Then I entered a second phone entry and it started working again . This was very frustrating should have been documented . I tested on three different YO-270 units from different stores and all exhibited this behavior.The backup cable is cleverly named so because the included software will only allow you to dump a backup file on your PC . With the included software , you can not synchronize with PC apps or even perform data entry on your PC . This was beginning to annoy me until I found this website : ... This `` PC Interface Software '' listed here is what is included with the unit . The `` PC Link Software '' is NOT included with the unit , but you can download it from here and it works fine for me ... The `` PC Link Software '' makes data entry a whole lot easier . There are also Import and Export functions in the software that may allow some rudimentary synchronization with other PC software , but I have not tested that functionality.All in all , a solid organizer and it would deserve five stars if the problem I mentioned was documented and if the `` PC Link Software '' was included with the unit .
 I bought this organizer but took it back when I realized it could n't be syncronized with Outlook or other PIM apps . Too bad too , because it and other Sharp organizers are easy to use with the built in keyboard , and are loaded with features . Unfortunately , you can only backup the organizers data onto a Sharp personal organizer file on your hard disk . Buy this if you do n't mind entering in all your own data .
 i have not used this yet but i was thinking about getting this for my daughter she wanted a organizer with a speaker , dose this one come with a speaker
 It cleared up a lot of wasted space in my apartment . It was exactly what I needed .
 These are great shelves . I 've seen other shelves and own other `` consumer '' shelves like them , which are shorter and shallower . I 've been looking for a good shelf system with 2 foot depth for basement storage and finally found them here . The box arrived a bit mashed up and the instructions were ripped but otherwise the contents were in good condition . The box is somewhat heavy , but probably half as heavy as some you see that come with particle-board shelves . This is a manageable weight so I could tote the box down to the basement . The assembly is straightforward . Before I found these I got a couple of `` industrial '' shelves of another brand from the home store for garage storage , and they were a considerably heavier and harder to put together and I 'm sorry I bought them . These wire shelves are easy to assemble and work with by comparison . I like them enough that I just bought the matching add-on 4-shelf unit -LRB- which only has 2 legs and the other side clips onto this original `` Starter Kit '' shelf -RRB- .
 The sound and the message system is very good . The only problem I have had is that the headset is easly knock out of the holder . This is a problem because the phone is on a night stand
 COBT CT-P920 WH Digital Telephone Answering Machine with Caller ID Speaker PhoneI ordered the phone for the price . It has good features and works well . The numbers on the buttons are hard to read so I do n't recommend it for older or sight impaired people . You can not turn the ringer off as it only has a high/low volume button .
 The only thing that I found was an inconvenience to me , was that the speaker was located under the receiver , which made the speakerphone feature almost impossible to hear , unless you were right up on the phone . Also the phone does not include a Ringer Off button , which comes in handy sometimes . Other than that , seems to be a pretty good phone at a reasonable price .
 I am strictly an amateur artist . I 'm new to color pencils , having used pastels my entire life . However , after having used the Prismacolor pencils , I am strongly considering converting entirely to use of color pencils . I have tried the Derwent Coloursoft pencils , which are nice , but to me , in no way to be considered the equal of Prismacolors . The Prismacolors lay down excellent color , are blendable , and give great detail . They are not dusty and messy like pastels . For precision detail , I sometimes use the Prismacolor Verithins . I would highly recommend this set of pencils . I bought the 150 color set and am very happy , except I find myself using up colors , so now I will have to either consider purchasing some as `` open stock '' or purchasing a smaller set so I do n't run out of my most-used colors ! I would also highly recommend buying `` The Colored Pencil Bible '' for anyone who has not previously used color pencils . I enjoy photographic realism in my art , and this book certainly will help anyone to be able to obtain maximum results out of any color pencils , but especially out of Prismacolor , since that is the pencil the book 's author uses . The author even lists the specific Prismacolor pencil colors used in each painting . If you prefer to buy a smaller set , I would recommend at least the 72 set , if possible . However , I love my 150 set and am glad I bought that . It is the first set of color pencils I have had since the grade school `` Crayola '' and `` Roseart , '' which are fine children 's pencils , but not for a serious art attempt.By the way , I have experienced very little breakage , nor have I experienced `` bloom '' of wax from these pencils .
 Wonderful product . Delivered in a timely period . Delivered in excellent condition . Recommend this product to everyone and anyone who is serious about drawing and those who just want to have fun trying something new !
 I enjoy working with these pencils . They were worth the cost . I am not a well-known artist but they are fun to use .
 Sent item faster than expected in perfect condition . Doing business with them was perfect . No flaws .
 While i love the product i was n't happy with the extra long wait . I understand about the holiday but maybe then a different method of shipment should be used . The product its self was really great and well worth the wait but its was well past the delievery date and was about to complain . I am glad to have the product and hope to keep getting more products soon .
 The pencils are great , and the tin is great , but they have discontinued the boxes that double as a pencil stand . That is too bad . Yes , this tin protects the pencils , but I wish they could have retained the display/stand function that the box provided .
 It is the best color set out there , no doubt.its what the profesjonels use . check up Riven Phoenix and you will know what i mean.im very pleased , but there is one thing i hoped was gon na be in the pack , and it wasnt . and that is a colorless blender , something that makes it all better and the sharpener did more damage then sharpening so i would bye a sharpener to ...
 If you are into using colored this is a wonderful collection . Prismacolor makes a very fine product and the 120 choices of colors is overwhelming in a very good way .
 Okay , so i really wanted color pencils for Christmas and so i told me parental units i want colored pencils thats all my dad then responded wtf do you want me to do get you a 6 pack of crayola ? ... to that i responded nevermind ... i bought them myself and i put his name on the card . if you wan na be really super cool youll get these colored pencils , they work beautifully ! there are 4 trays of colors an it comes with 2 chalk sticks , those are like crayons but in a cube form its used for backgrounds and shading i have been told . so its pretty sweet but i would highly recommend also getting the prismacolor pencil sharpener on here it costs like 4 $ ish so really cheep an the blade the pencils come wiff can be switched into it i have been told . it works really well , but if you use the sharpener alone that it comes wiff you can split the pencil in half , very very very nice pencils you dont wan na do that , its a definite no-no . ;-RRB- but these are so worth the extra money getting more colors , so pretty and a beautiful array of colours ! I hope my review helps!Prismacolor Oval Pencil Sharpenerthis is the link for the sharpener so i do hope you get both ! happy shopping !
 My set came pre-sharpened , but included a sharpener . These colored pencils work great , but a few of them can not be sharpened , such as color 901 -LRB- indigo blue -RRB- . It kept breaking off in the hand sharpener , tried other pencils and they sharpened fine , even changed the blade in the sharpener -LRB- K.U.M. from germany -RRB- . Overall a great bargain . Just will have to run out to Hobby Lobby for more indigo blue pencils . Same thing happened with indigo blue on my 72 color set as well
 Bought a smaller set -LRB- 36 count -RRB- at Michael 's for only $ 10 less ... saw this , returned my others and got the MEGA pack ! They arrived in perfect order , very quickly and I 've told all my art classmates about your site ! Thank you so much !
 Paid a fraction of what the MSRP in stores through AMAZON ... . Perfect product , quick shipment . Totally happy and saved a bundle of $ $ $ - about 50 % . I 'm totally happy .
 I bought these prismacolor pencils as a Christmas gift for my 15-year old artistic daughter . She absolutely loves the range of colors and the effect that these pencils give . We do have one problem , though - one pencil is defective . PC1020 celadon green came without a color lead/filler - in other words , it came empty . I am going to report this defect which my daughter only discovered a few days ago . Other than that , this has been a fantastic purchase .
 Okay , I 've been using Primacolor Colored Pencils since High School ; and i love to use them . There the perfect blend of sturdy and usefulness . I 've looked and searched for the best value on the pencils and this way through Amazon is the only way to get the best value for your buck . They come in great condition , and have the ultimate variety of shades not to mention the most pencils you can buy in a set . Great Buy , love them : -RRB-
 I 've been using these for a long time an they work amazing . They came in great condition as advertised and right on time .
 A marvellous set for professional art designers , that you can easy engrave.Born to be used !
 These pencils are the most elite and premium colors that you can buy . The bold and rich colors will help you bring out the most colorful design you were hoping for . This is what professional use , and if you are even half way serious about your drawing , you will buy this full set !
 As a painter , I am a BIG color person , but it 's not always possible to have your paints , medium , turpenoid , easel , canvas/paper , and a multitude of other necessities on you . So when it comes to portable color , I love me some Prismacolors . They produce rich color that blends easily and smoothly . Then the most exciting part is wiping the finished product at the end with a kleenex to reveal the shiny finish . They 're so great ! Worth every penny ! Careful not to drop them on the floor , tho , cause then the lead breaks and then a whole pencil may be lost . I have had this problem on many an occasion , where I sharpen but then the pencil lead falls out and I have to sharpen again . At any rate , prismacolors rock .
 -LRB- Note
 I 've been using the Prismacolor pencil brand for years ; my first boxes were the Verithins , which I also really recommend -LRB- although they do not come in such a large quantity like this -RRB- . I have always liked Prismacolor for their pencils , since they give a good , smooth color and they do n't break very easily -LRB- unless you have too fine a tip that you press down just way too hard on -RRB- . If you treat them gently , they will last you for years . And you can find filler colors at places like Guiry 's really easily .
 I have been doing illustration work for my personal enjoyment since the 1980s , and I have been using Prismacolor Premier colored pencils for nearly 15 years . I have to tell you that these pencils are a pleasure to work with . I use them mainly for doing biological and scientific illustration , but I use them for other things as well . I was introduced to them by a professional biological illustrator who 's guidance was , use only the best . Of the colored pencils I 've used over the years , these are the best I 've found.Prismacolor Premier colored pencils have a soft lead , so soft that you need to tread lightly as you apply them , or the lead is easily broken . On the other hand , the soft lead makes these colors much easier to blend once they are on the paper , and allow you to put down your colors layer by layer and produce the effects you are after.I find that for my work a good companion investment for these colored pencils is an electric pencil sharpener , because a sharp lead allows you to put the color down onto paper with greater precision , and gives better results.I have used these pencils on a variety of surfaces ranging from drafting velum to mat board toStrathmore 300 Series Bristol Board Pads - 14 x 17 , Bristol Pad , 20 sheets , Vellum , andCanson Mitientes 122 Flannel Gray - 19x25 Inch Sheetwhich comes in many colors , as well as hot press and cold press board , 300 lb . water color paper , and a variety of other art boards . Of course , colored pencil works best on a surface that has at least a moderate tooth -LRB- paper surface roughness -RRB- , because once the tooth is filled with lead it is extremely difficult to put down more color.If you are interested in trying out colored pencil , I highly recommend Prismacolor Premier pencils . And , I recommend that if you are serious about your artwork that you invest in at least the 48-pencil set , and once you get going , if you are like me , you will soon want the 120 or 136 pencil set.Word of warning
 I bought these for my kids when we started homeschooling because I wanted them to use a higher quality colored pencil during our art lessons . Sure , they cost about a million dollars -LRB- unless you buy them at an office supply store that is going out of business -RRB- , but the quality is worth it.I love that my kids -LRB- now 9 and 11 years -RRB- appreciate the difference between quality supplies and junk supplies . They are content to `` just use an old Crayola '' for jotting down a note , but if they are working on something that matters to them they always ask if they can get the Prismacolor pencils out . -LRB- Yes , they have to ask first -RRB- It 's never too early to teach children how to enjoy a medium.ABOUT SHARPENING
 What more can I say about these color pencils ? It 's Primsacolor . Excellent quality , a bit pricey , but if your serious about your art , this is the way to go .
 This product gave me exactly what I wanted . A professional set of pencils at a reasonable price . It came fast and without hassle
 These colored pencils are very expensive as compared to some other brands , but for me they are very worth the price . Many cheap colored pencils have very hard/waxy leads . The colors do n't blend together well and almost seem like they do n't want to `` adhere '' well to the page . Not so with the Prismacolor colored pencils . A softer lead means that the colors come off very bold and rich . You do n't have to press as hard or go over the same area as much as you would with a cheaper brand.I bought a set when I took art classes in college , and then as I use up a color I just buy the individual color I need rather than replacing the set . You can buy them singly at most craft or art stores.Save the cheaper pencils for your kids to play with , the serious artist needs better tools .
 this product was delivered well and i am very happy with the quality.i love these pencils .
 Great value and good quality . Just what I expected and it came very quickly . I was please with this product .
 Really lovely rug for in front of the kitchen sink . It 's rather small but my kitchen is small so it 's fine . I 'll probably buy another one just to have it for when this one wears out . You can never find the very same one again when you want to .
 Great clear sound . Easy to set up and easy to use . Love all the features this phone system has . Buy the base unit with the extra hand unit -LRB- s -RRB- . Program in your favorite numbers in one handset and it automatically goes to each additional phone .
 This phone works with most telephone bank systems as well as regular phone lines . All of the features work just as advertised . I would buy more .
 I bought a roll for my art class , and it gets the job done.It does not leave a sticky residue on any surface . So it 's comes off clean.I used to tape down edges of my canvas so that I can get clean lines . My only problem I have encountered is that I have to really make sure that the adhesiveness on the edge are sticking to my working surface , or else when I 'm dealing with paint , paint likes to seep underneath the tape and thus defeating my goal of having clean edges.Good buy for the price .
 I use this tape to hold my watercolour paper to my board . It works great - holding securely and letting go without damaging the paper . I do always stick it to my clothes , first , to make it a little less sticky . It 's one of my art supply staples !
 I had been looking for several weeks at purchasing my first cordless phone , leaving corded phones behind me as a thing of the past . A year ago I purchased an AT&T Digital Answering machine , which has turned out to be the very first answering machine that I have ever had that has lasted more than six months , so I decided to check into AT&T 's line of cordless phones . Once again , I am pleased by their product.This 900 Mhz cordless phone is exactly the buy I was looking for
 I 've had it for about 10 months now , and it still works as well as the first day we got it . There are some annoyances , like having to pause for a second after picking up the phone before saying anything , otherwise the caller just hears '' -- lo ? '' instead of `` hello ? '' And sometimes the memory does n't want to work -- have to hit phone , memory + # twice before it dials . Other than that , there 's been no problem . Reception is excellent , unless the caller 's is faulty . The battery has worked fine . And it works well with our AT&T 1717 answering machine .
 I see from other reviews that many people have been disappointed with this phone . But I honestly think its the best cordless phone I 've ever owned . Actually , mine is model # 8200 -LRB- I bought it a few years ago -RRB- , but it 's the exact same phone they 've just changed the model # . Unlike the dozen or so other cordless phones I 've gone through over the years , this thing is durable , has consistently good sound quality -LRB- I never encounter static -RRB- and a long-lasting battery . I routinely leave it off the base all day -LRB- and talk on it a lot -RRB- and RARELY does the battery run out on me . And here 's another BIG PLUS
 Very good printer with very few notable short comings for the price . Did extensive research before purchasing and found only one issue which may concern others - that is that the pictures will smudge with wet fingers . But you can work around this of course by putting in an album . Also please note that HP no longer sells this product -LRB- according to their web site -RRB- but did not see that noted at Amazon . Hook up is easy but for some reason the install from CD took 30 minutes on Windows XP - but finally did finish with no issues to note . For the price its worth it !
 I purchased this as a gift for my daughter and her husband . She is into scrap booking and has many pictures captured in her digital camera 's memory or on her PC.The printer worked great out of the box . Was printing pictures immediatly from the camera memory strip . Interfacing to her PC went smoothly and was able to print pictures from her PC with the HP software quite easily.The printer is just the right size for doing her scrap booking .
 The unit is well designed and manufactured , works great.But they really should find a way to make each print chepaer , paper + ink gives the same price that ordering profesional prints , and you have to pay also the unit.But if you are looking for a practical way to get print when and where you want , this is the right choice .
 I am so glad I purchased this printer . Not only does it work wonderfully , but I purchased it at a decent price . I use it constantly .
 These 2 telephones have always worked great . It 's extremely useful because 1 of the phones does not need a telephone jack so you can place it where ever you need a telephone . I would purchase these telephones again without a second thought !
 We have had this phone for over 6 months now and it is still doing a great job . One of the phones is in our home office and the other is in our garage . Reception is great on both .
 This phone is crystal clear . Best sounding speakerphone , from both ends , I have ever heard . Powered by easy-to-find and reasonably priced AAA rechargeable batteries makes this phone my first pick !!!
 Love this organizer as it uses less space than laying files flat and keeps you focused on folders / tasks that need to be worked on .
 Perfect for my ever increasing stack of files . It is spacious and segmented , which means I can have groups of files in one section . Good product . Takes a bit of space on the desk though .
 This works great for file folders , magazines , and folders . It is compact enough that it fits on my small desk and fits a lot of papers , etc. . Very useful !
 It serves its purpose and looks very nice . Very well made . I do wish that the bottom legs were a little closer together since a standard sized folder slips in between if you 're not paying attention .
 The Backstory : A couple of weeks ago , I started a new position at my company , and knew that I wanted to keep everything organized by having an individual file folder for every new client . I noticed that most of my co-workers had different file organizers to keep current clients at close reach . I 'm sure I could have had my company pick up the tab and somehow order through them , but I wanted a large selection to choose from so I opted to spend a few bucks in order to get what I wanted , exactly.The Search : I started off at the store I love to hate ... you know the one . You go in wanting to buy 4 items for a total of $ 25 , and leave with ... . slightly more in your cart , and a considerably lower bank account . Surprisingly , there were no file organizers to be found.I then went on trusty Amazon , and found this Fellowes organizer towards the beginning of my search . I liked that :1 . There were 8 tiers , yet still looked compact enough not to be a nuisance2 . It looked similar to the organizers many of my coworkers were using3 . It was black . I did n't particularly want uncoated wire/stainless steel coloring .4 . There were detachable rubber grips for the bottom to reduce scratching my desk.The Delivery : Yay , Amazon Prime ! Two business days later , it was at my porch . Hoorah.The Usage : I brought it to work the next day , and immediately put the files I needed in it . Again , the 8-tier system is great . I had enough room to put certain folders in certain levels based on priority , subject , etc. . . and still , everything was visible.The Verdict : Great item . Nothing special , but I wanted efficiency , not flare . The perks :1 . As stated , the 8-tier system is perfect . I think many of the organizers on Amazon are 6-tier .2 . Nothing to assemble , except for the grippers at the bottom .3 . Very compact .4 . Now I look professional . And looks are everything , right ?
 Its exactly what it was . Ive had it for a couple of months now . If you plan on putting just papers on itwhich was my original plan , it barely fits , but i got folders and now everything fits perfectly .
 I bought this to help me with organizing my work and school documents and it has been so beneficial . I feel more organized than I have in a very long time . My only problem though was the set-up of the wire file . It came with four little rubber feet to put on the bottom of the wire file and some of them were very difficult to put on . I wish they had put them on before they shipped it to me .
 plenty of width in the slots for multiple folders . Room underneath to store unused folders , etc. . Stays put on desk with good rubber feet .
 My only complaint is if the folders are not perfectly centered , they fall sideways . This product would work better if there was a center support along the bottom . It does serve its purpose .
 The incline is high enough , so you could make a little storage underneath the files , like 3 x 5 cards , or small drawer of paperclips , etc. . Capacity is about 30 files , so would be great for a monthly organizer . Very sturdy . Vertical file organization is so much more efficient than horizontal , saving you search time . So I have just about every type of file vertical organizer , but like this style the best . The only better one , would be rolling Pendaflex -LRB- which is expensive but most useful -RRB- , or standup collapsible -LRB- got those , too -RRB- . However this baby also works horizontally , i.e. , if you lay it on its back . Takes up the same amount of space , and in that position , you could hang it . So it could double as a rack or basket harness .
 came on time and is a good organizer for my desk it keep the paper off my desk and i know ware to find my paper now .
 First , if you use it like the picture , it 's probably not too bad . It is clearly intended for manilla folders . If you try to use it with loose papers , their weight will cause them to fall through the rack , leaving you with a mess.Each folder can be about 1/2 inch thick before the wires start pinching the folder or squeezing the neighboring slots . If you need more than this , you probably should get a regualr hanging file drawer.As others have noted , the unit is too wide at the base . If you are n't careful , or if you nudge the unit , odds are that your folders will fall off one end or the other and you have to set the whole thing up again . A solution is to get some string and pull the feet together about 2 to 3 inches . That gives it a much more secure feel in holding your files .
 This was the only sorter that I found that was reasonably priced that had 8 slots . I really like that the divider wires go up almost to the top of the folders , that way when I need to slip a single piece of paper behind the wire and in front of the folder , the paper does n't curl over . The slots are a good width , each slot holds 3 of my folders that are pretty stuffed . The reason I only gave it 4 stars is because of the two back legs . When I push the sorter all the way to my cubby wall , the back legs slip off the back edge of my desk . The cubby wall does stop it from falling so it 's really not a big deal . If the legs were situated an inch or so from the back or even angled forward . That would solve the problem . Overall , I really like this sorter .
 This product correctly shown in the picture . What you see is what you get , it 's perfect for your bills . I love it , all of my bills for mailing are so organize . I do n't missed to pay my bills anymore . .
 Definitely this product helps to keep your desk in order , perfect to put bills , letters , etc. .
 It is relatively inexpensive and does the job . Holds my papers just fine and helps keep me organized . It also does not take up too much space on my desk , which is nice .
 Excellent product for use in kitchen cabinets to organize lids , baking sheets , platters , pie dishes , etc. . .
 This item was a purchase to complement the Recycled File Folders for a project at work . One of my co-workers is the organizer and keeper of the folders . He appreciates the wide spaced slots for keeping multiple folders organized .
 I got this 23.2-inch organizer and the 11.375-inch model too . Both fit perfectly into my file cabinet , but I prefer the 11.375 organizer because the spacing between the wire spacers is smaller . I put just one folder in each space so that they stand up straight , making the folder label very easy to see and identify . I ordered another 11.375 organizer to put in the same file cabinet drawer . I have the 23.2 incher down below in the lower drawer for bigger file folders like ones stuffed with old letters and product manuals , as well as folders I do n't access very often so I can bunch them together with other folders in the same space . It 's not as easy to identify them that way , because they tend to lean into each other , but if they 're folders you do n't access very often it does n't matter and the folders take up less space .
 I have used this product at work for many years to keep files organized . No big surprise that it works for that , as long as the files are n't too thick.However , I bought some extras to organize baking sheets and racks in a cabinet over our wall ovens , and they have worked like a charm . I have also used them to organize song books and sheet music in a bookcase in our music room , and they have worked like a charm . I also use it to keep small stacks of related documents segregated .
 I am a teacher and I keep everything organized in 1 &#34; binders and then I needed a way to keep the binders themselves organized and this was PERFECT ! The slots are wide and are great for text books too !
 I bought this sorter for a different purpose than it was intended . I read an article in the newspaper about using it to store cookie sheets and muffin tins in the kitchen cabinet ... it works perfectly .
 I used this sorter in the cabinet over my refrigerator to store baking pans , racks and platters . It is perfect for this .
 Keeps files and documents organized . To avoid thin stacks of papers from curling , I often keep things in file folders in each bracket.Product is just as described . Suits my needs and looks professional in my law office .
 This is used to hold active files for easy access . It neatly organizes the files for easy access . Client files can get a bit bulky , so the wide slots are definitely a big plus . Folder labels are easier to see using this sorter -LRB- instead of being stacked one on top of the other -RRB- . There are sturdier versions , like theRolodex Mesh Stacking Sorterbut have less slots and are also more expensive . I recommend these Fellowes sorter .
 While most will use this with file folders , I use this for my children 's school workbooks . Each child has a section , and knows where to find their workbook and where to put it back . It fits in a deep desk drawer easily . I liked it enough to order three .
 This is a great item for your change .1 -- Saves holes in your pockets -LRB- For Men -RRB- 2 -- Great for travelers on airplanes going through security .3 -- having pennies in it you always can give pennies and not get any backand that is nice when you save change to convert into cash4 -- another use is if you work at a job that prohibits rings on the jobyou can put in one of these and then it is easy to find.BTW when you order this item order just 1 -LRB- You get a package of 5 -RRB-
 I 've been using these coin carriers for years and they are extremelydifficult to find these days . Thanks God for Amazon.Skylar
 I COULD NOT FIND SUCH AN ITEM IN LOCAL WALLET STORES . I KNEW IT WAS THE RIGHTITEM WHEN I SAW ITS PICTURE . IT SHOULD BE SHOWN UNDER WALLETS . RHB
 The product is exactly what I asked for and the delivery was timely , accurate and absolutely flawless with the dealer . Thank you .
 I needed an easy way to store pills in my briefcase and everything I came across was too big and needed two hands to use.These coin purses are nice and slim and easy to open with one hand , and much more useful than to merely hold coins .
 I got one of these squeeze coin holder as a freebee from a career fair a long time ago . It was well worth having it , kept my change in one place and not jingling all over my pocket . But then I lost it -LRB- which later resurfaced a few weeks after I bought this one -RRB- , that was a huge disappointment . I could n't find another one anywhere else , not in any retail stores at least . Oh the horror ! At times like these I turn to Amazon.com , and good thing I did , too . And voila ! I received my order right away in the mail.And now for the review of this particular product . My initial impression was not too well . When I squeeze this out to open the middle slit to open the mouth , it bends right in the middle . This is probably due to the way it was packaged -LRB- very tightly wrapped against a clingwrap-sort-of-thin-plastic -RRB- that it created a not-so-noticeable `` memory '' crease in the back . I guess it just takes getting used to to properly squeeze it , unlike my old one which I could just seamlessly squeeze and the mouth slit just pops right open , no bending any where else . Anyway , I find that I can put in 12 US quarters -LRB- $ 3 -RRB- into this coin holder 's full capacity.All in all , this little thing is quite handy and will last you a lifetime -LRB- and generations to come ? -RRB- .
 My husband and I looked around in a variety stores to no avail looking for a coin purse like this one after he lost his while on vacation . It is a rare find and he was trilled to have another one . My only complaint is that the postage and shipping for this $ 2 item was around $ 7 . I thought that was a bit high considering that it weighs very little . It could have been stuck in an envelope and mailed for less than a $ 1 .
 My girlfriend was tired of finding piles of change around the house so she suggested a coin bag . This type has been around for years and is the smallest most compact of them all . It is easy to open and slides nicely into my pocket . I got rid of the chain as I could think of no good use for it . Do you really want this on your key chain?I think you can pick different colors as I ordered as pictured -LRB- red -RRB- and got a blue one.I would buy again .
 My boyfriend and his father still carry these plastic coin purses . I purchased one in Vegas for BF several years ago . Subsequent visits to Vegas to look for more but could not find . I ordered these and they arrive super fast ! Great product and great service !
 This `` squeeze coin holder '' is exactly like the one that you remember from the 50 's and 60 's except this one is new . I 've looked for these for a long time because they fit in my pocket better than the newer , leather or composite material coin-purses . If this is something that you want -LRB- a coin holder -RRB- this is just what the shopping doctor ordered .
 I love these little coin purses , but my old one got dried out and stiff . I do n't know why they 're so hard to find these days , and I do n't know why the shipping is so expensive . But the advantages are worth every penny .
 I 'm just glad it was available somewhere . It 's the product I 'm used to from when I lived in CA . Ca n't find it anywhere in Kansas City , MO.Hated to pay twice as much for shipping as the cost of the product , and twice the overall price that I expected when I first started looking for this in stores , but the product is great and Amazon provides the best selection of suppliers so it 's easy to find the cheapest overall price .
 Very happy I found these for my husband , they come in a pkg . of 5 . This product is excellent , there are some out there but not as good as these ones.I would order this product again .
 The pocket coin purses were exactly as I had remembered them from decades ago . I 've been using them every day & am quite satisfied . They were delivered within a few days of being ordered even though I chose standard shipping . I 'm pleased with the purses & the company .
 THESE COIN HOLDERS ARE AS CLASSIC AS A 57 ' CHEVY . HARD TO FIND AND WHEN YOU FIND THEM ; BE SURE YOU BUY MORE THAN ONE . WHO KNOWS FOR HOW LONG WILL THEY WILL BE AVAILABLE ...
 Very retro , just what my 16 yo son wanted ! Product is easiest to open if coin holder is slightly filled with coins , Seller sent product extremely quickly .
 I keep this in my car to keep change from rattling . Occasionally , when I know I 'll want to get rid of a bunch of change , I just stick it in my pocket when I leave my car . It 's really quiet a convenience and , of course , it costs next to nothing . It works completely reliably -- does n't stretch , and somehow manages to stay closed even though it 's theoretically an open slit . Try it . You 'll like it .
 It is very hard to find this item and I have searched all kinds of stores for awhile with no sucess . I found them here online and they are just what I need to keep change , and small parts handy and quiet as I work/move . They are a better quality than stores as well-softer and very easy to open .
 I lost a squeeze coin purse recently . I bought two to replace it , in case I lose one in the future . It holds lots of coins , but is compact and easy to use .
 It is just as I remember as a kid . Easy to use and convenient as well . Also a good ice breaker , wink , wink .
 Finaly found them at AMAZON !! I have been using these things for 20 Years or more . They are hard to find !!! The last one lasted about 9 Years.I love them . Very handy .
 This coin holder corals all my pocket change so that I do n't have to remove my pocket knife , lighter , chap stick and small pocket magnifier along with my change . Before I purchased this product , I was reluctant to carry pocket change which just led to more and more change . I reached a point in life where I had far more change than I ever expected or wanted . Now is my time to get rid of all this change and you should consider doing the same .
 works well . a little stiff to open . needs to be broken in . color NOT as described but still a good product
 So glad I could find this item on Amazon.com - it 's hard for me to find in stores . Item works just as it has in the past .
 The coin holder was a nice piece of nostalgia from years ago when they were popular . They make it easy to pull all the change from your pocket and help to prevent holes in your pockets from trying to scoop the coins out . I thought they were a little pricey especially with the shipping costs but my sense of nostalgia won out and I purchased them . They arrived quickly and I am not disappointed with them .
 These are getting hard to find . I was thrilled to find them available through Amazon . Most I have seen have some kind of advertising on them and it is nice to not furnish free ad space every time I need change .
 I needed an easy way to store change so that it does n't roll around loose in my purse , and this is adequate . I wish they would let you pick the color of the coin holder , as I wanted red but I got blue , so beware of that . However , it serves its purpose just fine . No complaints .
 I needed something to protect my new Square Up credit card reader and this fit the bill perfectly , and at the right price .
 The Lucky Line 94101 Squeeze Coin Holder meets my needs for holding the assorted coins that seem to accumulate in my pockets . It 's sturdy and quite flexible when squeezed . The product arrived within a very few days and was well packaged .
 I can not begin to express my sincere gratitude when I stumbled my last purchase . I have tried to no avail in search of these coin holders from everywhere from Wal-mart to dollar-like stores and each time , came up short . Wherever I had traveled throughout this country , it seemed that people always had a familiar story to recall about their father or other relative having one of these also to keep their spare change . Thanks again !!!!! Sincerely , Dale V. Brooks
 My dad had some of these back in the earlysixties , I had to have one , and their goodlittle pouch for coins too .
 I used to have one of these many years ago . I got tired of having my change loose in my pocket with my keys and other items . It made it difficult to pay in coins because I had to empty everything from my pockets and sort through it to get the amount I was looking for . Now I can just take out the coin holder and select what I need.I have been unable to find them in stores , so I looked here and found one . It works well . The only complaint I have is that I could not choose the color . Mine came in bright orange . It would have been nice to pick a different color , but I can live with it I guess .
 It keeps change secure and prevents making holes in your pocket . The only thing that I do n't like is that it takes two hands to open properly . The coin holder that I lost only took on e hand to open . A great product for men .
 I have been using this type of coin purse for about 30 years , but have only seen them in California . Would n't you know it , about a week AFTER returning from a trip to California , I somehow lost mine , along with the change in it . Not to fear ! Good ol' Amazon has them !
 My grandfather and my husband 's grandfather carried this little plastic squeeze coin holder . It brings a smile to our face . Coin holder is as expected.Thanks
 I recently purchased several of these Lucky Line Plastic Coin Holders for my 80 year old Father in Law for Christmas . He was very happy to recieve them . They were exactly what he has been carrying his change in for years . He has not been able to find a store that sells them . I am just thrilled that I was finally be able to get him something that he really wanted ! Also , they were delivered right on time .
 just what i was looking for , just a little to expensive . looked around , found them for a third of the cost elsewhere . should have shopped around before ordering
 A very simple , inexpensive , and functionally elegant design for a pocket coin holder . I 've used them before and the flexible plastic material seems to last forever .
 I am always leaving change in my pockets until it falls out during laundering . My cheapskate uncle always had oneof these and never lost a dime . I 've always wanted one but felt that I was too young for an old timer 's device . Well , the years have passed and my attitude has changed . I really like this item , great price and fast delivery .
 Keep change in your backpack all together so it 's easy to find . Used it for years without any issues . Chain nice to keep it clipped backpack so I can find it quickly for vending machines .
 I was hoping for thicker version , sometimes when I bought this at a store , it was more thicker and lasts much longer .
 After almost 50 years , it is nice to see this is still available ! Be nice if there were a few different colors available -LRB- red is n't too male-ish -RRB- .
 I have had one these for more years than I can remember . They are the most practical means of which I know for keeping one 's change instead of losing it.When I lost my most recent one , I was really at a loss as there are few places in the regular market places that carry them . My very &#34; moxie &#34; wife thought of going on the web and found this one and gave it to me as an early Christmas present .
 I am so happy to find the squeeze coin holder . It arrived in less than a week . I would recommend this to anyone .
 Hard to find !! Exactly like the ones we had when we were a kid !! Finally found another to replace the lost one !
 I like this little coin purse . When you press it , the slit opens and the coins are easily accessible , unlike the conventional coin purse where you need to `` obtain '' the coins you need . It is also compact .
 &#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy 's Summary : &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; Highly recommended with warm fuzzies!I have used up many lengths and widths of these One-Wrap straps over the years , and it is not because these straps break or get lost , but because I just keep finding more and more uses for this . Velcro straps previously came with separate hook-only and loop-only straps . These One-Wrap straps have the hooks on one side and the loops on the other side , and are optimized for bundling/wrapping purposes while still being easily flipped around for closure if you are routing these straps in more intricate arrangements . So you do not need to keep separate hook-only and loop-only straps . These straps are very durable , even after years of use . They do not tear , stretch , or fray at the edges , and both the hook and loop sides remain very sticky to each other after repeatedly attaching and detaching over the span of several years.These One-Wrap straps are my favorite brand and style of Velcro strap . Velcro also makes `` Cinch Straps '' that have plastic buckles so they are easier to cinch tightly , and while they have their uses too , the `` Cinch Straps '' are more expensive , can not have their lengths precisely cut to a specific length , and really do not perform any better than these cut-it-yourself One-Wrap straps unless you really do need something tightly cinched together . So while I have several of the Velcro `` Cinch Straps '' , the bulk of my Velcro applications come from using these One-Wrap straps and the adhesive-backed `` Industrial Strength Velcro Tape '' . The `` Industrial Strength Velcro Tape '' is great for both indoor and outdoor mounting of objects that need to be removable . These One-Wrap straps also work great when used in conjunction with the Velcro Tape to serve as removable fasteners
 These are handy to wrap-up large ext cords , small hoses , etc. . Put it this way , I put 6 of them to use within days of receiving them .
 They work great . Many uses can be found for these . They hold a bit tight for something you might want to do and undo frequently .
 I realized I had to reduce and organize the cables on the ground drastically , as soon as I got a Roomba vacuum cleaning robot . I use these straps to keep power cables together and off the ground . Pay attention
 What can I say ? These are Velcro tie straps . They can be used to tidy up extension cords , or for securing items to various things . They 're strong , and hold very well .
 Now every cord , cable , rope , and power supply in my home is neatly wrapped . These are not heavy-duty . Perfect for everyday use when a thick Velcro strap is too bulky -LRB- e.g. headphones or cellphone charger -RRB- I have n't had one give out yet .
 For any electric cords that you want to tie into a tidy bundle , this velcro tie wrap works very well .
 Basic file cabinet . If using under a desk or table make sure to check the dimensions for both pieces .
 Good : nice large surfaceworks well with our optical mouse for gaminglooks really good on our deskand the biggest improvement for us ... it is heavy and has a soft rubber bottom that does n't sliBad : one MINOR annoyance ... the metal trim on the lower part is about 11/2 in wide and in our basement in the winter is pretty cold on the wrist . OK , I admit that is pretty minor , but I find myself pulling my sleeve down onto the heel of my hand to keep it warm . We 'll probably appreciate this `` feature '' in the heat of summer !
 What is n't mentioned in the product info is that the base is metal with a firm but softer material on top . It is heavy so it wo n't slide around your desk . This is really nice . It has a not slip base and should be easy to clean . It 's larger than normal -LRB- about 10.5 `` x10 '' -RRB- which is nice .
 I needed a rigid mousepad , not the usual flexible kind , to put on a wire rack . -LRB- These wire racks are sometimes called LAN racks or bread racks -RRB- . This mousepad fits just fine on my wire-rack keyboard shelf , and because it is metal it provides a nice flat surface , unlike common flexible mousepads which sag between the wires in the wire rack .
 This mouse is amazing when it comes to fragging ! It is smooth , but your mouse wo n't slide out of your hand . It has just the right amount of precision . What I love about it is the housing up to the mouse surface . It is a pseudo wrist rest and feels comfortable around the mouse pad edge . Most pads cut into your wrist , but not this one.It really does look like it came with my Dell XPS 400 .
 i love the idea of having an oversized mousepad that doesnt start to pill up and fall apart over time . the only issue i have with these pads is that after a while , the lines on the pad fade away , and keep the mouse from being able to know where it is on the mousepad . it took , 2 years , but i did end up having to replace it .
 Fast an smooth . !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!! !!!!! !!!!!!!! !!!! ! !! !!! !!!!!! !!!!!! !!!!!!! !!!!!! !!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!
 I have had this mousepad for somewhere in the neighborhood of 8 years . It has held up very well , with far more than normal usage . It is larger than your normal $ 3.00 mickey-mousepad , about 8x9 '' of usable mousepad surface . It has a metal `` base '' , with a hard plastic mouse surface . There is a nonslip material underneath , to keep it from moving on your desk.In my 8 years of ownership , I had to re-attach the non-slip material once - it 's attached with double-sided tape , and I re-attached it the same way about 2 years ago . Also , the mouse surface is getting worn smooth . Not big deals at all , just minor annoyances when you 're as picky as I am . I 'm buying a new one , and will retire my old one to the `` just in case '' drawer -LRB- as in `` just in case they stop making / selling something that I REALLY like ! '' -RRB- . I should probably mention this is actually the 5th one of these I 've bought . After having mine for several years , I gave 3 out as stocking stuffers one year .
 I love the mouse pad it works well with my optical mouse , it is rigid and oversized .
 What a nice mouse pad . This is my first hard pad . It 's a nice smooth surface for my new gaming mouse . Very comfortable . Highly recommended .
 I 've gone through quite a few mouse pads over the years . Inevitably they get tossed out because they get dirty from spills , ash , and regular wear and tear . The allsop mouse pad , compared to `` regular '' mouse pads , feels indestructible.Like other reviewers have pointed out the surface is nice and slick while still helping you maintain good control . The metal frame/base is a nice touch and the rubber/mesh bottom keep the pad seated where you put it.I know a mouse pad is a small thing to consider as a pc accessory , but if you use your pc a lot , and I mean a lot , you 'll appreciate this product .
 What can I say ? It 's smooth . Well put together . Not over priced . Great for gaming and great for photoshop or zbrush or anything needing precision . Works wonderfully with my G3.It 's maybe a tad too smooth , but as I wore it in , it got better and better . I just lowered the DPI on my mouse a little and found the sweet spot . The smooth surface is great for people with wrist issues as you do n't need to muscle the mouse to move it .
 I had one of these for I guess three years now and it 's been great . I finally broke down and purchased another but it was far from a necessity ! My old one still looked pretty good , but the non-metal portions were very worn down and had some indentions where various objects had fallen on it . I never experienced any issues with the metal finish peeling , but I also do have a palm-rest I have on the edge so my wrists rarely touch the actual metal.Performance wise , the pad has a great feel . There 's just enough of a texture to put a bit of friction against the mouse . Every mouse I 've tried on it has been super precise -LRB- currently a Logitech VX Nano -RRB- . The size is really nice too ; big enough for gaming but not too large.Oh , and the `` Sure-Grip '' base is simply non-slip shelf liner held down by double sided tape . However , it does a very good job . My old one was not quite as stationary and the tape holding it down was beginning to fall off , but this new one feels glued to the desk!All in all , I love these . I might even bring this old one to work and use it there !
 I love this hard-surface mouse pad for my coffee table -- it 's stylish and functional . It also works great for travel . Yes , it 's touch heavy but turns a bed , couch , or most level surfaces into a very mouse-friendly surface .
 I cant say enopugh good things about Allsop or their products , they are fairly priced and quality is over the top .
 Alright I really , really like this mouse pad . It does not slide , has the fancy metallic finish , my laser mouse works great on it . The bad is this : I 've had it for about 2 weeks and already the finish is wearing where I rest my wrist.Note
 My wireless mouse does not work with this pad -- it tracks erratically -LRB- starts , stops , jumps -RRB- , and the mouse buttons frequently do not work . I noticed that another reviewer had the same problem with a Microsoft wireless mouse . As soon as remove the mouse from the pad , the mouse works perfectly.Update
 Love this mouse pad . It lets me use my mouse on the sofa while watching TV . It has a metal base and the surface is not good for optical mouse . I used a cheap mouse pad on the surface and works great .
 I bought one of these about 2 years ago ... still in new condition with LOTS of use on it!When my wife said she needed a new mouse pad I had her try mine for a while and she liked it.So I did a search and found her one and at a great price!It has a nice 8 '' X 10 '' surface area to use and the underside has a rubber area that does not slide around.I do n't see how it could ever wear out !!! I should have got one for the grandkids ' computer !
 First off , let me start by saying I hate cheap crap . Now that we have gotten that out of the way , I must say I have had this mouse pad for nearly four years now . I still use it daily.I too have experienced the chrome finish wearing in a small section where my wrist meets the metal , but it is only a couple of inches long , and about three millimeters thick . It is right along the edge of the black mouse surface , and isnt that noticable . Honestly , that is the ONLY wear on this sturdy pad , The rest of it looks just as good as the day I bought it , and after four years of service , you expect a little fatigue . If it was a traditional foam/gelly pad thing , I would have had to throw it out long ago . I have never had one of those last more than six months to a year.For me , it is more than acceptable that the only signs of age my four year old mouse pad has is some missing silver . The black mouse surface has an almost pinstripe type look , which matches the rest of my computer accessories beautifully . It looks just as good as the day I bought it . The corners do not curl , the surface is in tack , and there is no signs of wear . I have noticed that on occasion , when the bottom of my optical mouse is in need of cleaning , or the batteries need replacing , the mouse gets a little confused . Some fresh batteries , and a wipe down of the belly of the mouse , and it is good to go again . The tracking is excelent at any speed.I have a glass desk top , and the grip material ensures that my pad never moves . The large size is another thing that I appreciate , as well as the thick gauge of the metal . This thing is heavy , and you would be hard pressed to bend or dent it . I do wish that the chrome finish had n't worn off , but that is my only complaint . This pad lasts and lasts , and is priced right along side the cheap plastic/foam crap that every other maker is cranking out , and you bet every one of those that are even close to the age of mine are far more worn and ugly.I actually got on amazon to see if I could find this pad again . I am thrilled that they still make it , and I may be ordering another one soon . The fact that they still make this product says to me that it is worth buying again .
 I needed a new mousepad for work and the available ones at the office were really dinky looking so I ventured out on my own to find the perfect one . I found it !! I wanted a mouse pad without the built in wrist support because suprisingly enough , wrist supports hurt me so when I came across this one I had to order it . It 's the envy of my office , everyone wants one ! I 'm actually going to order another for my office at home . It does n't slip or slide across my desk and it 's big enough to support my every constant mouse movements . Buy it , you 'll love it .
 This product is well made and works very well . It is not a regular mouse pad . It is rigid and has a metallic backing but the top surface has a regular but better mouse pad surface . One can place the mouse pad anywhere and still use the mouse . I balance this pad between on my thigh when I distance my eyes from the monitor using my computer eyeglasses . It has a wide surface . The bottom has a rubber like padding which make it stable , does not move even when pushed . The metallic lining on all sides and the vertical lines on the mouse pad surface makes it look expensive but the price is reasonable . Five stars .
 It 's a very smooth , solid mouse pad . It 's not going to give you a leg up in video games , but the action is very smooth . It looks good on your desk and is n't going anywhere .
 Gives great tracking with myLogitech MX Revolution Cordless Laser Mouse -LRB- Black -RRB- , is huge , and it looks great . The pictures do n't show that the metal surrounding the mousing surface is a nice semi-shiny gunmetal , which looks awesome . I use this mousepad with theFellowes Gel Flex Transparent Mini Wrist Rest -LRB- Blue Crystal -RRB- and it feels excellent .
 I teach special education in grades 3 and 4 . The 4th graders love when they see me take these out -LRB- I bought 4 -RRB- . They are an excellent editing tool and have interesting word games on them that my students beg to use whenever they finish their work or while waiting their turn for assistance .
 I just got mine a few hours ago , so I 'll just hit the high points here .1 . Multifunctional2 . Cheap ! 3 . It took me one minute to get it going , -LRB- with one eye on the instructions and the other on the keyboard . -RRB- I got it right the first time.CONS : -LRB- There are some , but nothing of concern -RRB- 1 . If you were four years old , -LRB- skinny fingers -RRB- you could use the keyboard like a typewriter . As an adult , if you line up all four of your fingers on both hands -- squeeze them together -- they are still too big to type on it . -- but so what , you knew it was small before you bought it .2 . 500,000 words would have been a lot better for me instead of 110,000 words . -LRB- getting an update for a couple of bucks , from the company , with another 2 or 3 hundred thousand words - would have been nice . I did n't get it for the games or SAT 's -- I would rather have had the addition words.But did I forget to mention it 's CHEAP ! ... EASY TO USE ! ... WORTH IT !? BYE !
 I have used Franklin products for years . I love this one for it 's large print and large keyboard for such a compact unit . I 'm very happy with it.Joe , From Huntington Beach , CA
 This product is great . It gives a spell checker , dichanary , and thusoruse . My homework is over way quicker than when I used my coumputer 's spell checker . The games are great to . The timer has come in handy to . I truly recomend it .
 I bought the Franklin Spelling Ace for a family member who has a learing disabilities and problems retaining information such as how words are spelled . She is able to write with more ease and confidence . I especially like the word games it contains , like `` hangman '' because it help her to discover how a word is spelled and the games help her remember how a word is spelled . The speller not only , gives you the word you are trying to spell but the definition and synonyms . I think this speller is great for anyone who has a problem with spelling and needs a helping hand . It only take a few minutes to learn to use the speller and would recomend it to anyone who can grasp the concept of using an electronic speller .
 This is the second major addition to the Spelling Ace in recent years . For the money this is one the best learning tools around . Basic spelling and word comprehension are the basis of any quality educationThe Franklin SA-207A goes a long ways towards making learning fun.Amazon Seller XpressTech sells this model and the full Franklin Electronic Publishers line of products at great prices and they are very knowledgeable about use and features of everything Franklin manufacturers.This item is excellent to save you from digging through pages of a dictionary in search of just a spelling , and not the definition . A must if you ca n't even get the first 3 letters square like I do looking up words . Most of these models will also play hangman with you , amongst a few other games to try and work with your spelling skills . The spelling ace my brother still has actually contained many definitions . These little machines are worth their weight in gold for highschoolers and college folks writing paper , even with spell check on the computer.There is a Franklin Spelling Ace on every desk at my company as incorrect spelling and misuse of words are very much frowned upon . They are easier to use than the spell check or Thesaurus in most word processing programs .
 I 've had one of these for over 14 years now , when they first started coming out . My brother has the original one I got freshman year in high school , and I have one I got junior year . This item is still very much the same as it was 14 years ago , just a little sleaker and smaller . Very easy to use , turn on , type the word , and search . It still has thesaurus and games , and as reviews below mention , occasionally still brings up entertaining words if you are as bad of phonetic speller as I am . This item is excellent to save you from digging through pages of a dictionary in search of just a spelling , and not the definition . A must if you ca n't even get the first 3 letters square like I do looking up words . Most of these models will also play hangman with you , amongst a few other games to try and work with your spelling skills . The spelling ace my brother still has actually contained many definitions . These little machines are worth their weight in gold for highschoolers and college folks writing paper , even with spell check on the computer .
 I bought two of the Anniversary editions as Christmas presents for my grandsons . Students and adult helpers have used Spelling Ace correctors for several years in my elementary classroom for ELA , and I have recommended them to parents who have had concerns for their students ' successes . Although the styles have been updated over the years , it is still a convenient and easily used device that helps children in a fun and satisfying way . One of my grandsons is a preteen and one a teenager , and both are thrilled with the capabilities of this product . I was glad to see that you still offered the Franklin Spelling Ace ... I knew just where to look first and was not disappointed !
 This is a great product . Large letters that are easy to read . Have used similar older product for many years . This new one has more neat features . You ca n't go wrong for the price .
 This works wonderfully . If you have any problems with spelling then this is exactly what you are looking for .
 I did not need a fancy spell checker with a huge thesaurus . I need a quick spell-checking , easy-to-use , product that fits comfortable into a carry-on bag or purse . When jotting down notes a computer is not always available and this little gadget is perfect . As an added bonus my grandchildren enjoy the games when we are in a waiting room . It served it 's purpose for me and at a price around $ 20 I was very satisified .
 I bought it for a customer and they never came back and complained , so I 'm guessing it was good
 I purchased this item as a gift to my daughter . The only complaint she had was the size . She previously had one from 1991 or there about , and it was much smaller and easier to carry in her purse . Other than that , she is very happy with it .
 My son in whom I got this for says `` it 's cool And I like it ! '' It works well , A bit larger than I thought .
 this product is great . Easy to use for crossword puzzles which is why I ordered it . I would highly recommend it .
 Pro- Compact but keys and screen are large enough for easy use . Uses only 2 AAA batteries . Good value.Con - Ca n't believe you need a screw driver to remove a tiny , easily lost screw to add or change batteries . I had to put a piece of tape over the cover catch to make opening it easier .
 I like this a lot , however , most of the time you have to spell the word really close , to get results . jmp
 great little device which is user friendly and has many extras like an address book . Good looking , light weight but large enough keyboard to be easily keyed . Very good if you do n't want to use a dictionary or a computer .
 I purchased this cash register to use at craft fairs for my candle business - it came much quicker than I expected -LRB- thanks for that -RRB- and , even though it came without instructions -LRB- I bought a used item that did not originally belong to the seller after all -RRB- when I contacted the seller , he was more than willing to take it back if I could not figure out how to use it -LRB- which I did after printing out the instructions on line -RRB- which I thought was going above and beyond - so thanks for that too ! It works like a charm and the price was right ! I 'd recommend this seller to anyone - anytime !
 We use our register for festivals where electricity either costs extra or isnt available . It works well , it does go to sleep after a certain period of time but i found if you `` hold '' the C button down it wakes up in seconds . Usually we are so busy it doesnt go to sleep so that is a plus ! Batteries are holding up well , havent needed to replace them so far and it has been a month of weekends in use .
 Wonderful ! , so happy when I saw someone else 's one . Purchased this battery operated cash register for the farmers market . Works well , purchased a second one for another market or craft fair on the same day . Battery lasts long , about 4 months , used one day a week .
 This cash register is great for people who need the ability to run without electricity . I got this for my Craft Glass and Jewelry business because I needed to keep money straight and have a way to keep a record of what items were being sold . This works great and the batteries last longer than the manual stated . The receipt printer is a little slow , but totally acceptable . The only thing I worry about is the tiny little plastic lever for selecting the cash register mode - you click it through the positions to the mode you want -- I worry that I will break that off one day . But overall it works great , better than advertised and it runs completely on C cell batteries for extended periods of time .
 Great register . I 've had 3 of these over the past 20 years . Recommend this to anyone who needs a portable register . Great for people who do outside trade shows with no electricity .
 We needed a cash register for the student store at my school . I have NEVER used a cash register in my life . And I 'm not very patient about reading instructions . Having said that it 's pretty basic . It DOES require some learning how to use ... programming in different ` departments ' for different types of items . Still , it 's not rocket science . I would have bought the sharp cash register but i remember Royal from the typewriter days so I trust 'em .
 This is my second register , as we need to use tow of these at our trade shows . The first one I bought had some issues as the drawer would not close -LRB- The first was not bought from Amazon . It was still under warranty so fortunately I had to only pay for shipping to the service center . It was fixed very fast and was just a minor issue . After this we got caught in a downpour of rain . The service center was very helpful and told me to try to let it dry out , This worked . I have to say these do not eat through batteries as mine will last through many shows without having to change them . It is rather slow ringing up compared to my Sharp register that has all the bells and whistles , but that one is very heavy . You do have to manually open the drawer after ringing up a sale so you do have to pay a bit of attention if you have heavy lines of people coming . These are very light weight which is really nice . I do recommend it . I would have given 5 stars but with the drawer issue I gave it 4 stars .
 My wife and I are farmers and needed a cash register for our Farmers ' Markets held twice a week . This is easy to use and I have not had the slow printing problem that others have had . We purchased it because we do not have power available at the market . Some folks have given it poor reviews because it `` sleeps '' to save battery power . You do n't have to remove the tape cover and turn on and off to have the register `` wake-up '' . Just hit the cancel key once or twice and it wakes right up . The drawer is well designed and does n't allow bills to get scooped up into the back of the drawer . I also like the large keys as my eyes are not as good as they used to be . It also handles multiple taxing amounts very well . Overall a good buy at a price not too different from a simple cash drawer .
 We are a small family run farm and we go to farmer 's markets every weekend plus we open up our farm for visitors and such . I needed something portable and within our very limited price range . Best thing is the wonderful job it does on taxes ! We have food items which are a totally different price than our non-food items and now I do n't have to go a bunch of extra steps at the end of the day . I also know what products are selling and making us money and which I can almost cut out or cut back on . Yeah - pushing the cash drawer to make it pop out can sometimes be a hassle , but one I 'm willing to deal with - I found it prints faster with new batteries -LRB- which by the way seem to last forever ! -RRB- . I replace the C batteries 2-3 times PER YEAR and we use the machine every weekend almost . The smaller batteries which hold the information of the PLU 's and such I do n't change very often -LRB- maybe 1x per year -RRB- . I am having a problem with the roller at this point - but it might just need to be replaced as it is now 2 years old . We are in the market for a 2nd one and recommend this one to a lot of people .
 The cash register does what it says it will . It is perfect for craft fairs , which it why we bought it Since it can run on batteries . It was easy to set up . The extra paper and ink rolls were a great incentive in the purchase . IT was packed very well , so appreciate that and came in a week of purchase . I would recommend to anyone . We 've had other vendors notice it and questioned where we puchased as could not find one in our town .
 We do several arts and crafts festivals each year . We use to just have a cash bag and then we got a black box to make change out of . It was such a hastle , no organization at all . With the Royal Cash register our money is organized . It 's so easy to make change and give reciepts if the customer wants one . Best of all is the reports feature for end of day reports for all transactions . We have only used it twice so far , but we 're still on the first set of batteries . The printing is a little slow but not so much as to be annoying . Documentation could be improved on . Other than that , we love it !
 This has been a workhorse item , using it at trade shows where no electrical connection was purchased . As a battery operated unit , it does the job well , even if it is a little tricky to program . Once you master that , it does a good job keeping track of what transactions you make and being able to give a customer a receipt adds to the experiencing of making a purchase with cash at open-market places . Put Duracells in it and it seems to run forever . Pardon the simplicity of the review , but if you get it for what it can do , operate independent of electrical connections , you will appreciate its abilities .
 This is an easy cash register to program . It took me about 5 minutes to program the date , time , & tax rate . This register is powered by 4 `` C '' batteries . It is a little slow on spinning receipts and the receipts are very generic - but so be it.We do trade shows . 110V Power costs extra -LRB- power cord is included just in case -RRB- , typically as much as the rent for 1 table -LRB- so bring extra batteries -RRB- . All in all I would say it rocks !
 I am very pleased with my Royal cash register and would purchase one again from this company
 I had problems with static on a Panasonic phone that I purchased and returned within 30 days . On the advice of family members , they suggested a Uniden phone , so I went ahead and purchased this model . The price was -LRB- ... -RRB- lower for this phone , and there is ABSOLUTELY NO STATIC ! The digital answering machine is of good quality sound wise .
 I have owned and used a lot of telephones over my 68 years and rate this equipment among the best . Recently I dropped it on a concrete floor , expecting it to shatter into pieces or at least become damaged . Result
 I tried several phones before deciding on this one . I thought a 2.4 GHz phone would be better but it is n't -LRB- and Consumer Reports confirm this -RRB- - this phone is well-made , well-priced , and is of great quality . The screen is very easy to read and the directions for set-up etc. are easy to follow . The only drawback is not being able to turn the ringer off . A very good buy .
 I bought this phone last week , and at first I did n't think I would like it , although it was very clear . I took it back and purchased a Panasonic model with caller id/call waiting . I had previously bought a Panasonic 900 mhz phone that was really clear . This Panasonic had a lot of static , which was very irritating . So , after two days , I returned the Panasonic and re-purchased the Uniden . I 've been very pleased with it . It is very clear and easy to use .
 This is by far the best cordless I have owned . It has lasted longer an held up better than all my past phones .
 I had my 2960 for a couple of years , ca n't remember the exact date I bought it . I have to say it was an excellent phone . Great reception , great range , great sound quality . ... Anyway this is an excellent phone . ... If you can find one ... BUY IT !!!
 It 's interesting to read the bad reviews ... to be honest . I first came across this phone when I got one for my parents more than 7 years ago . At the same time , my in-laws got another one . The phones worked so well , I ordered one online two years later for my home , and my in-laws a second set -LRB- they use one downstairs and the other upstairs without interference issues -RRB- . As for what I have read : Battery life
 This is a good phone for the price . Does what it says it does . The voice quality is clear and nice . 900MHz is less crowded spectrum now as the 2.4 G interfered with the wireless routers 802.11 b/g . The range is decent . I hope the battery lasts and also I hope it will be durable in the long run .
 I read several cordless phone reviews before deciding on this one . This phone has lots of features including a belt clip , a headset port , the built-in answering machine and caller id . I ca n't comment on the caller id , because I do not subscribe to that service . As for the answering machine though , I am pleased with it 's performance . As with most phones , you can call in and check your messages . The phone has built in instructions to help you once you 've entered your access number , so you do n't have to memorize complicated key presses to check your messages . The default phone message talks a bit slowly , but of course you can easily record your own message . I like the playback because you can speed up the messages without the voices sounding like unintelligible chipmunks . The playback also tells you the date and time the call was left AFTER it plays the message , which I find to be a real timesaver . The phone allows you to program in 10 numbers , which I found rather cumbersome to enter , but you should only have to do it once . Editing/Entering numbers requires some special keystrokes , and I always have to fetch the manual because I can never remember what they are . I find myself wishing I could save more than 10 phone numbers . A couple of pluses to the memory
 I tried a Bell South , AT&T and Sony phone and then choose to try this phone after investigating reviews on the internet . For the price , this is an excellent phone . It has a clearer reception than any of the above brands I mentioned about and the Bell South and AT&T phone was a 2.4 MHZ . Very easy to operate without having to push several buttons to delete caller ID . Nice clear answering machine . If it had a light that blinked when a person called or an alert it would be Superior in my opinion . In a nutshell , I 'm a satisfied customer with this phone and believe you would be also .
 I had a previous model of this register so it was just what I expected . Programing the department names is time consuming and it is difficult to label the department keys . Not sure how to improve it . The only thing I would like it to do that it ca n't is to record sales on account . I have a customer who settles up bi-monthly and I would like to be able to record the sale and show it as a receivable on the X and Z reading . Overall , very satisfied .
 ABSOLUTE ITEM , I LIKE TO WORK ON THIS ONE.HAVE SAME TYPES OF REGISTER IN ALL MY STORES.LOVELY , EASY PROGRAMMING AND EASY OPERATE.RECOMMENDING TO NEW BUYERS .
 I was very happy with the quick delivery service I received on this item . The item itself is top of the line and the price was good . Working very good and tech support is very helpful .
 Our local Thrift Store , 31/2 years old , supports a local homeless shelter . We have 80 volunteers who provide all the labor . There are no paid employees . We purchased a less expensive Royal Cash Register -LRB- 425CX -RRB- when we started business and it has served us very well , with many different volunteers using the machine six days per week . We wore out the machine but liked the way it functioned and decided to replace it with a better Royal model that uses a treated paper sales receipt that is fast and efficient . Our group loves the new machine and the price was right , no shipping charges , etc. . Our accountant tells us that the sales accounting features are excellent and that he has not found any computation errors , etc. .
 this cash register is excellent , they last for a long time . still using the first one i purchase 7 years ago .
 Have used this register for 2 months now and have had no problems . Would recommend this for any small business . It has all the features we need plus many more that we may use later .
 This is a quality cash register for use by our small retail establishment . The availability of three tax brackets is needed here in Charlotte . My only wish is that it would produce a hard copy of the register tape for later review . We do not have the capability to link the register to our small computer .
 it really works , is easy to use very friendly to learn and the most important things are all the functions and options you can get .
 The cash register is what I ordered and works fine , however , when I received it , the cover that shows the amount to customers was off , laying in the box . When I tried to put it back into place , it would n't fit ! After twenty frustrating minutes of this , I called my sister to come and help me . She eventually got it back on , but it was a struggle ! But I could n't package it back up and send it back as I was without a cash register . Very frustrating and because it was not as it should have been when I received it , I know wonder what else may be wrong with it !
 I 've purchased a number of Umbra items , and this bulletin board is just as innovative and quality-rich as everything else they make -LRB- that I 've found , anyway -RRB- . Not really sure about the complaint on the size ... I 'm not so sure what else they could do but post the dimension and provide photos ... ? But I 'm very happy with mine ! Highly recommend it for anyone who likes the option of using pins or magnets .
 I 've been wanting this bulletin board for a while . It 's so cute hanging next to my desk . Super easy to hang -LRB- has two bear claws on the back -RRB- and it comes with it 's own plain black mini magnets and silver thumbtacks.Update May 22nd : I just got another one . I wanted to comment on the person saying the board smells strongly of Formaldehyde . Smells make me sick to the point of throwing up or passing out
 I was looking for a thick cork bulletin board when I ran across the Umbra Magnet Pushpin Bulletin Board and decided it had everything I was looking for . I am very happy I did . I use it in my home office . It is not only attractive but functional . The small magnets hold lots of weight and the pushpins are easy to insert into the holes and stay . I store the extra magnets and pushpins on top and sides of the board to use when needed . I highly recommend it .
 The Umbra magnetic pushpin bulletin board designed by Erik Man is a beautiful addition to any room because it is very versatile . The industrial appearance is not the norm in my home , but used with another d&eacute;cor consistently , the industrial and modern works to update the look of a home . The smaller board would be nice to go somewhere near this larger one.When first opening the box , I was expecting larger but it is exactly as it says
 This is one of the classiest bulletin boards I have ever seen . The size is just right for me , and it works equally well with either pushpins or magnets . The little mightie magnets are fantastic with it . The perfect product for getting the small clutter off my desk and having it where I can find it .
 This looks really cool in my home office so much so that I bought 2 of themEven with the additional expense of 2 it was less expensive then what I was going to buy from a high end catalog that wasEven going to charge separately for the push pinsThis came with really cool magnets -LRB- more than you need -RRB- AND push pins . I wondered how that would workBut the metal frame covers the cloth portion but you ca n'tSee it . Ingenuise
 I was shopping on Amazon wondering whether I should get a cork board or a magnetic board to hang my miscellaneous papers on . After all , some things -LRB- like big papers -RRB- are good to pin because it would take multiple magnets to hold them , while others -LRB- like photographs -RRB- are better to use magnets on because they do n't leave holes . This magnetic pushpin board meant that I could get the best of both worlds ! The magnets it comes with are great ! They are strong enough to hold the papers well , and thick so it 's easy to take the magnets off of the board even if your fingernails are very short . The metal that the board is made of does not show fingerprints like some other magnetic boards do . It 's sturdy and highly-functional while looking sleek and cool . It fits in with any decor . Everything about this board is well-designed and thought-out , worth every penny . I am so happy with it that I hope to purchase a few more in the future .
 I love this product . The only issue I had with it was that I could n't use the sawtooth hanger that came with it since I was installing it on a slanted wall and had to use keyhole hangers . It 's lightweight and can be used with pushpins or magnets . The magnets included are very strong . Well worth the money and exactly what I was looking for ! Thanks Umbra !
 I wanted a funky bulletin board for my office , something that looked good in the room yet was functional . This fit the bill . Plus it is fun to use both the magnets that came in the package and my own magnets . Simple to hand on wall . Highly recommended .
 Have only good things to say about this product . Bought two and have one more on order because I like them so much . Only wish they came in bigger sizes .
 It 's not too big , not too small either . It is both magnetic AND has little holes so you can also pin !! I love how you have that choice because some things you just do n't want to poke holes in them . It comes with 12 little round magnets and 12 pins so you do n't even have to buy those seperately -LRB- unless you need more -RRB- . Worth the price : -RRB-
 The magnetic board is well-made . It is lightweight and easy to hang . I like the idea of using both magnets as well as pushpins in the same board . Its pretty cute . I have put it next to my study table .
 I was looking for a nice bulletin board or magnetic board to put small reminders and coupons on in the office when I came upon this . The price on this set me off for a bit while I looked at other options . Do n't bother wasting your time looking I ended up getting this in the end and would n't turn back . Its excellent quality that holds up well and gives me great option of using magnicks or pushpins .
 Originally I was looking for a simple cork bulletin board but stumbled across this . It 's a great product that works well and looks much cleaner than regular cork . It 's basically a cork board with an aluminum mesh around it . Check the sizes when you order , they are on the smaller side . Great board though , I would buy again .
 It 's a bulletin board and a magnetic board all in one and it LOOKS really sleek !! I really wanted a bulletin board for my office but I hate those beige corkboards -- aesthetically , they drive me bonkers . I found this on Amazon , and for a few extra dollars I made the right decision . The bulletin board looks really nice and the magnets it comes with are SUPER strong.Very very very happy with this purchase .
 I 've always wanted a bulletin board like this one , and when I saw it on Amazon ... well I decided to scoop it up . I purchased the larger one available because I felt the smaller one was a bit too small . I love the little holes in it which allow me to use push pins as well as little magnets . By the way this board comes with both . Very nice . I love it to keep inspirational photos for my jewelry designs , as well as little reminder notes for things I do n't want to forget . It leans against a wall on my desk so I can always see it , and keeps me from writing things on small pieces of paper I ca n't find when I need them ! I highly recommend it to keep a busy surface paper and clutter free ! I almost forgot to mention how sleek and cool it looks , too . Very modern ...
 I purchased this to use as a display for our son 's graduation party & then as something he can take to his dorm with him . It 's a great size & the fact that you can use the magnets OR pushpins , is great although I think the magnets worked a lot more effortlessly . Great organization with style .
 I bought the display board for use in classes I teach as a volunteer to a retirement community . It 's good quality and very useful .
 The quality of the product is good . However did not realized it is a very small board for the price of $ 40 . Did not pay too much attention to the dimensions .
 This board is attractive and extremely useful . It never looks like I use it as much as I do or worn out . Many people admire it when they see it .
 This is actually the 2nd of these boards I have bought !! Love it !! I bought both of them for in my son 's room for above his desk ! Both he & I both really like that you can either use a push pin or a magnet to hold papers , photos , etc on them .
 We 're a busy family of four and always loosing invitaiton , coupons etc. . This is perfect and gives us a place keep track of important reminders .
 This Umbra bulletin board arrived quick and without any issues . I love that it comes with 8 pushpins and 8 magnets . Looks stylish and modern . Would definitely recommend to others seeking a bulletin board .
 This bulletin board is perfect for the person tired of the typical cork board or for someone who wants the best of both worlds -- a board you can use pushpins or magnets with . Would be nice if it came with about 10 more magnetic pushpins and , stylish/modern as the silver finish is , if you could get it in other colors or a stylized pattern . The small magnets are pretty sturdy -- I can use one magnet to ` tack ' up to several pieces without the magnet falling off or pages . Worth the price , and plan on ordering a few more .
 Fantastic board - magnets of all kinds work on it and the push pins are great too . We love it now that we have a stainless steel refrigerator - we had to find another way to display our photos and messages . Would be great if it were a little larger , longer . More space would be nice
 I have several bulletin boards in this series , and love them . They look great and still look new a couple of years later . Very clean looking . You can use tacks or magnets .
 Needed a bulletin board when my new frig is n't magnetic . Like the way this looks , and also the option of using either the pushpins provided , or a magnet -- both the ones provided as well as my own . Good value , too .
 This magnetic board looks great in my office . Cork is so traditional , I wanted something that would jive with my home office style and hold all my random paper junk . The great thing is that you can use magnets or push pins -LRB- included -RRB- . Love it !
 I could not find this product in my area , so I relied on Amazon once more and could not be happier with the nickel magnetic bulletboard . It is exactly what I wanted .
 I was originally looking for a corkboard to hang jewelry on but when I came across this I fell in love . Now , I can use both push pin hooks and magnetic ones ! I use -LSB- ... -RSB- Homz Magnetic Hooks , which are super strong , to hold heavier necklaces and -LSB- ... -RSB- A&W ; J-Hook Push Pins , which have a lovely retro look , to hold lighter necklaces . I was worried how all the hardware might look on the board but I love it , and in my opinion it looks much better than a standard old cork board - it 's very sleek and modern looking , I love it !
 I am so happy that I bought this ! I was also pleasantly surprised that it came with push pins and magnets . It is very modern looking and matches very well with my apartment ! I was hesitant at first but I am very pleased . I would def recommend this product .
 I hung two of these side by side on my kitchen wall to display photos . The tiny magnets keep the photos attached neatly without letting the paper curl . It looks very neat and has eliminated that messy refrigerator look .
 I bought the large board -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- and I am incredibly happy with my purchase . My bulletin board shipped in 2 days without damage , dents or warping . The large board is a perfect size -LRB- I was afraid it might be too big -RRB- and looks very modern . The board came with great quality tacks -LRB- 12 -RRB- , strong magnets -LRB- 12 -RRB- and the core is a self-healing black rubber that makes the board super sturdy ! I recommend this bulletin board to everyone !
 I really like that I can use magnets and push pins on this bulletin board . It just went on sale for almost half what I paid for it . Even at the higher price , I do n't regret buying it .
 This is a great alternative to a traditional bulletin board . It looks a bit `` industrial '' and weighs a bit more than I expected , but both the magnets and the push pins work great .
 I bought 2 of these to replace my old fashioned material-covered cork bulletin board in my sewing closet . I like to have my pattern instruction guide right where I can see it while I sew . They are modern and stylish . You can either use magnets or stick pins to place your papers on them . I am thinking of buying another 1 or 2 so my grandsons can put magnetic letters and numbers on them , while sitting on the couch with me .
 Very sleek and good looking . Great that it works with push pins or magnets .
 Wonderful , streamline and easy to use . Smell was not an issue and the magnets are strong . We ordered extra magnets and am glad I did .
 I would rate it five stars if the packaging had been better . One corner was badly dented on arrival and I needed it for Christmas.It is very handy since it works with pins and magnets .
 This board works very well for small organizational needs . It will not replace a large white board , not will it substitute for a large cork board . I have it in my office for the employee phone list , my daily todo , and quick notes . That 's all it has room for . My white board covers the heavy note taking .
 Works well as a pushpin board and magnetic board . Blends well with all office styles but is perhaps at its best in modern or residential ofices where it is funcional without appearing ugly too &#34; utilitarian &#34;
 This is the perfect bulletin board . It 's great because you can use both push pins and magnets , and sometimes I like to throw on some photographs but not have to stick a push pin in them . Highly recommend this item .
 Sleek & Functional - just perfect ! Looks great
 I wanted a place to put all the &#34; stuff &#34; we normally put on the refrigerator and this Bulletin Board is perfect ! We hung it on the back of the pantry door so it 's accessible but we do n't see the clutter . We use both the magnets -LRB- stronger than they look -RRB- & the pushpins . The board is very attractive too - Thank you !
 I love these boards ! I recently remodeled my kitchen , including a stainless steel fridge & I did n't want to put magnets all over it like I did with my old one . Purchased 2 of these so that I would still have a place to put invites , photos , schedules , etc. in my kitchen . The stainless steel look of these boards fits in perfectly with my whole kitchen scheme , and they come with push pins & magnets . Since I put them on the side of my floor-to-ceiling cabinet for my built-in double wall ovens , I can almost recreate the original space of my refrigerator-front . In fact , I just ordered a 3rd one for that purpose . It was n't exactly cheap , but I think they are worth it . Look fantastic -LRB- kind of elegant & modern at the same time -RRB- , are very versatile , and spare me ruining my new refrigerator ! One corner of one board was pushed in a little , but it does n't bother me . They do n't smell of formaldehyde or anything for that matter .
 This arrived in perfect condition . It was just what we wanted , can use with pushpins and magnets , very versatile . Quality is good , easy to install .
 For the price , what do you expect ? Well , you get a lot more than you think . I 've owned two of them . The first lasted about a year before my kids broke it , and the 2nd is still going strong now for about 6 months.Pro : Nice lookIncredible valueAnnounces caller ID number . No getting up from the couch for a call from the in-laws . Hold function w / music!Plays a tone instead of ringing after announcing the caller IDToo many other features to mention.Con : Ca n't replace the handset cord . It 's built in to the handeset.Speaker phone is n't very loudUses batteries -LRB- mine lasted 6 months before replacing -RRB- Does n't make a good clock , because the time is displayed really small , compared to the year , which is really big
 This was a gift for my wife . She was thrilled . Would recommend to anyone who enjoys Monroe memorabilia .
 This is easy to assemble and good ergonomically . The edges are smooth . I did not assemble the CPU tray . Remember that it will occupy 3 feet in depth , so if you have space shortage , this is not the product - there is a laptop table from Balt which I was considering before this , which will be more appropriate . The height adjustment is in 2-3 inch steps , it is not continuous adjustment . It is fairly sturdy and does n't shake with normal activity , though there can be a minor movement at the center .
 received the product very quick and was in excellent condition . So glad I purchased it here and not in the store ! Thanks
 This book is what I needed . I 'm a teacher who needs to record test scores and records.It 's nice to know Amazon has a lot of items that I need .
 I love this phone ! It 's so easy to use . Set up was a breeze ! And that 's saying alot , because I 'm no mental giant when it comes to electronics ! LOL . This phone is durable and has lasted about two years . And I have n't had to change the battery yet ! So there you have it ! A short and sweet review about another great product I 've purchased from Amazon ! Happy shopping !!!
 Waterman is the best writing instrument that money can buy . who would need anything else.this pen writes like a ball point very strong and can read hard enough for a carbon check , dup. , very nice looking pen , rich looking , with black and gold.i recommend this pen for writing allot . very balanced and love the refill the pen yourself.i give this pen a 5 star writing instrument . like writing a book would be great with this pen.or paying bills . a bottle of ink goes a long way beleive me . with a gold nib , and one person user.this pen can last a life time . thanks for listening , i have 6 different waterman fountain pens and roller balls too.only pen to buy . thanks Ronn of Denver , Co , USA .
 I purchased this VoIP speakerphone to talk with friends using my computer.You are instructed to download Skype first , then install the disk , connectyour TVP-SP2 and complete the process.When installing the phone , you are notified there is a more recent versionof Skype available , and asks if you want to install it . DO NOT . The diskwill install v2 .5 of Skype . The current is v4 .0.0.226 which you alreadyinstalled per TRENDnet 's instructions prior.The correct default audio device to use is USB Audio Device in XP ControlPanel , Sounds and Devices , OR you will disable the PC speakers , and audioplays thru the TVP-SP2 speaker instead . The 3.5 mm jacks for installing theheadset of your choice frees a USB port , and the audio quality is good . Aexternal 5VDC power supply adapter is an option , but not critical becausethe TVP-SP2 uses the 5V source of the USB port to function.So far it seems to work well w/Skype , and will try it with Yahoo Messengernext . Using w/Microsoft LifeCam NX-3000 and the video works . You can keepthe display lit holding down the # key , and the LCD display does give yougood status and connection indicators . Skype has low-cost calling featureswhich can connect you to landline and cellphones around the world when youset up an account.I recommend the TVP-SP2 for cost , ease of use and installation -LRB- above -RRB- andthe extensive features and options available using Skype with it . It seemscompatible with my XP SP3 using a cable broadband connection . You cannotuse this for dial-up , not enough bandwidth for the application to run andyou definitely need high speed for a videocam to work , if you want to use .
 I have n't read too much about this unit and when I received it on the box you could read Windows XP but no Windows 7 . Got disappointed first but I decided to give it a shot . Windows 7 detected automatically the multiple functionalities and install the drivers perfectly . I 'm running Windows 7 x64 and it was able to find the drivers online with no problems . I installed then the software which integrates with Skype and same thing , installed with no issues . After 5 min I was able to call using this unit and skype . The speaker is can be really loud , the microphone works well and you can get information on your calls directly on the device -LRB- time spent , ... -RRB- . You can also scroll from the device your contacts and choose to pick up the phone or hang up from it . It has a mute button which I like while somebody put me on wait or if I am in a conference call.I 'm really impressed so far by this little device ... so much that I ordered another one for work ; o -RRB- A couple of things for the set up . Make sure to allow Skype to use this device and make sure you select the USB audio device in it for the microphone and speaker otherwise it would not work.A + for Trendnet !
 This is a fantastic budget solution to CD labelmaking . For those of you who do n't have the cash to buy the new HP laser scribe towers or the Epson printer which prints directly on CD 's , this offers an affordable option to CD labeling . I have experienced some locking up while designing labels , however , I was able to limp along and complete the task I was working on . The labels turned out really great , not the most user friendly software in centering and bending text around the shape of the CD , but I was able to get it done and the labels looked professional because I was meticulous while designing .
 This software is easy to use . I have been using Memorex CD/DVD Labelmaker and software for about 2yrs . I use a Lexmark 4 in 1 printer and my CD/DVD labels turn out great .
 This card stock was much nicer than I imagined it would be for the price . I was trying to come up with a creative idea for wedding programs for a bride on a shoestring budget and an odd choice of wedding colors -LRB- black teal , turquoise and ivory -RRB- when I happened upon the Bison Storefront.Not only did I receive the paper next day , due to their relative proximity , but the paper was as close to accurate as one might imagine for an uncalibrated monitor . I am thrilled but most importantly , so is my customer . I will definitely shop with them again .
 It is a copy paper that catches your eye . It has little flecks of color throughout the paper and anything you print on it really sets it off . It is great for making up fliers and poster type stuff or just for around the house type printing . Thanks Amazon.com for bringing me another cool product .
 I am happy with the product . I already ordered different colors . However , I did n't expect it to be so bright !! Hot pink.I got a wrong color for my project . Also , I ordered this product to make flower origami which makes it easier to fold . Amazon still has the best price !!! .
 Paper was fine . Package was a bit torn up , but the paper was fine . It arrived on time as promised .
 I use this product all the time to send my art portfolio as well as proposals for art installations in new construction projects . My presentations always arrive in pristine condition .
 I 've been using Wausau 's AstroBright 's papers for about 14 years now , mostly for flyers in college and such . I purchased them this time around for silent auction bid sheets . They are high quality and come in vibrant colors . My favorite -LRB- and seemingly most effective -RRB- is the Terra Green , followed by their Orange and Yellow colors . The neons just seem to pop and get people 's attention . Plus , the green is incredibly unique ; I have seldom seen anyone use anything close to it . I do n't know what else I can say about paper other than this is wonderful and I 'll continue to buy it -LRB- wherever it 's least expensive , normally on Amazon -RRB- .
 I ordered the Wausau Paper AstroBright Color Laser/Inkjet Paper because one of my new employees had an issue with the color orange that I was using before . The color is amazing and makes all my black and stand out . It is luminescent!The best thing about this order was that I received it so quickly . I ordered it on Sunday and it came in on Wednesday . This was with Super Saver Free Shipping . The sad part is , the rest of my order has n't shipped yet and will probably not be here for another week . That included some very important things that we need .
 I use Astrobright paper for my high school history students who have a tendency to lose papers . If the paper is important , I always put it on a sheet of Astrobright paper . My students love the bright colors and how strong the paper is , so it can get knocked around in a teenager 's bookbag .
 Yo people boost is for people who dose n't use their cell phones a lot . For .20 cents a minute and .10 cents N&W ; i say its pretty cheap compared to other pre-paid phone companies . Example
 Much cheaper than other Sony machine . Works fine -- then again , I was n't looking for anything fancy . Do n't have problems with the speakerphone or message recording as the others did . I like the dual keypads .
 We try 4 cordless phones before this one , and they always had problems . Finally we decided to buy the simplest , and we bought this Sony . IT WAS GREAT ! We have had it for 2 years , and it is really the best . It is a shame Sony does n't do phones anymore . They are REALLY GOOD .
 I recieved this phone as a Christmas gift . I have never had a problem with it . The volume I thought was actually a little louder than that of a Uniden that I presently own . And the ringing options are just like ones that V-Tech uses . Maybe it 's because my phone is the SPP-N1004 . The only difference is that mine is blue and silver . But I find this phone to have a great talk time , and has even been better than A V-Tech 900Mhz digital phone that I used to own .
 When I received the Hammermill 81/2 by 14 sized paper in the mail , I was amazed at just how much quality the paper had . It had such a soft quality to it that it almost felt like photo paper . This is a very good product for printing music out on . I am a music major who was just finishing a symphonic band score and this professional style paper made my score shine and glisten . Very nice product for a very reasonable price . I would n't mind buying Hammermill products again .
 We are very satisfied with the quality of the printer paper . It does very well in the printer with no wrinkles and no smudges .
 This paper conveys quality without seeming too heavy or wasteful.The silky smooth finish -LRB- not glossy -RRB- is the best part . It 's a little heavier than economy 20 lb paper.Works nicely in ink jet printers too.I always have a few reams on hand to use when quality paper matters.Don ' t confuse this with `` HammerMill Ultra Premium Laser Paper '' which is inexplicably a step down in brightness and smoothness from this paper . - - - Pricing - - - Amazon has multiple listings for this paper . Look around for the best price .
 Never had a problem with Hammermill paper . Always of high quality.There was a slight tear in the wrapping , but not a problem for me .
 I needed some 24 lb legal size paper , and the office supply stores do not stock it anymore . The brightness was not important to me , but the 98 spec looks good . It is unfortunate in my view that office supply stores do not carry it , but Amazon comes through with hard-to-find things for me quite often , and at a very competitive price . What more can you say about a pack of paper ?? I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 The local office supply stores seem to sell cheap `` junk '' paper in legal size and thanks to Amazon for carrying the quality , and nicely bright and smooth texture of legal laser paper . This is my source for all paper ... delivered to my door !
 They are great for my office space . They store things nicely and are not unsightly . They make my home office space more manageable - and stylish .
 For the novice and experienced collector both , this book is Andy 's finest yet . By dividing out the US and UK manufacturers , this book provides even greater detail and scale images , as well as historical reference of vintage and modern pens from all of the significant pen makers of the last 100 years . The images -LRB- both photos and line images -RRB- are the best available to-date , and an invaluable reference to the serious collector .
 Andreas Lambrou has once again produced an authoritative text on fountain pens . It is relatively comprehensive and has spectacluar photographs and line drawings . This is an excellent guide to learn the history of fountain pens and to identify fountain pens . While there can be no doubt that Mr. Lambrou cares very much about fountain pens , this does not come through in his prose style . Writing is straightforward and clear , but does not connect fountain pens to social history , industrial design , or the just plain joy of writing . Inclusion of several pages on the work of Classic Pens , Mr. Lambrou 's own firm , which are of limited interest is a questionable decision .
 This and other Lambrou books have been described as invaluable references for the collector . I agree , for the most part . The photos and line drawings in this volume are excellent and the text gives detailed history of each manufacturer 's models and variations within models . What is missing is a value guide for the pens listed . I 'm sure the most serious collectors find such information unnecesary , but I believe that newer or more casual collectors would find pricing benchmarks useful as they muddle through eBay and other auction sites .
 A book full of nice pictures and detailing . Makes you wish to collect more and more . For fountain pen lovers .
 I have a tough time finding these for under $ 10 , but this is the best price for Cross OEM refills . Way to go !
 I had a pen where I was having difficulty getting the refills . The refills came quickly , and work great . I no longer need to run around town looking for refills
 At my University we are required to print our dissertation on 100 % cotton paper for archival quality . This paper worked great , and it was inexpensive enough that I printed my own copy and my advisers copy on it as well . My only complaint -LRB- and four instead of five stars -RRB- is that the water mark is not in the same place on every page and it is pretty large . Personally I would have preferred a smaller water mark and more consistency in its placement . But for the price , I can deal with not loving it.If you are using this to print your thesis , I recommend going to a local printing shop -LRB- the kind that can make up business cards and restaurant menus -RRB- instead of a place like Staples to print your final copy . They are cheaper and may even already have the paper in stock . If not , you can do what I did and just buy the paper and mail it to them to use . *** Update *** After I received the bound final copy of my thesis , I hardly could notice that the watermark is not in the same place everywhere . It is something you notice only on the blank pages . After all , your so busy looking at the content who really looks at the paper?My final opinion is that the bound copy looks great with this paper and I am very pleased with my choice .
 This was a quality cotton paper to print my master 's thesis on . It looks very nice , and I have also found it useful for printing resumes on . If you are using an inkjet printer with this paper , it is important to note that it can still smudge . It would be a good idea not to move the paper around or thumb through the document right after it comes out of the printer . I have also found that , with an inkjet printer , it may also shed a little bit onto the back of other pages in a document . Not a really big deal , just a minor annoyance . Again , if you are using an inkjet printer , it might be advantageous to handle with care and separate the pages until they are completely dry .
 Nice quality and simple . Perfect size , not too big like many . Easy and quick order/shipment . I am also adding decorative red beads to the black ribbon for a pop .
 Perfect for my Grandma 's 90th birthday celebration . It looks classy , but is n't too fancy . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I now have voice mail , caller ID and call waiting with one of those `` total solution '' plans from the phone company . This phone handles all three of those services wonderfully ! It has an indicator on it -LRB- even though it 's not an answering machine -RRB- that you have voice mail messages , as well as a special button to push to access the voice mail system . It has a lighted caller ID display that also works with call waiting -LRB- when you 're on another call , it beeps and shows the ID of the incoming call -RRB- . The base also has a speaker phone , so you can stay on hold without using your hands . And the Panasonic cordless technology is the best , worth paying a little extra for .
 I 've had this phone for 2 years now and I have to find fault with it . An excellent `` no frills '' phone that would not dissapoint the value buyer .
 I am very pleased with the desk and the service I received . My order was acknowledged and shipped immediately .
 Not too big , fit well on the desktop , and looks nice . If you 're looking for a simple fax machine that saves space and blends with the white desktop , this is it . Most of these types of stand alone fax machines are a thing of the past , as they are usually part of all-in-one machines these days .
 It is a good thermal fax machine.If it can apply even thinner fax paper , it would even better.But I love it
 I am very satisfied with this product . It was priced well below what I was prepared to pay . The only drawback is the fact that I ca n't put it on `` hold '' and talk hands free the way I could with my last fax/telephone . At least I have n't found a way to do it yet .
 This is our second Brother Fax Machine . This first lasted 15 years ! My husband learned how to clean the mirrors inside and was able to keep it running like a pro . We loved our old machine because it used the roll of paper rather than the sheets . A fax of any size could and can come in with no change to the paper . So far , this machine works exactly the same way . . It is economical , space saving , and pretty much maintenance free . We looked at many fax machines , but chose to go back to this model for its ease in working .
 This product is an excelent one very economicaland easy to use.Only drawback is if you need to store fax recieved for long time you would have to photocopy on regular plain paper.The 275 last for years and outlasts many of the more modern plain paper fax maCHINES.COSTS A LITTLE MORE BUT IT IS WORTH IT , WOULDNT TRADE MY BROTHER275 FOR ANYTHING .
 not meant for office use.it is not sturdy as other big machines . Good for home use only . otherwise it is great value for your money .
 is great for home use . It 's very easy to setup and the directions are straight to the point . Fax quality is wonderful for a little fax machine like this and makes good quality photocopies of documents . If you want a fax machine for minor faxing and great value for your money , I would suggest this .
 The small FAX275 personal fax and phone is a great value - not onlyfor faxing ... . But you may use it for E-mail too . The 10 programmableOne-Touch keys plus 15 Speed-Dial buttons make it easy to poll yourE-mail from services like `` Yahoo! by Phone '' and others . Mywife do n't like computers but she like to receive E-mail through thisFAX275 machine . For less than ... we got a fax - phone - E-mailcenter , ordered on November 7th 2000 - arrived and installed -LRB- it ` sthat easy -RRB- on November 9th 2000 and now in use - for faxing and MUCHmore . Sincerely - Jan A. Loeffler , Yes2Art.com originator
 Bought this after using older version with no problems for ~ 10 years.No ink cartridges needed.Works well with manual answering machine.Small footprint.Has speakerphone , caller ID , speed dial , redial , makes copies and more.This nicer , updated version did not disappoint and appears to be another dependable workhorse and good value by Brother .
 This fax/telephone is simplicity itself . It is great for light-duty , infrequent faxing -- exactly what I need for a home machine . No ink-jets to dry out if it stands inactive for a while . It is also extremely light weight . It 's a pity that it has been discontinued . I 'm buying a second one to have as a backup machine -- I hate the new , 10-ton wonders that have a million complicated functions I do n't need . I hope some smart manufacturer -- perhaps Brother themselves -- will put it back into production . In my search for this one , I spoke to many sympathetic friends & colleagues who were sorry this kind of machine is no longer readily available .
 I get so much garbage faxes everyday . Did not want to deal with expensive paper or toner . I buy cheap roll of paper and that 's it . No worries . I make a copy if I need to keep it . If I need an excellent copy , I 'll ask for email . This is an inexpensive work horse . Ca n't find them in stores anymore .
 These `` oldfashioned '' fax machines with thermal paper have kept one extremely useful feature that seems to have been lost in the new plain-paper machines , at least according to their descriptions and specifications as found on the internet
 Fax machine works great.You do n't need a extra line or a other phone number.Machine has a mode that is fax/phone . Only one thing you can not use regular paper.The paper has to be purchase from Brother Company . Two rolls cost about $ 25.30 . With that being said it is still worth it . If you are like me that receive more faxes than sends them it is worth buying .
 Works OK . Has limited features . Ca n't shorten paper length to match amount of faxed data . Features match cost I guess
 I purchased the Panasonic KX-TG2550F -LRB- Blue -RRB- throughAmazon . ... . Having read so many conflicting reviews on the Panasonic 2.4 GHz cordless phones my biggest concern was the voice quality and range . This phone just blew me and my wife away . We were able to try side by side comparisons with a regular 900Mhz phone by VTEC which we have always considered a good phone . This Panasonic model was so far superior on quality and range that there really was no comparison . I could walk down the street and the voice quality was absolutely perfect where the 900Mhz would not work at all . In the house , which is a large two story , there was no place that the sound quality was not perfect . Programming in the 30 memory numbers was quick and easy . I felt that the phone was intuitive to use with many neat features . Additionally the styling and color blue is very modern . Since we live in the mountains and often might be outside when someone calls this phone answers a need just perfectly . Where the 900Mhz VTEC would be filled with static this Panasonic simply sounds like a wired phone . I would recommend this phone to anyone who has any static or range problems with a 900Mhz phone .
 I did n't know how far cordless technology had come until I finally broke down and purchased this phone . All my previous experiences with corless phones have been less than satisfying . The range on this phone is awesome . I can take it with me to the pool 100 yards away and it sounds like I 'm using it 10 feet from the base . The caller I.D. function woks well and the phone is small enough that if you are used to talking on a cellular , this is the phone for you . I only wish the base could be wall mounted , but that is minor compared to the overall sound quality of this phone .
 Reading reviews helped me decide on this model phone that is n't available at ` brick & mortar '' stores.This phone has excellent sound clarity , it 's powerful , and it 's easy to set up.What I really like about it is this -- Most cordless and cell phones are designed to be so small that you need a microscope and a pair of needle nose pliers ! This is a good sized phone , sturdy , and a wide ear piece . You wo n't regret this purchse , I did n't ! : -RRB-
 I love this phone ! I have no idea what these other people are talking about . I owned a Uniden 900Mhz that would produce unbearable static levels when I was two feet from the base . Finally though trial and error I figured out that the problem was that the base was too close to my computer monitor and the magnetic field from the monitor was causing the static . The Panasonic 2.4 is unaffected by where the base or the handset is located and I think it 's the best phone ever made . A friend of mine has the same model and we laugh we love our phones so much . Between the two of us we 've had two dozen other models before this one and we both agree that this one far outperforms all of the others , not even close . You people with the out of range problems need to locate the base somewhere other than on top of your TV , microwave or the bottom of your pool .
 Never had - or have seen - any better wireless . Just name the field
 This phone was well worth the wait for it to become available and the high price -LRB- MSRP -RRB- I paid for it!I can literally walk around my block while keeping a call going , and the battery strength indicator on the handset is an invaluable tool to let me know when recharging is needed.My only complaint is a software issue within the phone ; after using the phone for any length of time , then hanging up , you have to wait around 20 to 30 seconds to allow the phone to go back into standby mode in order to use the built-in phone directory for your next call . This is a strange quirk , and frustrating if you need to make quick back-to-back phone calls from your directory . You may however simply direct-dial another number at any time to avoid this little glitch . Hoping they corrected this problem with the new KX-TG2553 series.Otherwise a truly fantastic phone !
 I bought this phone for the 2.4 Ghz . to prevent others from hearing as I could hear my neighbors coordless phones with my old Sony coordless and its range . Initially I had it in my last apartment and the range was really bad , not more than 20 yards ! It was near a wall , but not obstructed . I have since moved to a house and guess what ? It 's against a wall and obstructed but I can go for more than 100 yards and reception is crystal clear . The phone is rugged as I have dropped it repeatedly and it still works.As for the bad points I can say this :1 . - The user interface stinks , it is complicated to redial for example , and also to program the phone .2 . - Battery life is really , really poor . It will not go beyond 2 hours talk time even near the base.Hope this helps you make an informed buy
 Well , let me first start by saying that this phone is really worth it 's cost!It 's sleak , nice design is really attracting ... that 's what caught my eyes.But although this phone may appear to be `` all of that '' ... it is not !! For example , the battery life is said to be 8 hours talk time near the base , but I only get about four and a half -LCB- approx . -RCB- . Also , this phone is hard to program ... you have to first STUDY the manual before you can make a move . But otherwise , besides those minor problems , this phone is a high-Tech piece of machinery !!
 I DO N'T OWN THIS MODEL BUT AT WORK I USE IT ALL THE TIME . ITS SIMPLE AND HAS MANY FEATURES . IF I WERE TO BUY ONE THIS IS IT . IT EVEN CUTS THE LABEL FOR YOU AND CHANGING THE TAPE IS AS SIMPLE AS 1-2-3 . IF YOU NEED A GOOD LABELER CERTAINLY BUY THIS ONE .
 I work in a public library and we use the 2400 to make the call numbers to attach to our materials - it 's wonderful ! We process about 1,000 items a month and this machine has never let us down because it 's a real workhorse . It 's one of those products that has performed exceedingly well in everyday use over many years and I highly recommend purchasing it , particularly becasue it is such a good value.Over the past 8 years , we have used a variety of Brother label machines and I intend to continue using them for a long , long time .
 An excellent label printer . I have had this for many years now and it works great .
 This unit has a full assortment of bells and whistles , but you can ignore them and use the default/automatic settings and still have great results for many label needs.The unit has a number of preprogrammed formats for such things as file folder labels that help give consistent results.The automatic tape cut off is a nice feature.Be sure to get the AC adapter since battery life , especially when printing large size fonts will be a disappointment . The price of the adapter seems a little high which is why I rate the product 4 rather than 5 stars.The keyboard is easy to use and the process is fast enough that I see no need to have one of the more expensive versions that interfaces to a PC.All in all it has been everything I expected it to be .
 I wanted a lebeller that was easy to use , not messy and the labels did NOT come off . Well , I found it!Simple , Type it , label it . Mirror , lots of fonts , different tape sizes . . to change simple remove and insert ,2 seconds what could be simpler?The automatic tape cutter is easy and necessary especially if little ones go fiddling . NO cuts for those precious little fingers.The one minus is ... I can not FIND anywhere that sells the recommended adaptor . -LRB- ... -RRB- ... so I am using batteries . It 's been 7 months and I have labelled the light switches -LSB- now if only they would glow in the dark I would be ecstatic ! Something for Brother to consider -RSB- , drawers at home and at work , my daugher 's toys , bags , computers , electronic equipment , CD cases , furniture -LSB- yeah call me labelholic or obsessive but since I am renting I can keep track of my items when it is time to move -RSB- and still have the same batteries that the system came with.What else can I say ? The labels are really professional looking . The lamination is excellent . RED on white is really nice . It stands out and you can see it from a mile away . BLACK on white is equally good . Size ... 12mm = 1/2 inch is really handy for all purpose labelling.Oh by the way , that little tool that comes with the system to separate the lables is a MUST have to avoid getting an MI separating the adhesive strip . I am very staisfied . You will be too . Good price , good buy .
 This is my second unit after I gave the first one to my wife . Although I can not rate it excellent in every aspect , I can say this is a very useful tool . I like it especially for the opportunity to review pronunciation in a very simple way . It sounds a little bit weird , but it is acceptable.The display contrast ratio does not always allow good reading conditions and the speaker volume is not too high , but the possibility to use headphones improves the understandability of the spoken words.The possibility to carry a dictionary and a thesaurus in a very portable unit turns this device into a very useful tool , and it is definitely worth the money .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband and he is still raving about it a year later . Extremely easy to use .
 The Franklin speaking dictionary i purchased was in mint condition and delivered on schedule . I am happy with my purchase and it serves it 's purpose . The only issue I have is the speaking voice coming out from the speaker is not very clear . Perhaps in the future the audio sound and clarity of the speaker can be improved but overall I am satisfied with the service and product
 I bought this dictionary as a Christmas present for my wife as she is devoted reader . She totally Loves it and is very thankful for my thoughtfulness .
 I feel compelled to write my own review concerning this product , cuz I based my decision on buying this on reviews that I read about it . I think it 's a wonderful tool for language lovers . I easily thumb through it more than I did my big heavy weight dictionary . The fact that it has an easy search feature that allows you to check up words you come across when trying to find the meaning of another word is really great . Sometimes you want the definition of a word , but the word that describes that word is unknown as well , but here , you can highlight the new word and check it out straight up . I 'll give it a 4 because it 's not perfect , it needs a cover for one , but mine has n't scratched . It should n't if you do n't throw it on the floor or write with a razor on it . It 's not backlighted , but a lot of times that you need it , you 're reading and that 's not usually in the dark , hopefully . The speakers are not the loudest , but put it close to your ear and you will hear clearly what it says . One of the reasons I got this is because I am learning English as a second language , I am grateful it actually talks and I can hear it clearly enough . Overall , I think it 's a great tool for students and anybody trying to improve their vocabulary . Good luck . Andrew
 Got this for my wife and she love it too . But the speaking dictionary does sound a bit robotic to me . I am not the user of this unit so I gave it a 5 star cause that 's what my wife said she would rate it . Personally , I would give it a 4 star .
 The Franklin SCD-1890 Electronic Dictionary is THE electronic dictionary to have in your reading and writing arsenal . This small electronic powerhouse draws on 3 reference resources from Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary , 11th Edition The end result
 `` speller & dictionary in one and talks to me '' Small enough to put in my purse or pocket . Large enough to see the words . Talks to me to says the words - mostly clear . Regular batteries that I can buy .
 This is a great product except for the `` speaking '' feature . While the rest of the features continue to work with full power after a few applications the speaker gets weak and then disappears altogether . I would recommend a glare free screen as well . It has to be viewed from various angles at times under different lighting conditions . It has numerous features and overall is a good design .
 This is my fourth Franklin dictionary and I ` ve retired the first one . I gave my oldest daughter the second one , my youngest daughter the third one -LRB- SCD 1890 -RRB- and I kept the fourth one -LRB- SCD 2100 -RRB- which has more definitions , antonyms and synonyms . I needed the one with the most info because I read for the blind occasionally on WLRN Radio Reading Service.These are excellent tools and I wish they were around fifty years ago . 5 Stars + .
 This is a good product , will serve any future buyer well . Great transaction . Note that the word search does n't seem to work in the quotations section . But the item has a real good dictionary .
 Although I 'm pretty proficient in English I 'm making use of the dictionary quite frequently when reading more descerning literatur.I am German , so it 's just the more understandable that I like thiseasy to use and handy electronic wordbook .
 I loved this product . I just wish the screen was easier to read at times .
 It 's great it does all that I need it to do and more.Franklin SCD-1890 Speaking Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary , 11th Edition
 I bought this electronic dictionary for the purpose of improving my vocabulary and for the convenience of looking up words while reading without having to walk over to the computer . This goal is realized effectively in the SCD-1890 . The Franklin SCD-1890 has a very user-friendly interface , is small enough to carry in ones backpack without problems -LRB- it 's about the size of a small book -RRB- and its vocabulary , though not by any means exhaustive -LRB- the forbidding size of the English vocabulary makes this impractical -RRB- it contains almost all of the words I 've looked up . The definitions are clear , and I like the fact that the etymologies of the words are included.The games and flashcard functions , though not particularly interresting , are useful for educational time-killing . I have used them , for example , when I 've found myself sitting in a waiting room , or in a long line.The 5-language translator is , as are most products of the kind I have seen , almost useless . If you are interrested in an electronic dictionary for translation purposes , look elsewhere.As for the grammar guide , I have found it useful as a quick reference while on the go , but it does not replace a good grammar book.The only real complaint I have about this product is the fact that there is no screen cover , nor any protective sleeve . I can easily see the screen accidentally getting dropped and cracked in the normal course of use -LRB- judging by the amount of times I 've dropped my TI-89 and probably been saved by the fact that it has a very sturdy cover -RRB- .
 The light was very poor when I received the unit . Contrast is adjustable which solved this issue . My unit did not come with a headphone but I have numerous ones from other electronics . Be sure to turn down the volume before using them . I purchased a padded cosmetic case which is cheaper and easier to find in this size than one in the electronics departments .
 Pros
 Purchased for my adult child who has gone back to college ; she says it so useful and helpful ; I 'm sorry I did not find this sooner . She 's improved 100 % not only in her spelling and word translation , but in pronounciation .
 It has many words - So So definitions -LRB- compared to cambridge adnvanced learner 's dictionary -RRB- - A little slow in operation
 The Franklin SCD-1890 Speaking Merriam Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary is very convenient to have at hand and serves the purpose 70 % . The drawbacks come to mind first - very slow , uneasy typing mechanism and poor graphical interfaces . Also the number of words one can store is mere 40 , which I found to be insufficient . Plastic is also cheap and does not look good . But nothing else is available and hence needed to buy it and mostly serves the purpose . Has been a really handy tool of looking up words at home .
 The only one thing that I do n't like is the speaker volume is to to low ...
 It works very well , but I wish it used the words in a sentences as an example .
 Spects on the product was not sufficient to fully describ the product . But it is a good product . It just pronounce the words in english .
 Bought this and it turned out really good . Was a lot of functionality at really cool price . The reading aloud feature also worked well for the dictionary .
 No problems , a simple item , just removes staples on a flat wall , but they are hard to find in stores . The ones we bought are perfect , durable and at a good price .
 The quality is excellent . The shape makes it easy to handle . I think the words `` stick type '' nakes you think of a pencil like object but this is not the case . It has weight and feels comfortable in your hand . Plus it does what it is suppose to do very well . It removes staples .
 This is a great and stylish phone with lots of features . I highly recommend this model , which was much better than any we saw in Best Buy ! Excellent crisp sound too .
 I like this phone because the sound quality is crystal clear . I think everyone should get a DECT phone because it does n't interfere with wireless networks in the home .
 I purchased this phone and 3 additional S45 handsets approx 2 months ago and every phone has performed flawlessly . Before buying the system I read reviews of numerous phones , went to stores to hold the handsets of many of the phones , and reviewed the literature on the manufacturers ' websites . In the end , I bought this phone with the belief that it would probably have issues , but I could always return it to Amazon if it did . Needless to say , the only complaint is from my wife who initially complained that the phones were so robust that it was difficult to figure them out -- while this may seem true , think of these phones as a close relation to a cell phone.Regarding the complaints I have read ; let me address the following ones :1 . ISSUE
 First of all , I do n't understand the person that gave this 1 star . I have tried and returned every other phone I ever bought . But this phone is engineered beautifully . The sound quality on both receive and send is crystal clear . DECT is fantastic because it does n't interfere with any other wireless frequencies . This is a total full function phone and is even VoIP capable -LRB- with an additional module -RRB- if you want that . It 's expandable with other handsets -LRB- I 'm about to order one of those -RRB- . The reception at long distances from the base is also excellent . Now , if you like big huge buttons and heavy phones , this phone is not for you . But if you like modern , stylish , full featured phones with excellent sound quality , etc , then get this . Btw I do n't work for Siemens , nor am I affiliated with them in any way , I just like this phone better than anything I 've tried , and believe me I 've done a lot of research on phones . I 've done much more research than I should have had to do because there are so many awful , cheap phones out there . This is a great phone .
 I bought this unit , plus two extension units and was plagued by digital stuttering , both listening to people at the other end , and what they were hearing when I spoke . It ranged from annoying millisecond dropouts to several second dropouts of all audio . At the time , we were staying with friends during our house remodel , and this unit was connected to their Comcast digital cable modem telephone port . I thought the phones were the problem , so I sent them back to Amazon for replacement . Then my friends bought the same units and had the same problem . They sent them back and got the Panasonic version of the DECT 6 phones . Lo and behold , the Panasonic had the same problem . A knowledgeable acquaintance advised that there was likely some sort of packet-switching interference between the digital signal of DECT 6 , and the digital telephony of cable operator provided systems . Sure enough , when we got back into our house -LRB- with an analog phone line -RRB- , these units performed flawlessly over long distances with crystal clarity . I Googled the heck out of the Web -LRB- and Siemens site -RRB- for mention of this likely incompatibility , but amazingly found nothing . The phones look great and work great . Only complaints
 This phone has excellent sound quality and zero interference with my in home wireless router . Speaker phone function is very good as well -- most callers can not tell you are using the speaker phone functionality . Minuses/things to be aware of -- -LRB- 1 -RRB- no mute function when using speakerphone -LRB- not one that will allow you to continue to listen to conversation in progress -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- phone does not seem to detect stutter dial tone so message waiting indicator will never come on , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- difficult to dial numbers quickly on keypad .
 I bought 3 other brands that I gave away due to poor quality . This phone is easy to use , durable , comfortable in your hand , but most of all the sound quality is like you are right there talking face to face . This is for you and the person on the other line ! Well worth the price !
 I replaced a VTech 5.8 GHz phone with the S450 DECT phone and I 'm very pleased with it . The VTech was not effective across a couple of rooms in my house . Note , however , that the VTech did not have the spread spectrum feature , which should improve range . I 've had other throw-away phones from VTech , Panasonic , Motorola -LRB- 2.4 GHz , 900 MHz , 5.8 GHz -RRB- and they are all pretty much the same -- designed to fail after a year or so . Batteries are proprietary , and expensive to replace.The Siemens unit uses two rechargeable AAA NiMH batteries . It is well made and well designed . I 'm using it with ATT CallVantage IP phone service . I work at home full time and typically have three to four hours of conference call meetings every day . This phone has very good battery life , especially after I started using Energizer rechargeables . Sound quality is fine -- I use it with a Plantronics headset . With the belt-clip , I can cruise into the kitchen and make coffee while on a call . The phone does n't cause any problems at all with my wifi network .
 This phone is a little complicated to use to it 's fullest capability but none-the-less , is a great phone.The only complaint I have is when the phone rings and someone answers it and someone else also picks up an extension who also had intended to answer it , the phone indicates a `` lost contact . ''
 Solid construction , easy to use , very quiet , works great on my berber-like carpets , picks up even cat hair . I 'm very pleased with my purchase - no more loud vacuuming or having to deal with the cord .
 This tape cuts fairly easily when the tape gun is held correctly and at the proper angle , otherwise it can only partially cut ... as all tape filament do . I 'm glad it is as strong as it is . This tape is designed to hold things firmly for shipping and this particular tape does that well , and 2 '' width is perfect for boxes . Thanks for the quick shipment too , as I was able to get presents out before Christmas .
 I bought this tape to use on my foamies RC airplanes . Its not the thinnest tape I found -LRB- Ace Hardware has some -RRB- but it should do just fine .
 I like this paper very much - great thick texture and the pictures look great on it . It does n't lend itself to a full page print from my Canon 9000 printer , however , because it will only print pictures on `` fine art paper '' with a full border . So the pictures are definitely smaller than the 8x11 or 13x19 size paper . My main concern with this paper is that it is difficult to tell which is the printable side of the paper - and Canon tech support ca n't tell me either . They say the paper is not loaded the same in the package each time . I followed the instruction on the package which says to wet the paper and see which side is `` stickier '' . I ca n't really tell with this technique .
 I love the thickness of this paper it 's basically a very heavy poster board with a nice texture to it . I like the look it gives some of my pictures . The reason it looses a star is because if your picture needs to be sharp this is n't the paper to use and it might just be me but i ca n't print a full 13X19 on this paper it only allows me to print 11X14
 The photo paper is excellent in and of itself . However the shipper had previously sold this package , and it had been repackaged . It probably was returned because of damage because the box we received was damaged . Every sheet of photo paper is creased from being dropped on the corner . I would not trust this supplier . I have had no problems using the paper however because my image size includes a margin and once the image is matted and framed no one notices the wrinkled paper . If I were selling these images for thousands of dollars however , this would be completely unsuitable . Unfortunately , my images do not fetch over a thousand dollars -LRB- LOL -RRB- . They are several hundred dollars , but not in the league with the greats . So this is okay for one time .
 This archival paper hangs well in the frame and takes ink very well . The texture is like that of a high quality watercolor paper . Good for producing &#34; mood &#34; prints where glossiness , brightness and sharpness are secondary .
 This paper is perfect for printing in an exclusive way.I use it always for my application.Its a real high quality product !
 Despite what previous reviewer wrote , have gotten excellent results.Good tonal range , vibrant and true colors . No complaints .
 My first review was negative , but I want to rectify that now . After experimenting with the color settings on my computer & printer , I printed some beautiful pictures . The blacks were deeper and the colors richer -- just as the produt claims . I do n't know if I can change the star rating above , but if I can , I would give this 5 stars .
 I do n't understand why this was n't included with my Ranger BC but it makes a big difference , especially wearing a steel tank on my back . I noticed on my buddy 's Ranger LTD that his lumbar pad does n't have the side `` wings '' like this add-on does . Great product , although I feel we should n't have to pay extra for a comfort item . I could understand all the extra accessories and D-rings on the LTD but the lumbar pad should come on all Zeagle BC 's . Either way , it 's worth the money .
 After trying more than half a dozen new cordless phones which I returned for various reasons , I believe that I have found the right one.This new VTech has just about any feature you would want , and the sound quality is , so far , second to none . Truly great , and I think better than I get on a corded phone , as you do n't have the feedback of your own voice . Very natural sounding , which was impossible to find in a non 5.8 cordless phone.My only suggestion to Vtech would be to add music on hold , expand the phone directory from 50 to 100 entries , and allow the user to shorten the length of time a caller can leave a message from 4 minutes to a lower number . Do n't know why other makers have not been able to follow the Siemens lead - Siemens has had music on hold for years on all their phones.Have had this new phone about a week , and really like it so far . Have not discovered any big surprises . Those who want to purchase an additional battery for power failure protection for the base which seem to be always unavailable from Vtech , can perhaps do as I did and buy a Sanyo battery ... for about 14 dollars - the one for the VTech 2420 works so far.I think it would be very difficult to find a better buy on such a fully featured phone , and would certainly be hard to find a phone , cordless or corded , which had better sound quality .
 The i5881 is full of features . It has everything that you need on a cordless phone . The quality of the phone is very good . The ringers and phone settings are easy to configure and let you personalize the phone . Call quality is great on both regular and speaker phone . A few minor things that are inconvenient include
 Pros : Base is a fully functional speakerphone with keypad.Handset not physically tied to the base.Excellent voice quality.Loud and clear speakerphone on handsets.Expandable and has point to point intercom among handsets and the base.Call transferrable to a specific handset if needed.Clear display .5.8 GHz does not interfere with 802.11 b/gCons : Caller id not displayed while playing back messages recorded on the answering machine.Rather tiny keypad buttons.Wish it had talking caller id.Recalling numbers from memory while in the middle of a call is not easy .
 I once had the expensive Siemens cordless system , but ditched those on Ebay b/c of the horrible ergonomics . If you picked up a phone call for another person , you could n't just yell , ` pick up the phone ' b/c the other units could n't barge into an existing call . You 'd have to remember the cumbersome process of call-forwarding . Anyhow , the VTech system does n't have such problems , so right off the bat I was encouraged . Out of all the great features this system offers , you can not custom name each station . You are stuck w / the default numbering . Thus if you want to transfer to , or page , another handset , you have to recall which phone is which number . What is more surpising is that older VTech system allowed custom-naming , according to tech support.Contrary to a previous review , I did n't find the answering machine quality horribly poor , but it is n't stellar either . I can certainly live with it.What I think is n't so hot is the general sound quality when on the phone . I would have thought that 5.8 GHz would be the best I 've ever had . On the other hand , phone lines only transmit a very poor quality sound ; something like the equivalent to 11kHz mono -LRB- vs 44kHz stereo for compact disc music -RRB- . My only other complaint is the general crappy belt clips that snap onto cordless phones , including these . If you bend over & the phone is too far towards the front of your belt , the clip snaps off & the phone tumbles . Better design would be appreciated .
 This set of cordless phones is very good for VoIP users . I 'm using Vonage and it only requires one phone jack . I have three add-on handsets . Also , since it 's 5.8 Ghz , it does not interfere with my home wireless 2.4 Ghz network . There 's a great speakerphone feature on each as well . I found this very useful and better than having to connect a headset to the phone . I also like the fact that each phone has its own caller ID log . I 've never really tested the advertised distance capability of these phones but I 've never had a problem with it within my 3 story house . The only CON about these phones and the reason I 'm giving it a 4 instead of a 5 star , is because the quality is n't superb . Sometimes you can get some static but overall it 's a great set of phones and beats the regular 900Mhz , 2.4 Ghz cordless phones .
 Good phone , even used , but in need of an appearance update and a worthy battery to keep it going . Used these for many years before switching to another brand .
 I 've had this phone since 2003 and have never had a problem . In fact , I 'm here looking for additional handsets today .
 I have gone through them all and just wanted to comment how fantastic this one is . I know it is a little old now but awesome . I have had for two or three years now with 0 problems , great range , great sound quality , and the best speaker phone on a handset I have ever seen . I wish I could get an extra expansion handset but the price is too high for it and it 's age .
 Crystal sound . Build in equalizer . Excellent reception . Good range . High capacity battery . Shock resistant .
 Although I am not a big fan of Vtech , preferring other brands instead , I may be a convert after using this phone for a few months . Reception is crystal clear and callers comment on the great sound quality . The flashing light on the base that alerts me to calls left on my phone company message minder service is a very nice feature , as is being able to dial a number and see it before turning the phone on and sending it for connection . I gave the phone 4 stars instead of 5 because the screen is impossible to read without lots of light -LRB- no backlight -RRB- and the battery is the older type that develops memory , rather than lithium ion , charging less and less each time . So the key to using this type of battery is to keep the phone off the charger once it is charged and leaving it off until it is totally depleated .
 Interestingly , this was the pen Bill Clinton used while he was in office . This pen is matte black w / silver trim , but my model -LRB- and Bill 's -RRB- have gold trim.This is a small pen , which is great for me because I have small hands . The pen is obviously well-crafted and subtle ... not flashy . I bought it to carry in a leather folio -LRB- Johnston & Murphy Men 's Letter Folio -RRB- during interviews , but it eventually became my everyday pen.Highly recommended to people with small hands .
 I was lucky enough to buy one used , but I 'd pay the full price if I had to . After looking at Office Depot and Staples , I was getting discouraged about finding a laptop stand sturdy enough to not jiggle while I 'm working and with well-engineered legs that would prevent tipping . This one does the job.Desk top is adjustable , up and down , hydraulically . Goes up easily , takes a bit of a push to get it down . -LRB- A guy probably would n't even notice . -RRB- There 's also an incline setting , helps if you want to relieve stiffness from maintaining one position too long . Would be nice to have more than one possible incline angle , but it does not . I keep the desk flat and put my laptop on an el cheapo little Targus stand to keep it cool and to elevate it at about a 10-degree angle -- comfortable for me.I particularly like the shape of the leading edge , which gives you convenient elbow room if you need to ponder like The Thinker.The top rotates easily from left to right , but I do n't find this too objectionable . The wheels do not have locks so you 'll have to figure out how to keep it from traveling across the room . I put two wheels against the wall and it remains stationary.Because I bought an older model , you might ask the seller about the things I object to if you think they 'll be a problem for you . Perhaps the mfgr . has fixed them.All in all , a very nice , sturdy little desk for your computer , for reading , for eating in front of the tv .
 I have been using this mobile desk for 8-12 hours per day for one full month now . I absolutely love it , so I figured it was time to write a review that might help someone else who 's in the market for this type of product.After combing through numerous reviews of mobile laptop desks/workstations , it seemed there was a lot of dissatisfaction with most models I saw on Amazon . The complaints are myriad ; most have to do with poor adjustability , lack of stability , wobbling , shoddy quality , etc. . All of these units were well under $ 100 . With most things in life , you get what you pay for , and I figure laptop desks are no exception . I do n't know what one would expect for $ 60 . I work at home . Because I needed a laptop workstation that is mobile , adjustable , stable and comfortable -LRB- I work for hours at a time -RRB- , I really could n't afford to waste my time and throw away $ 45 - $ 80 on a piece of junk that would need to be replaced in 2 months or less . Though there were no Amazon reviews of this promising-looking desk , I was able to find 4 excellent reviews of this workstation on another site , though I purchased here . This unit costs more than most out there -LRB- except the fifteen hundred dollar Steelcase Airtouch -RRB- but after using this workstation , I can honestly say this item is totally worth its price and I would not hesitate to purchase another . My husband actually wants one now.It was extremely easy to assemble and the instructions are very clear . The only error in the instructions is the direction to tighten screws using an Allen wrench . This is incorrect -- a Phillips head screwdriver is what is actually needed.The instructions suggest checking the screws at least once every 6 months and tightening if necessary . I view as a positive sign that the manufacturer -LRB- Balt -RRB- speaks about maintaining the unit in the long-term
 I looked at many options , some much more expensive , but this has worked well as an exam room laptop table
 I have made 6 vacation albums using this . What I like is that the album only takes up a little over a half inch of shelf space , your can add any size photos up to 81/2 x 11 -LRB- just sized to fit on the letter size sheet -RRB- , and you can type on the page -LRB- if you use ms word or publisher to lay out -RRB- . I use ms publisher and use one photo as background across 2 pages -LRB- you end up with a 11 x 17 photo on every page ! -RRB- . Then I frame smaller photos in white and lay them on top of the background . I use the text tools to add captions to the framed photos and longer vacation descriptions to the page in general . I second the recommendation to use 14-15 pages -LRB- just buy two sets , you 'll probably have a few redos -RRB- to fill out the album . Print all even pages and allow to set for a few hours then print the odd pages on the reverse paying close attention to which side/order you 're printing on . Paper included is very rich and just the right amount of gloss . Only complaint is the cover is kind of cheap and unattractive color .
 I have put together 3 of these . I used extra sheets , I recommend you use 15 sheets per album instead of the 10 supplied . With 15 they will be held better , over this amount it may be difficult to insert them . Everyone who saw these praised them.rdp
 This Canon Photo Album Kit 8.5 x 11 is great ! I have now made three photo albums , and each one turned out very well . The books end up looking like store bought photo books , no joke ! The photo paper quality is great , and so is the white hard cover.Depending on your printer , most printer programs should have an option to make a book layout , printing double sided . If not , then you can always find printing programs that do . My printer had this option , and it let you choose your layouts for all the pages , the photo sizes , and even a background that goes behind all the pictures . You can set it up like a professionally done photo book , or you can make it more like a scrap book or collage type book . Either way , they 're all great.You use whatever program that you choose , print out all of the sheets with photos on them , take the hard cover and take off the sticker covering -LRB- what holds the pages in -RRB- and then you insert the pages , add the clips to the top and bottom , and you 're done ! Just make sure you very very carefully align the pages exactly right , because once they 're stuck , they 're stuck for good.All in all , these are very good quality , end up looking like a store ordered photo book , and I definitely plan on buying more in the future . The only set back is the fact that the price is so high . But there really are n't many options out there for making 8.5 x 11 photo books , especially with this quality . I most definitely recommend this , especially to anyone who wants to have a memorable photo book of their family , or as a gift to a girlfriend or wife to show memorable past moments .
 This is a strange looking contraption , but it 's very simple . There are 12 risers that snap on top of each other to create three levels of height . There is a bar that you can place on top of the risers and it 's recommended for larger laptops , but even with my relatively compact 15 '' MacBook Pro , it provides better stability and also keeps the risers in place when I put the stand inside my bag . If you travel with it , I would recommend you place this stand in an inside pocket as the risers could get lost . The stand also swivels so you could , say , show a chart to a customer . Raising the laptop allows air to flow under it . It works for me because I was looking for something compact and less wide than my laptop so I can use it while sitting at my favorite chair , while also leaving room for my cat to snuggle next to me . Heat does n't reach my legs anymore . The only drawback is that at the highest position , my laptop would occasionally slip off the stand . But since then , I 've decided that the lowest height actually provides a better typing position for my hands.So this gizmo works for me to keep heat from me as well as a stand for typing . My MBPro runs slightly cooler . If you need serious cooling this may not be for you . You might prefer the plug-in type of cooling stand .
 Simple and sturdy construction . My 17 '' Macbook Pro does n't slip or slide . It 's not amazing to look at but its completely hidden beneath the lap top . Packs away easily and the swivel function is very useful . I 'm very happy with the stand .
 My 13 '' Mac Book fits on it nicely . Makes a good angle for my wrists as well as ventilating my laptop , so the fan does n't come on as much . Also , I 'm a big MacGamesArcade Gamer , so flipping the podium around the other way really updates your way to play . Stores easily for travel . Great Price !!!! I like it a lot . So much in fact , I bought 2 .
 Use it everyday ! It 's amazing especially for MacBooks . The time exterior already prevents overheating , so all you need really is a raised surface for the same cooling effect as a fan ! Works wonders and helps with posture and wrist pain experienced by frequent typists !
 In the 2 months I 've been using the product , this laptop stand has worked out extremely well for me and my 17 '' MacBook Pro . I leave one set up at work and one at home . It is highly portable , though daily setup is a bit cumbersome , which is why I elected to get 2 . The keyboard angle is somewhat adjustable , up to about 3 '' , with Lego-like heighth inserts , and there 's also a crosspiece , about 9 '' wide , which provides stability for a larger computer such as my 17 '' . As for cooling , it 's superb . My Mac runs cool anyway , but light use with this stand produces no perceptible heat at all underneath the drive . Its swivel capability could be very handy for small presentations . Other user reviews have mentioned a decrease in the holding power of the rubberized contacts after time , but it 's too early for me to weigh in on that . In summary , it 's light , comfortable , not too pretentious , not too bulky , and highly effective for cooling .
 I have a heavy 17 '' Dell XPS on this thing and it is perfect . It comes with a stabilizer for larger laptops and stable is the definitive word . My laptop is so cool that right now , after about 2 hours , it is barely warm . I love that it swivels too , because I am constantly turning this laptop to reach ports . Highly recommend this to all laptop owners .
 This device has `` taken the heat off my laptop . '' It is well-constructed , and easy to set up . The pad allows for custom inclines in either direction , and I can FEEL the heat coming from the laptop fans that were previously confined by flat placement . I do n't know if my Dell will last any longer as a result , but I am satisfied that I have done something to extend its life . Plus , the pad looks cool , and can take the weight of heavy hands . Buy it !
 My sister suggested I buy a cooling pad for my laptop and this did the trick . It keeps my laptop from burning my legs after long periods of use and keeps the fan from coming on as well . It swivels which is also nice when it 's sitting on the counter and I 'm using it in the kitchen ! Great buy !
 I 'm not going to get terribly in-depth here , but I will say that this is a nifty product that keeps my 17 '' MacBook Pro MUCH cooler than it is even though it already has the rubber ` laptop lifts ' installed and even though I usually have it on top of a laptop pad like the -LRB- actually awesome -RRB- Logitech 939-000091 Comfort Lapdesk . Another nice benefit is that it allows you to switch up the elevation and orientation of the slop of the keyboard . A +
 I have at least 4 different kind of notebook stand and I have 2 of this . This Road Tools Podium Coolpad is what always in my traveling bag because it 's portbale and do n't take too much space . I think the simplicity of design and use of it make it a great product .
 Arrived in a flash . This is the third I have purchased ... now the whole family keeps their laptop cool and gives us the best angle to type and protect us from carpal tunnel . Inexpensive and lasts forever ... lightweight to pack for a trip .
 This is a simple product , but is extremely handy . I had to buy a second one because my wife confiscated my first one when she got her laptop . It 's slim enough to toss in your computer bag and nice to swivel at meetings and what not . Keeps the hot computer off your lap in a chair and the angle -LRB- I use it both directions , depending on where I 'm using it -RRB- is very handy.You ca n't go wrong .
 My laptop tends to get very hot so this stand provides I nice gap for constant air flow under the laptop . The swivel feature of this stand is terrific and incredibly useful . Its also very easy to slip into the same bag you carry your laptop in . The only gripe I have is that the pegs on the back are susceptible to falling off if you 're not careful . I have n't lost any yet -LRB- and it comes with extras in case you do -RRB- , but it worries me a little . It 's not enough for me to buy another stand . I highly recommend this for anyone with a laptop .
 If you have a laptop , you need this to be ergonomically correct , it helps a lot with proper viewing angles .
 This is a second one a bought for another laptop . The first worked so well , and that was about 2 years ago , so when I needed another one , I looked it up online and found it here . I like that it uses NO power from my laptop . whether you buy one with a fan or not , the computer still heats up . I like that it tries to keep the computer cool naturally . The air circulates under the tilt between the computer and the stand.Amazon.com has lots of stuff when one ca n't find it in stores .
 Very happy with this stand , ordered another one for my sons 16 '' laptop.It rotates , compact design and adjustable height . : -RRB-
 Good product , well built , makes it easier to use a laptop since it angles the keyboard . Also keeps the laptop cooler , works with a 15 '' Macbook . Seems a bit expensive though .
 Got this for my laptop using wife and 2 sons to try . They all really like it ; it 's an ergonomic improvement over laptop flat on desk . and like the adjustable height - they use it at different heights . And I like the price . Now to get 2 more and they each have one . Apparently easy to use and stable in use .
 This excellent product is a combination laptop stand/cooler . It makes using a laptop on a desk or table much more comfortable and hopefully extends the life of the laptop by allowing heat to dissipate .
 This works as advertised . It is a little more flimsy than some reviews profess . I have been using it for a few weeks with a new Aluminum 15 '' MacBook Pro and while it holds the computer OK , the bottom plate bows a bit under the weight . The packaging is a joke , clear shrink wrap over the whole thing , no box . It was not damaged thanks to Amazon 's care in handling but I can only imagine if I had to return it with no retail packaging .
 If you have a laptop , you need a coolpad . And if you 're going to buy a coolpad , Roadtools is the one to get . As a graduate student and producer , I use my laptop for everything , and carry it with me everywhere . The Roadtools product , unlike competitor Targus , is MUCH lighter , smaller , more attractive , and competitively priced . If you travel with your laptop , the traveler version is fantastic too . And finally , RoadTools is a small , very customer friendly company who employs disabled workers to make their coolpads . Do yourself a favor , and get one .
 GREAT NEW DESIGN ! Needed extra pad for new computer . Older model is 10 yrs . old - this one is even better . Hidden `` wings '' give extra support . Increased slant makes laptop keypad more like a real keyboard . Highly recommend ROAD TOOLS for quality , dependability , and value for money . If you own a laptop , you should own a COOL PAD . Do n't waste time & $ $ on noisy USB gadgets that take up ports & break . Just get a CoolPad - you 'll be glad you did !
 just what I need for my other room or even to have in my computer bag for travel . Definitely a must have to keep that laptop cool .
 I use the CoolPad regularily now - it really does make a difference . Before , having set the computer down on a flat surface , it would heat up after about an hour , making me look for something to put underneath it to cool it down . The CoolPad is excellent , and not only is great at cooling the notebook down but also has some usefulness in its swiveling ability . If I 'm working at a table with others , I can easily swing the laptop around to show them a video or a figure , and bring it back to face me . The stands grip the notebook well . It 's not the fanciest device , but I would n't take my laptop somewhere without it . Highly recommended .
 A simple , usefull tool for setting up my lap-top at tables wherever I travel . Fits right in the laptop bag .
 I 've had the pleasure of using this simple device for five years with laptops of all sizes and can say with all honesty that there is n't a better thing out there . If you have a laptop that requires another pad with fans to be blowing in order to keep it cool , well , you 've got bigger problems . For most everyone else this does the trick nicely . The ability to swivel from side to side so I could show coworkers and friends what I was seeing is a neat `` twist '' . It 's slim , well built , and something that should with care , like anything , last for a very long time . I 've decades in PC support with major corporations and have seen my fair share of junk being peddled and this is the one thing that satisfies my philosophy of keeping it simple , stupid .
 Forget fans and other gizmos , this laptop stand helps cool your laptop , and allows you to rotate it so that you can show others what you are working on . It 's simple design makes it robust and long lasting.I 've had mine for 7-8 years and have had no problems with it . It 's a simple design , but well worth the money . Originally I used it with a PowerBook 667 G4 , then an 15 '' MacBook Pro , and lastly a 17 '' MacBook Pro . Those first two computers got much hotter than the latest 17 '' , but I still use this stand for the swivel factor.It 's compact so you can easily slip it into a laptop case that has a large pocket .
 I had previously purchased a Road Tools CoolPad -LRB- back in about 2001 -RRB- , and was extremely pleased with it . It is small enough to carry around with the computer , provides passive cooling , and by the fact that it tilts the computer makes typing more pleasurable . The original CoolPad that I purchased was one piece . The new version , which I did not realize , has two `` external '' pieces which attach to the rear of the CoolPad , and allow for adjustment to larger or smaller computers . Initially I found this a bit annoying , but it is actually kind of nice - the computer can be adjusted to higher or lower tilt angles . The one concern that I do have is that I tend to misplace things kind of frequently , and if one of the risers is lost , the coolpad would be useless . I 'm not sure whether replacements can be ordered , but I sure hope that they can be.Otherwise , I am extremely happy with this purchase , and would recommend it very highly .
 I wanted to get a little stand/pad for my laptop , and the only ones I could find in stores were huge or overly complicated . I did n't want extra USB ports or fans or for my laptop to be elevated 3 inches . Finally found this one on Amazon , and it gets the job done just right . It props up the back of the laptop about 0.5 - 1.0 inch .
 The CoolPad is compact and light , yet it manages to bring my G4 Powerbook down to a temperature where I can actually keep it on my lap without fear for my unborn children . My computer started running a good deal faster after I started using it as well , which was an unexpected bonus . Two thumbs up for me - a piece of plastic , but a well-designed one .
 Someone gave me a couple of these pens to use and I loved them . I tried to find them in stores but nobody carried them . I did a web search and found them on several sites , including Amazon . I quickly ordered a couple boxes . I received them this week and I am VERY HAPPY . These are great pens that I do n't want to have to be without . I love the writing tip , not too thin like many pens are . I ordered 2 boxes of blue and 2 boxes of purple and have used both colors already . I love the comfort grip , they are so comfortable to write with . I like how well they write and they are very light weight . You will REALLY like these pens .
 I 've been a Papermate user for over 10 years . The X-Tend is a great series and when they introduced the purple , a no-brainer for a college student like myself . Now that they 've been discontinued , I 'm VERY great for the Web and Amazon . I usually buy a few boxes a year and give a few away as presents to my friends . They love 'em and when I tell them they 've been discontinued , they ca n't believe it . It is a fantastic pen !
 I have used these pens exclusively for the last 13 years , love them , and was disheartened when I went to the local STAPLES store and they said they were discontinued . Through research on the web , I found the pens and recently purchased a doz through AMAZON . They are easy to handle , cushioned , have a great ink flow and are a regal color . Now , with the help of Amazon , they are back in my life , business and purse . Thanks !
 I was only expecting this item to be acceptable , but it is actually very nice for the price . My husband is using it to keep his professional portfolio in .
 I bought this thinking it would be something cheap since I was planning on using it to put my recipes in . It 's nicer than I thought it would be . This product is exactly what I needed once I bought the inserts . Since it fully zips around I have n't lost anything when the kids have dropped or knocked it off the shelf .
 This binder is exactly what I was looking for . I already have a similar one that has a handle on the spine plus has a shoulder strap , but it had 1 '' rings . I also have a zipper binder that has a microfiber cover , but I do n't like the feel of it -LRB- makes my fingers kind of tingle -RRB- . ANYHOW , the Samsill binder is wonderful ! It looks and feels like leather . One question I have is that on the cardboard insert that came with this , it says there 's a business card holder on one of the document pockets . Mine does n't seem to have that . Not a big deal , but seems odd that I ca n't find it . It 's not a deal breaker because I was n't expecting that based off the product description . This binder is an exceptional value !
 I have bought $ 100 + real leather binders and it is hard to tell much difference , other than the smell . The black vinyl is very good immitation leather . It has a softness to it and reflects like leather.I used 2 of these binders for all my grad school notes . They look very sharp , and held up all my overstuffing and bag abuses.I would keep all my notes in sheet protectors , get home and place it on the bookshelf . It even has a flap to keep a paper tablet inside.The metal binder rings do not open easily , which I like since sometimes cheap binders open and out fly your notes!The zipper is a good feature when it rains . Keeps your valuable stuff nice and dry .
 Great product . Vinyl but high quality with gold metal edging . No place for a business card or cover page , though . Good for a professional teaching portfolio -- very professional
 This was a gift for my Grandson who is going to use it for college in his film making class . He needed something substantial and large enough to hold scripts . The notebook has reinforced corners and is of good quality .
 I would definitely recommend this product . It looks very professional and is well made . It definitely rivals the leather binders .
 I needed a nice portfolio for job interviews . This one was inexpensive compared to others at $ 80 and up ! It was exactly what I needed , 3 rings and pockets . It looks professional , arrived quickly , and works wonderfully !
 I needed a binder for a portfolio and this one was great ! Not just plain and black , but stylish with gold metal corners .
 This was exactly what I was looking for and much cheaper thru Amazon . It is good quality and has the appearance of leather . Never been disappointed with Amazon ,
 I looked everywhere locally and was unable to find a zippered folder . This totally meets my needs and was a reasonable price . Quality is good .
 I bought this because it looked like the one Det. Bobby Goren of LO-CI uses . Very useful when I interrogate suspects . He he he .
 I am pleased with this cordless phone , with caller ID and digital message recorder . It is the 3rd Vtech cordless that I have purchased .
 Easy to use , large , clear , bright buttons and display . Plenty of volume , with clear audio . Being able to wall mount it was a real plus ! Two differant friends has since purchased Vtech units after using mine .
 We have two other VTech phones we are very pleased with , -LRB- different model -RRB- , which is why we chose this brand.Has all the functions we need and I recommend it .
 But , speaker phone would have been an additional help . When electricity goes , the phone does n't works while other phones would work -LRB- have dial tone due to telephone cable -RRB- and take calls .
 I have had plenty of cordless phones and this set works as well as any other I 've had . I have had no problems with it keeping a charge or hearing people on it . I sometimes even have to lower the volume because it is too loud . I have not gotten complaints that people ca n't hear me so I assume that works well too . I talk on the phone for hours and if left to charge overnight , I never have a problem with the battery running low . I find that I always keep one on a charger so that if the one I 'm using dies , I have the other one I can switch to.I picked this phone because it has a headset jack which is hard to find on a lot of phones I look at in the stores . I do notice some interference when I am near the computer or my cell phone but it is minimal . I 'm honestly surprised by the poor reviews this phone got from a couple of people since I had no issues with this phone and would recommend it to someone looking for a multi-handset cordless phone with an answering machine and headset jack .
 Great Phone - I 've had it a few months now . Ringer selection could be better and sort of difficult to hold with your shoulder.Sound is very clear , display is good and buttons are big . Answering machine works great too . The batteries last forever on a single charge ... All in all , well worth the money .
 I 've had this phone system for at least two years now and have had no problems whatsoever . We replaced a horrible sounding Motorola system that you could hardly hear the person on the line.Sound on these units is clear and crisp . There are a few features I wish this had , such as being able to talk with both handsets at the same time , and I WISH I could expand it to two more handsets , but apparently it is not expandable.I ca n't speak to the battery life as we are pretty good in putting the phones back in the cradles after we talk - but we have n't had problems.The reason I picked this model in the store was because of the clerk . I bluntly asked him of all the phones here , which ones DO N'T people return to the store . He said this one was n't returned from what he knew.Perhaps we just got lucky , but we really like these phones - just wish we could expand the set .
 I 've been using the Vtech IA 5864 cordless phone system for 4 weeks now and it works great.Right out of the box it 's a easy set-up with just plugging it in to your phone jack and the ACoutlet . First time charging is 16 Hours so set it up when you do n't think there will be a lotof calls.The Caller ID and digital answering work great as well . The easy to follow manual takes youthrough the time set and ringer settings -LRB- 4 loudness settings and off -RRB- . The extra handset with it 's own charging unit lets you be in another room nearby and stillget/make calls . It pairs-up with the main unit automatically.The best part was the reasonable price . All in all a neat little phone system .
 The phones work great and the whole system was easy and quick to set up . Very satisfied with this set and the price . The volume is great and the phones feel more solid than others I 've tried . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 great phone , great price what more can i say
 The package was smaller than I expected and was gone after 3-5 packages -LRB- depending on how fragile the items are and how much you need . -RRB- Walmart sells a larger cushion wrap for about $ 16 to 17 dollars . I have n't compared footage , but I think the Walmart one would be more economical in the long run if you have to mail a lot of packages .
 There 's a reason that this paper commands top dollar and it 's because of the results you 'll get . A high-resolution photo deserves a photo paper that will produce a high-resolution print and the Kodak Lustre paper does just that . I use a relatively inexpensive Epson R280 Photo-stylus printer for my photograhs . The reason I use it is because it has six color cartridges which can produce outstanding color reproductions and crisp , clean edges . On even the Epson paper , I do n't see the magic that this printer can produce . With the Kodak paper , however , there virtually no difference between a print off of the R280 or a chemical photograph . It 's that good . The Lustre shine on the paper also lends it to be very professional rather than typical gloss photo paper available everywhere else . I can highly recommend this paper and I always end up having to order it on-line because it 's just not carried by any of the box office supply stores . While the price I paid this time was very reasonable , I 've paid upwards of $ 1 a sheet in the years past . It 's worth it .
 This is brilliant paper . The colors reproduce perfectly . Even on my little inkjet printer I get totally awesome quality prints .
 I was a little worried at first to purchase this , because I 've been trying to find the perfect professional quality paper , and have had poor success until today ! This paper has a reallly nice quality to it . I 'm no paper expert -- but I know what I like -- and I like this . I actually brought out my wedding photos and compared the quality to that paper -- which were sent out to a lab -- and this paper is seriously almost identical -- to my eye it really seems to have no difference . So do n't pass this up ! It also came in pretty quickly ! yay !
 If your looking for professional quality paper , this is one of the best i have used . Great skin tones as close as you can get what you see on your monitor.Would highly recomend this paper to anyone and the price is great from Amazon.Papers I Would Recomend : Kodak Pro Lustre 81/2 X 11Ilford Classic Galarie Pearl 13 X 19These are the only papers i useYou get what you pay for , better quality prints
 This paper has a professional appearance you expect to have when you purchase photos from photographers . Well worth the purchase .
 I love this paper , it gives me the best possible skin tones , better than Ilford 's . I use it on my Epson R1900 , it certainly is a lot better than Epson 's 5 star Luster paper because it is not as shiny.It has a good price , says Kodak Professional Paper on the back , has a good thickness .
 Beautiful prints on this paper is the norm . Very satiny , vibrant colors and comes in rolls too . You ca n't go wrong with this paper .
 If you are looking for professional paper , this is perfect ! It produces great results and the great thing is it says `` Kodak Professional '' on the back . I also order it in rolls and Amazon -LRB- and their marketplace sellers -RRB- always have the best prices !
 I have two wonderful photo printers and have always gotten good results , but once I used this paper , they were phenomenal . You can not tell they were not prefessionally printed . It is expensive , and I have n't found it in size 5x7 , but if you value your photos , it is worth the money . I bought 2 packs last month and now I am buying 2 more because I simply do not want to run out . Try this one for sure . Wish I could give it more than five stars !!!!
 Highly recommend this product . . Was very pleased with the results . . Could tell no difference in the results from printing at home to ordering from a lab . .
 It is hard to find this item in local stores and when it is available , it is very $ $ $ $ . Best price on line and best paper .
 Its a quality black paint marker , and there is not much else to say about it to fill up the minimum word requirement . Keep em away from kids they will try to get high with them .
 i used this to refinish the needles on my collection of Automotive ammeters . it is identical to the original color . Highly satisfied !
 I used this pen to get a green Oregon football helmet signed and it worked wonderfully . Highly reccocmend for anybody trying to find a pen to get autographs with for helmets
 The pen writes with an even smoothness far better than I 've come to expect from fountain pens at the higher end , where less attention is paid to writing with them than to making them beautiful . This is a very fine writing instrument as well as attractive to the eye . It is very slim which may not be to everyone 's taste as it is to mine .
 what a simple idea and a great treat for the traveller . I trave internationally all year long , from Abu Dhabi , thailand , Europe and the USA . Travelling light and comfortable is the goal . Having to carry a 17 '' computer is a shore and this little product really works . I place it between the screen and keyboard of my HP and it fits perfect . I place it on the desk , table or even the bed sheets and it the digital mouse glides to perfection . Very highly recommended for the seasoned traveller and those wishing to be .
 This mousepad is perfect in every way . Extra wide `` mousing '' surface . Protects screen & keyboard during travel . So thin & lightweight it takes up virtually no space at all . `` Mousing '' surface is ultra soft , like suede or microfiber . Definately worth the money .
 This is a great and inexpensive cloth mousepad that you can put over the keyboard of your laptop when you close it . So it is easy to transport , protects the laptop and all my mice -LRB- I am a computer mouse addict -RRB- glide very smoothly over it . I already bought two of them .
 I love this mousepad . For the cost , it was just what I was looking for . I recently bought a Razer mouse and wanted something better than just my tabletop to use it on . The mousepad is thin so it fits in my closed laptop - which I love ! The microfiber has a great feel , and the rubber bottom keeps it from going everywhere when you use it . I definitely recommend this mousepad . Sure you could get a better one if you spent $ 50 , but why ?
 This mousepad is a great solution for any traveler who uses a mouse with their laptop.I 'm a college student so I bring my macbook to school on a daily basis , and before I bought this mousepad I normally used a piece of cloth to protect the screen . It got annoying to have to keep track of where I placed it when I start packing everything up so I figured this mousepad is perfect because it doubles as a screen protector from keyboard scuff/burn . Ok , on to the specifics . It is a bit thick for my macbook when I close the lid , but that 's probably because the macbook 's screen design is very narrow and the lcd indention is slightly smaller than the pad . I tried it on other laptops like the Sony VIAO and it fits really well . I 'm sure it does for others like HP or Dell too as long as the indention is bigger.So in comparison to standard desktop mouse pads , it 's about a quarter of the thickness and adds about 1/5 more width to the workspace . Wider is better , yes?The material its made of is similar to the usual , cloth on top and rubbery bottom . However it is not as `` rubbery '' as standard ones . It feels a bit more synthetic foamy material as what you 'll find on laptop sleeves . And it 's not as firm , meaning its a bit flimsy so you 'll need a pretty hard table surface to use on . Though it is stretchy to some extent so I would say its quite durable.I 've owned it for about a month now and I 'm pleased to say I 'm really satisfied with the work and design that went into this product to make it a hybrid solution for travelers .
 The only problem that I 've found with this item is the size listed in the product details . The details state that the item is 8.8 x 0.2 x 13.2 , but it 's more like 7 x 0.2 x 10.75 , meaning it 's 2 inches short of being wide enough to protect my entire laptop screen -LRB- my laptop is a 14 '' Acer TimelineX -RRB- . The mouse pad itself is great and if I could find a larger version on Amazon , I 'd buy it . This items is great , so even though it 's not the size I need , I give it 5 stars .
 This is an item woth hunting for . Not only is it a must for the laptop user who likes using a mouse it conveiniently stoes over the keys under the lid which also protects the screen from being marked by the keys which is a problem with ultra tis devices .
 I really like this mousepad . It is truly small enough to fit inside the laptop and not accidentally hit any buttons . Even if not inside the laptop and just in the bag , it barely takes up any room . The mouse works well on it as well without a bunch of skipping around .
 Love it , great price and product . I was skeptical at first ... now I am very happy I purchased this product.If you travel , this is perfect .
 Got this for my sisters laptop and it was an instant hit.Amazon shows Product Dimensions
 Again my college age daughter needed a mousepad for use with her laptop . I was looking for something with a cool design and ran across this little beauty . It 's not designed but she agrees that function and quality takes precedence over appearance ... . A regular size pad for her wireless mouse and yet only a fraction of the height . When I saw it I thought it was a great idea but wondered if it would really fit inside the laptop without a problem . Well it does and she loves it . The convenience of popping open the computer and having the pad right at her fingertips makes it easy to find , easy to store , safe during transport and works great . The mouse works fine on the upper side and the lower side holds the item in place on the desk when in use . Another great find at Amazon for the college student or businesses on the move .
 I am a college student and a new user to the laptop game . I wanted a mouse pad that I could carry easily if I wanted to use a mouse with the laptop if I ever wanted to play a few games on the go . It fits nicely inside the laptop when you close it and is really a slick item -LRB- not surface wise -RRB- . Get one !
 I had this mousepad for a year or more and loved it - it fit nicely in my laptop and protected the screen from keyboard smudges -LRB- which I had seen before . -RRB- I was heartbroken when I realized I had left it behind in an airport terminal , and jumped on Amazon as soon as I got home to order another.The Travelsmart mousepad is thin but does n't slip on surfaces , and the mice I have used with it track perfectly . It 's great to use on glossy tables and other surfaces that mice would have trouble with . The only comment I have is that I think the replacement is a bit smaller than the old one . This may just be my imagination , and the new size is fine . Highly recommended for the traveler or anyone who wants a nice mousepad to always accompany their laptop . Just be sure to take it with you when you leave !
 This pen is very nice , but has a couple strange aspects that might not be to everyone 's taste . First of all it writes a very fine line . So fine in fact that it can be a little hard to read . Second , it is a bit shorter than the average pen -LRB- 51/8 th inches , whereas most of my other pens are about 51/2 inches -RRB- . It 's plenty long enough that you can still write quite comfortably , so for me it 's a non-issue , in fact I 'm beginning to prefer it . The pen looks quite classy and has a nice feeling of quality . It is a bit lighter weight than many pens I have , but still feels nice and solid , so no complaints . When I received the pen it vibrated a little when tapped , but once I tightened everything that went away . Of course it looks a little flashy/ostentatious so be sure that 's the look you want . Considering the fact that the pen is small , the bright color is n't overwhelming , but still red and gold is always going to stand out somewhat . As with all Waterman 's the actual writing is very smooth and feels very professional . Overall this is an excellent pen , with the only significant drawback being that it writes so finely that it can be hard to read -LRB- and I 'm unsure if the filler could be replaced to correct this issue -RRB- .
 This is a great stand , very sturdy , and the fact it 's adjustable is fantastic . It would be perfect , except that my computer has a front headphone jack . I thought the lip on the front of the stand would be low enough to allow access to the jack , but it really is taller than it seems . Since I love listening to music on my computer while working , I have to hook the little rubbery feet of the rear of my laptop on the back of the stand to sort of `` hang '' the computer away from the lip on the bottom of the stand . Otherwise , the jacks on the front of the computer are inaccessible . This would n't be a problem for any computer without front jacks , and for those , I think this stand would be perfect .
 I have been looking for a stand to use in the bed with the laptop . I currently use a box with little wedges under the rear to let air circulate . I love this stand . It fits my Toshiba like a glove . It is very heavy duty and worth the price , very adjustable for whatever slant you like .
 The Alsop-Redmond Laptop Notebook Stand is a very sturdy and functional product . It does n't wobble or make noise like some stands are notorious for doing . The only flaw with this particular product is that its design fails to accommodate USB or Headphone Jacks unless they are located in the middle of the laptop . Otherwise , it meets all expectations for most computer laptops .
 Like one of the other reviewers , I was looking for a sturdy , reliable , serious laptop stand . I was not looking for a pretty piece of useless plastic , so the Allsop seemed like a good fit . I have been using it for months now and am very happy . Its ratchet design allows for pretty flexible adjustment of the angle my laptop is supported at . Also , my laptop is not running as hot anymore , so the cooling effect appears to work quite well . The Allsop might not be the cutest stand on the market , but it does its job very well and is exactly what I wanted . I highly recommend this item.I gave it four stars in the `` Noise '' category only because I do n't see how this category would apply to a laptop stand . Ease of use , stability and functionality are great .
 This computer stand is hard to find and the most versatile one I have found . great .
 This is second of these I have purchased . Good stability , adjustable height , good clearance for cooling . Would definitely recommend for any laptop user who does office as well as road work .
 A 17 '' Laptop fits well on it . Adjusts to various heights , and is far sturdier than others that I have seen . Fits my purposes well .
 This is an excellent laptop stand . I currently am supporting my 8lb hp 17 '' laptop with it and the space underneath and airflow around it is great . It 's extremely sturdy , which is what I was looking for . Quality product for the price !
 I was looking for a heavy , sturdy , and adjustable stand to hold my laptop . This stand qualified on all fronts and I think it 's a great product . I did n't want some cheap plastic stand that would slide around if you bumped into it . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a nice notebook stand .
 I 've been using this stand at work for two months now , and I really like it . They 've pretty much thought of everything ... Sturdy , varying positions , vent holes for heat , durable non-skid surface , sleek design . And it has really helped some of the neck/back issues I was having when I tried using my laptop right on the table , without a separate keyboard .
 Rock solid , good angle . My laptop has audio out in the middle of front panel and the holding lip does n't block it because of its curvy shape . But if your laptop is too flat , it can be a problem .
 I turned to Amazon when I needed a Laptop Stand to read reviews and figure out what I needed . I wanted something that gave me lots of options in terms of how high I wanted it to be . Something stable , steady and lasting . Also of course I wanted something that looked good.Some Pros :1 . -RRB- This product looks awesome ! 2 . -RRB- It 's very stable and can hold large laptops3 . -RRB- The dip in the middle let me easily get to my front loading memory stick ready and other front function buttons .4 . -RRB- The hoes in the bottom allow my laptop to stay cool and not run hot .5 . -RRB- Soft rubber surface protects my computer from scratches .6 . -RRB- It has a LOT of adjustments so I could find that perfect height that worked for me .7 . -RRB- Something I like personally is it has some space under it for my cords , charger and stuff to help me keep things organized and nice and neat .8 . -RRB- The lip is high enough to not let the computer slide off but also not too high like some I 've seen.I use it everyday all day at work so I get a lot of face time with it and I 'm very happy with my decision . I know it will last and I like it a lot . I use it along side of a 19 '' Samsung SyncMaster 245bw and it works great . Everyone in the office has commented on it . My manager said just yesterday how awesome it looked . At the same time it 's not hot pink or bright red so it blends in well and looks professional.You could use this anywhere . One reviewer said it was heavy and I almost did n't buy it because of that but it 's not heavy at all . Hope this helps . I 'm always grateful for people who review products so that I can make the right decision when buying .
 Does what it 's supposed to as far as raising up the laptop screen . It 's also made of quality materials and looks good . The only issue is that it can be tricky to move around with the laptop on the stand , since you have to be careful you do n't change the angle or collapse the stand . Also be sure to lift the stand up when moving it , as the rubber feet slid off on mine and the adhesive streaked across my desk.Also as one reviewer said , large/bulky laptops probably wo n't work . I have a pretty standard sized dell lattitude d630 , and that fits perfectly . . anything larger probably would n't work so great.Minor complaints though , and no reason not to get the stand .
 A great stand that allows you to have your notebook in a more comfortable position to prevent neck strain . I bought this product after finding out I had lost 80 + % of my natural neck curvature from looking down at a laptop screen over a period of 4 years . I am now trying to create a more ergonomic workstation.Pro ` sSolid steel constructionContemporary designKeeps notebook running cool with perforations on the matAdjustable -LRB- several different angles -RRB- Con ` sIf you have audio input jacks , mic input jacks or an SD media card slot on the front of your laptop -LRB- as such with my Dell Vostro 1510 -RRB- BEWARE as you might lose functionality of these with the small lip on the front of this stand.In my case , I never use the mic input so that was no problem but not having access to the audio/headphone jack is a major problem . My solution involved a drill bit and a metal file to make it work ! My modification looks pretty much factory so I am happy with the result.Oh should mention , my SD media card slot is in the middle where there is slightly less of a lip so it was unaffected.I know this info would have been appreciated before I bought so figured I would post a review of my own .
 Had this for like two years now and I still use it . It is heavy so do n't purchase as a lap stand . I holds books too but needs to be propped a little since its made for pcs . Great though
 I like this product very much . I did not want a plastic stand for my laptop computer , and I appreciate the sturdiness and good appearance of this design . Holes in the stand ensure good ventilation , and adjustment of the angle is simple.One reviewer commented on a tendency for their laptop to slide off the stand . This is not a problem for me , even though my Toshiba Satellite Pro laptop computer does not have a square front edge . The lip of the stand that stops the computer sliding off measures about 18mm deep , while the nose of my computer is about 15mm above the surface it sits on.When deciding to buy this stand , I was concerned that it might raise my computer too high above the desk surface . -LRB- My desk surface is already quite high . -RRB- With the stand set at the angle I want , the front part of my computer is about 6.5 cm -LRB- 2.5 inches -RRB- above the desk surface . This actually works OK for me , although I do use my laptop mainly for reading material on the screen and not much for typing .
 I was looking for `` certificates of recognition '' for my student council officers . After much investigating , I came upon Amazon.com 's collection . Not only were the recipients delighted , but other staff members were impressed enough to inquire as to where they came from .
 For what I wanted it for . Colorful , stronger than cardboard ... somewhat challenging to put together , but worth it . :-RRB- Paper , craft and jewelry shelf storage with tag to mark what 's inside . No guessing !!! Thanks !
 fast service and these really work for paper storage and etc. . Remember these are very light weight cant hold anything heavy .
 I have ordered these before and loved them so much I ordered another set . They are wonderful for organizing papers you need to keep , perhaps that you do n't need to look at every day but need to know exactly where they are -LRB- example - I used them to hold all receipts for home improvements to a particular residence and when I sold and needed to use the receipts , I was able to lay my hands on them immediately -RRB- . Once you figure out which corners tuck best which way , they go together quickly and easily and have been very sturdy .
 I have purchased this Item because it is necessary for me to organize all my Magazines , Cooking Books and Files . I have received such Item in excellent conditions . You are splendid sellers . I will recommend you to some of my friends to order this product
 I used these boxes to organize small games whose boxes have been destroyed . They are easy to fold together and were surprisingly durable . I love the colors . The price is great .
 My home office looks so much more organized . Plus I am to find everything much easiser and be more effiecent
 The boxes were what I was expecting . The only drawback is that there is not something on the bottom side to keep it from slipping . I am stacking them and they tend to slide a bit more than I would like . This may take care of itself as they fill up and there is more weight in the box itself .
 These plastic boxes are easy to assemble if you take your time and understand the procedure . They are not the strongest thing available but i think they will serve the purpose well . I use them for my bills and such . Also I bought one of those type of shelves that are woven basket look over wire at World Market and 2 of these boxes fit perfectly on each shelf basket which are 4 inches high sides .
 These boxes do require assembly . While they are a bit flimsy when used to store CDs or DVDs in paper sleeves , these boxes are a very economical way to store several hundred discs .
 Boxes were easy to assemble - but too small to use for tapes or DVDs .
 These magazine holders are stylish and cheerful . Product meets my expectations . Delivery was fast . Assembly was simple .
 I bought these to keep birthday cards in , etc. . I also keep one in my kitchen to put away my daughter 's art when we take it off the fridge . She keeps the pink one in her room to put keepsakes in . No clutter or having to find a place to put things when you have these convenient nice-looking boxes around . They we 're also easy to put together .
 Received these quickly and in perfect shape . These are not good for `` stand alone '' type of storage as they need to be supported . I have them in two 's and three 's in between other books for support on a bookshelf . They do better when you have them at close to 75 % capacity , as they will tip over because the magazines slide inside the case and they are thin plastic . They look very nice on the book shelf between the books and this way they are fully supported . The black is not translucent plastic . They fit together at the bottom in a series of tabs and slots . They have a place for a note card on the front . The slope of the case is perfect for being able to view your magazines being in the front . Others have the opposite design , where the tall part is in the front and you can not see the magazines , if that is your goal . Would purchase more . Andy ...
 Arrived on time . Good size and quality for sorting my genealogical material . Easy to use . They will help me get organized .
 They work for what they are advertised . Do n't expect to organize guns and gold bars in these . They 're good for paper , folders , pencils and that sort of thing .
 What a nice set of corrugated plastic lidded boxes . Great colors , sturdy , long-lasting , and they even accommoate a little label . I could n't be happier .
 These helped me organize my work station at home . They are easy to assemble and look professional . They came as promised and whole process was hassel free .
 These files are terrific - I pre-folded them along the crease lines as the directions indicated , & even though they do not all have full magazine size materials in them , they stand up perfectly . They are a bright , cheerful , & very helpful , addition to our resource library on cancer.Thank you .
 LOVE these magazine files . They work out great and assembly was a piece of cake after prefolding all of the creases , as the assembly tip said . I bought these for $ 15.00 total -LRB- including shipping -RRB- , which works out to $ 3.00 per file . After months of trying to find reasonably priced magazine files -LRB- less than $ 5.00 a piece -RRB- , I finally settled on these and am happy with them . The colors are SO cute and are great for the kind of visual organizing I enjoy . I can remember that certain magazines are in the green one , for instance , instead of having to search labels on a whole row of them . I plan on buying more in the future .
 I 'm an elementary school teacher , and needed something for the students to keep books in . I did n't want cardboard because I feel it would have been a waste of money . I LOVE these colorful files . Sometimes the bottom will cave in , but it 's SO EASY to put back together . My students can even do it themselves .
 I was searching for some colorful boxes to go in my open home office shelves to organize papers , etc. . These are very lightweight and very colorful . When I first got them they appeared to be flimsy and it took a little while to figure out how to put them together easily . I did not think they would be very durable . However , this is the second set I have bought ! I bought one set about a year ago and have had no problem with durability . They have all held up remarkably well . Great little organizers . They stack in my shelves very easily and fit nicely in the shelves . And what I like most is the color they add to the room . They are sturdier than they first appear - especially once you put &#34; stuff &#34; in them . And I especially love the price . At this price I could afford to organize a larger section of my shelves than I could have with other storage containers . I would purchase more - if I needed them .
 The short review : I purchased with Amazon Prime -LRB- free shipping -RRB- , and received excellent value for my money.The long review : The goal
 When they first arrived I thought I had a `` pig in the polk '' as they appeared flimsy . But I put them together , with some difficulty , and found them to be quite adequate .
 I needed some way to organize all the stuff in our house , especially in my kids ' rooms . These fit the bill . They do n't take up much space , you get several in a package , and they are nice colors . They are ever so slightly flimsy , but they are document boxes , after all . I am pleased with this purchase .
 Very durable , a little bit overly flexible and must be set next to one another or next to a book etc so they wo n't fall over or twist too much .
 Alright , so they are n't the sturdiest of boxes , but to get so many for such a low price , they 're practically unbeatable . They arrive in a flat parcel and are easy as pie to assemble . If you have lightweight items to store , then they should serve you well for a very long time . Great looking colors , too .
 These boxes are great . I considered buying similar , but more sturdy product from the container store for $ 7 per box . Clearly these are of a different material , and a different quality but they are great for the price . No problem putting them together , fast shipping , good colors , sturdy enough to stack .
 Length :
 Took a bit of time to assemble but for the price these are great ! I am using them to store photos in!So excited to get organized !
 I own this fone for almost 6 months now and I have been using almost pretty rough , its a nice fone with good at & t plans . recommended for college students or anyone who doesnt want to use it all day long . Price on this one is pretty good and best of all no contracts ! I agree with the other reviewer saying that this one sure gets you a lot of compliments , good design . Giving it 4 stars just becuase i 'd like my phone to have a little more substance
 I dont understand why people jump to such negative conclusion about such great products !!! well first of all its a BASIC handset so TECHIES shoud know better about what this phone has to offer before they make it look bad to all who are intersted in buying . IN MY OPINION THIS IS GREAT BASIC PHONE and anyone who wants a phone to use it as a PHONE and not a camera or mp3 player etc then its a great buy , great ATT service plans - it sure is hassle free , just buy the kit , activate it with att and you are ready to make calls ! YES its that simple , no credit check , no wait !! Expensive looking phone - get compliments from friends all the time !! BOTTOM LINE
 There are wooden file cabinets about the same size at half the price but I 'm glad I bought this one . It arrived almost fully assembled -LRB- except for handles and wheels -RRB- . It is beautiful and well made with excellent fit and finish . And I like the unusual design with three sizes of drawer -- it fits my needs better than other three-drawer designs -LRB- which are rare enough to begin with -RRB- .
 Both of my parents died of cancer , so my primary goal was to support Cancer Research . I think the idea of the Cross Pen , which is a symbol of excellence , is my way of supporting causes I believe in and adding an excellent tool to my office supplies at the same time . I happen to be one of those `` pen collectors '' . The pen is an excellent addition to my high-end writing tools .
 I collect breast cancer pens and this pen is one of my favorites . I have quite a few Cross breast cancer pens and was happy that I bought this one as well .
 Makes people take notice of the pink pen . It is really a comfortable pen to use . I really love the pink pen . Goes with the breast cancer awareness checks and checkbook that I also use . Would recommend it to anyone that likes to display the breast cancer awareness . People always want to know where to buy the breast cancer awareness pen . Thanks again for your promptness is mailing it to me .
 This limited-edition pen was created a couple of years ago by Cross . I gave one to my mother who is a breast cancer survivor -LRB- twelve years and still going strong ! -RRB- and whenever she 'd take it out to write a check or use it to take notes at meetings or seminars , everyone around her would comment and compliment her on it . Alas , she recently lost what had truly become her favorite pen and unfortunately Cross no longer has this item in stock . Imagine my delight to find out that I could get my mother a replacement of the same pen using Amazon .
 The pen shipped out very fast and I received it quickly . The pen was just as promised . It writes great and was a great price ! I would highly recommend it !
 Purchased a few for Christmas gifts . Nice to see them support a worthy project . And being a Cross pen , need say anything else about it 's quality .
 Fun , cute little cards . They are great to give as little notes to friends and loved ones . They are blank so write whatever you like .
 I think I am a stapler nerd . I use a stapler lots of times throughout the day at work . I 've used many staplers and most of them have become trashcan target practice within a month . I do n't think I 'm asking for much when I ask for a stapler that works but apparently I have to define what I mean by `` work '' . A working stapler
 This is the best home stapler ever . Never jams . Stands on end for quick-grab usage . This is the one to buy !
 well i must say this journey has been nothing easy but i would recommend this product considering that my son was able to name SOME of the flash cards like apple , ball , cat , dog , the fairly easy ones . He is 4 and has a very limited vocabulary so there are some pretty hard ones but i guess it gives him some to learn as he gets older . overall did this product help my son new words ? YES can he identify pictures and relate them to everyday items ? YES Reccomeend ? YESgood luck and i wish you all the very best as i know we want the very best for our kids and only want to see them overcome this horrible diagnosis . god bless .
 excellent tape . sticky on both sides , holds together , but does not stick forever like the 3M tape after 6 months or so . I 've found a hundred uses in my house for this tape .
 This tape seems to be strong enough my needs , and the dispenser is easy to use .
 I have a moderate to severe bilateral hearing loss and wear hearing aids . I can not hear well on standard phones even ones with a volume control . On the advice of my audiologist , I looked for a phone that could provide a 40 + db increase in volume . The Krown StarPlus 45 was one of the least expensive , but feature rich models that I looked at . Competitors that I looked at with similar features were usually twice as expensive.The phone works well with my hearing aids , which have a T-coil . I rarely even have to use the amplifier feature . The built in caller-ID is nice and the display is easy to read.I recommend this phone if you are looking for a corded model with amplification .
 I use a lot of velcro to make felt storyboard pieces , so after buying several rolls at the craft stores for $ 10 each and running out quickly . I finally bought this roll - it should last me years .
 This is tape . This tape works like other tapes . This tape is translucent . I like this tape . I would recommend this tape.I actually was buying a few things and at the time this qualified for free shipping ... so I took advantage of it and it saved me from going to the local store .
 This is regular cellophane/invisible tape . The kind of thing you keep on your desk to mend paper tears or seal poly bags and boxed items you intend to return and attach wrapping paper to itself . This is not duct tape , that stuff that is water proof , has a dark side , a light side , and binds the universe together -LRB- wait , is n't that the Force ? * shrug * -RRB- . This is good cellophane/invisible tape and at a decent price .
 Free Super Saver Shipping Filler ftw ! It 's regular tape , the non-shiny kind you can write on . Umm , it 's a good deal i guess . Plus it 's good that someone other than S **** h gets some business . I never really thought about the monopolies in the tape -LRB- and post-it-note ? -RRB- market . Late-night ramblings . Get the tape .
 Nice tape . No complaints from my staff . Does it 's job . Will buy again from the vendor . Came very fast in the mail .
 No , this is n't as `` transparent '' as the other brand , or the other brand 's `` Gift Wrap '' Tape . I have tried it on gift wrap , specifically silver metallic gift wrap and it is atrocious . Not a huge deal though , it 's just tape ! You can use it for plenty more things than gift wrap . You get a lot of it for less $ $ $ . I feel like I am always running out so I wanted to stock up on bargain tape . I pretty much only use this on white paper , or to help seal envelopes . I 'm not trying to make anything look nice and fancy . If that is what you need it for , then this is probably not for you . The tape seems to stick fine . It 's a great price for something that can quickly be used up , and I am constantly looking for tape around the house , which is why I wanted the three rolls . The odds of me finding at least one of them somewhere in the house is greater than if I spent the same amount of money on 1 roll of the leading brand .
 Needed tape and a filler so I could get up to the limit for Amazon 's free shipping - this worked perfect and now works great just as well as any other tape ... you know the kind ... it starts with and S and ends with cotch . Yeah , that one .
 This is decent tape.Delivered to your door.What 's not to like ? My daughter Loves the little duck picture on the tape container.Recommended .
 I bought this to replace the heavy pocket dictionary I usually carry around in my purse as I gallivant around China . As I am now at an intermediate learning level in Chinese , my checklist of important features might be different from that of other buyers.Lightweight
 I found the AM99 to be pretty easy to understand and to begin using . It does n't have all the words that I had been learning buy studying the Pimsleur Mandarin course but that was to be somewhat expected . My only disappointment was the Pinyin input capabilities . 1st you can not enter tones . 2nd the results are all in Chinese and you have to select each character to get it 's English meaning and you have to start all over to go to the next character . 3rd there were several Pinyin words that I tried to enter but the Am99 would not accept them . Try a simple word such as `` nar3 '' and you can only input `` na '' . Pinyin input was the # 1 reason I went with the AM99 and after getting it Pinyin input is my # 1 complaint . The AM99 also is limited due to its clock functions being set to Beijing . You set it for you local time -LRB- wherever that is -RRB- and the AM99 takes that to be Beijing local .
 I bought one unit as a Christmas gift for my eleven year old daughter who is learning Chinese . She absolutely loves it . I asked her why she liked it so much . She said
 I am an Enlish Professor teaching at a University in Guizhou Province in Southwest China . This translator has become my most valuable tool for both my students and I . When they want to tell me something and do n't know the English word , they type in the Chinese and it immediately translates the word to English . When I shop and do n't know the Chinese word , I type in the English word and press `` english to chinese '' and the shopkeeper immediately knows what I need to buy . I would be very frustrated without this tool ; instead , my experience in China has been fabulous !!
 I 've done all the cassettes and CD program in the car , but those can only take you so far . When in China , I 've always failed to make it to conversation level . At the very least , there are some terms that seem to be stumbling blocks . That 's when I whipped out this pocket electronic gizmo . Worked well , however its not intuitive in its design . One really should sit down and try to read the manual before using it in a real life setting.Ideally , you really need to study Chinese in an academic setting along with this product . That 's when you can really leverage its variations for a particular word . The voice sounds are realistic and not computer-sounding . In short , this a useful tool , but certainly not the savior to your language barrier .
 Others have testified to this product 's usefulness , but I just want to throw in a thought about a written dictionary v. an electronic one . I 've taken one year of Chinese , and I 'm now doing a Chinese immersion program in Beijing . Suffice it to say , my Chinese sucks , but it 's getting better . However , just yesterday I had a three-hour conversation with a Chinese woman at a restaurant . Without my dictionary , it would have been impossible b/c I would have spent so much time flipping through pages . Electronic dictionaries enable you to have -LRB- relatively -RRB- meaningful conversations even at a low skill level . So get one ! This one 's great !
 My mother bought the AM99 for my recent trip to Shanghai . She was worried because I never learned how to speak Chinese and that I might get lost somewhere without being able to find my way back . When I got there , of course -LRB- as I often do -RRB- I got lost around the Xiangyang Market and had no clue where the metro was or how to pronounce my destination to a taxi driver . After asking some locals for directions -LRB- with my usual charade of motioning arms and speaking loudly in English -RRB- , they were seriously confused , so I took out my AM99 and typed in train . It announced the word train in Chinese and they pointed me in the correct direction . From then on , I used that method the whole time in Shanghai . The phrase guide helped me bargain at the market , ask where the tourist office was and to ask for a restroom . Although my communication was very basic , I got around much easier than if I did n't have it with me . This device is excellent for anyone who does n't have the time to learn Chinese , but needs to know some basic words and phrases . Love it love it love it ! I wish this came in all languages ; then I 'd be set !
 On my first business trip to China I was extremely nervous about not communicating properly in a foreign country . I did n't speak Mandarin , but I wanted to learn so I could show respect to my potential Chinese business partners by conversing in their native language . I bought the BBK AM99 to assist me in achieving my goal . The electronic voice helped my speech with correct intonations and the pre-set phrase templates made me more comfortable in greeting someone , asking for information and ordering at a restaurant . The functions are easy to use and there are also travel features within the device , such as a calendar and information on China . After using the AM99 for a short period of time , I was confident in presenting my new skill . The Chinese partners were impressed that I had taken the time to learn some Mandarin and my small courtesy helped put my business proposal in a more favorable light.The AM99 was a definite factor in ensuring my success overseas . This product has been so accommodating for my business ventures ; I would absolutely recommend this to other Asia business travelers !
 Length :
 My daughter took this to China with her and she said it was fantastic ! She was in the hotel and needed to ask the maid for more towels and able to do it using this gizmo .
 I recently purchased the AM99 for my son since he attends a Chinese immersion program . I thought it would be a great idea to give him a tool that would help him communicate with his friends . After one week of using the AM99 my sons ability to communicate with his friends has increased . The human voice feature on the AM99 has allowed my son to effectively communicate with his buddies . The AM99 is easy to use and allows for easy travel . The specialty dictionaries for biology , computers , business , medicine and Chinese medicine further expands the AM99 's capabilities . Another key feature of the AM99 is the knowledgebase for music , poem , arts , history , Chinese handwriting , travel sites and local customs . These tools allow for my son to connect with the Chinese friends that he normally would not be able to . With the AM99 my son has new opportunities at school that were not apparent before due to language barriers.I have used the AM99 and found the user interface extremely easy to use . It was simple to follow the instructions and in no time I was fully operating the unit . My son has not had any issues with the AM99 since we purchased it . Overall , the AM99 has performed flawless and I will continue to look for other innovative products from BBK . 5 STARS from me and my son !!!
 I 've always wanted to learn Mandarin and be able to watch Mandarin speaking movies . With this tool my Mandarin speaking and listening skills have greatly improved . The tool is about the size of a calculator so you can bring it with you whereever you go . The interface of this electronic dictionary is really easy to use . It goes from English to Chinese and vice versa . It can even speak the Chinese words so you can practice along with the voice . Another cool feature that I 'm sure I will use is the conversational phrase section . You can search through a bunch of preprogrammed common , useful , phrases and it will say it . If I ever go to China or Taiwan I can just punch up the phrase I want and be able to say it or have the computer say it for me . I highly recommend this tool . It 's educational and practical !
 It arrived a couple days after I ordered it . It 's more than I expected , from the description it seemed like a basic translator , which was just what I was looking for , but it has so many great options , including the translator saying the words in English , Mandarin , and Cantonese . Great purchase !
 This is an impressive tape , crystal clear , durable yet having strong adhesive properties . It is excellent for gift wrapping . One would not notice the tape at all . Only a slight reflection of light caused by its glossy finish would give away its existence . I originally ordered it as a filler to enable the free SuperSaver shipping . I later ordered additional quantities for its intended uses . I prefer this tape to the similar tapes by Scotch .
 Hard to say why they even make the so called magic -LRB- frosted -RRB- tapes . When these crystal clear tapes are truly magic . I recall when the frosted types came out as a kid and the frosted stuff shows on everything you wrap ... but it adverstisement and hype suggests otherwise . Scotch 's crystal clear tape is hard to find for some odd reason of late . It used to be available a few years ago in both 3/4 and 1/2 and 1 inch . I liked the two larger sizes for my projects of making accordian style cards and small photo albums . But for some odd reason it 's almost impossible to find and the price has soared higher and higher . Until just a simple 3/4 by 650 costs almost 8 dollars a roll . Thats just highway robbery . And so along comes this Duck brand by Henkel it 's just as good perhaps better . Would like to find a 1 inch size too . Would like to find it in the 3-4 packs you used to get the Scotch with it 's pretty colored marbled plastic centers ... showing off the crystal clarity . But since I remove the scotch tapes from their plastic holders and place them in a dispenser making it easier to use during projects ... . unlike the other reviewer I could care less about the cardstock colored holder . I bust them up & throw the package away . At half the price of the Scotch this is a good deal & equal in value . The 1 inch variety was 1,000 length in Scotch and seemed to go a lot further than these shorter 650 feet do ... so I went through 3 of these just to make my Xmas cards this year which was a series of 6 photo 's plus a front & back greeting . I think Scotch and all tape makers should just make this one crystal clear type of tape . Crystal clear literally is magic as in not seen on any of my laminated projects or directly on the photos themselves both glossy paper and mattes and it hides beautifully on almost all wrapping papers . I used matte photo paper for the first time this year and was afraid this tape would n't do as well as it does with glossy and laminated photo pages . It performed like magic . Make 1 inch and 1,000 foot rolls please . Surprised all the crafters out there have n't picked up on the clear tapes as superior and the scotch brand holds it 's clarity without yellowing . I do n't know if this brand will hold up in time but expect it should . Time always tells .
 This tape was on sale at a great price so I had to jump on it and buy it . I had never heard of this brand before so I was n't expecting much . Turns out this is great tape and just as good as Scotch tape which is a lot more expensive . The adhesive is very strong and the tape itself is strong as well . I 've had no issues with the tape in any of the applications I 've used so far . It dispenses rather easily as well .
 This was good tape . It was sticky on one side , and not sticky on the other . When used correctly , it will hold stuff together . It is also crystal clear , so you can barely see it ! I did n't the like the red and green colors of the package though , I would have preferred a blue , or maybe a black .
 I bought myself a Christmas gift that may be my best purchase ever.Unstuff Your Life !
 The product was delivered on time and as advertised . For the money , these folders are hard to beat ; durable , professional , and sturdy . If bought retail -LRB- instead of Amazon -RRB- , then I would pay at least double .
 I have had luck with the ACCO folders in various sizes . This time I ordered folders with less capacity than usual . Whatever size you need , the folders are stable , keep documents fastened and hold up well if you need to travel with them . They are a little expensive , but they are worth the cost because they last forever .
 These are quality folders -- they arrived promptly and without any negative issues . I 've ordered several times and always receive a good product .
 Exactly as described , sturdy classification folders . Nice color and high quality material made these hard to beat whatever the use .
 Good tape . Sticks well . Invisible . Does the job . Free shipping for Prime members like me . Nice !
 Invisible , sticky , gets the job done ! Everybody needs tape ! I add this to my cart when I need a filler to qualify for Free Shipping !
 `` Duck Brand Invisible Tape '' is good all around general purpose household tape . Being somewhat cheaper -LRB- and giving an extra 50 '' per roll as well -RRB- than the leader in the market , Scotch Magic Tape , I decided to give Duck Brand a try.The Matte finish is good , making it non-reflective and hard to spot in most lighting . It does disappear fairly well on most papers , including gift wrap , but Scotch Tape is marginally less obtrusive to my eye . It can be written on with marker and pencil , but ball point pen did not take well.In summary , this is a good value tape that beats the generics hands down . The price difference between this tape and Scotch Tape might be enough to justify switching for most uses.Recommended !
 The tape is every bit as good at Scotch , as far as I can tell . And at the price this is a wonderful item to fill up your order to $ 25 for free shipping . Hope Amazon gets it back in stock .
 This little item is great to order when you -LRB- always -RRB- need tape and a little amount more to qualify for free shipping
 Not any better than Scotch , but bought this to get to $ 25 for free shipping !!!
 When I opened up the box I though that Amazon had screwed up and forgot to include my item . But then I noticed the rattling sound inside the box ... INVISIBLE TAPE !!! While I was initially disappointed that the tape does n't match the online picture , this disappointment wore off after I realized the value of completely invisible tape . I like to stick in on my cats and they ca n't see it.Unfortunately I set it down somewhere and forgot where it is ! Next time I 'm going to get a slightly more visible tape for convinience .
 Scotch tape is excellent , man . I would like to thank God for it . It helps me hold pieces of plastic models together while the glue dries.Thanks God ! -LRB- spoken while pointing both index fingers toward the heavens ! -RRB-
 This is a terrific product , quiet and efficient . So far there is n't anything that it ca n't chew up .
 I ordered Fellows shredder online for $ 142.00 . In the SF Chronicle weekend Office Depot sales brochure this was offered for around $ 70.00 . I just wish I had waited , Office De ; pot offered different Fellows shredders starting at $ 50 dollars . I could have saved a bundle . This is my third Fellows shredder.Patricia O'Sullivan
 Can not give a truthfull review as it was purchased as a gift for a family member who lives out of state ! If it operates as well as mine then I would rate it a 4
 Great product . Works very well and provides great security for documents that you shred.It is a powerful piece of machinery and takes alot of items at one time.I am totally satisfied .
 We bought this after our older , smaller shredder got its cutting wheel incredibly jammed up with paper shreds , enough to bend some of the cutting wheels . So we definitely wanted something tougher which would last without this silly failure.This shredder is definitely bigger heavier costlier and tougher , all in the same proportion . You get what you pay for here . Nice surprise is the sound it makes is quieter and of a less grating tone . A separate CD slot is a welcome addition.Shortcomings ? There is a safety feature where the thing wo n't run unless the shredder heat is correctly centered on the basket . If it is a bit ajar , a red light indicates the problem . This takes a bit of getting used to , and it is all too easy to bump the head and get it offset enough to disable it . Not much of a complaint really , but that 's the biggest thing we have.This shredder is explicitly made for medium-duty office use , with a pages/month rating that we will seldom if ever exceed . In such an office it ought to work fine though eventually it might need repair or replacement . We are hoping it will last ridiculously longer in a light-duty home environment .
 This is more of a heavy duty shredder than my previous one . I used it to shred a lot of duplicate checks and it did not jam and a red light told me when it was overheated so I shut it off and resumed in 5 minutes . This is so much better than the previous shredder that besides jamming decided it only wanted to run in reverse , so now it resides in the scrap metal container at the recycling center .
 This is my 2nd shredder . My first was a $ 50 model which is not really a good investment . These things are always less durable than they say , however this particular model seems up to teh task . I have been feeding it 6-10 pages at a time , -LRB- vs. the 12-page limit -RRB- and it runs without problems . In over 3-4 weeks of shredding , it 's only heated up once , but I was running it for a good 10-15 minutes without stopping.As long as you do n't overdo it it seems to perform quite well.I would make this purchase again .
 So far we are very pleased with this unit . Also bought the Fellowes Shredder Oil and following their instriuctions to a `` T '' -LRB- oil it up after every bin is emptied , pretty easy -RRB- . It powered through a pile of shredding and handles our daily loads very well . Had an Aurora unit for a while but it was just not easy to use . this one is easy to use , the bin holds a lot of paper , and it is a good buy in my opinion .
 I 've owned the shredder for about a month and so far , so good . It has performed as promised and advertised .
 Works great . Easy to assemble . Size is good for shredder work load . Easy cleanup and out of the way storage when not in use .
 After wearing out several lighter shredders , we got tired of replacing them . So we bought this heavier product . It is fantastic ! Handles multiple pages at once . Does not get packed down with paper in the shredder teeth like others do.We were at first fearful about shredding credit cards and CDs/DVDs since this ruins other shredders that were also rated to handle them . But this shredder lives up to its reputation ! It seems to handle everything we have tried.Love it !
 We have only had this shredder for a month or so . It is working very well , used approximately five or six times a day . Price was excellent for the features , would recommend .
 I just purchased the shredder so I need more time to accurately give a review . So far it has been a good and decent shredder . It shreds credit cards very easily . It has a very very heavy top which I could not believe was to sit on top of the flimsy plastic bottom/basket . It is working fairly well and it is nice to just pull out the basket to dump the pieces . I love this feature as my old shredder , I had to remove the top to dump the pieces .
 Credit cards and thicker sheets of paper are also no problem for this shredder . We have been able to go for about 30 minutes before the shredder overheated and shut down . It usually takes about 15 minutes before you are able to use it again , but after the first overload protection shut-off , the use time is significantly reduced . After the first time , I would say you are good for only 10 minutes or so before it shuts down again . My advice would be to give it at least an hour to completely cool down or you 'll become annoyed very quickly .
 I bought this shredder several months ago and waited to write my review until I could experience its use . I have not been disappointed . I 've owned a couple of less expensive Fellowes shredders before this one and when my last one burned up I decided to spend a little more . There is no comparison . This is the best shredder I have ever purchased . It is still going strong and I use it almost every day to shred the usual junk mail , receipts , etc. . Contrary to other reviewers , I have no problem with the size of the window to see the what the level is to empty the wastebasket . In fact , it 's a nice feature I did n't have on the cheaper shredders . Besides , the shredded paper pats down quite nicely so I rarely have to empty it . I also really like the credit card slot , something the cheaper shredders did n't have either . I am very satisfied with this shredder . I recommend it wholeheartedly .
 I knew nothing about shredders other than using a few . The reviews at Amazon were a great help in educating me and led me to choose this model . What sold me on the brand were the stories of excellent customer service by the manufacturer . When it was delivered , I was amazed that the actual shredding head weighs 31 pounds . I do not use it every day so I do not keep it plugged in when it 's not in use . I have not had any problems , but if I learned anything from the reviews I read , it is buy the highest capacity -LRB- number of sheets of paper -RRB- shredder you can afford and pay attention to the comments about customer service . Feeding paper into this shredder is like feeding a starving animal . The speed with which it consumes the paper and the noises it makes while chewing it up are entertaining , but it is not an objectionably loud piece of equipment . I have not had it that long , but I am satisfied that I made a wise decision in buying it and that Amazon offered it at a good price . The outstanding factor in the whole transaction was that I did not have to go out to different stores shopping around , wasting gas -LRB- at close to $ 4 a gallon -RRB- and time . I found all of the information I needed and was able to comparison shop at Amazon .
 Does everything I have asked of this printer and keeping it oiled will make it last a long time . I try not to put more than 4-5 sheets of paper through at once . Credit cards , CD/DVD 's no problem .
 This is a solid home shredder . I had lots of junk mails - with credit card offer , etc. along with old bank/cc statements . I was able to get rid of 5 years of junk mails in 2 hours - including old credit cards . It has a separate place where you can shred credit cards . If it detects , human skin near the shredder area , it stops . It 's safe to use ! Definitely recommended !
 I 've just started to use this Fellows paper schredder , and so far I find it to be great.It 's quietness is amazing compared to the other shreders I 've had.It was very easy to assemble , and I was shredding in minutes.I find that it handles 6 to 8 sheets at once , which shortens the time it takes considerably.If the reliability matches the initial performance this will be the near perfect shredder .
 I purchased this shredder about a year ago and it works great . I believe that the quality of the product was worth the money .
 Just received my second Fellowes PS-77C Shredder after extensive use of my first Fellowes PS-77C shredder for over two years . Easy to set-up , easy to use . Shreds more paper at one time than most other shredders in this price range quickly and quietly . I would recommend this shredder to anyone looking for a reliable shredder for their home office .
 I absolutely love this product . I had a giant stack of shredding and the machine did not jam once . It ran for about 30-40 minutes before overheating - which was no problem . I probably shred 1500 pages before it overheated . It does live up to its description - shreds about 11 sheets at a time , but most of the time I put in 5-10 sheets at a time just to make sure I did n't get held up fixing a jam . Also , I used store bought small garbage bags to collect the shredding material . It is easy to empty . LOVE THE SHREDDER !
 The transparent plastic handle on the drawer broke the first day . For a good brand , I ca n't believe how poorly designed that plastic handle was . The rest of the machine works as expected . It shreds . It does not jam . It 's fast .
 Fellowes PS-77Cs , This sherdder works well and stronger than my previous Fellowes Shredder . It is a little more noisey than the previous . I would recommend it .
 Ordered Fellowes paper shredder from Amazon after reading lots of good reviews and looking at several other models and brands at some local stores -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- . It arrived in a reasonable amount of time and has worked perfectly every time we 've used it . We have not put it to any huge tests , but our last paper shredder lasted only a year , and we 're hoping to have this one last significantly longer .
 This product was purchased for my office . It was such a workhorse I purchased one for my home . I have used it for over 2 years and never had a problem . I am very impressed with its work .
 I am very pleased with the performance of this shredder . Ability to shred multiple sheets , with no jams . Much quieter than my last shredder . Paper receptacle has a large volume of capacity , requiring less trips to the dumpster . The only suggestion I would make to Fellows would be to take a look at the design of the feeding slot - in my opinion ; it would be more comfortable and quicker to feed paper in directly from the top , rather than on an angle . The angle requires you to shake the paper to make it rigid so it will feed in on a horizontal angle .
 Best shredder I have ever owned . The only drawback I have found is the catch basket is a little flimsy , however , I have had no problems with it so far .
 This is my second shredder . My 1st one seems pale in comparison . I have to say the Fellowes 32177 is very impressive . It seems well made & now that I 've used it a while I can honestly say I am very pleased with it . I did research shredders before buying . I did n't want to spend too much but I believe you get what you pay for .
 I 've been going through lots of old bills and papers from several years ago and most of them need to be shredded before being tossed . This shredder has done a great job . It is possible to feed more paper than it will handle at a time through the slot , but as long as you keep the number of pages at a reasonable level , it churns through them very well . The smaller slot works great for plastic credit cards ... I have n't tried a CD yet . I like the safety features ... it 's got a heat indicator LED if you use it too long at a time -LRB- more than about 20min running -RRB- and it shuts down until it cools . I 've been pleased with it .
 This shredder looks good within my offices space - I bought it for its appearance ad well as its functionality . The separate slot for media and the safety sensor are good features that made this shredder attractive for purchase .
 I love this machine . It just devours stacks of old bills . I went through a bag in one day . I now realize that I never really owned a real paper shredder until I purchased my fellowes .
 I love this thing . I actually am looking forward to every piece of spam mail I get . I just feed it in without even bothering to open the envelope and this thing makes it confetti in no time.You can feed it CDs and credit cards as well . It does n't matter.A lot of people have complained that it will start up sometimes when it should n't so I 've been keeping it powered off unless I am about to shred something which is working out wonderfully.I have yet to give it anything it could not handle and I 've fed it some thick envelopes.Long story short ... If you want a shredder that works reliably the first time every time , get this thing . So worth it .
 I bought this shredder for my Mom last month and she LOVES it . She talks about it all the time . For over a month now she has used it every day to shred years ' worth of old office and personal items , and has filled many large garbage bags full of shreds without a hitch . She loves the fact that it 's quiet -LRB- she can talk on the phone while shredding -RRB- and even looks great . She uses a clear bag in the bin and then empties it all into a larger trash bag for easy disposal . She oils it every time she fills the bin and has had virtually no jams . I did try it once with a couple of DVDs and it was a bit of a struggle , but it does work like a charm with credit cards.I know some people have complained about the base not being sturdy , but I do n't see that as a problem . Once the shredder is seated you just pull out the bin to empty it and it does n't fall apart or anything . My Mom has n't had any trouble with that.Overall I 'd say this is a great shredder for moderate home office/home use and worlds above the $ 50-type shredders you find at the big box stores .
 The weight of the machine alone tells you it is of good quality . This shredder shreds what it advertises with no problems . It 's easy to use and surprisingly not that loud at all.The only things I do n't like about the unit are that the waste basket is very flimsy . The shredder unit sits atop the basket and the bin slides out . It took a while for me to get the shredder base unit to attach securely to the bin . The waste basket does not seem to slide into the bin 100 % as I still see gaps at the sides . This is not a problem at all as it does not affect function but being that this is such a great shredder , I wish they had addressed the flimsy bin . In all honesty I do n't feel the bin is really flimsy it 's just that they chose the wrong bin for this shredder . This bin would work fine with a lightweight shredder not one that weighs almost 45 pounds.For $ 100 and free shipping , I do n't think you will find a better performing shredder . I am very happy with the purchase .
 UPDATE 10/26/2012
 This shredder is fantastic ! I decided to upgrade to a more robust shredder . Although my first shredder worked fine , it did n't take as many pages and it shredded strips . I decided it was time to upgrade when my boxes of documents started to overflow . This overflow was a direct cause because of the lack of motivation to shred and the tediousness of the task . I got my shredder in the mail and begin shredding that evening . I managed to get through sorting and shredding one box -LRB- paper box -RRB- in one evening . The shredder only needed to cool down a few times and that was certainly time for me to stretch anyway . I shredded two tall kitchen bags full ! As with any shredder , you will find shreds on the floor as you pull out the trash can and paper sticks in the blades , but it can be swept up easily . I could still see the paper level through my tall white kitchen bag I used to line for ease of use and if I did n't check , it would let me know my bags getting full , with a scrunch down of the shreds I could shred more in the same bag.The only thing I wish it had is a sleep mode rather than be on all the time . When left in the ready mode , the light is on and the power source is used . I would prefer to have it go to sleep and not be a drain on electricity when not in use . I have now shred three boxes full of documents and have had only successes -LRB- with the exception of my sore back from sorting -RRB- . Definitely recommend the shredder.Pros : Small shreds , more privacy and safetyEats right through credit cards and discsEats right though most junk mail that comes in mail -LRB- unopened -RRB-
 I really like this shredder . We 've had it a few months now and it has ` nt goofed yet . It makes a chewing kinda noise as it works , not a bad noise it just sounds like its eating the paper . If you need a semi serious shredder get this one .
 I have been giving this shredder heavy homeowner use and it really does the job - have owned other brands in the past and this shredder beats them all by far ! The drawer/tray works out quite well , it is a bit light weight but after all it is only holding shredded paper ... the shredder `` head unit '' is very heavy and quite powerful ...
 I have been very happy with this shredder so far . It is the perfect size for my needs and looks nice . It is probably not the quietest shredder on the market , but the sound is not unpleasant . It has a good capacity basket for holding the shredded documents . I have not had a problem with overheating.The only negative for some might be the effectiveness of the shut off mechanism . If I touch the shiny part on top of the mouth of the shredder it will stop shredding . However , I can stick my fingers actually into the mouth of the shredder without the sensor going off . Though the mouth of the shredder is narrow enough to prevent my fingers from reaching the blades , I would think a safety sensor should prevent reaching into the mouth too .
 I bought this shredder after my ` light duty ' shredder stopped working . I read some Amazon reviews and decided this was the shredder I needed . I have been extremely pleased with it , especially compared to the one that had just conked out . There is a very easy feed slot for the paper , it takes many sheets at a time , is relatively quiet and quick . It also quickly shreds credit cards and CDs . And the fact that the bottom is actually a drawer makes dumping the shredded paper easy .
 I 've now had this shredder for almost a year and I can say that it has met most of my expectations . It is a solid , good quality shredder that has survived the last year and still seems to be working almost as well as it did when I first bought it . My last two shredders -LRB- different brands -RRB- were already showing a lot of wear and tear by the end of the first year.Pros : - It is a workhorse and will shred for a long period of time without overheating . - I 'm able to shred a lot of junk mail -LRB- but not all -RRB- without opening the envelope . I can just stick the whole envelope in . - It is n't overly noisy while doing its job . - The removable bin is much nicer to deal with than taking the whole top off . It creates less of a mess when emptying . The window into the bin is nice as well.Cons : - The auto touch sensing safety device that shuts it off is mostly a gimic that does n't really do what it is intended to do . Yes , when the metal piece is touched it does shut off . However , the piece that actually senses touch is relatively small and you can reach in under it or even lift it up . The good news is that the slot for paper is pretty narrow and is at least as safe as shredders that do n't have the auto-sensing feature . - Clearing jams is more difficult on this shredder than other shredders I 've had . It is so powerful that when it does jam , the reverse drive mechanism really struggles to push it out and often requires a real acrobatic act to hold down the reverse button while trying to pull the jammed paper out . I 've had to have several tug of wars with jammed paper to really clear it out.Bottom line : I 'm still quite pleased with this shredder and would buy it again . I do wish the auto sensing safety shut off worked better , but I think the unit is still pretty safe to have around kids .
 We bought this shredder to shred 12 years of business and personel records , checks and documents . It has performed flawlessly and and done the job as advertised . More than satisfied with the purchase .
 I got this to replace a little less expensive `` other brand '' shredder and I now wish it had failed a lot sooner . This one is a lot quieter , does not send out any RF static and the bin is a drawer , not a tub so you can remove the shredded paper without removing the head which is very heavy . The shredded paper does not build a column of paper from the bottom of the bin but tends to self level which means you can shred more before emptying and the cutting heads never need to cleaned off . Really neat shredder . Good quality for a modest price and I hope it lasts a long , long time !
 I did a lot of research on shredders before I bought the PS-77c shredder . I was using an entry-level , cross-cut shredder that worked fine as long as you did n't feed more than 3 sheets at a time and did n't have a lot of shredding to do . I decided I needed a larger capacity shredder when I started working from home 2-3 days per week and also purged a lot of old bills , etc and realized that my little entry-level shredder just was n't up to the challenge.I did review a lot of user reports on amazon.com as well as several other sites and saw some of the knocks on this model , but decided that the good far outweighed the bad so I gave it a shot . And so far , no problems . It 's seen moderate use , and shreds like a champ . The best part is that now when those annoying junk-mail credit card offers come in , I can just feed that entire envelope in the shredder without opening it and taking out the fake cards.For now , this shredder gets two thumbs-up , but I 've only been using it a couple months . If I do start experiencing issues , I 'll jump back out and let everyone know . I tend to rely on these user reviews , so I try to keep mine up to date .
 I had to a get another cross cut shredder , because the older one I have is very , very noisy . Granted , it 's a cross cut shredder so I figured it 'd be noisy from the meshing gears . But , it 's really loud and I need one that I can use at night w/o waking up my dauhgter , and shred more than 8 paper at once.This shredder fits that bill . It can shred 12 pages at once , and the motor is relatively quiet . Enough that I had used it at night w/o waking my daughter . As another reviewer mentioned , the motor has more torque to handle more load , so it 's just a touch slow . Not a concern for me.Pluses :1 . 12 pages at once means you can throw some junk mails in w/o opening it .2 . The motor is relatively quiet . I 've heard quieter ones , but they were straight cut shredders .3 . The touch sensor is quite nice . I have a 3 year old , so the sensor is a welcomed addition , although it was n't the deal breaker .4 . It has a slit on top to check the amount of paper you 're about to shred . I 'd slip envelopes through it ; if it slips through , it 's within 12 pages . If it does n't , it 's more than 12 pages thick.PS - The unit can only run continously for 10-12 minutes . If you keep going past 12 mins , it 'll overheat.PPS - I had just finished a MOUNTAIN of junk mails , old bank statements , and YEARS worth of paychecks and other crap . Ca n't believe I 'm done !! PPPS - Bought mine from Adorama in NYC . Cheaper , and I do n't have to wait a week for delivery ...
 This shredder is great . It is powerful , but relatively quiet . It is convenient in that the paper bin lifts out without having to remove the heavy sheading element -LRB- i.e. it just slides out to be emptied , and slides straight back in again -RRB- . Before this shredder , I had a cheap lightweight shredder from Staples . It was terrible - noisy and difficult to empty . It also stopped working after just six months of use.I am very happy with this Fellowes model and would highly recommend . Good price - great value .
 OK , I 've only owned this shredder a few days . However , I would like to comment on it . First , everybody 's else 's opinion is right . This shredder is great . The motor hardly slows to eat up my credit cards and turn them into confetti . The shredder unit is heavy compared to the other shredders I 've owned . Construction is far superior to the last shredder I purchased from Wal-Mart . I love the easy to remove bin , the status lights , the safety features , and the overall size of the unit ... not to big or too small . This shredder is quiet and powerful . I like the longer time it runs after shredding is done because it clears out the paper from the shredder teeth better . After I purchased the shredder , I actually read the brief instructions . I found there are certain items not to shred such as newspaper and tranparencies . This is not a problem for me but should be noted by some other users who may have indiscriminatge users in their office or around the home . The price was great , the free Amazon shipping did not take but a few days and I the reviews were very helpfull . I love my new shredder !
 I was looking for a confetti cut shredder that would handle a reasonable stack of pages -LRB- at least 9 -RRB- and also handle credit cards . This shredder fits the bill . I 've only had one jam since I got it . I have to admit that I was pushing the limit on number of pages when this happened .
 I purchased this shredder maybe three months ago -LRB- after a good amount of research -RRB- , and proceeded to shred 6 years worth of my mom 's old bills and whatever useless junk she had cluttering her house . This product definitely exceeded my expectations . I have had no problems with it at all . Admittedly , I have yet to try to shred CDs , and generally try not to jam a thick envelope into the thing , but credit cards shred smoothly . I 'm glad I splurged a little for this shredder . My ONLY complaint is the slight mess of confetti I create when trying to empty it out -- but I 've read from other reviewers that it can be easily lined with a grocery/trash bag , so that should solve that problem.Also , for those who care , this shredder is dark gray , rather than the blue depicted here .
 The last shredder I owned was half as powerful and was rated for the same number of sheets . Buy this one for home/small buisness use .
 We purchased this shredder for our son-in-law who is extremely satisfied with this appliance . States he has no problem emptying the basket.He recommends this for home use .
 Although some what heavy and bulky , this machine is easy to set up and works flawlesly . We 've had no problem with it , and it handles the load we give it perfectly.I 'd strongly recommend this shredder for home use .
 This product is a well designed , easy to use , and stylish paper shredder . I had a fellowes shredder before this one and wore it out . It lasted 5 years , until my dogs knocked it over and broke something inside it . This model is quiet compared to the other brands I looked at . I definitely recommend it to buyers .
 I 've had the product only a month . At this point I can give a very positive review . The machine easily takes several sheets simultaneously , can run without shutting down to cool for most jobs . Operation is quiet enough . Confetti is small enough to be effective.If you 're using this at home , beware that the unit is tall and will not tuck away conveniently under a desk
 I bought this one to replace a 6 years old fellowes that failed . The current design is much nicer and safer . The optical paper sensor is simpler and more robust than the old mechnical one . It took me less than 2 minutes to set it up . The disc shredder is a nice feature .
 My prior experience had been a Staples medium-duty shredder . I had 2 Staples shredders - one ran for 5 minutes and no longer functioned . Staples replaced it with another & this quickly jammed and never ran again.So I went to Amazon & selected the Fellowes . Very pleased with its performance . It worked with no problems - shredded plenty of paper.Easy operation - make sure to empty receptacle when it fills up . After continued use , a red light comes on -LRB- indicating it is overheated -RRB- - just wait about 5 minutes & it 's ready to go again.I would recommend this product - it 's a workhorse .
 I had a series of cheap shredders prior to this one , and decided to just spend a bit more.I have not been disappointed - this thing is quite quiet , and easily able to shred the pile of junk mail that was waiting for a new shredder to arrive.The safesense works well , too - just the thing for a family with small children .
 We love this shredder . This fellowes shredder is a great choice . If you are like us , we have owned many other shredders that have all failed us . Thanks to the other product reviews , we purchased this one . We were hoping to find one that really works ... it does !
 More than adequate for home use . Not too noisy and does a great job shredding . Only con is some of the bits of paper stick to the container because of static electricity . If you need to shred , buy it -- you 'll like it .
 I use this for home office use and find it very powerful yet quiet compared to other shredders . The CD slot makes short and complete work of CD destruction with no worry about pieces flying back at you.Easy pull out basket emptier .
 I purchased a couple shredders at a big box store over the last few years and they fell apart . This shredder has perfomed as advertised . Its heavy and strong just like I wanted . Its alot more quiet than the smaller shredders I owned too .
 Easy to set up - a bit larger than I needed , but this unit really eats up papers , credit cards and CDs . It will accomodate the binder thickness on checkbook so you have to pull your deposit stubs to shread them . Not a bad price , probably could find it cheaper , but having doorstep delivery was a plus .
 I considered various shredders but this one fits my requirements just right :1 . Medium load for home office usage -LRB- 15-20 items per week -RRB- 2 . Able to shred letters unopened -LRB- credit card solicitation -RRB- 3 . Semi-quiet -LRB- wo n't wake up the kids if I have my office door closed4 . User-friendly bin with enough storage for up to two-three weeks of material5 . Able to handle credit cards , staples , and CDs6 . Attractive enough -LRB- and not too bulky -RRB- to look like it fits in a home office7 . Able to handle at least 5-6 sheets per pass -LRB- I know 12 is advertised , but most shredders over market this feature -RRB- Lesmiz
 Looking for a great shredder for home use ? I 've had this Fellowes PS-77Cs shredder since 2007 and it is still going strong . We shred a lot of stuff - junk mail , business cards , old CDs , DVDs , film , and lots of paper and the shredder keeps on ticking!It has a SafeSense technology which was an important feature for my family since we had a young child under five when we purchased it . The machine will stop functioning if the paper entry is touched . I would characterize this shredder as having a medium shredding capacity and once shredded , the result is 5/32 '' by 11/2 '' confetti . You can feed the shredder up to 12 sheets of paper at a time.The other thing I like about this shredder is its steel cutting ability which makes feeding paper with staples a cinch . It also has a small slot to enable the feeding of credit cards , CDs , and DVDs . The shredder stops automatically when it senses that the machine is overheated , has a jam or when the wastebasket is not securely in place.With regards to jams , I 've experienced a couple of jams , but nothing so serious that requires me removing the gears . What I 've done is to gently flip the forward and backward switch , carefully easing the jam until most of the paper/material blocking the feeding slot comes out , and then the machine naturally gets back into full operation mode.Some friends marvel that we 've been able to keep this shredder functioning at the optimum level all these years , but part of this is due to the fact that I lubricate the machine every month with the Fellowes Cross Cut Shredder oil . The oil comes in a plastic container with a nozzle tip and all I do is flip the credit card / DVD slot up and I just tip a little oil into the paper feeding slot , let it rest a while , and it is a happy machine !
 This is a very good machine . However the produck arrived with a jamed switch , and was immediately replaced with a proper working unit . Good product , good service , and a great demolizher of everything !
 a great shredder for home office or small business . Powerful enough , safe , and convenient . Has separate CD/credit card slot .
 Wow ! This is a really well engineered shredder . Rugged , powerful , quiet , fast , truly produces confetti , easily handles 12 sheets of paper , starts instantly when paper enters the slot -LRB- even just a single sheet -RRB- , has a simple gauge to prevent feeding too many pages at once , shreds CDs and credit cards , has a window on the pull-out basket to see if it 's full , has a touch-sensitive safety shut-off , has a thermal overload shut-off , paper slot faces forward and is wide enough to easily line up paper even when the shredder is under your desk , built to last and well worth the price . I replaced the old shredder in my office with a Fellowes and was amazed at the difference . This machine effortlessly devoured the stack of papers piling up next to the old shredder ; it works so well that papers to be shredded wo n't pile up any more .
 I did EXTENSIVE research when I set out to find a shredder . I did NOT want a shredder that would go kaput on me after the one year warranty would expire , as all my previous ones had . This one is nice and big - you can shred for a long , long time before you 'd have to empty out that basket . It feels solid . It has a separate slot for shredding CDs . It has a good , no a great warranty - more than your standard one year warranty . It had a super customer satisfaction percentage . So far I 'm one happy camper !
 Perhaps I was n't paying attention while buying this product , but this thing is bigger than I imagined . That 's not a negative comment though - this is a great shredder . - It easily eats through a dozen sheets of paper like it claims . I put junk mail envelopes as is and it just chews em up . - Destroys CDs , credit cards , paper into bits that are very small . - Makes an awesome chugging noise like its tearing the s ** t out of whatever you put in . Love it . - Easy to use . Safe around nosy dogs . The container is very easy to pull out and clean.I recommend you get the shredder oil . After many uses -LRB- I just shredded almost 2 years worth of junk mail with it -RRB- , it does help to lubricate it .
 Overall great shredder . Handles all of my personal shredding needs . Easily shreds through multiple pages of paper , credit cards , CDs , and junk mail with ease . I recommend turning the finger sensor off as this seems to make shredding items more difficult as the sensor always stops the shredder before the item is completely through . You will not go wrong with this shredder for a home office or personal use . Only recommendation would be to supply a bottle of oil with it and possibly some of the shedder compartment bags that you can purchase separately .
 We have gone through several shredders . With the under $ 50 shredders , it takes about 1-2 months . We have now had a couple of $ 100 shredders , both of which lasted about a year . This is the quietest one we have had , and it does not seem to strain as much when we put in the `` maximum '' number of pages . Although it 's still early , I think we got a winner .
 This is the 3rd shredder I have bought and I hated the first two . Spend the extra $ and buy a quality one like this , it will be worth it . I have been usign for about 2 months and I do n't have to think about it , which is what I want
 This is a good product . It shreds well , has safe guards to prevent overheating and appendage mangling.The downside is the appendage mangling protection can be a bit overzealous and interfere with normal shredding operations . In addition , when removing the waste basket , confetti tends to fall on the floor.Overall I am satisfied with this product more than other shredders I 've owned .
 I 've used this for a week and it 's very good . When unpacking it I was a bit concerned with the somewhat flimsy feeling bottom portion -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- , but * boy * can this thing shred . I had a Xerox unit before , and although it was rated at 12 pages at a time , it really struggled to do that many , and eventually burnt out -LRB- the overload circuit failed -RRB- . But the Fellowes is a different beast - just happily shreds without breaking a sweat . 12 pages does n't cause it any trouble at all . Note
 I do n't shred nearly as much paper as the other reviewers -- so why am I writing a review ? My job -LRB- laboratory work -RRB- recently required that I shred sheets of different polymers . I learned to dread shredding polycarbonate -LRB- what CDs are made from -RRB- . Polycarbonate took an extremely long time to shred because lesser shredders would regularly overheat . Eventually , the polycarbonate would bend the shredders ' teeth , destroying the shredder . I decided to postpone polycarbonate shredding until this unit arrived from Amazon . It 's absolutely wonderful ! I 've shredded a hundred feet of 1/16 inch thick -LRB- thicker than a CD -RRB- by two and a half inch wide polycarbonate , and the shredder never complained ! It did n't overheat once , and the blades look as good as new . I am very satisfied with the product . This unit withstood abuses that paper shredders should never be subjected to , and still works perfectly.Now that it 's done shredding polycarbonate , it is the full time office shredder . It works very well in this role too . The skin-sensing safety stop is a great feature . The only con is that the unit wobbles somewhat when the basket is removed , as others have pointed out . However , I would attribute the wobbliness to the extremely heavy shredding unit ; the plastic that the frame is constructed from is not unusually thin .
 This is a great shredder for home office use . I 've had smaller , less durable shredder and they seemed to jam constantly . But , this particular shredder works well . I cleared up 6 months of papers that needed shredding in little time . I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 Just received this beast from Amazon today & could n't wait to try it as my old one -LRB- Royal Orca -RRB- finally died after several years of faithful service & credit card checks were starting to pile up . My old Shredder was a table top model that would only shred a couple of checks at a time & I wanted something more `` formidable '' Well this critter fits the bill . Its intake is a full 9 '' so I can unfold a sheet of checks & make fast work of them . Its 7 gal basket means less trips to the garbage . Plenty of indicator lights to give it that `` Gee-Whiz '' look , & one feature that makes this shredder a must have for families with little children ... a safety lockout that cuts power to the shredder if little fingers are touching the intake area . A size gauge on the front is small but very handy feature so you do n't overload the machine . Another handy feature is the pull out basket , makes emptying this thing a breeze . Any complaints ? So far just one ... the basket assembly seems flimsy , especially on carpet it seems somewhat `` wobbly '' . Take the basket out & it seems it might collapse . The pluses far outweigh the cons so I highly recommend this item.Pluses :1 . Shredding capabilities are all any home could need2 . A great shredder for a good price3 . safety lockout4 . Shreds credit cards & Cd 's 5 . Looks great .6 . Indicator lights to tell whats happeningminuses1 . Flimsy basket assemblyUpdate 7/20/07 : auto shutoff quit working . Major hassle to turn it on & off manually . after a couple of weeks this I e-mailed customer service @ Fellowes & explained the problem . I received an e-mail from a nice CS lady the next asking for clarification of the problem -LRB- bad sensor -RRB- she e-mailed back the next day that Fellowes was sending a new unit -LRB- at their expense -RRB- & to return the bad one in the same carton with a downloadable label -LRB- also at no expense to me -RRB- . When I returned home the following week there was my new shredder on the porch . Scheduled a PU for Fed-Ex the next business day . All in all a positive experience . I wish more companies were like Fellowes.BTW the flimsy baqsket is still going strong : o -RRB-
 My seven year old Fellows Power Shred PS-80 cross cut shredder finally stopped working after I gave it too much paper -LRB- broke a gear -RRB- . So I replaced it with this PS-77Cs . I noticed that this PS-77Cs shreds more quietly than my previous PS-80 . Both will shred credit cards . But my old PS-80 wo n't shred CDs or DVD 's
 We bought this shredder to replace our old broken cross-cut model , and found this to be one of our very best purchases from Amazon . Yes , it 's about twice the cost of the cheaper $ 40 - $ 50 models you will find but the marginal extra cost will repay itself in spades ! Below are some of the advantages I liked most : PROS1 -RRB- While this is a bigger unit , the trash bin holds a much greater capacity . This means fewer headaches of dumping and cleaning . There is a little window that shows the trash level . I recommend compressing the shredded paper once you see paper reach this point . This will help prevent paper jamming into the blades from the mound below . After 2 rounds of compressions , it 's probably time to dump the shreds . The trash bin conveniently pulls out without lifting the heavy motor -LRB- and it * is * much heavier than the smaller units -RRB- . The design is nifty and elegant ! 2 -RRB- The shredder chomps paper away with ease and rips through staples like butter . While it 's supposed to handle paper clips , I still think it 's best to pull them off before shredding to help protect wear & tear on the blades . It also rips through credit cards and CD 's . It 's perfect for junk mail too - even with plastic cards already included .3 -RRB- The sheet limit rating is pretty accurate ! Like a car 's MPG , this rating tends to be embellished to compete with other manufacturers . But common sense should prevail
 This shredder has far exceeded my expectations . It looks great . It 's the perfect size for a home office . It has a convenient pull-out wastebasket , and it quietly shreds everything you feed it into confetti sized bits . CDs ? No problem . Credit cards ? Piece of cake!The best feature of all , however , has nothing to do with what this thing shreds . In fact , it 's what this thing does n't shred ... fingers . This shredder is among the first on the market to feature the new Safe Sense technolgy . Fellowes should be commended for this breakthrough . As a father of two-year-old twins , I 'm obviously very concerned with safety . As soon as a hand touches the paper entry , the unit automatically shuts off . Bravo Fellowes !
 At the current price of $ 99 , this is a very good shredder . I have owned two low end shredders , one lasted 5 years , the other I am giving away . Amazon delivered this in two days 2 weeks ago and I have been using it daily ever since to get rid of my backlog . I just ordered the lubricant which was reccommended by another reviewer.Good features
 This thing has n't had any problems chewing everything I 've put in it , but I only give it 4 stars because when I shred CDs , shards of the CD sometimes kick out of the paper input -LRB- two separate slots , one for CD/credit card shredding , and one for paper input -RRB- . The first time that happened I was facing the shredder and got some `` cd shrapnel '' surprise . But now I just make sure I 'm at arms-length when shredding CDs.Something that surprised me was how weighty the whole thing is - very sturdy , and like I said , has n't refused anything I 've given it yet -LRB- 12 sheets/pass , staples , CDs , credit cards -RRB- .
 Spent this weekend shredding over ten years or 4 black plastic bags worth of credit card statements , bank statements , and credit card offer letters . -LRB- I 'm a pack rat , do n't ask -RRB- I loved the ability to shred thick envelopes without opening them and that I did n't have to remove the small staples from some of the letters.I definitely abused it this weekend and it just kept ticking . I just kept it well lubed and allowed it to cool down for 15 assitionla minutes after it came back from it 's own internal cool down period .
 I 've had it about a month now and it has performed beautifully . In one day I filled the basket about 6 times shredding old client files -LRB- I am a lawyer -RRB- and trust account records to clear my office of piles of old , dead files in a way that safely protects my clients ' identities and confidential information . I 've had other shredders before but nothing that compares to this one . The capacity is supposed to be 12 pages maximum but I 've fed it as many as 15-20 pages with no problems . It has only overheated once and that was after about 45 minutes of almost constant shredding . After cool down it was right back to normal .
 I had bought a cheaper shredder and burned out the motor . SoI figured I 'd pay a little more money for a better one . Icould n't be happier . With the old shredder I still felt thatsomeone could fish the documents out of the apartment dumpsterand piece together enough to get some delicate information.With the powershred there 's no doubt ... it would be impossible.It 's quiet and powers thru whole envelopes of mail .
 This is the best shredder I 've owned so far . It 's quiet , fast , and powerful . Emptying the basket is a breeeze , it slides right out ! You do n't even have to lift off the heavy shredder itself . I highly recommend this a medium use shredder
 This is a great shredder . It handles all my junk mail with ease . No need to open up those credit card envelopes ... just feed them into the shredder . I also like the larger 7 gallon size ... Highly recommended .
 Shipment received almost right away . This shredder replaced my other shredder , which lasted about 4-5 years until the engine burned out . This has much more capacity , is quieter , safer for my two little boys , and can handle tough jobs like credit cards and CDs . It 's a great deal for the price , considering I use it mainly for home use . I highly recommend this shredder to anyone looking for a medium capacity shredder . Fellowes makes a great product .
 This is my third shredder , and this is the best I have ever had.Besides looking great , it is heavy duty and has had no problems.I ca n't believe it can be sold for the price I purchased it for.Worth every penny and more.On a scale from 1 to 100 it is a 100 . The safety features really make it a standout
 When I knew I had to go through about three year 's worth of back mail , I figured I had better bite the bullet and buy a shredder . I spent some time reading reviews , and this one seemed the most positive for the money . I have to say I got it , got it set up with a minimum of fuss -LRB- not realizing there was a power switch on the back of the unit gave me a few minutes of grief-but once I realized it was there things were A-OK -RRB- and starting shredding . I filled the shredder basket a few times without the thing overheating or jamming , and it worked great . I shredded plastic cards and envelopes with little plastic windows with no problem , although I did come to realize my time would be much more productive if I actually opened the envelopes and only shredded the parts with my personal information on them . It was easy to empty -LRB- as long as I did n't let it get too full -RRB- , and it was incredibly simple to use .
 I bought this Fellowes Shredder to replace my very old Fellowes and I will say it 's a winner . It 's quiet and does n't interfer with the TV like my old one did , it heavy duty and it 's a beast at shredding . It has a drawer for the shredded paper instead of picking up the shredder head . If your fingers get to close to the cutter opening the sensor turns off the shredder . I have no complaints and just love this shredder and because of it great quality it will last a very long time .
 I picked this shredder up a couple months ago after finally growing tired of periodically replacing cheap ones after they burned out , and have been very happy . It 's quieter and runs much more smoothly than my previous shredders , does n't jam up even with a decent stack of papers or a thick envelope , and is easy to maintain . The safesense technology seems to work well , in that it stops instantly when you touch the entry . The bin is a bit flimsy but strong enough to hold shredded paper and does n't seem fragile enough that it will break during normal use . I ca n't speak to its long-term longevity since I 've only had it a few months , but with regular oiling and maintenance I am hoping to get years of use out of it.Also , in response to the few comments I saw regarding the strips being long enough to read account numbers
 Good construction shredding of 8 pages with ease . The negative is having to turn the shredder on to start the process I rather insert the shedding document to automatically turn on the shredding acton .
 I purchased this after my last shredder quit in a few months of use . This machine is very smooth , and does everything I was expecting it to do . It 's a strong machine that works great
 I 've had this shredder for approximately a month . I have n't experienced any problems ... as a matter of fact ... I 'm looking for things to shred . I wanted to test if this shredder handles CDs ... no problem . I 'm happy with my purchase .
 I purchased this shredder a couple ofmonths ago , I have brought fellowespaper shredders in the past , but Ihave to say this is one of the bestone 's yet , I love it , it is very quietand shreds very nice and looks verynice sitting anywhere.Make sure that you purchase the fellowespower shredder oil with the nozzle so thatyou can oil your shredder every 1 to 2months , so that it will run smoothly andlast for years.I would definitely recommend this product .
 Product functions exactly as expected . My only comment is that the manufacturer should enclose one waste bag with the package .
 I have this shredder for a month . It is very good and have n't had any problems . Ten times better and faster then the one i bought at Wal Mart .
 This shredder has plenty of power with very little noise . It weighs quite a bit which only matters during set up , because the bin pulls out from the front to empty it . The sensor technology that automatically stops the shredder when your fingers get close to the opening does not work well at all . It only stops the shredder when you toch the shinny metal surface on top of the shredder . This is only on one side of the opening so the other side is left unprotected.Great Shredder just do n't buy into the auto stop safety feature .
 Built like a tank . But beware , it might weigh more than you do . `` Sturdy '' in this case also means `` heavy , '' but the bin is easily removable for dumping . I 've had shredders that moan and groan and slow down if you try to send more than five or six pages down the chute . I have n't tried an entire L.L. Bean catalogue on this one yet -LRB- and do n't plan to -RRB- , but this machine feels like it might even be up to a job like that . OK , I 'm exaggerating a bit -- but not much .
 This shredder has been excellent - Very good quality on the shred , does n't make noises like a dinosaur with indigestion when you feed a CD or a credit card through it , and the safety mechanism has n't been a nusance . Think big-office-quality shredder , just not as fast .
 I just want to tell you that this shredder works wonderfully !! Also -- I shopped this price -LRB- including s & h -RRB- on many sites & this was the site with the best price . I was tired of always having jammed up shedders that were cheap -LRB- $ 20 - $ 30 -RRB- & decided it would be worth it to upgrade . I use this at home for personal use .
 My first purchase of a Fellowes shredder . Unit is quiet and powerful but the basket seems a little flimsy for this product . However the capacity of the basket is quite large so you do not have to empty as often as some of the smaller units on the market . Overall I would say that I am happy with the product .
 I love it ! I agree with earlier reviews saying the base is too flimsy . The top weighs sooo much but the bottom paper catcher is reallly light . It is difficult to move since it is so top heavy . I think it does its job fabulously though . I have a 4 year old so it is comforting to know that it will shut off immediately if anyone touches the top or if the paper catch is removed . I can shred lots of paper at a time and love the CD/Credit card slot . Very pleased overall . Watch the kids though , shredding paper can be `` fun '' so keep your important papers put away !
 I just received this machine and overall am very pleased with its performance . It is quiet , can easily handle multiple sheets at a time , and has a large bin . Its only negative is the bin is kind of flimsy . But for a home office it will work just fine .
 It is very common for the automatic shutoff feature to stop working after a few months of owning the product.Initially I was very upset about this but called customer service and they told me how to fix the problem.The solution is to take some Q tips and rubbing alcohol and open the silver top CD feeder to find and clean the very small papersensors . They get paper dust and oil built up on them and will operate as if paper is in the shredder.They are two very small black circles that look like screw holes . Clean those with rubbing alcohol and Q tips really good and let dry-for a few hours . Voila ! Your paper shredder will work like new again !
 I was really confused about which Power shredder to buy . The other one I had jammed up all the time which was really aggravating . The Fellowes 32177 Power shred PS-77Cs shredder had good reviews so I thought I would give it a try . I purchased it from Amazon which made the purchase quick and easy as well as buying with confidence I was very pleased with my choice and would buy it again . The pull out drawer is really easy to use and has a window to see how full it is . -LRB- tip -RRB- - If it does n't run after emptying the basket be sure to push the bottom part of the basket in all the way . It has a safety switch on it and wo n't work if basket is not all the way in.I also use the Fellowes Performance oil on the blades each time I empty the basket to keep it running smoothly . I would definitely buy this again . I highly recommend it . Have n't jammed it yet.I LOVE It !!
 The PS-77Cs does what it does what it says it does
 I 've burned up several lesser products and have purchased a larger unit each time a lesser one fails . I believe I 'm going to have this one for awhile . The tip-out bag holder makes this one easier to use than most , and it seems strong enough for home use . While some may find the safety features annoying , I found that it 's quite easy to learn to feed the paper without turning the unit off . When faced with a large job it occasionally stops to cool off before it approaches burn-out . If you can accept this by taking a short break yourself , then this unit should meet most of your home office needs .
 The review below was written after a very poorly handled Tech Support Call to Fellowes . Since then , a `` Product and Quality Liaison '' contacted me by phone -LRB- I 'm difficult to catch and she was VERY persistent -RRB- . She had listened to my telephone tech support call and said I was mis-informed . She asked for more details and submitted that to Fellowes ' Engineering Support Team . They believe this is an isolated failure and actually wish to see my defective shredder . I am sending it to them for evaluation and they are sending me a replacement ... a PS-79Ci which is similar in specs to the PS-77Cs but has the Intellishred Jam Proof Technology . The composite plastic/metal gear which broke should n't have -LRB- see original review , below -RRB- . The unit is engineered so the motor will stop before any breakage occurs in the shredding mechanism -LRB- makes sense -RRB- so this IS likely an isolated event . This all just came through in the past hour but I ca n't say how impressed I am by Fellowes ' multiple attempts to contact me and the satisfaction they have delivered . I was bummed with my experience with the PS-77Cs because the reviews are so good ... no one has reported this type of problem on Amazon . In light of this development , I WOULD recommend the PS-77Cs shredder . Other than the fact a gear broke -LRB- after nearly 4 years -RRB- , it worked great , had good capacity and was pretty quiet . The `` Safe Sense '' safety technology is wonderful even if you do n't have kids ! I will submit a review for the PS-79Ci when I have a chance to use it . In the end , I 'm most impressed by this because Fellowes practically owns the small office/home consumer shredder market -LRB- just try finding a highly rated medium duty/small office shredder that is n't a Fellowes -RRB- yet they listened to my tech support call , found my review out of 382 reviews for the PS77-Cs on Amazon.com , then took action to satisfy the customer if they could . They did !! Thanks Fellowes!Original review follows ... `` I purchased the PS-77Cs 4 years ago for simple home shredding . As a guess , I have had to empty the bin less than 8 times in that period . A few weeks ago , I attempted to shred a CD and it got about 1/4 the way through the CD and stopped shredding . The motor was still running but was obviously labored . I finally got the disk out and when I began shredding paper , found that I could shred no more than 2 sheets of thin paper or 1 sheet of heavier paper without the same result . Being rather handy , I disassembled the unit and found that the gear which drives the cutter was split . That gear is a composite gear ; the actual teeth of the gear is a ring which is pressed over a plastic inner component . The hole in the plastic part is hexagonal and fits over a matching hexagonal shaft which is the drive bar for the cutter . The plastic part of the gear split which allows it to slip around the hexagonal cutter shaft so when too much is inserted , the cutter does n't turn but the motor and gears continue to turn . I sent an inquiry though the `` Contact Us '' link at Fellowes but heard nothing . I just called their support number . They sell the gears in a kit , not separately and the cost was between $ 50 and $ 60 . I mentioned that I was hesitant to spend that much because that gear was obviously a problem and I would never want to shred a CD or DVD . It was at this point the support person asked if I oiled my shredder regularly . I said yes but she continued to ask for more detail . She mentioned that you should oil the cutter after every bin full of paper . I said that I understood that and did but I do n't use it very often . She again asked about my oil and I said that I have Fellowes oil and the bottle is about half full . She said that because I do n't use it often , I should oil it before each use because the `` oil will dry out '' . I disagreed and stated that the reason the cutter dries out is due to paper going through it and taking the oil with it . I said again , `` oil does not dry out '' . She directly refuted that claim and said again that `` oil DOES dry out '' . At this point , I hung up .
 Small business use - this shredder seems to work real well for what we need . Not using it on a daily basis , very easy to use and I love the fact that you can empty it w/out having to remove the top -LRB- heavy -RRB- part . Would recommend .
 great product . not much to say , just easy to use and install wand so far durable . shred even credit card , CD , thick paper without problems .
 I purchased this shredder due to the overwhelmingly positive reviews on Amazon and I am yet another happy customer . Some complained that the stand is flimsy when the basket is removed , however this is a mute point since the basket is only removed for emptying . And I was surprised at how much the basket can hold - the size is deceiving . I appreciate the safety features - auto shut-off and angled design of the paper inlet . Although it is slower , it is definitely beefier than my last . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 The product was a replacement . The new switch to keep unit off is an improvement . My last unit , while plugged in but unused for several days , had a fire in the motor area . Luckily I was in the room.This product is not as sturdy as the first . The connection of the top portion to the bottom portion seem to be more flimsy . My other unit was purchased in 2003 . The unit already makes an unacceptable noise on use . The noise seems to be in the shredder unit . If it continues I shall return the unit .
 I love this shredder - it does everything I want it to do , it 's quiet , it 's cross-cut shred it better than strip cut . A few notes
 I 'm satisfied with the purchase . It fulfills the duty of shredding statements and junk mail . I bet it could take more heavy duty work but I do n't . I considered shopping for a cheaper product at Walmart and Sams but I decided to invest a little bit to get a better product . I 'm glad it paid off . I do shop around so I think I got the right product .
 Length :
 Sense I purchased this shredder for my home I can only speak for how well it performed under a household workload . The shredder works very well and was purchased to upgrade from my previous shredder which was of a different brand and smaller size . The powershred most certainly lives up to the `` power '' aspect of the name as it easily handles multiple pages and envelopes with ease . The powershred is not too noisy considering many shredders I have seen at office supply stores and seems to be hard to jam -LRB- Not a single jam yet -RRB- while still easy to use -LRB- was able to figure out operation without reading documentation -RRB- . I have used it for about a month now and I 'm very happy with my purchase as well as the speed and reliability of the shipping . Would recommend for any home use .
 I had previously purchased two other shredders from a major retail chain -LRB- their logo is a bulls-eye -RRB- . The first one was on sale , looked good , and was inexpensive -LRB- cheap -RRB- . It wore out after six months . The second one from the same store was their most expensive . After one year it , too , broke down and was useless.I finally decided to purchase a `` real '' one and this is the one I determined was excellent for the price - although it was more expensive than I had planned to spend.The expense so far has been worth the investment . It simply has a more solid look and sound than the others I had tried . It has performed as advertised and I am quite happy with it . It does make a bit of noise but not as much as the other two I wasted my money on . It shreds multiple sheets with ease and never sounds as though it is overloaded . It has never jammed.I am writing this in August of 2012 . The shredder is still doing a great job with no problems . I have been aggressive a couple of times and tried to shred many more copies at once than what was recommended by the manual . Both times it jammed . Clearing a jam is a bit daunting . So , I no longer try to exceed its specifications.Thus far , I would recommend it without reservation . However , it should be noted that I have only had it for a few months so I may change my mind sometime in the future .
 We purchased this shredder a year ago and have been using it daily since then . So far , we 've only had to oil it once and it is working as well as the day we bought it.It quickly shreds handfuls of paper and cuts them into very small pieces . The sensor-stop feature works well , preventing cats and kids from getting their little paws into the slot while it 's shredding.This is a HEAVY shredder . You wo n't want to carry it around the house , so make sure you place it in a convenient spot from the get-go . We use a paper grocery bag inside the bin to catch the shreds and then toss it into the recycling like that . Could n't be easier.Updated January 2009
 I have n't owned this shredder for very long , but , so far , it has performed well . Time will tell if it deserves the fifth star . The shredded bits are sufficiently small to make it difficult to piece them together , unlike some cheaper machines , and it really does easily eat old credit cards . I had another Fellows shredder for almost ten years before it bit the dust . It was very good and owed me nothing when it quit . That 's why I selected Fellows ahead of other brands . One very important point - lubricate the cutters regularly . Most of the failures I hear about are caused by letting the cutters run dry or overloading the motor with too many sheets at once . The Fellows oil is cheap or you can buy another , even less expensive , brand . The important thing is to use it .
 I used this to replace a 9 year old Fellowes shredder . Totally satisfied . Much quieter than my old Fellowes shredder . Goes through CD 's and credit cards like a hot knife thru butter . Also , altho I was a bit leary when I read the comments regarding the basket being somewhat flimsy , I see no problem there at all . Finally , for what it 's worth , the motorized cutting unit is fairly heavy . Possibly that 's why it 's able to do such a fast , easy number on the CD 's . Would definitely recommend this shredder unless your needs were to shred a huge number of documents each and every day . Oh , my name -- disappointed -- applies to a previous review , not this one .
 I am very pleased with my choice . I bought three of these shredders for our office . They work extremely well and we all love the fact that you do not need to lift the heavy shredder top to empty the basket . The basket pulls out . Excellent buy ; excellent product . Thanks , Amazon !
 I bought this shredder approximately 5 weeks ago and am very pleased . It works well . I do n't do a lot of shredding -LRB- like a business or office would -RRB- . However , I am glad I went to a medium-duty shredder and not to a light-duty shredder . Good size waste basket , easy to empty . The autosensing techology is a very good safety feature . Shreds credit cards and discs , this is a plus . Have had no jamming problems , and it 's not noisy .
 By the time I purchased this shredder I had a very large stack of paper to shred . -LRB- over +1500 pages -RRB- . It shredded them without any problems . I just kept feeding it paper until it shut off when it got too hot . You have to let it cool off about 20 min . or so to begin again . After all the shredding , it still runs like new . I shredded less than the max number of pages per shred . I highly recommend oiling it as instructed.So far , I can recommend this shredder .
 I use this machine in my home office , so I do n't make heavy demands on it . I bought it when my previous shredder died . This shredder is a nice upgrade from my previous 7-page shredder . It is powerful , quick , and -- a nice bonus -- much quieter . Just be sure to pay attention to the number of sheets you feed in at once -LRB- a gauge is on the front -RRB- , or it -LRB- like any other shredder -RRB- will jam . The instant-off safety feature works as advertised and that would be important if you had little ones around . This is a good quality machine with enough heft to last for quite awhile . I 'm pleased with the purchase .
 I owned one of the low end shredders -LRB- about $ 30 from Staples -RRB- for a couple of years and found that I rarely used it because it was very loud and slow . I bit the bullet and paid $ 100 for this one and it is worth every penny . It is very quiet and can eat entire envelopes of credit offers without having to open them . It shreds old credit cards and CD 's effortlessly . The only downside is that it is pretty heavy .
 Extremely rapid delivery , priced fairly . Product is excellent , as most of the Fellowes products I have tried usually are . The unit shreds very rapidly , has a nice size basket which holds a considerable quantity and is very easy to empty . There is a large window in the basket that lets you know how rapidly it is filling up . This unit eats staples , credit cards and cds for lunch ... and loves them ! Very pleased with it and would highly recommend it .
 I have enjoyed the powershreder it work great for what I bought it for , it has compleated all tasks with out a problem
 I bought this product for : - low price - the safety element with the sensor bar - ability to deal with extensive backlog of material to shredBecause of other reviews , I expected emptying the machine to be a little messy.All of these expectations have been met . We have had the product now for a few months . We have dispensed with the backlog of materials to shred . Jams -LRB- inevitable when you shred in volume -RRB- were relatively easy to clear . The credit card shredder works fine . The mess when emptying the machine is something you just have to plan for . This is now a permanent part of our home office set-up . It is a fine product for the price .
 Have only owned the paper shredder a short time but it has worked like a champ . It has taken CD 's , credit cards and paper with staples in it no problem , we are very happy with it !
 The shredder has been working as advertised . It easily handles both normal paper shredding and CD/DVDs . The auto-off function works great , and is an increased comfort with a kids in the house .
 Quite - I used while my kids were sleeping in the next room . But not quite enough to use while watching TV.I do not have to open junk mail . I can shred in the envelope and it does not get stuck.Credit Card shredder works well . I have not tried it out on a CD.It is very heavy but it has a pull out bin where the items shredded go . This makes it easy to empty . The bin could be a little more sturdy since the shredder is so heavy.Shipping from Amazon was quick and shredder was less expensive than at office supply stores .
 The shipping was fast!The Shredder is amazing . Takes 12 sheets , just like it says . This machine is quiet , fast running , runs longer than others , and is very reliable .
 Like many have said before this is a very good shredder it does what it advertises . The part that I love the most is the fact that it has contact points where the paper goes in and if fingers touch it automatically turns it off . It will start right back up soon as your fingers are no longer touching the mouth of the shredder.Why I love it ? Well because I have a small helper in the office -LRB- 3 year old daughter -RRB- that loves to help me shred papers and I know she will be safe and wo n't be able to shred anything more than the paper I hand her .
 This does everything that I wanted and the safety features are great .
 A pleasure ! It shreds as it is purported to do with speed , ease and safety . It is also styled in a way that clothing wo n't get caught . I had that problem with my last shredder .
 This shredder works great , it has lots of power , cuts through CDs and documents very easy.Great product so far .
 This little devil eats all those unwanted credit card applications with ease .
 I was pleased to see Amazon carrying the Fellowes shredders . They are getting hard to find since chain stores have gone with their own branded shredders from China . The Fellowes still have the reputation of being the most durable . This shredder -LRB- PS-77Cs -RRB- does everything as advertised with minimal noise . When your other brand shredder shreds its internal plastic gears replace it with this one -- or another Fellowes .
 As a carpenter I know the difference between pro tools and home owner gadgets.The $ 50.00 house brand shredder I bought at Home Depot less than a year ago ... gadget . This Fellowes ... pro tool . Now I know something about office supplies .
 It 's a reliable paper shredder , but that viewing hole is useless when you are smart and use a plastic bag as an inner liner to keep all those paper shreds together , and actually the viewing hole can rip holes into those plastic bags too ! Also they recommend lubricating the shredders periodically but there 's not much instruction on how to do it , and I do n't know if there 's any way to know when it needs oil or how much.Great for personal use and maybe small office use not shredding tons of personal data . Handles CD 's OK , eats credit cards well . Would only recommend 6 sheets or less at a time to reduce wear and tear .
 This is the best small shredder I have owned ! Powerful and relatively light-weight for its size.The reason for 4-stars and not 5 is the mess it creates . When pulling out the bin to empty it , a small pile of shredded paper will remain on the floor . Oh well , that is what a vacuum is for , and when it comes to shredding , I will trade power and speed for tidiness any day!Oh , and forget the worthless Fellowes bags ... use 13-gallon regular trash bags . They fit snug and are stronger .
 To avoid identity theft my shredding has increased to any mail with my name on it . I have owned several light duty shredders that I have either burned out or the gears have broken . I decided to bite the bullet and get a medium duty shredder . I have only had this PS-77Cs shredder for a couple of weeks but I really like it . It is fast , relatively quite and really does the job . I agree with other that the paper bin seems to be a little flimsy but as long as you take a little care with it , it seems to be okay .
 The first thing to appreciate about this machine is its size and capacity , large . The operation of the machine is very quiet and does not disturb anyone else in the area while in use . Sometimes , while feeding unopened junk mail through this shredder , it may choke and stop . For other shredders that I have used this would mean a major operation in terms of clearing the jam and getting the machine working again . For this machine , it is as simple as turning off a little switch on the side and restarting the unit . Once the offending material is through , then resetting the switch puts the unit into normal operating mode . The unit does have a safety off when it becomes too hot , but usually cools down quite quickly . The large bin for the shredded material means more shredding before it has to be cleared out , I like it .
 This shredder is a great shredder . Confetti cut strips of paper , cuts cd 's and credit cards with ease . This system also has a safety touch mechanism on the front that will stop if hands touch the metal bar . The only disappointment is the basket area . As stated in other reviews the basket area is flimsy but it is enclosed so no mess . Still a very nice product fot the money .
 I like it . It shreds pretty much everything I have thrown at it , and the bin is large enough to not need to be emptied much more than once a month or so -LRB- I do n't shred religiously , but with this shredder , I shred a lot more that I did with a prior one , due this one 's ease of use -RRB- ...
 This shredder does an excellent job of turning your important or sensitive documents into useless confetti . Throw in some meaningless text documents or spreadsheets and you make it harder still for anyone to put things together again . The only problem I have with this item is that the top is so heavy , and the sides so flimsy , that when you remove the bin the top bends the surrounding can a little bit , making it hard to slide the bin back into place . Particularly if on any type of non-hardened floor . Also be sure when you first install the shredder that it `` snaps '' onto the can all the way around . The first time I thought it was in place and it was n't .
 This piece of art destroys everything from paper to CD 'S it even pulverizes credit cards . If you are concerned with your privacy buy it . It 's also very convenient because it has a lot of room to store waste so you do n't have to constantly check if you have to dispose it .
 I bought this for myself and have used it since Christmas . It 's the best new-style shredder on the market that I 've found -LRB- after previously returning 2 other brands -RRB- and is quiet . The pullout waste can makes it simple , fast , and clean to empty without having to lift the shredder mechanism off the top . It performs as claimed and will truly shred the advertised 12 sheets per pass . The overall best reason to buy this high capacity is to shred mail - you can simply toss the mail , envelope and contents , into the shredder without even opening . Perfect for those unwanted credit card checks , preapproved offers , or junk solicitations that are obvious from appearance . I highly recommend spending a few more dollars on this machine . It 's much better than the office supply house-brands that are on the market .
 The shredder is what everyone has stated
 I purchased this shredder about a year ago in order to clean out the three bags of shred-material I had piled up . I was able to knock out the backlog in a relatively short period of time . Here are some of the highlights : Pros : - Fairly fast shredding paper-It can really do a reasonable number of pages at once -LRB- I honestly never counted , but would say it is between 10 and 12 -RRB- - Can do DVDs , CDs and credit cards-Isn ' t too noisy when just shredding paper -LRB- it is all relative of course -RRB- - The removable basket makes cleaning up easier-The safety feature is nice.Cons : - Shuts off due to heat after 15-20 minutes of shredding -LRB- can be annoying , especially when it stops in the middle of a load -RRB- . - Jams can sometimes be a bit of a pain because of the touch sensor .
 The shredder is heavy duty and well constructed . During the first day of use I tested to see how easily it could be jammed . When jamming occurred , cycling between reverse and forward while pulling the paper easily cleared the jam.It seems to shread CDs/DVDs , credit cards and multiple sheets of paper easily.So far , so good . This looks like a good buy .
 I was looking for a shredder to shred , among other things , all the junk mail solicitations I get without having to open the envelopes first -- this shredder fills the bill . It 's nice looking and easily accepts those fat envelopes with identifying information I do n't like putting in the trash . I shopped around and could not be Amazon 's price anywhere , by mail or local retailer . The pull out wastebasket is nice for easy dumping into the recycle can . It 's a hit !
 I finally got tired of fighting with my old shredder every time . This shredder is terriffic ! It eats staples , credit cards , CDs , cardboard , sticky labels , and a dozen sheets of paper at a time . My home is my office , so this shredder does double duty every day and never complains . It is very safe and easy to use . It is relatively quiet for its toughness and its waste bin is a reasonable size - you wo n't have to empty it every day ! I empty mine once a week wether it needs it or not . Unless you were an accountant for Enron , you will not be dissapointed in this shredder !! I give two thumbs up - if you are really looking for a solid shredder , buy this one .
 Operationally the unit performs well - maybe not quite as good as advertized -LRB- number of copies it shreds in one pass -RRB- but very efficient . Handles single and double copies very well . Quiet operation is a plus . Our experience is a bit over 2 months and has been trouble free thus far . Level of use has been fairly heavy - cleaning out financial files and older records .
 We have been shredding away bags of our unwanted receipts , bills , etc. and could n't be happier with such a hard working and efficient shredder . I have also put UNOPENED credit card applications through it and it did the job great . I used to have to open the mail and take out the application portion to shred , but no longer !!! I just pop the whole thing in and it eats it up for me . I love this shredder ! It even shreds credit cards and cd discs without any problem . The only drawback on this shredder is the fact that after continual use , it becomes overheated and you have to let the hardworking thing have a rest . Not unlike any of the rest of us , huh ? Otherwise , this is a fabulous investment for the money and I give it a full 5 stars !!!
 This shredder not only looks good , it performs just as well . The Fellowes PS-77Cs does a fast and relatively quiet job shredding everything . The credit cards and CDs go into their appropriate slot effortlessly . It is a bit top-heavy , but seems very stable in position . It does have a viewing window to be able to tell when the wastebasket is full . Clear bags should be used to view the shredded contents of the wastebasket . It holds a fairly good amount if you push the shreddings down into the basket occassionally , just do n't let the level get too high or it will spill when emptying the basket . Use common sense as to not overloading with too many sheets at a time . That will keep the motor from overheating . I have not had it overheat after using it frequently over the past two weeks . I would definately reccommend this shredder to anyone for the home or small business and would buy again if need be . I did a lot of research before purchasing this Fellowes model . It is a great price for it 's power and capabilities . It is fast , quiet and efficient !
 We purchased this to replace a Xerox we had for years and it is an excellent shredder . It is very quiet and gets the job done . It was a great buy !
 We had experience with cheap shredders and decided to get what we needed for heavy home business office use . I studied the offerings and decided on this one . We are very pleased with it .
 Strong an quiet , very easy to use . Has a large slide out waste container ; so you do not have to lift anything when emptying .
 The unit is of good construction and only stopped when the wife tried to jam more than the unit could handle . Only had the unit for acouple of months , but for now have had no problems .
 I read a lot of reviews on this shredder before buying it , and I 'm pleased to say it 's a great buy so far ! It 's much quieter than my previous shredder , and I like the look of it - does n't look ugly and intrusive in my guest room/office . Also love that it 's a cross shredder . If it lasts as along as many reviews said , then I will certainly be getting my money 's worth .
 The last shedder I got lasted less than 1 year I gave a good review - then updated it due to the poor perfromance and the fact it died.Pros for this model - fast , can handle 12 sheets with ease , easy to empty -LRB- got the bags -RRB- , large bin.cons - wow this thing is heavy -LRB- not that I ever move it -RRB- , you can tell when your shredding - it 's not quiet.I ordered 2 by mistake - contacted customer service they were great . They issued the RMA and got a fast refund .
 The Fellowes Shredder PS-77Cs is exactly as it is advertised , efficient , quick and handles muitiple pages of paper , credit cards , and CD 's . I relly like the way it crosscuts and leaves the document absolutely unreadable . Really quiet as well .
 This shredder is great ! It was very easy to assemble and very easy to work .
 This is for home use and as such has n't been given that much to gobble up however is has a solid sound and although a bit slow , it 's steady and has n't failed me yet . I look forward to many years of grinding away !
 I like the fact that a light indicates if the basket is not completely locked in place , and if your hand is too close the the shredder . In addition , there is a power on/off switch.My only complaint is that the handles to pick up the shredder are in the front and back rather than at the sides of the machine . If you stand in front of the shredder , it is easier to pick it up from the sides -LRB- say , to move it to clean under it -RRB- . Other than that , I think it works just fine .
 We purchased this shredder after our other shredder died from exhaustion . This one works well and is quite a bit quieter and appears to have more `` muscle '' . The construction seems a bit questionable as far as durability but then again it is manufactured in China . I have yet to purchase anything made in China that has the overall appearance of being constructed well ! It sure would be nice to get `` Made in America '' back on most of the available products . Overall we are happy with our purchase .
 Perfect for my small home business . Best price on Amazon and I used the free super saver shipping . Noisy shmoisy , it 's a shredder and not that loud at all .
 Unbeleiveable delivery on this item . Excellent product at a great price . Has really helped clean out my file drawers fast .
 This is the best shredder I 've ever owned ! I was looking for something to replace my Brothers model -LRB- which I loved , but could no longer do the job -RRB- . I initially went to Wal-Mart and bought a $ 60 model which promptly shut off for hours after the first few minutes-a wimpy motor , to be sure ! I immediately took it back to Wal-Mart for a refund.Then I happened upon this and bought the shredder , the bags and the oil that it uses . I 've used this for an hour or more at a time and it has yet to fail . I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone looking for a shredder with some muscle !
 I bought this after reading the reviews which were all basically good . It works nice and will chew up most anything you put in the feeder . I would also buy the Fellows oil at the same time which I did not and it cost me more later . I paid extra for shipping and should have just took the free shipping and would have received it at the same time .
 The PS-77Cs is an awesome shredder . Even better then I expected it to be . It 's a great value for the price and it really does a great job . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a shredder for home or office . Quiet operation and fine cut . Ca n't find anything negative to say about this one .
 I have owned this shredder for about 3 years now.I am extremely happy with the quality of this shredder.The only issue that I had in this 3 years is the top metal feeds for feeding CDs and credit cards came of its hinge . This can possibly see some design improvement . However I was able to put it back.Overall an outstanding buy for home use
 I have owned this shredder for over six years , and it has endured some heavy use . It is the second home-shredder I 've owned , and it is much the better of the two . It is heavy enough that it does n't tip over , but not so heavy it ca n't be hauled from room to room by someone moderately strong . The front compartment holding the shredded paper is easily removed -- in an identical fashion to our dehumidifier 's bucket . You pull on it and the bucket comes out with a forward motion . The sound the shredder makes when in action is loud , as one would expect , but not so loud that you need protective ear plugs , such as for when you are near a kitchen blender , blow dryer , leaf blower or lawn mower.The main thing to be careful about is to not get impatient and overload the shredder blades . Yes , you can use the backup function to try and back out paper you have overloaded it with , but it is a pain . Secondly , be sure and feed paper in straight . If you feed it in crooked , that , too , is a prescription for a jam.When I am shredding , I lay down either a bed sheet or a tarp and set the shredder in the middle of it . This helps me corral the scraps of shredded paper flying around when I empty the bucket into a trash bag . Another option is to shred in your garage or basement , if you have such spaces , and use aShop-Vacto clean up afterwards . If you do it inside your house , plan on having to use a regular vacuum to clean up after each use , because a mess is almost unavoidable no matter how careful you are since this shredder is turning private papers into confetti . That 's great for the shredder 's intended purpose , but it does have a tendency to give whatever room you are using a strong resemblance to Times Square on New Year 's Eve .
 This is a much better Fellowes shredder that I had before and it does the job !!!
 I purchased this shredder based on the consumer reviews listed here ... And I must say thank you , I am very pleased ... I also agree with one reviewer , that the catch basket is cheaply made ... Yet with it 's other features , it is worth the purchase price ... Also , it does not make as much noise as many I have heard ... lol ... or the one I will now pass on ...
 Great shredder ! Seller was prompt in processing order . Packaging was not good - I thought initially the product could be damaged as the box was misconfigured by shipper .
 This shredder works very well . I just oil it every time the basket is full and it keeps going and going .
 If you have a home office and a fair amount of documents to destroy , this is a great shredder . It may not be as fast as some other high speed shredder , but it does the job .
 This shredded was everthing you said it would be . It will shred up to ten pages . so pleased with product and price .
 Fellowes 32177 Powershred PS-77Cs ShredderThis shredder quietly shreds everything you feed it into confetti sized bits . It 's the perfect size for a home office and it looks great too .
 this baby does the job ... . I ca n't believe how much better this is than a cheapo unit from wal mart I just threw away ... okay , here is an update after having it for a year . A couple of months ago it started not shutting off after shredding paper . Really , for me , that is n't a big deal , I just turned it off and on as needed , just takes a sec ... Anyway , today I got curious if there was a simple fix
 This shredder is a monster in a good way.It will shred paper like nothing , and I 've had a few credit cards that the Fellowes 32177 ate like there was no tomorrow.I feel I bought a very good product .
 This is definitely an improvement over those dinky little shredders . It will take those thick credit card offer envelopes without choking . Just remember to keep your fingers away from the slot since that protective shut off feature meant for inquisitive little kids works with wayward big hands too . Of course it will choke if you try to overfeed it but still a lot less likely to happen . If you really need a monster , you might as well cough up the money for a real commercial grade shredder .
 I 've been using this shredder for at least 6 months and I have n't had any problems with it . I shredded piles of papers and did n't need to give it time to cool off . I learned from other reviews to use oil sheets after each time the basket gets full . If I had to say one negative thing , it would be that I do n't use shredder bags so it gets messy emptying the basket -LRB- the mouth of the basket is much wider than grocery bags , so shredder bags or garbage bags are more appropriate to use -RRB- . Otherwise , I do n't have anything bad to say about this product . It 's very durable and does a great job .
 I bought this shredder for a small business . Years ago , our first shredder continually jammed up , paper melting into solid , hard clumps that were difficult to get out from between the blades . We brought that shredder home for lighter duty where it 's still problematic . We replaced it with a Fellowes shredder , which has been a reliable , powerful shredder . When we needed to add another shredder at work , I bought another Fellowes . This shredder has also proved to be powerful and reliable . The crosscut shredding of the documents feels much more secure than the single strands . I particularly like the large , wastebasket-style bin , which pulls out like a drawer and does n't require removing the heavy top to empty it . I 've used it at our small business for five months now , and just purchased another . The only complaint is the holding bin sometimes does n't seat properly ... although it appears closed . You have to make sure it is firmly snapped closed , otherwise the shredder wo n't work .
 I have a medium sized home shredder I got as a gift from sister July 2007 . I jammed to many papers down it and it kinda broke . Called up Fellowes and explained that I jammed to many papers . They immediately no questions asked , sent me out a new one for free!Great Customer Service !
 I initially bought this shredder for a dept in our office that handles a lot of shredding ; it works so well and the price ca n't be beat so I have now ordered for over 5 addt ' l depts , including my own .
 We have a family member who has severe dementia . He also was into stocks for 50 years and saved every paper he ever had ... we think ! This thing is still working after many days of almost constant shredding ! A couple times it shut itself off as it was overheated . This is a nice protection . This thing works ! It is my first one . So , I really do n't know how slow it is . I would get desperate and put many pages and all but onces it kept on ... . One time , I had to pull out a couple papers ... but really what did I expect ! I probably shredded 1000 credit card and plastic things ! IT WORKS !
 So far this shredder works fine , it is very quiet , easy to empty and has a very good design . A very good safety feature is the shutoff when you get your hands to close to the paper feed ! I am satisfied , this is a good product for the money . The transaction from Amazon was good as always . Placed order on 2/28 and it was delivered on 3/3H . Owen
 This shredded holds a lot of material and is still small enough to sit next to my desk in our home office . It shreds material into very small pieces and rarely jams -LRB- only when I get a little overzealous -RRB- Only complaint is that it does n't have wheels .
 I do a lot of shredding and this by far is the best shredder I have ever used . This is the one to buy for home and office . Looks great , works great , easy to use . Shreds staples , small paper clips , basically handles everything you normally run into during basic shredding .
 This is a really good consumer product . Have had over month , shredded everything but lettuce . Very nice .
 I 've gone through several shredders the past few years , but have not had a single problem with this Fellowes shredder . It 's quiet and strong ... love it .
 I am totally satisfied with my shredder . It handles everything , and never bogs down . The ability to shred cds and credit cards is wonderful . Overall , a great purchase .
 This shredder is solid and dependable , unlike the cheaper ones which are atotal waste of money .
 This shredder seemed a little pricy but it 's worth it . It does n't jam up even when my wife overloads it , it 's fairly quiet and it shreds into 2 '' bits that are totally secure . It 's heavy , but that helps to not clog . I 'm so glad to say goodby to my cheap old shredder . I 'll never have to clear that damn thing again !
 I looked around for a reasonably priced shredder that would not fizzle out quickly . Thus far i am very satsified with this one . A good buy .
 I 've burned out 3 shredders in the past 2 years . This one is awesome . It has no problem with paper -LRB- even unopened credit card offers -RRB- , and does an excellent job with cds and old credit cards . Small enough to fit under the cabinet ... this thing is a real workhorse !!
 Excellent shredder ; shredded two garbage bags worth of documents one day with no problem . Put the shredded paper in recycling
 had piles and piles of paper in my file cabinet , the weekend this arrived shredded three loads of stuff and this is not a small basket . Worked like a champ , now just feed things into it as they arrive , LOVE IT , has worked GREAT ! For $ 100 you ca n't beat this thing ...
 Works exactly as advertised . It handles the work for any home or small home office .
 This thing is great it is fast and quiet . I felt good enough about it to purchase one for afriend .
 A pile of bills and documents was waiting for me at home after a couple of months without a shredder , and after some careful consideration , I decided to buy this one . My positive impressions : - Size is ideal for home or small office - Cross-cuts the strips for added security - You can remove the bucket and empty it without unmounting the shredding unit -LRB- unlike my older shredder which was smaller -RRB- Basically , it is real easy to use and very secure . The only way I would give it fewer stars is if it breaks on me !
 We had an Ativa X1800 floor model that stopped working after just a couple of years of home use . We tried to repair it , replace the fuse , contact the company , etc. to no avail . This one had good reviews and though it 's smaller and a tabletop , it seems to be doing the job . We recommend it for home use .
 This is a heavy duty product . Works well , does not jam and attractively priced . I would buy it again .
 This shredder is the best one that we have had yet . Our company office of 54 employees all use it . We use it for purging files at the end of the year from outdated files . It does a great job on CDs and credit cards . We push it to the max sometimes an hr at a time doing shredding which is really pushing it . It is n't constantly in use but it does get used hard . We have had it over 3 years now . No one has olied it or done any mantenance to it . We just keep the trash thrown away out of it and do n't stuff it . No shredder we have ever had has held up like this one so far . Do n't buy the expensive ones unless all you ever do is shred . This one will take a beating and keep on eating . Staples and all have been put through it 's teeth . This is an excellent product . We will be buying another one just to have it in another area .
 I had many shredders that were less expensive and I know why , they burn out quickly . This shredder is quiet and will handle upto 12 sheets plus shred credit cards and cds . Check with Amazon for the fairest prices.DaveA HAPPY CAMPER
 This is one great power shredder . Great safety features . It is well worth the extra money I paid for it . It shreds credit cards , old DVDs , and CDs and several sheets of paper without the motor slowing down one bit . Buy one and you will agree it is the best shredder you have or will ever own . It is almost as good as the shredder at work , which we paid $ 1500.00 for .
 Shreds great . Does everything as advertised . My only issue so far is the flimsy base especially when you remove the waste basket to empty it . Getting the waste basket back in place is hit or miss and if it 's miss , i.e. not tight , it wo n't function .
 The shredder is probably my fourth or fifth home shredder . I have been very happy with it 's quiet and efficient operation . I am most impressed with the shredding of CDs and old credit cards . The cross cutting of these items has been great . This shredder was a great value .
 I bought this shredder because of all the good reviews . I have been using it for about a year and am very happy with it . I decided after having had two much less expensive shredders that did n't hold up very long and were a pain to use that I was going to spend more money for a better one and it certainly was a good decision as I have had no problems with the Fellowes PS-77cs . I paid 98.99 for it here on Amazon in 2007 . Note that I do oil it frequently as instructed and it has not been heavily used . I know that it is supposed to be strong enough to handle staples but I have not had enough nerve to try it since that is what broke my last shredder , but it has handled a bunch of CDs with no problem . I love the pull out drawer so that you do n't have to take the top off.Pros : Strong , sturdy headHandles credit cards with easeHandles CD/DVDsVery easy to emptyVisually appealing , although it is black , not blue as it appears in the picture.Cons : Whole bottom is a little flimsy and could have been made stronger but this is only a problem if you need to move the shredder around a lot . Kept in one place , this is n't an issue .
 Pros
 I purchased the Fellowes 77C Shredder about a month ago - and have used it extensively - and IT IS WONDERFUL !!!! I previously had a very old cheaper Fellowes shredder - and it was good - had it about 10 years - but it was for light weight stuff . Now I work from home - need a VERY GOOD shredder AND I wanted something I could put credit card advertisements thru without opening it up all the time !!! Works GREAT - I can now shred most junk mail stuff - just stick it in -LRB- watch out for ones with fake credit cards already in - those I open & detach the credit card -RRB- . I have used for longer than the recommended 10 mins - and have had no problems - although I will not always do that . Once I did get to a point where it turned off on me - due to getting heated - although it was like close to an hour.I recommend NOT purchasing their plastic bags - you can easily use cheaper ones - they fit nicely and work great.Other reviewers mentioned how heavy the top is compared to the waste basket bottom - this is true - although has not caused any problems - but they are right - it seems weird.I am VERY HAPPY with this item and HIGHLY recommend !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Great overall product . Shreds almost anything . Great safety features . The top of the machine is very heavy and awkward to place back on the wastebasket part of the shredder . Also the wastebasket is in two parts that do n't fit together well . Once you get past that , it really performs well .
 This shredder does not like tyvek , plastic bags or sticky adhesive labels but does very well with everything else . Its safety features are highly responsive , stopping the machine when your hand is too near the slot , the paper is n't properly engaged or is too thick . I like the large capacity bin . I would recommend this product fairly highly .
 We bought this shredder for our small business . We had another small shredder that was not confetti type . This one is and is so much better . No one will be able to put any of our papers together . I really like the shredder for credit cards . Alot easier than trying to cut them up by using scissors . I would highly recommend this to a family household or a small business .
 This shredder replaced a very old one that we had . I am very happy with the purchase . I have several boxes of papers to shred from my parent 's home and it has performed very well . I love the ability to shred credit card and the easy-to-empty container . I usually feed in 3-4 sheets at a time although the capacity is for up to 12 . I have a lot to shred so I 'm trying to get more through it before it heats up . The safety feature works wonderfully ... I have a young daughter and the minute you touch the area to feed in the paper it stops . I would purchase this shredder again without hesitation .
 I 'm a full time college student and my sister is a school teacher and we always have so many things to shred . This thing shreds just right , small enough that it is impractical for anyone to read . I 've shred papers with staples , cds , old credit cards and it has worked well for me . The basket is large enough to shred for a while that you wo n't need to dump it out everyday . The frame is a little flimsy though but for the price and performance it has , this definitely makes shredding all sort of things fun . It does occasionally get paper jam though but that 's usually only when I feed it a huge stack of papers : -LRB-
 I bought this product to replace one that lasted only 1 month before failing ! Unfortunately , I did not keep my receipt and could not return it . The product that failed was NOT a Fellowes , so I decided to try this based on warranty and reputation . It has been a great machine . It is quick , powerful , reasonably quiet . The basket is easy to empty , and it handles CD and credit cards as well as paper . I recommend it .
 Well worth the money compared to the light duty one I had before.Waste bin could be made a little stronger but does the job .
 This is not only a useful and handy shredder . It is efficiant and quiet too . I am very pleased and would highly recomend it . It shreds Cd rom and old credit cards . A great tool for the home office .
 The shredder has worked great and outlasted the wear of all the other shredders we have purchased in the past . My only complaint is that I was under the impression confetti cut meant that it was a cross cut shredder enabling extra security however it is not . Without that misunderstanding on my part the shredder itself works fabulously .
 It can shred several pages at the same time , even with staples still attached . It has a safety stop feature to protect fingers , and runs for a few seconds after each use to clear the paper and prevent paper jams . It 's not too loud , and the removable bin is good-sized to accommodate a lot of paper before emptying it . My only quarrels with it are that some paper shreds tend to spill out when I remove the bin , and that if you shred CDs or credit cards , the plastic shreds fall into the same container as the paper - not good for recycling .
 The shredder is heavy duty and does what and more than I expected . The best of the three I have owned .
 So far , so good . I 've had this shredder for less than two months . I use it infrequently , but it does the trick . Being able to get rid of paper , and more paper and all kinds of paper with my identity and info on it , is a real pleasure ! In my work , I print out design comps that eventually need to be trashed . This baby is a real smooth operator , and takes the labor out of ripping or cutting up by hand . It 's my first shredder , and if it performs well over time , I 'll give it 10 stars ! The removable drawer , makes it easy to dump the shreds , and static electricity is inevitable , so some pieces need to be swept up . This is no problem . In the 21st Century , this is a necessary device . An excellent purchase , I 'd say !
 I really love this shredder . Efficient , effective and honestly , kind of fun ! It takes whole envelopes full of junk mail and makes mince paper pie out of them . I 'm probably a little lucky it still works because the first day I got it , I could n't stop shredding stuff and by the end of the night it was pretty darn hot but alas it is still working like a charm almost a month of heavy shredding later . Also , it almost perfectly holds a paper grocery bag in the bin -LRB- which is what our recycling requires we put paper to be recycled in -RRB- . I did notice it does works better and sounds happier if you add a little lube as directed .
 This shredder is ideal for small offices w / minimal shredding needs . It 's almost more than enough for home where I use mine . The cutting mechanism steadily rips through most that you throw at it . I 've been through a few shredders and my philosophy is to always run 1/2 the # of sheets that the mfr lists as the max per run thru . for instance , you only run 6 thru a 12 sheet max feed shredder . It will definitely prolong the life of your shredder . Also , do n't forget to oil the cutting mech every so often .
 I have used three inexpensive shredders for my home and office use , and spent most of my time clearing the jams . This shredder has n't jammed on me yet , and it eats just about anything you send its way ! I spent most of a day feeding it paper from my office files , and aside from letting it cool down every once in a while , I never had to stop . Today I shredded a CD and a couple of credit cards . It did n't blink an eye ! I would heartily recommend this shredder , and at the price , it 's a great deal .
 This is my second shredder and my first Fellowes . I wanted a cross cut shredder because it is more secure and I got tired of emptying the basket all the time . This one here you can shredd for about two weeks and it is very simple to remove the basket . I was n't impressed with Fellowes in the past , but they made a winner with this one . It has the Safe Sense technology which shuts the shreddder down if the openning is touched . This feature can be turned off as well . It shredds quickly and I have put it to the test and so far , a few paper jams , but just hit the reverse button and problem solved . Simple to use , one control button does everything ; auto on , off , reverse , shredds credit cards and cd 's in it 's own separate slot , it even have a measuring gage so you know if you are trying to shredd to much . This is not light weight , about 22 -LRB- Lbs , but sturdy and very well built . I am very impressed .
 I bought this shredder after reading several good reviews about this product . It shreds documents with staples , credit/debit cards , and CD 's no problem . The action on this shredder is smooth ; I have n't had a problem with paper jamming yet . I have two small children , and planned to keep this machine near the kitchen where we read mail/do bills , so safety was a concern for me . The blades are so far recessed and underneath the touch senssitive safety bar that there does n't seem to be any way even the smallest fingers could get in there , even if the touch sensitive safety bar shutoff feature failed for some reason . We have a few of the upgraded model of this machine at the office and I have heard no complaints . If you want a machine that will shred your personal stuff and some medium duty work for one or two people , then I do n't think you can beat this machine for the money .
 I tried the smaller and more elegant looking shredders before , the ones with the metal mesh baskets that look quite nice , but I broke two of them , getting too ambitious with feeding them unopened envelopes . They also took way too long , heated up and shut down to take breaks , when I tried to shred a year 's worth of last century job and tax records . This shredder is the one . It 'll swallow the junk mail envelopes -- hook , line and sinker , i.e. fake plastic credit card -- all at once . No more tedious opening and unfolding before shredding . Even CDs -- which the sound they make when they get chewed up and the glitter flying all over is not only great fun , but it 's also quite useful for getting rid of old CDRs with personal or confidential data on it . The opening seems to be designed that my little kids ' curious fingers ca n't get in the slot . You can probably tell I 'm really excited about this shredder . I know it 's a bit geeky , but hey . The only downside ? You have to be careful not to get carried away and shred your phone bill or an envelope with a real check in it in the heat of the junk mail destruction battle ; - -RRB-
 Length :
 I have had my PS-77C for a week now . Yesterday , I ended up with almost 3 bags of short cut confetti . No Shut-downs from the machine . I turned off the machine in between sessions of cutting to let it cool down.I am sure I shredded much more than 500 sheets . I oiled the shredder with the Special Fellowes Oil , which allowed the shredder to run even more flawlessly.I cut up a few credit-cards in the special slot and it was fast and easy.The shredder makes no noise while waiting for the next batch of papers to shred . While shredding , it makes some noise , but I dont expect a shredder to be silent.The basket is easy to lift out . I use some cheap , thin 13 gal white kitchen bags in the basket . The machine light comes on when the basket if full.However , the basket was so full by then , it was less easy to remove the basket and some confetti escaped to the floor . I recommend keeping an eye on the front see-thru window and emptying before it the light comes on . However , the light is a great safetly feature , in case one forgets to look through the window.The cut pieces were small and information unreadable , so I am pleased.The top of the shredder is a bit hefty and top heavy . But , the shredder is very stable on my carpet . It has very nice styling too!All in All , I just love this shredder . It shreads folded utility bills and full envelopes of junk mail . I would not go to 10 sheet limit , but I have put in about 7 sheets at one time . I heard that all shredders really overestimate max pages and one should do a page or 2 less to prevent jams.A wonderful Value for under $ 100 !
 I really appreciate this shredder for three reasons .1 . I have three energetic , curious , impulsive children . They are very intelligent and figure things out quickly . With this machine if you touch it near the slot it shuts off . That 's practical technology .2 . I receive too much junk mail . I buy too much stuff with lots of receits and catalogs . I need this shredder .3 . It holds alot of paper and it tells me when it 's full as well as when it is getting over heated . It stops working ! There is a red light next to the picture which represents why it 's not shredding.These are my main reasons for bothering to write this review . I 've had at least five shredders . They were all smaller than this one . They either got stuck , burned out , or it just was faulty to begin with . But it 's a quality machine and it should last a long time . Buy it through amazon because they have a good track record with me for replacing faulty machines .
 I am not a typical reviewer as I do not normally buy things via Amazon , but when I needed a shredder to clean out my office , I loved the review feature of Amazon . I spent hours measuring , comparing , etc. and bought this and could not be happier . Why ? This shredder cut through several boxes of documents in over 2 days -LRB- far exceeding the supposed `` limits '' of 600 pages per day -RRB- - jammed only when I REALLY over-stuffed it , and was so easy to use it was ridiculous . So , mark this page , do the research , then come back and read these reviews again - for price/quality this wins hands down -LRB- note - I have owned 2 cheaper shredders and in the long run , it is worth paying the extra money now ... cheapies do n't shred -RRB- . Best of luck !
 I bought to replace another Fellow 55S -LRB- I think was the model -RRB- that I had bought about 7 years ago . . My old shredder was also a confetti -LRB- cross-cut -RRB- but it cut thepaper in about 1/2 of the size of this one . . I never put more than a couple of sheets in at a time and thatis why my first shredder lasted so long.Likes : * The ability to shred CDs * The ability to shred credit cards.Dislikes : * My previous shredder had a opening so I could use it as awaste basket . . so I now have to pull it out and push it backin which is n't really a fault but my personal preference . * The Power Head is very heavy , I think if it fell over ona hard surface it would break . . * When you put the head on , make sure it `` snaps '' into place , it almost fell on my foot since I did n't use enough `` force '' tosnap the head into place the first time . . ConclusionI do like the shredder and will probably buy another Fellowesin the future.Hope I get 7 years out of this one . . : - -RRB-
 After my third Staples $ 40 shredder bit the dust , I knew it was time to get serious already , which means go to Amazon to read the reviews and be prepared finally to not be a cheapskate with the next -LRB- and hopefully last -RRB- shredder . Here 's why this shredder is better and worth the extra money :1 . No more lifting the very heavy top -LRB- which includes the cutter -RRB- up to dump the contents of the bin into a plastic waste bag . With this fabulous model , you pull the bin out and you NEVER have to lift the top .2 . It has a larger capacity and if you buy the special waste bags -LRB- which you 're nuts NOT to buy -RRB- , `` Fellowes Powershred Waste BAGS 100PC/ROLL Fits All Prsnl Shredders '' -LRB- $ 20.99 -RRB- , you just pull out the bin , lift up and tie the waste bag , and down the garbage chute . No mess on the floor from emptying the stupid basket into a big garbage bag . I hated that !!! 3 . It shreds JUST FINE . If I have a lot of shredding to do , I set the timer to 10 minutes and then stop shredding for about 5 minutes . This is VERY IMPORTANT .4 . It has a reverse button which keeps the cutting mechanism free of crap build-up . The user manual says , `` Run regularly in reverse for one minute . '' Now that I do n't have a ton of shredding but just a few sheets a day , I run the reverse button for a few seconds after each short shredding session .5 . I 've had it for 3 months now and have not once lifted the -LSB- very very heavy -RSB- top off the bin/basket . That 's worth the price of admission in and of itself .6 . I also bought the oil : Fellowes Powershred Lubricant Cutter Oil for Confetti-Cut Shredders -LRB- 35250 -RRB- $ 6.99 . Have n't used it yet . But in the maintenance section of the intructions , it says to use the oil if motor sounds different or shredder stops running and it shows you how to use it . It seemed dumb not to buy the oil and I 'm glad I have it.I love this shredder and so will you !
 So far this shredder has worked flawlessly for me . I put 50 - 100 sheets through it everyday . No jams so far . I have also used it for about 8 cds and several old credit cards . I like the separate slot for cds/cards and the safety cut off if someone touches anywhere near the feeder.My only complaint is that the basket seems a little flimsy to support the weight of the cutting unit . Wheels would also help if you ever need to move it . For the price , I am well satisfied.Hint
 I was very surprised by the weight of the box when it arrived . It speaks to the robustness of this shredder even though it 's rated as personal use only . I do n't think I 'll have any problems . AA
 I have n't put my shredder to the ultimate test yet -LRB- only short-time jobs -RRB- but so far it is functioning as advertised . Appreciated the timely delivery and smooth transaction .
 I ordered this from the TheFactoryDepot , but they tried torip me off . Then I never received it , so I got it from anotherAmazon vendor and it is sweet . Despite my negative experiencewith TheFactoryDepot this is a very fine shredder and perfectfor my office , so I gave it 5 stars anyway . As one of the worldstop Raxso software developers I demand the best and I can tellyou this is it .
 This shredder is great . It will shred most anything . I had a cheap one prior to this one . It would jam and not work well . This was a great price point for the features it has . Highly recommended .
 I 've had this for a couple of months & it 's been working great . It 's been pretty light use -LRB- 50 pages/week or less -RRB- , but I appreciate being able to put healthy sized stacks of paper in and not worry about it jamming -LRB- rather than have to count our 5 sheets at a time , etc -RRB- .
 This is our third shredder over the years and it is by far the best by a wide margin . The confetti cut does a far better job of shredding than the cross cut units .
 I feel so much more secure in knowing that all my private information is being destroyed in an acceptably manner . This `` Fellowes '' shredder is quiet and capable of handling up to a twelve sheet thickness .
 I bought a few shredders from a local office supply store , and they were all junk . I have been using this shredder since March 07 , and it 's great . I do a lot of shredding and this by far is the best shredder I have ever used .
 I do n't have the problems that many people mentioned they had , such as automatic shutoff . It does shut down for 20 min when it overheats during continuous use , but this is not really a problem for me . It gives you time to empty the container and clean up the mess that emptying causes . When you pull out the container to empty , paper bits are scattered all around the shredder on the floor . Overall it does what it 's supposed to do ! I have a smaller shredder for daily use and this shredder when there is a lot to shred .
 I 've went through serval shredders and this one has proved excellent . I shred a lot of paper had no jams or breakdowns with this one . It 's easy to empty .
 Great shredder.Much more durable than any I 've had yet , and for a very reasonable price.Highly recommend .
 I have two of these units - one at home and one at my office . Quiet , and with well-shredded confetti . I would feel comfortable shredding important documents like credit reports and other sensitive legal papers using this unit . If you need to shred a few bills , papers , credit cards , etc. , it works great . Seems to shred a dozen or so papers at a time without bogging down . If you have to do a large volume of shredding , it will overheat after 100 or so pages , but will work fine after cooling down . Overall , I would buy this unit again without hesitation for small volume usage .
 The Fellowes 32177 Powershred PS-77Cs Shredder works great ! The seperate credit card slot is really nice . I would recommend this shredder for sure ! Price was great and shipped fast !
 Works very well , strong shredder motor . Will auto cut-off if a large number of sheets are shredded at one time . For example , old tax returns and associated documentation . Shredded paper easy to remove from device . Seems a little unstable until the shredder head is properly mounted on its base .
 I have filled five 32 gallon garbage cans with materials I 've shredded using this . I had it overheat on me only once -LRB- and I was pushing it -RRB- . It does not surprise me it overheated , and I do not grade it down for this reason . I did feel it took too long to cool down once I overheated it . I dropped it one star for this reason . But I am very happy with this shredder . It does a fine job and was a good buy .
 I love this shredder ! It shreds 10 pages with no problem . It says you can shred more , but I stick to around 8-10 pgs . I 've never had a problem with it overheating . The finger guard is a great idea too . It is a bit bulky and heavy , but the easy open door makes emptying it a breeze .
 this thing is great ! i had a royal and another before this . the royal was awful and the other only shredded in strips . this thing just purrs when you turn it on like it ca n't wait to get to work . i did have some issues with `` shredding '' a dvd , but i do n't really plan on using it for that anyway . i highly recommend it .
 The shredder is much quieter than previous shredders we have had . It has a nice feature
 This Fellowes Powershred PS-77Cs 12 sheet Confetti Cut Shredder , by far went way past of what I expected.It shreds effortlessly all the items run through it so far.This shredder is a `` must have '' , if you have old credit cards , CDs , or bunches of junk mail/statements with your name printed on.The quality , price , and over-all shred capablilies of this product , makes me wish I had bought it sooner.It can shred up to 12 sheets at a time , effortlessly.I still find myself mistakenly putting 1 or 2 sheets at a time through it.This is a good product , that I recommend , and I am planning as giving as a few gifts this Christmas.This shredder cuts up credit cards with ease , and I put a few CDs through it , just to see for the fun of , it how well it works .
 Chops things up to bits . Our preschooler is obsessed with it , but it is safe for her little fingers . We allow her to shred under our watchful eye , and she dances with glee . I am so glad to have this in our home . I feel much safer , identity-wise .
 Does everything it says it will ; Quiet . Not too large a unit , but good size paper bin which is easy to empty . I did n't realize what a crummy shredder I had until it broke , and now I 'm happy it did because this one is so much better . It shreds several pages at a time , and handles credit cards and cd 's without strain . The only flaw is that the plastic casing on which the shredder unit rests is flimsy , but this does n't detract from its function or appearance . Time will tell if it affects durability .
 A totally fabulous shredder at this price ! Follow the instructions on number of sheets to shred at one time , and it 's terrific , otherwise , it will jam ... It makes such fine `` confetti '' of the shredded sheets that you can do hundreds of pages before you need to empty the basket . A very good buy altogether .
 This shredder does the trick and has a nice auto-off feature if your hand gets too close and touches the guard bar . The downside is that it is not exactly confetti cut . It is , expectedly , very noisy .
 So far this product works as described . I 've had this for about a month now .
 This shredder works great . The only downside is that after we purchased it we discovered that our recycling company does not accept confetti shredded paper . If that is a concern for you , I would recomend checking with your local company before you choose a new shredder .
 I have had this shredder a month , and find it very impressive so far . I 've gone through 3 others in 2 years , but this one seems to be of very good quality .
 The product works as advertised . I 've only had it for a few months , but so far there have been no problems . I do wish that -LRB- as another reviewer said -RRB- there were wheels or something on the bottom , but you only have to move this thing around so much so it 's a very minor issue .
 I use this product on a daily basis . Each time my mail arrives , I shred unsolicited credit cards and other mail with identifying information I do n't want in my garbage can . This shredder is a workhorse which handles a number of sheets of paper at one time as well as credit cards and other multi-media products with ease . I recommend this for every home office .
 I have been through many shredders and the motor quickly burned out of all of them . This is a workhorse . The basket seemed flimsy but it does not affect this product . I highly recommend this shredder for medium to heavy home duty .
 After having three cheapo shredders , I got this Fellowes model . What a difference ! It is convenient , with a pull-out basket ; no lifting the top off to empty the confetti . The cutters seem much better designed than previous shredders I have had , and less likely to be damaged . This was also the first shredder whose instruction manual made it very clear that gummed labels should NOT be shredded , even those stuck to junk mail . With small grandchildren around , the auto-off sensor when a hand gets near the infeed is a great safety feature.We are very satisfied with this shredder and expect it to last a very long time .
 I got this to replace an 8-sheet shredder that I accidentally overstuffed and was irreparably jammed . The pieces are a bit larger than my old one which was a cross cutter , and they are straight strips so some info can still be seen . All I do is fold 6 sheets in half and put it in at an angle which takes care of that very well , this works great with envelopes of paper because you can just feed them in pretty continuously at an angle . It is amazingly powerful , you can hear it just chewing away without problem , and it is also incredibly quiet for its strength . Highly recommended .
 I bought this shredder last January and my shredder is still working like new . Of course I need to do maintenance everytime I use it to keep it in the long run . I was fed up in my old little shredder before because it just broke down in the middle of shredding . I love my new machine .
 Great shredder . I 've used and discarded a couple of others , including an OfficeMax one that cost about as much . This one handles everything , is fairly quite and has never jammed . Nice , big bucket too .
 I finally was fed up with the weak shredder I had for years which was difficult to empty and jammed and clogged . This one is a GREAT improvement . Take those full credit card offers and put the whole thing unopened right into the slot . CDs , credit cards , chop right up . To empty , just pull out the basket and dump , then slide back in . My 1 year pile of `` needs to be destroyed '' mail was gone by day 2 . Fantastic so far .
 Arrived promtply , as described . It does require shredder oil - if you do n't have some , get some ! Without it , the shredder keeps running after the paper is done . But after a squirt of oil , it stops squealing ... just like the tin man .
 I really needed this like it only wish it had wheels , it works fine , and i would buy it again price was great too .
 Yo-Does the job - with excellent results - at a reasonable price - recomment A + + + +
 This cutter is doing everything it has been asked to do . My only complaint , and it is minor , is that the shredder sometimes jams with smaller amounts -- five or six sheets -- of feed .
 This seems to be a very good product . Large enough to do the job and yet not look ugly . I am pleased I chose this one after looking at so choices . The basket with the chopped paper , CDs , etc is big enough so emptying is not a nagging task , about the size of a decent office waste basket . Good product , so far .
 This is one of Fellowes new sensor models , Fellowes Powershred PS-77Cs 12 sheet Confetti Cut Shredder , which means that if you or your kids or your wife get too near the paper entry slot , the unit shuts off automatically . It also has a removable paper basket to empty out your shredded paper.Really nice nice unit !
 A very good shredder for what I thought was a reasonable price .
 We are pleased with the Fellowes PS-77s shredder . It has the capacity both in terms of number of sheets and waste container size that suit our shredding needs . It also has nice safety features and appearance . The only disappointment was that we did n't realize it was n't on rollers . This would have made it easier to move the shredder when we had a lot of shreeding to do .
 I 'm almost able to give this item a 5 star except for one thing -- I do n't know how long it will really last . Having purchased two other shredders that lasted an average of three months , I 'm hopeful this one will last longer.The price is high enough to warrant better quality key components . Will they be up to the job of lasting the 3 - 5 years I 'm expecting from a product like this?All mechanical devices are only as strong as their weakest link . In my last two units that weakest link turned out to be a cheap plastic gear that stripped out far too early . I do n't have a law office or even shred that much - just personal bank statements , utility bills etc. . At no time have I ever run any shredder for more than -- say 20 seconds at one time , so there should be no excuse for heat buildup . Nor do I run metal , like paper clips etc. through these machines.Used to be that ` Made in Japan ' meant cheap and cheaply made goods . Now ` Made in Japan ' equates to quality made products . ` Made in China ' is now everywhere we look and some of their products seem to be following the Japanese lead of excellent quality.Maybe this is one of them.If this one quits I 'll revert back to burning in my fireplace until someone comes along with a better system - such as a security slush bucket that breaks down paper products and allows them to be flushed down the toilet - or a UV light that strips characters clean.Until then I 'll just hope this becomes a five star item ...
 This is terrific for shredding junk mail , credit cards and CDs . It 's a life-saver .
 I got this for my other half that gets `` tons '' of junk credit card `` stuff '' in the mail on a regular basis . I purchased this product for Xmas 2006 . So far it works great ! I just hope I do n't have to eat my words later on !!
 Great Shredder handles all my daily shredding needs , Love the auto shutoff feature if your fingers < or granddaugthers > should touch the unit . Highly reccomended
 This is an awesome shredder - well worth the money . It has not gotten jammed or stuck with anything I 've sent through it . Credit cards , several papers , receipts - it eats it up . It 's supposed to shred CDs but I 've not tried that yet . I used it several hours solid the first few days I had it and no problems . Great shredder ! I highly recommend it ! Amazon had prompt shipping as well - A + !
 This shredder fit our needs perfectly . Strong , stable and reliable we feel that this was a great buy for the price . Highly recommended .
 The Powershred it 's a teriffic shredder . It is quiet , powerful and gets the job done . Easy to empty and use .
 This shredder is really great ! We 've been downsizing and getting rid of tons of financial statements , and this shredder is like an industrial strength shredder . If you need to shred a lot and quickly , this is the perfect shredder . If you need to shred something occasionally , this is probably too much shredder for you . It 's only become jammed once in the year that we 've owned it , and it was clearly a case of our putting in too many pages at once . After we cleared the shredder , it worked perfectly again . It also shreds CDs and credit cards , and the tub holds a ton of paper . The emergency stop works well - if you barely touch it the shredder stops , so there 's no danger of drawing any blood .
 Well , I needed a shredder . Not a very `` sexy '' buy , but still important to protect your identity and privacy . And if you 're going to spend money on something that 's not flashy , you want the best buy you can find.And I believe this is it.I read all the other reviews -LRB- which were very helpful -RRB- and decided that this was the one . And I 'm glad I did!This shredder does it all - confetti-cut paper , credit cards , and cds . The only downside is that it heats up quickly , so it might take a little more time to accomplish your shred pile than you would like . But if you pace yourself , you wo n't have a problem.I also recommend buying the Fellows Lubricant Oil - it will prolong the life of your shredder and keep it from jamming.This is a great product and a great price . I highly recommend it !
 I always had shredders costing less than $ 50.00 , thinking a shredder is a shredder . Not so , we burned out two less expensive shredders trying to cut up boxes of confidential files . This shredder is well worth the money . First of all it is bigger , about 25 inches tall , 10 inches wide , with a deep slide out waste bin , so no more lifting the top to change bags . Second , it is easy to move , has four sturdy casters and two hand slots on each end . Third , it cuts through 17 sheets without jamming and the top indicator lights turn red when bin is full or not centered . The shredder shuts off when bin is removed or bin is not centered . My unit came with oil and plastic bags . I would suggest purchasing bags that can be recycled , look for the recycle symbol , so the paper does not end up in the landfill .
 I have been plagued by medium priced shredders that get themselves all tangled up in the shredding . After a few sheets , I have to manually untangle the machine , risk getting cut by the little teeth , and in the time this took , I could have ripped the sheets to shreds myself . I am a medium user , own a salon that has 5 employees , so it is not like I am a shredding monster all day long . I could be , however , with this Fellowes Powershred . It has not tangled up , it is quiet , and it shreds , which is the entire goal of my purchase . I have a Fellowes at home that has worked without incident forabout 15 years . I am looking forward to a long , stress-free relationship with this new purchase .
 I think this machine is great . It is so quiet and eats up the paper with no problem . I feel like it is going to last me a long time .
 Love it , have lots to shred and have burned out one shredder and blown up , -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- another . I have shredded unopened envelopes in the center of this shredder , credit cards all no problem . Only situation where something got stuck was an envelope unopened with a credit card inside . It took a little tugging in reverse but got it out no problem . Also purchased the lubricant . Very pleased and the pull out drawer is the best idea yet !!
 Shredder seems very heavy duty . Will shred anything I put in . The only thing I do n't like is the feed slot is in the front , which requires the paper to turn downwards to the blades . I generality will need to hold the paper with both hands and push it in to get it to go around the corner . I 'm sure this is to make it harder for someone to get their fingers in there , but it makes the shredder harder to use . The shredder does have a smaller slot on top which feeds straight in for putting in credit cards and CD 's . This works well for envelopes and smaller papers , avoiding the shove it in past the curve problem .
 We replaced a shredder that broke - this one is great and it actually looks good too !
 I use this in my home office . Gets used several times a week -LRB- probably empty the bin every 2 weeks or so -RRB- . I have had it for 3 + years with no issues . It occasionally jams -LRB- usually when I try to shred too many sheets at once -RRB- . It is great for home use , but for high volume shredding I 'm not sure it would be the best bet .
 Bought this Shredder Fellowes PS-77Cs from Amazon.Com / J & R Music & Computer World for $ 124.00 plus no shipping.It 's a great unit , Very will made & runs quietly . Would have been nice if it had coasters . Manual is poorly written as most are . Should have included a can of lubricating oil & a few Confetti bags . Also I had to learn how to reinsert the confetti Bin after emptying it . You need to lift up & push in.If you are only going to use only for a sheet or two once in a while you probably can find a unit for half the price . Do n't get me wrong the PS-77Cs is a great unit & I would highly recommend it , except it may be over kill for some people .
 Great shedder , plenty of power , thats way its called -LRB- bulldog -RRB- . The canister is built to flimsey , but put up with that for the way it eats paper , card cards , cds or dvd 's . Good buy , would recomend .
 Beyond my expectations - I have tons of papers to shred and so far it has far exceeded my expectations
 I have gone through two different shredders over the last couple of years . They were not Fellowes but a store brand . Before that I always used Fellowes and was very satisfied . This shredder has performed just like I expected . Eats up pages without binding up , is well made and I expect it to last a number of years . I 'm completely satisfied with this product.Fellowes 32177 Powershred PS-77Cs Shredder
 This shredder has a lot of great features for the price . Cross cut shredding provides additional security and more compact waste . I 'm using this as a home shredder so volumes are minimal . My last Fellowes lasted for years and I 'm hoping this one will too .
 Does a great job of shredding and has convenient removal of collector . However , if you overflow collector , can end up with paper mess to clean up .
 Wow , what a good deal . I 'm glad I read others reviews . This product is a power machine . I got it for my wife 's birthday.She was very impressed.I wanted her to share . It can do the job , do n't hesitate , GET ONE !!! Khop
 It eats staples and the reduced price made it a deal . Much better than the typical home-level unit .
 This was purchased for a small office after reading other reviews about it . First day , we unpacked it and tried everything from paper to CDs . It choked a little on the first CD and the first stack -LRB- 5-pages -RRB- of paper that we shredded . However , it 's been perfectly chewing up everything since that point . The safety features are outstanding as well , stopping the blades the instant someone 's fingers get near the throat of this shredder .
 I 've shredded enough to fill about 15 trash bags so far , and the shredder has worked great . It 's a bit slower than my old shredder , but I 'm very very happy with it . It has n't jammed at all . The manual that comes with it says to use shredder oil , which I had n't known when I bought it , so you might want to order that too . Also , the price was good , it costs $ 179 at several other online stores . I ordered it on a Saturday , and it arrived Thursday , which is faster than I expected -LRB- I got the free shipping -RRB- . For me , this product is well worth the price .
 THIS PRODUCT WORK GREAT EVERY TIME . EASILY SHREDDS UNOPENED CREDIT CARDS APPLACATIONS .
 What can you say about a shredder other than it shreds , it has n't broken , and it has n't even jammed . Then again , we have n't put a full ream of paper through it at one time or tried it with nails and paper clips . It 's short of `` industrial strength , '' but the industrial shredder we had cost $ 900 . This is a good value and it shreds 7-8 pieces of paper at one time without a problem . It 's not beautiful . It 's not a piece of sculpture . It 's a shredder . For all I know , it may even work with cheese . 5 stars if it does .
 This shredder , although labeled moderate use , has a great capacity . The `` medium security '' confetti shred is fantastic . We received our shredder two days after we ordered it -LRB- with FREE shipping !! -RRB- and began using it immediately . I highly recommend this product .
 I have had many protable and large shredders , and all have failed easily or did not shred what they said that they would . Right out of the box , this one exceeded expectations and cut up everything I threw at it . It replaced a Ativa -LRB- Office Depot -RRB- shredder that failed after 3 months and couldnt do a quarter of the work that this one does ! It was a great price on amazon as well .
 This is a great product . It actually cuts the papers into small pieces , leaving no large ones . This shredder is easy to use and very safe . The strip shredder we replaced would leave several strips still attached .
 I bought this to replace an older Fellows Shredder that died from a hopelessly clogged cutting mechanism , probably due to overfeeding . I think it was still under warranty , but I figured it was n't worth the hassle or the cost of shipping to get it fixed , especially since Amazon had such a good price on this one.The PS-77Cs easily handles 10 to 12 sheets at a time , including those annoying credit card offers and solicitations for charities I 've never heard of that seem to show up daily , chopping them to bits , envelope and all . It 's very adequate for my home office , but it would probably be insufficient for a larger office.It has a 5-year warranty , which is reassuring , although I have to wonder about the cost of shipping such a heavy item someplace for repair . Shredders at this level are , IMHO , like toasters and DVD players -- generally not worth the cost of repairs , especially if you can write it off as a business expense.I especially like the safety feature of the PS-77Cs that stops the cutting mechanism instantly if you touch the area around the slot where you feed the paper into the shredder . My grandkids are fascinated with the thing , and I feared that there could be an accident with the old machine , which lacked this feature . That 's another reason I decided to buy a new one rather than try to fix the old shredder .
 Great product . I made sure I did my homework and read up as much as I could on all the available shredders . I needed one that was going to be able to handle a year 's worth of paperwork and old bills in a day . This handled it just fine and was quiet while doing it too . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a medium to heavy shred load .
 After much hunting down for a shredder , I chose the Fellowes 32177 Powershred PS-77C . This is just what i needed for home/office use . It shreds a nice stack of paper -LRB- about 15 sheets or so -RRB- and also does a good job with the CD 's and Credit Cards . The shredder is quiet as can be for a shredder . Quality is good . The plastic bin is just perfect , and it 's super easy to take out the bin to toss the shredded paper . The safety touch thing is very cool too . All in all perfect for my needs . I Recommend it .
 I 've only had this a little while , but it chews up everything I throw at it . The greatest thing is I do n't even have to open those pesky credit card offers ; I can just feed in the whole envelope ! It 's a lot quieter than my old shredder , too .
 I purchased this after reviewing other medium-class shredders , and I 'm happy with my purchase ! I 'm a heavy CD-shredder , and this unit has n't failed for 2 months and 150 CDs later . It 's not loud , but I have mine placed in an home-office . I do n't see why you would shred while watching a movie , so noise is honestly not an issue for my home use.The safety feature can sometimes be annoying ; when your hand lingers nearby it will sometimes stop and blink at you , but not often or annoying enough to knock the product down any stars . It 's top heavy , and since I do n't move it often it 's not an issue , but it was heavier than I expected.The container behaves as you 'd expect - when you pull it open little confetti spills out , but this is standard with this design . The cleanup is not as bad as I have experienced with other units.I would recommend this shredder to home users , looking to shred their junk-mail -LRB- in envelope -RRB- along with their normal paperwork and media/cards . It performs above average , looks good , is n't loud , and does a nice confetti size -LRB- small -RRB- . Pros : * Great unit at pricepoint * Shreds large number of papers -LRB- including full junk-mail envelopes -RRB- * Durable * Consistent performance * Shreds Media and paper * Small confetti sizeCons : * Little on the heavy size -LRB- if you move yours -RRB- * Requires cleanup when you open the containerFull Disclosure
 I bought this to replace my 6-year-old Aurora shredder after I jammed its motor . Compared to that , it 's a powerhouse . I had to shred about 10 pounds of paper that had collected since Aurora 's death . The Powershred finished the job in short order , with only 2 minor jams that were easy to reverse . You need to be careful if you 're using heavy stock paper , do n't push the limit . I followed the instructions and let it cool down after each 20-min shred session ... the motor felt hot but did n't overheat , and I was able to restart within another 20-30 min . The safety shut-off is awesome , especially with 2 curious cats around , and I like that its use is optional . Good capacity storage , and easy to empty . I 'm not keen on using the oil , I find it rather messy , but in the interest of longevity I 'm using it anyway . Good value for a medium-use shredder . Overall , definitely happy with this purchase .
 This product is great , have shredded so many papers , the best is the credit card shredder . We have had this shredder almost a month and I would tell everyone to buy one . No problems with it at all . Also holds alot of paper in the basket . I put in a clear plastic bag so all we have to do is pull it out , no mess .
 I 've had other shredders but this one by Fellowes is fantastic ! Easily shreds several sheets at a time and has a slot for the shredding of plastic credit cards . It does all with ease . The front pull-out container makes it easy to dispose of the shredded paper . Using the plastic bags that fit within the container makes it even easier . Highly recommend this product .
 Time owned
 After spending less on two schredders which did n't last a year , I bought this one which is just perfect for ordinary home use . Please note that the reviews that were negative used it at at least 10x the load it 's advertized to manage .
 This is the best home shredder you will find . I am amazed that I got this quality of a shredder for the price that I paid . I highly recommend it !
 The Fellowes PS-77Cs is a spectacular shredder ! I was using another brand which only did a few pages at a time . Some of the plastic teeth broke and I was forced to pick paper out of the teeth after fifteen or twenty uses . The PS-77Cs is a real workhorse . It has taken everything I have fed to it . Have n't tried feeding it a piece of plywood yet . I am delighted I chose this shredder .
 Purchased this for a small office with the need to shred only a few documents/pages daily . It works really well and was simple to set up and use from the box . The container under the cutter assembly is a little flimsy , as others have noted , but I do n't think it will be a problem . We have it sitting up on a table next to our printer and the height is great for shredding and accessibility.It shreds credit cards , junk mail , CDs and multiple pages without any problem . It really appears to be all you would need for moderate shredding needs . Ca n't think of any negatives . Unless you have to shred hundreds of pages daily ... this is all you should need . Rather than buying a very cheap unit , which we have heard wear out easily , this one may be more than we require ... but it 's built for longer and more dependable use . Very reasonable price for what you get.Stylish and simple to use too .
 Just bought this shredder and it is perfect for our household needs . It does a nice job of shredding documents , cd 's and credit cards . Also received a great price for it on Amazon .
 I like this shreader . I had a smaller one that clogged up regularly ... like after 4 sheets ... I got so fed up I just kept hording the `` to be shreaded '' papers by the bagfull ! But this shreader takes care of business ... I have cleared out all those papers and now keep it by my trash can ... I check my mail ... shread , immediately , what needs to be shreaded and toss the junk .
 Love low noise . Also had a kitten try to shred her paw . Glad it had the touch sensitive off . It 's a little messy emptying the bin . Tried with and without a bag in the bin . But is not that critical . Have not pushed it to its max . Have n't tried paper clips or more than 4 sheets at a time.The bin is small but that allowed me to place the shredder is very convenient spot under my desk .
 best I 've ever owned , work horse , basket is part of the safty shot off system , it needs to be inserted properly for the sherder to opperate .
 So far , I am very pleased with this shredder . I have gone through two previous shredders where the motor died for no reason . I decided to spend more this time and based on the others reviews , this seemed like a good deal . It has easy shredded everything I have put in . It also has a nice flip top feature that allows for easier unjamming if you accidently put too many papers in . Just beware , this is a powerful motor but not a quiet one .
 This is my second Fellows shredder now in use at two locations . You must be careful to put sheets into shredder perfectly straight ir it will jam . It will not handle the rated number of sheets without jamming . Jams are hard to clear . Aside from this it is probably one of the best out there .
 I love my new shredder . It is a real workhorse . It will shred those letter that credit card companies send you with the fake credit card in it without hesitation . Unopened even . The price on this product was great also . With this shredder , you will feel secure that your personal information is destroyed . It is also a great stress reliever ... :0 -RRB-
 Easy to operate and is exactly as advertised . Does an excellent job . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 We love the shredder . Takes care of all our documents including credit cards . Large capacity and easy to use & empty out .
 Works well . Does the job it is supposed to do , however , I feel it is a bit noisy .
 Having owned a cheap shredder previously , I can really appreciate the features and safety of the PS-77Cs . An easily accessible OFF switch and the Safe Sense technology are great . This is also strong enough to shred through unopened credit card solicitations -- I do n't have to waste time opening them anymore ! If you own a tiny office , this may not be the shredder for you , as this is a large and heavy shredder compared to the cheap ones . Otherwise , this shredder is definitely worth the -LSB- ... -RSB- price .
 My wife and I have a home office and use a shredder for some personal and business duties . We have owned several Fellowes printers . These all performed well and were well-reviewed , but usually give out after a year or two . I purchased this printer as it 's a medium-duty printer rather than the light-duty models we have used in the past . The heavy duty ones were considerably more expensive and I did n't feel our usage required heavy-duty equipment . So far , the machine has performed well . It seems both quieter and more powerful than prior models we 've owned . I can not address durability as yet , but I am hopeful , based on the performance so far , that we will have this machine for at least 3-4 years . So , I give the shredder 4 stars with hopes it will eventually prove to be a 5-star model .
 I 've had a number of shredders , and this one is the best by far . It handles a heavy load without issue for a reasonable price .
 I like this shredder . It works , it works , and it works . I keep shredding and it wo n't stop on me . I like that it looks very appealing and it 's a little sherman tank .
 So far have had no problems . But this is my 3 shredder . I love the design , small and compact , but the shredders motors quit working after a few years . I am hoping the motor on this one is better .
 After burning out a $ 40 shredder in a matter of days , I decided to spend a little more for something more powerful . This shredder did the job and helped me complete a few years of shredding in no time . Of course , I had learned a few things after my first shredder - like the need to oil and letting it `` rest '' instead of trying to do so much at one time and overheating it . Going forward , I 'll shred on a regular basis instead of saving it all up for once ! It 's a litte messy to empty , but pretty quiet and efficient . Great for home use or a small office setting .
 Great shredder for the money , but probably a little more shredder than the average home actually needs . With that said however , if your like me I wanted my first shredder to my last shredder , so I was willing to spend a little extra for quality . After many weeks of research this one got the best reviews and seemed like the best `` bang for the buck '' so I went for it and I am very pleased . It has great features like
 After a couple months of home use , I have been extremely pleased with PS-77Cs . This shredder eats unopened credit-card offers with great aplomb . It 's quick and quiet , and has all the features one could find in a shredder . Initially , I thought the SafeSense feature would be a nuisance , but I have come to appreciate it after witnessing this thing tear through old bank statements . The confetti pieces are small and the bin is huge . The only reason I knocked off one star was because the bin is a bit flimsy . Though , after having dealt with cheaper shredders , I highly recommend this unit .
 I bought this to replace a 7 sheet cross cut shredder that finally died after 5 years -LRB- I shredded too much paper and the gears stripped -RRB- of weekly use . I researched what was available on Amazon , Staples , and Office Depot . This was the best price for the shredder that would also do small paper clips , staples , credit cards and even CDs or DVDs . It runs quiet and does not slow down if I try to do 10 pages at once . I like the paper catching basket , because you can take it out and the shredder stays on supports . Something that impressed me about it was Fellowes tests every shredder before they ship them ! I think it will last awhile .
 I did a lot of research before I made my decision on a shredder . This one was the best performing for the best price . I had a lot of paperwork that needed to be shredded and this one took care of the mess !!
 I am very pleased with the recent purchase of the PS-77C 's Fellowes shredder . It has n't given me any grief to date . It shreds paper , CD 's , credit cards , etc. with no trouble . I 'd buy another if I needed it .
 I have had my new sherdder for about 6 weeks and am very happy with it . I burned my old one up shredding too many things at one time so this time I 'm being very careful not to overload it . It 's much quieter than the old one . It has a good capacity and is not too big for the space that I have . I like the little shelf space on top . All in all , I think it was a good buy for the price .
 This is the perfect size and capability for my needs . As advertised , I am very very happy with it . Highly recommended .
 My favorite thing is how this shredder is quiet and calm sounding . None of the frantic , high-pitched noise of our old cheaper shredder . A few shreds of paper fall out when you empty the drawer , but I 've never had a shredder that did n't , and it 's not bad at all . The top of the shredder is flat , so we stack stuff there and do a bunch of shredding all at once .
 This is a sturdy shredder . Shreds everything easily . Great for a home or small office .
 This shredder is a beast . It goes through unopened junk mail envelopes with no problem . The basket is large and removes from the front so that paper does not get everywhere . CD 's and credit cards are also not a problem . I got the oil with it . The top of the unit is heavy but you would expect that . I have a huge back log of shredding to get done and this is just the thing . I have not tried to ram a paper clip through it yet but staples are not a problem . I could not be more happy , and the price was great !
 WOW ! I received this item super quick even though it went supersaver shipping . My last Fellows -LRB- 8 sheet shredder -RRB- died after faithfully shredding several years of paper for me . This unit has significant improvements . It has a slide out can that makes paper emptying less cumbersome ... kudos to Fellows . There is a seperate area to submit credit cards and CD 's for shredding . This unit was easy to put together -LRB- 3 mins -RRB- and I had it working away in no time . Definitely worth the money .
 We purchased two of these shredders to replace old shredders in our department . These shredders are much faster and do n't ` clog ' up like the old ones did . The disk shredder feature on the top is very nice also .
 This machine terminates paper / credit cards etc. with ease . Seems expensive but works well . I am satisfied with it . Draws a lot of power when in use .
 My wife uses this every day and is perfectly pleased . First bought a shredder from Office Depot -LRB- ca n't remember the brand -RRB- that was cheap and never worked right so was returned .
 I have n't had a lot of experience with paper shredders before this one but it does what I want and does it well . Thanks to the other reviews here I had confidence it would shred what I need and more . The CDs and credit cards go down just fine . Several envelopes at once are also a breeze.The top is a bit heavy but not too bad if you 're not moving it around a lot . The paper basket slides out easily without removing the top and overall it just does what it 's supposed to do .
 I ordered the PS-77CS and received it within a few days . However , the unit I received was defective - the motor did n't work . Completely dead . I called the manufacturer and they quickly sent me out a replacement unit - but they sent the wrong model ! It was a cheaper model that did n't have the child safety features we needed . Did n't realize it until I had it unpacked . I called the manufacturer again and although their records show that they shipped me the correct unit , they sent me another PS-77CS . I had to make two trips to the UPS Store to ship the 1 -RRB- defective unit and the 2 -RRB- wrong model back to the manufacturer . Finally , after about 3 weeks , I received the correct unit , and it works fine . It 's able to chew up thick junk mail , envelopes and all !
 Highly satisfied with this shredder . We had used a three-sheet-maximum shredder from Fellowes for more than 7 years -LRB- finally wore it out ; I think a belt broke -RRB- but this PS-77Cs gobbles up 10-12 sheets greedily and runs for a much longer period of time continuously -LRB- 10-12 minutes claimed -RRB- before cooling . It is not as noisy as the old shredder and I believe it accepts pages faster . I think it 's a misnomer to call it a `` confetti '' shredder because the `` chad , '' while narrow , is about 1-1/2 inches long , probably sufficient to discourage all but the most determined dumpster-diver from ever reconstructing a page . The bin is easy to remove and replace but it never catches all the shredded paper , and reversing the motor never clears all of the accumulated chad . Fellowes-approved lubricating oil is rather expensive and may not be readily available at office supply stores . All in all , for our household , for our purposes , a thoroughly satisfactory machine .
 When I purchased this shredder for xmas I was n't sure what to expect ... But after using it for 3 months now it works great . We use it for mainly credit card apps and mail . So I do have to say ... for such a low price I have no complants for this product !!!
 I have owned several shredders in the past including other Fellowes models . This one far exceeds previous models . It shreds 12 pages as described , no problem . Safety bar nice when kids are around . It has unexpectedly stopped shredding when no fingers were around , had to clean the bar . Basket adequate and I like the window to view how full.Only negative is it does thermal shutdown after short period of time when doing a lot of shredding and you must wait until it cools to resume .
 I bought this shredder after looking a less expensive ones that are far less capable.Now that I have it I am really happy I spent a little more to get a far better machine.I highly recommend it .
 We bought this shredder for use in our small office . We did n't need something super-industrial ; just a mid-grade shredder to handle the occasional papers , and at certain times , the end-of-year cleanout of the files . Our Staples brand shredder had worked fine for a while , but eventually the blades morphed into a paper eating/twisting machine , and the actual shredding was a notion of long ago . Surprisingly -LRB- or not so much -RRB- , this happened despite regular cleaning , paper removal , and oiling of the blades.So onto the Fellowes PS-77Cs shredder . This powerful little bundle of joy has made a nice addition to our office . While we have only had it a few weeks , it seems to work well , and we are so far pleased . A few observations of the machine : Pros : * Shreds 12-13 sheets at a time . I only actually got close to this once , but chickened out at about 10 - just testing it to see if it lived up to it 's claims . * Handy paper thickness guide located on the front will tell you if you are trying to feed it more than it can handle . * Large removable bin that collects shreds and makes cleanup easy . * See-through indicator on bin so you know when it 's getting full and needs to be emptied . * Finger sensor stops machine if you are too close so it does n't grab your appendages for a mistaken meal . -LRB- This is great for an area with small children nearby , but also has a switch to disable it if you find it annoying . -RRB- * Durable blades appear to be very well-designed and constructed . Looks much less chinsy than our other shredder.Cons : * Not on wheels . Did n't realize how much I missed this feature until our old shredder died . Made it easier to move out of the corner when you are ready to empty the bin . * Slightly louder . Just a bit louder than our old shredder , though still fairly non-disruptive unless it is your cubicle mate . * Paper feeds slightly unusual . Unlike the smooth flow of the paper through our old machine , this shredder bounces it up and down slightly as if it pauses to chew before taking the next bite . It 's a continuous flow , just a little more choppy , which may actually be why it works better and does n't twist the paper or jam up so much.Overall , a great product !
 This is a great shredder . I 've had it for about 6 months and it 's been awesome . I 've probably shredded about 130 gallons of documents with it . I 've sometimes put in too many documents and jammed it , but it 's easy to unjam.However , the plastic bin that holds up the motor is cheap and it is showing signs of warping due to the heavy weight of the top . I am not sure how long the shredder is going to hold up without some kind of reinforcement on the right side.One of my concerns with buying this shredder was the need for special bags , but I 've found it works fine without buying the overpriced bags . I have a large garbage can in my office and I can dump the shredder bin into it without making much of a mess.The motor is very quiet , the cross-cut pieces are small enough that I feel comfortable shredding very valuable information and discarding it in the trash . For the price , I feel it 's a good buy -- but it loses a star for being too cheap with the plastic bin .
 This replaced the DS-1 which I had for about 3 days . Whose designed I loved but it only lasted about a basket and a half due to overheating . My new 77Cs has gone through about 4 baskets -LRB- now I 'm caught up -RRB- of shredding . I 've had this unit now going on two months ... no problems . Instead of burning up its internal circuit board -LRB- like the DS-1 -RRB- this unit has a heat sensor and will shut itself down for about 20 minutes to cool off . There is a red temp light that comes on . It did this once for me . I grabed a cup of coffee and came back a hour later . Just remember to reoil the blades with each basket -LRB- per owners manual -RRB- and you should have no problems.Originally I was taken back by the way the top just lays sloppily and precariously on top of the frame and I had planned to downgrade the unit in this review because of this . I changed my opinion when I discovered it has to be installed properly first . Several reviewers have also complained about the flimsy basket ... If you take the time to observe the design , the heavy shredder head has a half dozen or so plastic snaps that slide into slots on the top of the basket frame . If you can get all of them to go in properly the unit is much more stable , there will be no wobble . Also , the sliding waste basket wo n't slide out by itself due to vibration , etc. . The top is heavy and it may take two people to line it up . I 'm a big strong guy and I did it myself with some effort and I 'm glad I did as it is much different , much more stable than at first .
 The first shipment was damaged and AMAZON quickly sent a replacement . The FELLOWS PS-77C is a fine product . I say this even though I do am not all that happy with the container . Nevertheless , simply place the shredder on plywood cut an inch or two larger than the unit . The trash collector will easily slide out for cleaning . Spray the collector with Static Guard.After using the shredder for several weeks we find that it does a very good job on large batches as well as several sheets at a time . It is indeed a heavy-duty shredder and adequate for home use . Squirt some oil in the slots as instructed to protect the unit . Use common sense and do not overload and the unit will provide good service . LC-in Maryland
 When I first got the shredder and took out the motor section from the box -LRB- the silver top part in picture -RRB- I could tell it was a sturdy motor . Nice and heavy.However , the lower section was a little disappointing as the plastic is cheap . This causes the whole thing to shake when you remove the waste basket.As far as shredding goes , it is GREAT ! 12 pages no problem and ran it for a good 5 minutes without an issue . Manual says 12 minutes consecutively is max . I did a 4 inch stack of documents with no problem at all.My third shredder , first one that I spent over 50 bucks for , should be the last one I buy .
 This is really a nice shredder . It 's very powerful , you can shred credit card application letters without opening them , too bad I ca n't hook one up next to my mailbox and have the mail carrier drop them right in . Be aware , its about 3 times heavier than my old 5 sheet shredder , and its best emptied by pulling the wast receptacle forward from under the motor , rather than lifting the motor off , so you need enough space to do this .
 I upgraded from a Royal shredder that was n't a confetti type . The Fellowes is much quiter than I expected it to be . The pull out basket is a nice feature and eliminates the need to have to lift off the motor unit to empty the basket like my previous shredder . The basket has a `` window '' in front so you can see the level of waste BUT in order to use that feature you must purchase transparent waste bags . I just use a kitchen bag and check the volume visually . The unit is safe to use around kids and it would be virtually impossible to have an accidental injury with it . I would definitely recommend this shredder to any home owner . In view that your trash is now considered to be `` public '' I do n't want my personal business made public .
 Received this couple days ago . Seems very well made . Other individuals who commented on the weight and how it seems top heavy are correct . Had Fellows shredder before this one for several years and although smaller it worked very well for a long time . This one is slightly bigger but perfectly acceptable . After the previous Fellows shredder finally broke purchased one from Office Depot -LRB- odd brand named something like aimd , arne , whatever -RRB- for same price as this one . Returned it as piece of junk . Fellows much much better quality . Safety feature also works great and if you choose there is a switch to turn it off . My only surprise thus far is the shredder base . The shredder I rec 'd from Amazon is black not dark blue as pictures suggest . Model number exactly same . Black looks just fine to me so will keep it but if you are expected a dark blue color you may be surprised . Have no idea if other reviewers rec 'd a dark blue model since no one else mentioned the discrepancy .
 This is the 5th paper shredder I have purchased . I have purchased one shredder every year for the past five years . Every year around Christmas , my paper shredder dies . All throughout the year , I notice my shredders have less and less power until they just stop . This year , I decided to spend a little more money -LRB- not much more -RRB- and since I have had it , I have noticed the quality to be way above every shredder I have ever had . Fellowes makes a high quality shredder for a great price . So , if you are looking for a shredder , I highly recommend to get this one .
 This shredder is the best one I 've ever tried.Here is what I have learned about this PS-77Cs shredder : - The noise level of this Fellowes shredder is the same as other medium shredders I have used , i.e. , the PS-60 , and other brands . - The basket part is black not blue . - To remove the basket , you pull the basket forward . No need to lift the heavy cutting head . - It did not come with bags , but they are not required . - The basket is taller on the front side -LRB- with the window -RRB- , and shorter on the backside . - An 8 gallon trash bag will fit this basket to make clean up easier , but I have n't filled the basket up yet , but I have tried the 8 gallon trash bags for size and they fit great . - The basket is plastic but strong enough for the job . The plastic basket is not designed to be jumped on , thrown off a cliff , run over by an automobile , etc. , but it will hold the heavy cutter and confetti cut paper . It is strong enough so that there is no danger of it breaking from normal use . - The safety feature to stop the cutter if fingers get close to the intake slot works perfectly . - Shredding CD 's is great , as well as credit cards , etc. - This is a Medium duty shredder . Perfect for home office . - Use the lubricating oil regularly . A light vegetable oil will also work fine . - Comes with a 2 page illustrated manual -LRB- in multiple languages -RRB- so the most manual-phobic can deal with it.I would buy this brand and model again , and no , I do not work for Fellowes or know anyone who does .
 First of all , thanks to those who left reviews about this product , it helped me significantly when making my decision . I will now second guess Consumer Reports reviews , since a number of people gave a bad recommendation on a product that was CR Best Buy . I feel I got my money 's worth on this shredder . It 's my first paper shredder , and so far I 'm very satisfied . Some of the other reviews really `` hit the nail on the head '' when they spoke of the base being too unstable for the weight of the shredding unit . Also it is hard to line up the shredding unit with the base without pinching your fingers . Come on Fellowes , how about a notch on each side of the shredding unit to easily line it up with the base . I do feel that the shredding units weight is a definite plus though . All in all , very satisfied thus far . It 's too soon to comment on it 's reliability and length of service . Hopefully those will be positives as well .
 This is a terrific shredder . I tried several others in the same price range . All were extremely noisy and quickly failed despite my religiously following all instructions , never exceeding the recommended number of sheets , and regularly lubricating the blades . By contrast , this shredder is quiet , sturdy , and reliable beyond my wildest dreams .
 I have had a Staples-special non-crosscut shredder for several years , and sensitive documents were building up since it was such a pain in the neck to use . This one arrived within a couple days and I 've almost completed the backlog already . Let me describe some features of the unit :1 -RRB- It is surprisingly heavy . The power unit on top is maybe 20 pounds . To me that implies a lot of durable metal parts rather than plastic .2 -RRB- There is actually a separate stand and basket so that you can empty the basket without removing the power head . The `` stand '' actually looks like a basket with the front missing , and the actual basket pushes inside from the front . Very nice given the weight .3 -RRB- The basket has a transparent viewing port -LRB- you can see it on the picture -RRB- that lets you tell when it is full .4 -RRB- The power unit can sense when the basket is not there and will not turn on . -LRB- You have to put the basket in carefully to be sure to engage the switch , btw -RRB- 5 -RRB- It is surprisingly quiet , especially compared to my old one . And yes , it does eat staples . With no noticable extra noise .6 -RRB- There is a little paper gauge so you can tell when you have about the right amount of paper in hand . That 's the black thing in the picture right in front of the paper inlet . ------------------------ The best thing about it to me is that the crosscut shreds coming out pack much better than the full-length strips that my old one made . I got quite a bit of paper into one basketfull . I do recommend emptying the basket when it gets up to the viewport . `` Just a few more '' as I did ends up spilling some when you take the basket out.I do n't see any reason to buy the special bags . Yes they are the perfect size for the basket , and yes , a bag is a good thing . However , I think you could use a regular cheap garbage bag just as easily . I plan to take my shreds to the paper recycling in town and empty the bag and reuse it . -LRB- My paper recycling is mixed type that you dump in a big dumpster ; if you have newspapers only and have to stack them , you probably wo n't be allowed to do this .
 This little beast works as advertised . It can handle a good amount of paper in one session , does n't jam -LRB- as long as you do n't try to shove like , 20 pages in at a time -RRB- , swallows staples without complaint , and easily deals with CDs and credit cards through the special slot.Like others have commented , my only complaint is the flimsy construction of the base . The shredding unit at the top is significantly more massive than the base . The poor structural rigidity of the base makes it difficult to assemble -LRB- even though the assembly itself is quite quick -RRB- , difficult to move , and difficult to empty and reinsert the waste basket portion . It 's nowhere near a fatal flaw , however , but an extra few cents put into manufacturing and this would have been a much sturdier unit.Overall , I 'm quite satisfied and would highly recommend this to anyone seeking to help protect their private information . If you 're looking for a powerful shredder at an affordable price , look no further than this unit .
 I 've bought two of these phones for my parents who are hard of hearing . The first one they used alot - I mean alot . They were setting up a reunion and were calling people constantly for about a year . They literally wore it out . The buttons sometimes did n't work anymore , etc. . My dad liked it so much , though , he had me get another one for him . He said that it allowed him to actually use the telephone again after some years of not being able to make out what people were saying . The second one we got stopped working after about 3 months . I returned it to the factory and they sent out a brand new replacement . I was out the $ 6 shipping though . I hope this one has a longer life span . It seems to be OK for normal usage -LRB- not amplified -RRB- but not necessarily spectacular . For amplified usage -LRB- they tell me -RRB- it 's outstanding . Unfortunately it 's only 900 MHz which limits its range . I also tried their 2.4 GHz model , but returned it because my dad said that it was n't as good for amplified use .
 I bought this phone mainly because I wanted a model that had numerous speed-dialing buttons and a decent speakerphone . Thus far , I am very pleased with the model . The 945 is a 4-line phone designed for office use , but it works great as a home phone . It has 16 speed dial buttons located on the right side of the phone . This makes it a snap to call family and friends by just pushing two buttons - one for speakerphone and one for the number . The speakerphone seems to work well and I also like the green backlit lcd display , which generally looks cool but also makes the phone easy to use in the dark . It also displays the date , time , number dialed , and phone call length , useful for keeping track of how long an interesting -LRB- or not -RRB- conversation has been going on for . Phone preferences can be set by an easy to use on-screen menu system and there are also a bunch of ring tones to choose from , which I appreciate because I have chosen a lower frequency tone that is so much more pleasant than the typical high-pitched annoying telephone ring my last phone had . Be aware , though , that Caller ID is n't supported on this phone .
 Bought two of these phones at work , and we love them . VERY easy to install and use ; did n't even have to open the user 's manual . The sound is very clear and not muffled at all.One thing I would recommend for those who purchase this phone
 This phone works very well for me in my busy office . I was specifially looking for hold , speakphone , mute , and Do Not Disturb , which this phone has . The only 2 things I do n't like is that is does n't have caller ID , and finding an old caller ID box is proving time consuming , plus when I put a call on hold and my assistant picks it up in the other room , my phone continues to beep at me reminding me that I put someone on hold . Other that those two things , I like the phone .
 These phones so far work very well . There are two points to heed if you are doing wiring for them.The phone takes in telco lines two at a time . One connecting cable/wire carries lines 1 and 2 , and the second carries 3 and 4 . DO NOT FEED a dedicated fax line nor a DSL line to line one -LRB- first cable , inner pair of wires in a 4-wire jack/plug -RRB- . Leave that as plain as you can since it seems to be the administrative line for the system.If you 're feeding a line with DSL into this puppy , it REQUIRES a DSL filter on the line . Feed DSL in on line 3 -LRB- the inner pair of the second cable -RRB- as a telco DSL filter will filter the inner pair of line 3 and pass through on line four -LRB- the outer pair -RRB- . That will make this phone 's setup easy .
 Everything works great except one receiver had a bad mic & had to be replaced , otherwise great !
 I have been using these phones for about four years in my small business and they are ideal and easy to use .
 I ordered a 945 and received a 1040 which had to be returned because it was not compatible with our 900 series telephone system . The shipper did pay return shipping , but why did n't they contact us before sending what we did not order ?
 It will do the job , for a basic office . Very sturdy , will take the abuse from the `` girls '' banging phone , spilling coffee .
 One of the bottoms to a kitchen drawer had come loose . The back staple/nails had split from the plywood , so the bottom would slide back and forth when you opened and closed the drawer . I used the Sumo glue to secure the bottom portion of the drawer by putting the glue in the grooves on the side panels of the drawer , sliding the bottom in , and leaving the glue to dry.The glue expands , like a foam , while it is sitting . This helped fill the grooves and make the repair secure . The glue does n't foam up straight out of the bottle , which makes it easier to work with . Excess foam can be wiped away immediately or cut/pulled away -LRB- I missed an area on the bottom of the drawer -RRB- . Since then , the drawer bottom has n't budged . I am extremely happy and will be keeping this in a safe place for future repairs . I would definitely recommend for similar projects .
 Pretty cheap plastic , is the only downside . I bought this item to key my key in my wallet . This was the perfect thickness to old one or two keys , it is a little bigger than a credit card , but fits very nicely in a wallet . I would buy it again , still use mine daily and have for months and has no ware and in brand new condition .
 This bubble mailer is awesome and it came in its own envelope . It is well padded and securely encloses whichever item you put in it . Besides being great , it is made by 3M - the company that invented the post-it and all other kinds of cool stuff . Fantastic ... will buy again !!
 The envelope I ordered was exactly what I expected , but just to let you know it does not have the box to write the address or return address . The front is completely blank except for the scotch logo and a handle with care message .
 Item came just as described , and extremely quick . I ordered via Free 2-Day standard Amazon Prime but received it the following day.This item is perfect if you only need 1 mailer instead of buying in bulk . Turns out , the price of this here is actually cheaper and much higher quality than what I can buy at the store .
 I 've bought little cheap knickknacks over the years , when I 'm just a buck or so shy of the magical $ 25 mark ... but this is the most practical one . I used it the day after I received it ... really came in handy.In terms of the item itself ... it 's properly bubbly and the self-sealing flap is properly adhesively . Not much more to say .
 This product is of great quality and an awesome price . The battery drops down in the charger and it holds it in with no problems . The lights on the front are very bright and easy to see when your camera is done charging the light turns green . The battery charged up in 2 hours and 30 mins which I belive is pretty fast considering the battery was totally dead . The fact that it comes with a house charger , car charger and a adapter in case you need it while travling to an international country is also perfect for those who love to take vacations . What more can I say it 's an all in one and good for everyone who needs a quality camera charger . I am so happy to have done business with this seller . Thanks so much .
 It is a very sturdy product and ordering it was very easy . It also shipped right away which helped considerably !
 We needed to add a phone to our office , which uses the 945 model . We needed a good phone at a reasonable price , so we are glad that this phone works with the 945s - plug and play . We do n't use the extension features or the answering machine , but it is great to have a phone that works with a simple and cheap Radio Shack headset .
 Our office has used these phones for a while and we 've all had good luck with them . Setting them up is easy , and the phones have many advanced features which would normally require setting up a full-fledged PBX system . OH , and they are FANTASTIC for use as a speaker phone !! Very loud and clear : o -RRB-
 We are using 5 of the 984 's in an office with 5 administrative employees that need voice mail answering systems . We also have 3 954 phones in areas that do not need the answering system . Plus there are 4 wireless phones for our hourly employees that are not system phones . The system does what we wanted it to do . I had planned to return it if it did not live up to our needs . We had a older AT & T 4 line system 800 series and this one has a totally different logic system and many improved features . The bugs are still not worked out . AT&T ; offers support and even electronic enhansments for free to solve electonic problems associated with your local service . We are collecting question and situation data before wasting their time.It took about 4 hours to read and understand the directions plus program the phones . One person should do this then teach the others what they need to know . We did this with a short summary sheet which also gave intercom numbers , how to transfer , etc. . Programming the phones could probably be done easily by a 10 year old . For us it took some re reading . I can see why some people would give up and think the phones are no good.We paid about $ 1100 for the system . We could have paid well over to $ 4000 for other systems that I am sure were excellent with many more features but were just more then we needed . Plus the selling company would have had to maintain them and make any up grades for us at an additional expense.We wish when you transfered a call the caller would hear a ringing , they hear nothing until the phone is answered or sent to voice mail . AT&T ; may have an answer for this or we will warn callers in the out going message . It would be nice if you could play music during the wait or a sales message.Over all we are very happy with the price and performace .
 This is the most flexible `` mini-PBX '' style multi-line phone I was able to find . And BELIEVE me - I did my research ! You ARE able to add music on hold with a separate device that is for sale on the web.Holding - transfering - paging -LRB- individual or office -RRB- it works AWESOME ! . The reason I REALLY like it is because I can attach 19 total incoming/outgoing lines to the system maximum while giving each extension their OWN private line . They each have customizable voicemail and I can have an autoattendant pick up every line even though other lines might already have been answered by the autoattendant.I use VoIP - and so some VoIP carriers add extra functionality with transfering lines out , etc. . One warning - the VoIP routers -LRB- so I 've been told -RRB- may not be giving enough electricity as a regular standard phone line for the multiline features to work properly . I ran into problems BUT I think now that it 's because my wires are to closely `` overlayed '' and if the wires are not `` twisted '' then this tends to cause more intereference.So aside from user setup problems - the phones are GREAT ! Recommended everytime . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Getting this phone up and running is pretty straightforward , despite the fact that the manual is short on detail . This is particularly the case where it addresses the Auto Attendant feature , so if you 're buying the phone for the Auto Attendant , you might have to fight with it a bit to get it going . Otherwise , it 's a great phone , sounds good , no problem transferring/paging/conference / etc. .
 I went looking through Amazon for a replacement chair for my computer desk . The old chair was refurbished by myself and purchased from a second-hand market . It 's beautiful , but after a couple years of wear and hours of sitting at the computer , my neck was killing me ! Keep in mind that I have a relatively physical job lifting baggage 12 hours + at the airport , so my body is aching when I get home . I needed a comfortable chair with a high-back to rest my weary neck.I read some reviews of other chairs that say they were easy to assemble and in actuality were not . -LRB- Keep with me , I 'm going to sum-up to a raving review ! -RRB- I looked at a few chairs with massage features - vibrate & knead with embedded rolling balls . Well , I tried one of those chairs . The features are great , but the chairs are ultimately uncomfortable . -LRB- Here it comes , I 'm going to tie this all together . -RRB- Not this chair ! It is THE most comfortable chair I have EVER sat in ! I was n't sure what I was getting looking at a picture , so I went to Office Max . All their chairs sucked ! I went to Office Depot and fell in love!I can sleep in this chair ! I can put my head back and play at the computer with a heating pad on my neck . It 's roomy and oh sooooo comfortable ! Words can not express how much I love this Chair!When I took it out of the box , I thought , `` this is going to be so hard to put together and the air lift wont work ; it probably wont feel the same way it did in the store . '' WRONG ! I put it together in probably 5 minutes . The clean-up was harder - picking-up the bags and throwing away the box . Why ? Because I could not get out of my new chair . Heck , I may just throw away my bed and sleep right here ... well , if I could get up.As for the massaging . I just may get a massaging seat pad so I can put it in my car too.If you want the full effect , get a cordless mouse and keyboard !! Trust me , you will not regret pampering yourself in cushy comfort ! GET THIS CHAIR !!
 whether you use this chair in the office or at home , this is a great chair . I ca n't belive how comfortable it is I am a 6 ' 2 '' big boned large framed 275 pound guy and I feel small in this chair . It is great ! I never thought I would feel this comfortable in ANY computer chair . I am not an executive but a home user who plays a lot of games and I never get tired . It is a pleasure to sit in instead of a pain or dread . Assembly is a snap . Takes about five-ten minutes . You just bolt on the base apply pressure then bolt on the back -LRB- it 's a high back -RRB- and you 're ready to go . Comes with a lock for the back when you do n't want to recline as well as pressure for hieght and back to support the heaviest people . It says 250 lbs , but it will support more -LRB- with a shorter life . -RRB-
 I love this chair . I have fibromyalgia and this chair has made sitting at the computer a lot easier .
 The only drawback is the lack of height adjustment . Otherwise it 's comfortable with a tall back and large seat .
 Nice heavy duty office chair.I 'm 260 pounds , and this chair is real solid.has height and recline adjustments and nice leather.easy to put togehter -LRB- about 15 minutes -RRB- If you are big or tall , or just normal size and want a larger comfortable office chair ... This is it .
 After several years of using , and ultimately destroying , a variety of cheap ~ $ 50 `` leather executive chairs '' , I got tired of it and decided to do some serious shopping . I went to Office Depot 's web site and staring me right in the face on their main page was a sale ad for this chair . Only $ 99 instead of the ususal $ 140 , it said . $ 100 was about what I wanted to spend , and being a large indivdual , I thought it was serendipity . So I go to my local store the next day and they also have it marked for $ 99 . I take a seat in their display model and instantly fall in love . It feels huge compared to my previous chair , a model by the same manufacturer , but cheaper and not as sturdy . I take the tag to the front to checkout , and decided to read the store 's sale ad while I wait for a stocker to get my chair down from the back with a fork lift . I look in the ad just to see if my new chair is in it , but it 's not . I was pleased to discover a note saying that I would recieve a $ 20 gift card with my $ 99 or up chair purcahse . Excellent , I though , but it got even better when the checker simply deducted the $ 20 from the purcahse price instead of giving me a gift card . So in short I was able to score this completely excellent and most comfortable chair for only $ 80 !!! It 's incredible , seriously . And the lumbar support is excellent . I can sit in this chair for hours at a time and my back does n't hurt at all . I highly recommend this chair if you are a bit on the larger side like myself and find other desk chairs inadequate for your needs .
 We 've had our Fellows Powershred SB-87Cs shredder for about a month . My mother-in-law was drowning in over 30 years of saved papers . We really put the shredder to the test by working on those papers several hours a week . We still have n't completed the shredding , but this machine works hard . I do have one small complaint , but its not enough to keep me from giving this machine top marks . When you open the waste basket door and take the basket out , shredded paper makes a little mess , but if you have a broom or vacuum cleaner handy its no big deal .
 My Amazon order was shipped the next business day and was delivered two days after that . It was a replacement for a light duty noiser machine . Other reviews question the confetti cut claim . This term could mean a wide range of cut sizes . This shredder cut is 5/32 x 11/5 as advertised or smaller . A smaller cut of 5/64 x 5/16 is available in a different model for another $ 100 or more . What are you willing to pay for?Pros
 I have used this shredder over a decade and it 's never given me an issue . I use it every couple weeks to shred the mail and yearly to shred personal documents I no longer need . I 've oiled it maybe a dozen times since purchased . The thing wo n't die . Jams are easy to resolve . Cabinet is enclosed so dust and paper does n't fly everywhere . It 's relatively quiet . Capacity is great , and touch sensor works as advertized . The thing shows no sign of dying and I 'll probably get another decade out of the thing . Highly recommended .
 I purchased this shredder just because we needed one and it has definitely been worth every dollar . We shred everything from papers to cd 's to credit cards and I 've had it for four years now and its still as powerful as when I shred the first paper .
 The Fellowes SB-87C shredder that I purchased from Amazon 1 year ago has lived up to my expectations and more . Before I decided on this model I read many online reviews . It was really confusing trying to decide on the right one with the number of manufacturers and models and types of shredders available . I 've used it to shred 4 years of bill copies -LRB- I still write checks -RRB- all at one time -LRB- about 25 minutes -RRB- and it did not overheat or stop or malfunction in anyway . It also performed perfectly when shredding 3 years of bank statements and check copies -LRB- around 20 minutes -RRB- . The separate slot for credit cards and CDs/DVDs also works as advertised with no problems . It will easily accept 15 sheets with no problems . I would highly recommend this shredder .
 I shredded two 32 gallon trashbags of paper in two days without anyproblems . The only thing I would add is crosscutting . This shredderjustifies my faith in Fellowes .
 After buying 3 inexpensive shredders and having them breakdown , I bit the bullet and spent a little more money for this fellows shredder and it was well worth it . I do n't know why I could n't find this product in the stores . Fellowes is a great brand name and it performs beautifully . I love the fact that is has a removable basket to empty inside along with a plastic bag to dump the shredding . I also empty the plastic bag and just keep reusing it , which was always a messy job . It came with oil to maintain the shredding blades after each full bag . I have put it through it 's paces and it performs , up to 15 pages , never once jamming . This definitely is a quality product . I purchased it over a year ago and it just keeps performing like new . I guess it 's true -- you get what you pay for .
 It easily shreds 8 pieces at a time . Quiet operation compared to other models I 've used . The size and the fact that this shredder easily fits under a counter or a desk is a plus . I 've found the safety sensor a little tricky , you have to hold the sides of the paper when feeding it but this has not been a big deal . I 'm really think we got a very good product for a very good price .
 We had to replace an inexpensive , slow working , always overheating shredder . After boning up on many different models , we decided on this Fellowes Shredder . It is everything it is advertised to be and we could n't be more please . Well worth the money !
 Fellowes Powershred MS-450Cs Safe Sense 7-sheet Confetti Cut ShredderIT IS THE BEST SHREDDER I HAD
 I like it very much . It is much quieter than my old shreader . It has yet to jam as my old one did frequently . I would recomment this product to any one .
 This shredder is an upgrade for me from a 6 sheet capacity shredder . It easily shreds unopenned credit card offerings and the advertised number of sheets . The safety system works well to stop the shredder when fingers are too near . It does take up significant space , so you need a dedicated location for it .
 This shredder was much more expensive than the store brand models I have had up to now - but definately worth the price . It simply does not jam , consumes large quantities of paper and signals when bin needs emptying . It 's only disadvantage is shreds of paper which sometimes excape the bin - a small price for good overall efficiency .
 I think that this is a good product . It has a fairly convenient pull out drawer which you can load a trashbag to shred the paper into . It seems to handle 8-9 pieces of paper at one time , which is better thanany previous shredder that I have owned . Somewhat bulk to move around would be my only complaint .
 I recently purchased this product after searching through numerous web sites and making several comparisons . I was looking for a shredder with a larger capacity than my former machine and one that would provide safety shut-off features . The Fellowes unit provides excellent performance at a reasonable price point . I recycle everything so the only drawback is that if you shred a lot of disks or credit cards , be sure to empty the paper bin first so that the plastic can be recycled and not get mixed in with the shredded paper . Also , it is extremely quiet . I had a Xerox machine prior to the Fellowes and although it also did an excellent job of shredding the paper , it was very loud compared to the Fellowes . I recommend this shredder .
 This shredder appears to operate very well . It is used in a home office and the large capacity basket accomodates a lot of shredded paper.Shredding documents as well as cd/dvd 's is no problem.We noticed that when you open the door to the basket some shredded paper falls on the floor but overall would highly recommend this product . Well worth the money ! Amazon had the lowest price on this product .
 Before this product I had a smaller shredder that would choke on two pieces of paper at the same time ... even though it said it could handle up to 5 . No worry with this shredder ! It is much bigger and is very powerful . I do n't have to think about how many sheets of paper I have or even worry about opening my junk mail . Just drop it in and watch it shred with ease . It is relatively quiet ... it has a nice powerful low hum as the paper shreds . The child safety feature is very nice and works wonderfully when you get your fingers too close . I definitely recommend this product ! Before I bought it I read reviews for every product on here and was wondering if I needed something even bigger than this one . But there is no need to spend anymore . This shredder will handle most anything you throw at it .
 Shreds the hell out of everything , as advertised , and does n't overheat in 3 minutes like my last smaller shredder . Very happy with this . No complaints . Would buy it again .
 The shredder works very well . The basket is actually too little for me -LRB- a small office -RRB- , but perfect for home use . The size was stated in the specs - I just did not realize how small that was .
 Needed to replace my worn out Royal 1000 & after scanning a few choices , settled on Fellowes SB-87Cs . Moderately priced for a heavy duty home/office shredder but the perfomance is top shelf . Strong motor to power thru 10/12 sheets at a time & make short order of a stack of waste . Generous basket w / storage area for manual , bags & oil . The first day out the box my wife put it to the test & her smile let me know I made the right choice . A bit messy when emptying but I can live w / that ! Tony S. Harlem , NY
 Plenty of power , takes quite a few sheets at once . Way better than my previous -LRB- smaller -RRB- shredder .
 I had to replace an Aurora paper shredder due to a lack of support and parts availability.So far the thing works like a charm
 I just go this shredder and it works like a champ . Shredding many more than 15 sheets with ease .
 This is an excellent shredder - we are very pleased with the results and performance of machine .
 I have not had the shredder for very long -LRB- less than a month -RRB- nor have I have had much occasion to use it . I bought this shredder for home use , though it is rated for small office . I have one complaint . The waste receptacle is small and fills quickly . I will have to say that it performs the job of shredding rather nicely !!! : o -RRB-
 I like the fellowes shredder the people at the company it came from were very nice to me when i called them -LRB- iwas not happy with UPS -RRB-
 This shredder does an excellent job of making confetti out of documents , as well as credit cards and CD/DVDs . The only issue is the spred of the confetti within the cabinet . The shredding heads are not on the middle of the basket , but rather toward the front . Some -LRB- small portion -RRB- of the confetti spreads over the basket edge , and into the interior compartment . It 's a small aggravation on an otherwise excellent unit . keep a small hand-vac handy . It has run hard , and has never tripped the thermal breaker -- definitely NOT light duty.Knowing what I know , I 'd buy it again .5 years later
 Seems to me that all shredders below $ 1k -LRB- that is , shredders marketed for home use -RRB- are noisy and messy and tend to overheat if used for long periods . This one is better than the two others I have owned . Still , running it near its maximum shredding capacity for more than a few minutes will cause it to overheat whereupon it takes a seat on the bench for 20 or so minutes , then comes back to the fray ready to do battle again . And it 's still impossible to empty the bin without making a mess on the floor , so it lives in the garage where it 's easy to sweep up . This particular model does a much better job shredding CD 's than any other shredder I 've owned and the safety shut off if little -LRB- or big -RRB- fingers get too close is important to me . Amazon is certainly the place to buy one of these ... . very good price and prompt delivery .
 Previous reviewers have questioned how many sheets the product handles . My unit consistly handles 12 - 15 sheets , as advertised . I have gone beyond that limit and clogged the feeder . The reverse direction feed works well and has always corrected the problem.The cutters do not clog with paper.All safety switches on my unit work as intended.All considered , this is a very good home office , moderate-to-heavy use machine . My one complaint is that , as other reviewers have observed , some shreddings spill over the collection basket . On emptying , they get on the floor and need to be vacuumed up .
 Handled a large stack of papers -LRB- about 500 sheets -RRB- without overheating . I was impressed at how easily it handled things and put my prior inferior model to shame !
 I purchased this machine to use in my small home office , and I am VERY pleased.PROS : Works hard ! Chews up tons of paper , discs and junk mail quickly and completely.Hasn ' t jammed at all for me , not even once ! -LRB- It sometimes stops and reverses itself automatically when it senses trouble , then immediately resumes shredding ... but this is a great feature if you ask me because it keeps it from jamming , and it 's better than having it just stop like some other shredders , which would force you to then manually run it in reverse to try to get it going again . -RRB- It 's surprisingly not loud ... do n't get me wrong , it 's not exactly quiet , you definitely hear it grinding while it 's shredding , but for something so powerful I would have expected it to be louder.Looks nice , rolls easily on the casters , and is easy to empty.Safety features are EXCELLENT.CONS : It smells strongly like plastic or rubber right out of the box , but this odor dissipates after a few days or so.I wish the slot at the top was a wee bit wider ... junk mail just seems to be getting wider and wider these days , and most mail is just a tad too wide to go in lengthwise.All in all , a great machine , and at a great price from Amazon.com !
 We got this as replacement for a K-Mart special that broke down from overuse . Great deal from Amazon compared to the local stores , and there is NOTHING this wo n't shred . We use it on paper , credit cards , cds , etc. , and the auto-shutoff when your fingers get near the slot means even the kids can use it safely . I also like the storage bins in the door for bags , supplies and manual . Very nice product .
 I 've been through two paper shredders -LRB- Black & Decker -RRB- in three months . They always jam or break . So I figured I 'd spend more than $ 75 and I love this shredder . The crosscutting method makes for compacted and unreadable pieces of paper at a whopping 15 sheets at once . Most max out at 10 sheets . Plus this ` shredder '' is so powerful , it easily cuts up compact discs , credit card , staples -LRB- thick staples -RRB- and paper clips . I have never had it jam , stop or overheat . Its great to be able to simply put an unopened envelope in it and have it just shredded . It 's also extremely safe , but when you flip it over and look at the sharp grinders , you 'll understand why this shredder does such an amazing job . There are some nice little extras that most shredders do n't think about , like the rolling casters to push it under a desk or table . There is also a nifty little holder for the manual and the oil -LRB- you do need to slightly oil it occasionally -RRB- . It 's also fairly quiet , considering that it cuts up anything from 15 sheets to compact discs . It 's well worth the price -LRB- check out the specially priced shredders offered here -RRB- .
 I have this mousepad , and it 's great . Perfect size , espicially for gaming . It 's a nice teflon-material with nice graphics on it too . Plus it stays down and does n't slide around on your deskyop .
 I have one of these phones in my -LRB- similar -RRB- and they tend to have a clear line of speaking and for any reason it does n't you can switch on the voice enhancer . It has only a couple simple features but its fine though . You have the ability to download ringtones from a third party with the fee of about 1.99 a ringtone or so . But overall it works great in range and clearness , What else do you want of a phone , make waffels '' . The Finger
 i use these for stocking stuffers and everyone loves them . i also keep one for myself ! great for short list makers ... whats not to like they are post-its !
 Its just right for my desktop tray . Sure is nice to have Amazon deliver to my front door with free shipping . Its very practical and useful and it really has its place .
 This product makes my life much easier , to have post-it notes with lines is great ! I can write tons of notes on one page and have everything organized .
 Pen works very well , attractive , good value for the money , one of the best writing ballpoints I have found .
 The armrest arrived shortly after I placed my order . It meets my expectations , very simple to install and compliments my interior .
 My husband had made an armrest from padding and duct tape for himself . Needless to say it was an eye sore . I was thrilled when I came across this . It is comfortable to rest your arm while driving and it looks good . It came in good time and made a perfect gift .
 I never thought I 'd use something like this arm-rest , but once I put it on the door and began to use it I wondered how I drove without it.Well made and easy to install . Remains in place .
 The at-a-glance appointment book is the best appointment book that I have found . It is clear and has everything I need in that type of book . I will purchase another one for 2009 . dentist from queens , ny .
 The product was exactly what I wanted and the shipping was extremely fast . This was a great transaction .
 Bought this product to join 2 pieces of 6 '' thick foam end to end . . Works great and is strong . . You ca n't pull it apart , you would tear the foam first . .5 stars Don Strickland , N.C.
 The suggested retail of this product is NOT $ 20.26 . The average retail price for Foamfast is $ 14.00 US . Be weary of any retailer selling Foamfast 74 for more than $ 17.00 . This is an exceptional foam and multimedia adhesive with a bond strength stronger than the tensile strength of most industrial foams . It is not repositionable and once secured can not be torn . The life of the bond is well in excess of three years . I have found no product with superior strength , speed and versatility .
 The fast foam by 3M was exactly what we needed for our headboard project . We tried another product whose label recommended it for foam and wood projects but the adhesive properties were insufficient . Most DIY sites do not specify a particular adhesive to use so we went to a local store for help . When the product did not work properly I searched the internet for another alternative . I found 3M Foam Fast Foam Fast worked immediately and as promised . Our headboards are sturdy , comfortable , and beautiful . Thanks 3M for a great adhesive .
 I used this to glue some 3 &#34; foam padding together for some camper beds . It seemed to work fine , but I have n't put it through the test yet . Just make sure you 're wearing rubber gloves when spraying , this stuff it &#34; s nasty sticky on your hands .
 Had used before -- searched it out . Be sure to clean nozzle after using some -- or will not work next time
 I had two of these prior to ordering this third stool . The look and the feel of these stools is phenomenal . I get endless compliments on them when I have visitors.AWESOME BAR STOOLS !
 When I dropped my old one and the liquid cristals broke and blead the screen over , I looked in and called the local stores , without any hope of finding one . Our your minister suggested I check on Amazon.com , and doing so , found them . The first `` refurb ' you sent me went dumb as I was trying to load the old info into it , so I sent it back . I assumed you ` refurbed ' it again , since the batteries were still in it . It came -LRB- back -RRB- working great , but a ` blurry ' seam down the second row of letters disappoints me some . I 'm certainly glad to have it , and it works great , otherwise .
 Impressive little device that can have as much if not more features than your average cell phone . Since my friend needed an organizer and since he will never get a cell in his life , this was the perfect answer for all of his schedules and appointments that he has trouble remembering and it fits perfectly in any pocket . Could n't ask for a more perfect gift for him .
 Easy to use , covers all the bases . A useful product at a reasonable price ! Could n't live without it now .
 I wanted -LRB- and got -RRB- an inexpensive electronic organizer , which would give me the functions of a calendar/schedule and an address book . This unit has both as well as a calculator , English/Spanish translation dictionary , several different type alarms , a memo function , a backlight feature , a couple of basic games , a conversion mode for metric measurements and currency -LRB- when you know the exchange rate -RRB- , and the ability to sync with my Windows computer using Outlook . The unit has 1MB of memory , which is plenty for storing tons of addresses and memos for 150 years into the future . -LRB- The calendar goes from 1950-2150 . It goes backward for what reason ?? -RRB- Pros :1 . It has a backlight .2 . The stylus tucks away in the unit and it works precisely . -LRB- So does the end of an unclicked pen , in case you lose the stylus . -RRB- 3 . Batteries * are * included ! -LRB- 2 Lithium batteries , model CR2032 . One for unit operation and one for backlighting . -RRB- 4 . It has an auto power off after 7 minutes to save battery life .5 . Data is n't lost while replacing batteries as long as you do it quickly and do n't pull out both at the same time .6 . The @ and dot -LRB- . -RRB- symbols are conveniently available so you do n't have to search for them when you enter an e-mail address . You can enter other symbols by toggling through a list of 32 different ones .7 . There is a 5-line display and the letters are a good size for reading .8 . It has a protective cover that flips neatly to the back while you 're using the unit .9 . The search feature for names & addresses is nice -- it searches by last name .10 . Address fields you can enter are
 I bought this organizer on my first day of work , I was thinking of investing in a rather expensive PDA and then I saw this.Pros : - Looks cool -- like other PDA 's - Has all the functions that I need , calenders , memos , to do lists and reminders to meetings etc.-And yes if you learn to use the organizer properly , you can indeed enter MORE than 1 entry to your lists per day -LRB- this is to refute some one 's comments on this organizer before me . -RRB- - I like the calculator feature.-The stylus works really well . - The 3 alarms are really cool , way better than my cell phone . One rings everyday at the same time , another rings when you want it to , and the third rings as a reminder for appointments.-It is so much cheaper -LRB- and has all the features I wanted -RRB- than what I thought I wud end up spending on expensive PDA 's esp since I was n't looking for Wi-Fi or MP3s in them ! - You have the option of turning off the display of the synchronization program when you boot the PC . -LRB- someone else mentioned that this troubled him/her . -RRB- Cons - The 9 pin serial port sucks in this world of USBs and I am thinking of getting a Serial port to USB converter to make things work.Overall , I definitely recommend this product to all those who could do with an organizer -LRB- without the Wi-Fis and all -RRB- but are not really happy with the price of PDAs in the market .
 For -LSB- this price -RSB- , this is well worth it . More features than expected , even comparable to Palm Pilots , minus handwriting recognition . The features are good and the touch screen/stylus works very well . Not too difficult to use , even w/o manual . The protective lid seems solid enough and protects well . The stylus fits in the side like Palm Pilots and is useful . There is n't to many cons for the money . Little improvements could be a second caps key that does n't act like caps lock , changing `` mobile '' to `` cell '' so the intial is not confused to `` home '' -LRB- M vs C , to not confuse with H -RRB- , a cancel/esc key , ability to repeat schedules + repeat alarms , and have the next/previous key as on screen as well , like the enter button.This are all pretty minor , compared to the benefits of the pda , so I highly recommend this for someone who does n't need a Palm Pilot and definitely does n't need a Pocket PC . Good price , good features !
 Good grief , guys ! This thing is just an organizer , not a PDA . It costs 1/10th as much , and what it is supposed to do , it does great ! The words wrap - big deal . Ca n't read address all on one screen - c'mon . For $ 30 you can dump all the data in your Outlook database into this light slim organizer , and have it all in your pocket wherever you go . I 've been using one of these for a couple of years to carry my Outlook info with me , and it is totally easy to use . And of course if you need to enter any changes , or pop a note to yourself , it syncs back to your PC with a click . And if you drop it and break it , so what ! $ 30 for a new one , instead of $ 300 !! These things are great for what they are intended , which is to enable you keep your organized info with you wherever you go . If you need a PDA , get a PDA . If you just need an organizer , this is a good one !
 Bought this for my wife to replace her ailing OZ-290 that had finally started to fail after 4 years . She loved the OZ-290 and just wanted a duplicate , but the OZ-290HII was the closest I could find -- appears to be an upgraded version of the basic OZ-290 . The new unit works great -- I was able to use the included software and cable to easily transfer the data -LRB- from the OZ-290 -RRB- that was synched into Outlook into the new OZ-290HII in a matter of a few minutes . I think the problem of people complaining about the syching not working is because they do n't take the time to read and follow the directions exactly -LRB- both for installing the software and transferring the data -RRB- . If you follow the directions it works flawlessly .
 I can not comment on the Outlook Sync , since I have not and probably will never use it . This organizer does what it 's supposed to do ... it stores names , memos , and has an alarm . There is also a password protection feature , which is nice , and a backlight as well as a few other basic useful features -LRB- spell check , Eng/Span dictionary -RRB- . It 's not a PDA , does n't go online , no color ... etc. . That 's why it 's cheap . It 's a great , basic , organizer that looks more professional than it costs.My only issue was that the functions were not very intuitive . I had to look up a lot of things and go online to get the full functionality going .
 My 90 year old father-in-law wanted a small organizer that &#34; had nothing to do with computers . &#34; This device is very intuitive and he loves it .
 This is a great not expensive little handheld organizer . It is perfect for taking it places . It has a english/spanish translator , two basic games , an address book , notes , place to store memos , a to-do list , a expense mode -LRB- you can enter how much money you spend -RRB- , clock , and a calculator . This is a very nice little gadget to organize every day .
 I used the OZ-290H , the precursor to 290HII . Used it for four years and now the screen has gone all flaky on me -- many of the numbers and digits wont appear at all on the entry pad . So I am now going for HII . Four years of regular usage is good enough for me . So my feedback is on the earlier 290H model which I think is mostly valid for this model too . Plan to modify this feedback once I get my 290HII . PS
 Folks ... this is an inexpensive organizer that gets the job done ! It is NOT a : Palm PilotTreoJornadaPocket PCThat being said , it is excellent for what it does and what it costs . I used to carry little pocket notebooks until they wore out and had to transfer all of the data by hand to another one . Ugh!Graduated to a Sharp YO-600 that I dearly loved . It died . I went to another Sharp OZ-650 which to me was awesome back in the day . The benefit of a full QWERTY keyboard can not be overstated . The Intelli-synch sw was a wonder and really enjoyable . It translated ALL of the data from the OZ to a laptop program and back . It died and is out of stock.Enter the OZ-290HII . It has most of the functionality of the older organizers and is a different interface . I have started to like the stylus method of data entry . Yes the navigation is not intuitive and No it does not have all of the functions of the big boys but it Works!Now ... the Outlook Synch ... Great when it works . The caveat is that the defect is on the Outlook side . It will not transfer Expenses nor the Dietary data . And ... it is devilishly simple to set up . Really ! Frustrating at first until you know the Secret : Here it is : When installing the software and connecting to the unit , follow the instructions Exactly . Now the simplest dumbest thing will still prevent proper synching if you are not careful.The Cable tip going to the Organizer must go ALL THE WAY in the unit . Push till it just clicks and is flush with the unit . After that ... piece o cake.I installed this thing 6 times till I broke down and called Sharp . They know about the Holy Grail and once I push it all the way in ... Bingo!I think it is a good value for the money for a bare bones organizer that sits unobtrusively on your belt.No I do n't work for Sharp . For the money ... buy it ... do n't like it ... reset it and give to the wife or your student child .
 I checked every PDA in this price range . That was my only waste of time . I asked for this as a gift , and I 'm glad I did . Hey , if you have to compare every feature on all of these items , then you probably need something better . Get an m130 . If you 're buying this for a young student -LRB- 9-13 yrs . old -RRB- get a Phusion . As long as you need a good organizer for it 's reference , get an OZ-290 . It wo n't sing , it wo n't dance nor will it take a lot of info on the fly . That 's what paper is for . Beyond that the OZ-290 works very well , and it 's easy to use . Believe me , I 'm no rocket scientist . Hooking it up to my PC was so easy I thought it might set itself up . Whoever wrote the instructions deserves a medal for it 's simplicity . The only major drawback that I see is that it only works with Outlook . NOT Outlook Express . -LRB- Note to Sharp
 I bought this OZ as a temporary solution till I switched to something bigger . I opted for the PalmOne Zire 72 . It worked for about 27 days . Now , I 'm back to the OZ.Good , reliable , trusty OZ.Bad , evil , unworth Zire 72 . From reading everybody 's repair problems with the Zire , I will probably be using my OZ for quite some time while I wait for Palm to fix the Zire.Good , reliable , trusty OZ .
 This item was packaged well with fast shipping , gave it as a gift ... besides the batteries includedand dying a few minutes into setting it up , everythin else worked out fine .
 My product came in a timely fashion and was well packed . It was exactly what I ordered . The price was competitive . Thank you .
 Although I heard Sharp is n't a very good brand , I got this as a Christmas gift . I 've barely even had this for a long time , but it works beautiful . I might have to look at the instructions a bit more to know how to sep up the USB.Pros : - Nice Backlight-Many features-Great case-Awesome design-Easy Use-Nice flip over the screen.Cons : - The password is case sensitive -LRB- it does n't really matter , though -RRB- ! Overall , I would give this 96 of 100 stars !!!! I 'd also reccomend a great $ 30 Christmas gift to any electronics fan !!!!!!!!!!!!
 When I received this item , it was in the kind of packaging thatstores use to display items -LRB- like batteries for instance -RRB- . I was POSITIVE that this COULD N'T be what I ordered . But , since I had it in hand , and my AMEX card was billed , I decided to open it . I was amazed at the quality and features it has!PROS
 My new Organizer is very useful in my everyday life . It is compact enough to carry in my purse , however in making my decision to purchase I should selected one with a larger screen.Thank you
 I love the product . It is nice to have to store your data . I put my friends phone numbers in it and have it with me all the time . It tracks my steps and I enter the food I eat . I also can track my expenses and put memos and anniversaries . There is also blackjack on the games . There is a nice flip cover and it comes with a holder and p.c. link . My friends all thought is was alot of money . That is a good thing , too , it 's cheap . The instuctions are very in-depth , too . It is very easy to figure out . That 's why I love the Organizer .
 This is a good alternative to an expensive PDA . It holds a lot of information . The only thing I would like to change about it is to be able to look someone up by Company and not last name . I also have not got the download function with outlook express to work yet , but it serves the main purpose of keeping all your numbers and addresses in one place .
 Sharp OZ-290HII Pen Touch Wizard Organizer with Outlook SyncThis purchase was so quick , easy , and inexpensive , that I EXPECTED whole-heartedly that something WOULD just have to go wrong , be wrong , or just flat out be disasterous about it . Ever heard of the saying that starts out , `` If it 's too good to be true ... '' ? This order gave me that feeling so strongly that when the package was delivered -LRB- ahead of schedule , mind you -RRB- I expected that I would immediately be on the phone to `` bless '' a customer service representative with my very pointed opinion of the product . After toying around with my electronic gizmo -LRB- I just LOVE IT !!! -RRB- , I was so impressed with the organizer while at the same time feeling rather ashamed of my cynical attitude that I had nursed along while anticipating the worst , that I was overwhelmed with joy , elation , and a prevading sense that I should have been , at the least , expecting the cup to be `` half full '' . Tears of joy ran down my face as I realized that not everything in the world that appears to good to be true actually winds up being truly just too good to be true . Oh yeah , if you fell for the part of my review that told of tears of joy running dowm my face , I would like to also inform you that I am taking major investment capital offers for a beachfront property project I am developing on a tract of land near a corn farm in Nebraska -LRB- smile -RRB- . Honestly though , the whole experience was a very good one . I highly recommend the product , the vender , and the always awesome people of Amazon.com . Be warned , all shop-aholics ... you may need to attend a meeting or two before accessing the product link above . It would be wise to have the strength to not take out a large portion of your family nest-egg to satisfy your cravings while navigating through the sites of the vender and Amazon.FOR THOSE WHO WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THE PRODUCT ITSELF
 I have used this organizer for 2-3 years to store and back up my contacts and it worked great . The other day it stopped working after I changed the batteries . I had ignored the low battery messsage for a while - maybe that was my mistake . But I had backed up the data to MS Outlook before I changed the batteries - phewwww!Synchronizing with Outlook is not the easiest but it works . Since I did not want to mix the Sharp data with my Outlook address book -LRB- which is mostly for email addresses -RRB- , I created another address book in Outlook . The software will synch only with the main address book , so I had to copy the main AB to another folder before I synched the data to Outlook and then copy out the Sharp data to another folder and return the main address book to the `` Contacts '' folder . Because I want to look up names by the first name , I store the first and last name in the last name field.Now I need to buy something else and want to find a cell phone that allows me to synch the data to my PC . The problem with that is the cell phone would have to have a reasonable keyboard . I refuse to enter names on a number pad . With the Sharp 290 - I used the touch screen keyboard without any trouble . Can anyone recommend a cheap cell phone that has a keyboard that is not much money ? I am also considering the Sharp 590 organizer for $ 38 .
 I purchased this unit as Xmas gift for my baby sister . She wasreally impressed about the features this unit has and she thoughtthat I spent a ton ; -RRB-
 Its a nice organisor . You have all the basic functions required .
 So it is n't marvelous , glamorous , or the easiest thing ever to use or figure out . But heck , it costs $ 30 , and it keeps track of everything you REALLY need ... . I would recommend it to all .
 Although I am a die hard -LSB- ... -RSB- fan I found this at a local Target for about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and decided to get this to replace my 1-handset , non-expandable older model Panasonic cordless phone . I really wanted the extra handset because I was tired of running out to the kitchen every time I was in bed and the phone rang . -LRB- The phone jack in my room was in an awkward part of the room -RRB- . This way , all I do is reach over to my nightstand.The features are pretty handy : - If you save a phone number on one handset , you can transfer it to the other . You can also assign different ring tones to different phone numbers . This is a good way to weed out phone calls you do no want such as from telemarketers and people you 'd rather not speak to.-The tip of the antennaes light up and you can also assign different colors to different people in your phone book.-There is also a `` VE '' button , which stands for Voice Enhancer and I keep this on all the time on both handsets.-The answering machine works well and you can check messages from the base or either of the handsets .
 The phone I bought was refurbished , so the package was n't fancy . But it was complete , easy to set up , and provides clear reception . And the price was right -LRB- more than 50 % below MSRP of a `` new '' retail unit -RRB- . I 'd definitely buy it again , and am considering expanding the unit I bought with an extra handset .
 It was a gift for my parents , so i do n't have a direct experience with it . At this time , there is no complain about it , they have been happy using it.The only thing bad is that , it has no Caller-ID , but i bought it for the wider wireless coverage and answering features .
 The two handsets are handy and the keypad for the phones is good . the voice clarity needs some improvement . Good battery life & the speakerphone is handy.Would recommend it to anyone .
 Priced great , ships fast , works as advertised . This made a great present for my mother who was having trouble reaching the old corded phone to answer it in time . She just loves it . Set up is easy . Most controlls are simultaneously effected between both hand sets when either is adjusted or set . The phone book features work great . The indicator light feature located on the antennia helps to show which phone is in hand when different colors are used . I have not had any bad inteference problems like my old phone and I talk on this phone in front of my computer and near a busy street .
 I 've used many cordless phones and this one has the best sound quality and features of any I 've owned . It 's very intuitive and easy to flow through the features . The additional handsets are great . I 've used two different cordless sets in different parts of the house but it did n't work well . Great set for the price .
 They came just as described , quickly and sharp , ready to start on my next project . Look out fabric , here I come .
 very good price for this package ... much more expensive locally . . recommend it to all Olfa rotary cutter users . will probably purchase again in the future
 I quilt and use these and the 45mm and the 60mm all the time . When I need to replace a used one , I just put it on the bottom of the 5 . Love this little yellow case . It is worth buying them 5 at a time just to receive it . They are just too sharp not to have anything to keep them in .
 Olfa makes a good product , including these small blades for my favorite rotary cutter . The bonus was the cost -- much less than sewing and quilting outlets . Amazon will be my one stop shop store more often .
 Perfect . Love to use the rotary cutter . Saves lots of time and saves my back from difficult bending and stretching
 Good product and price , but I did n't realize they are not for the full size rotary ! They are for a really small rotary cutter
 I love my rotary cutter but when the blade gets dull it is not fun so I always keep plenty of blades on hand . Also , I like to have a rotary cutter in different sizes for different cutting , even one for paper , and an extra one for pinking or scallops . What a great tool !
 I had my Olfa rotary blade for over 10 years . I use it practically every week , so it gets a lot of work.I use my rotary cutter for quilting fabric , cutting photographic paper , cutting regular paper , so I use a lot of blades!A dull blade requires to do more than one cut to go through fabric or paper , and that not only takes extra time , but can result in a bad uneven cut . So having a refill pack on hand is very important.These blades are very high quality , they take many re-sharpening and continue to work as new!For most part of the 10 years I have re-sharpened my Olfe rotary blade , I used a rotary blade sharpernerRotary Blade Sharp-ener - For 45mm BladesTo sharpen the blade , you to disassemble the rotary cutter , which has a number of pieces including the blade . Then you place the the blade between two round circles the sharpener . Each side facing the blade has sand paper , that polishes out the nicks in the blade . You sharpen the blade by rotating the two pieces of the sharper against each other . After the sharpening you have to move the blade back to the rotary cutter , and then reassemble the rotary cutter correctly -LRB- one has to remember how pieces fit together exactly -RRB- . Recently I discovered a sharpener that works without having to remove the blade from the cutter . It works by using the same motion as you cut , by moving the cutter in the sharpener itself . Not having to remove the blade from the sharpener is a * huge * advantage . It is faster , less chance of cutting yourself , and no chance of assembling the rotary cutter the wrong way -LRB- been there , done that -RRB- . It is called `` TrueCut `` TrueCut Rotary Blade SharpenerBoth rotary cutters work well and prolong the life your blades , and thus save you money.So I highly recommend this blade refill and its usage with the blade sharpener.Ali Julia review
 As advertised and shipped quickly . Priced very good also . An excellent source for needed equipment for quilting . I will purchase again .
 The phone works great I just wished it had `` talking '' caller ID like the other Panasonic I had . The other was a three year old model with less features , but it at least announced the names of the callers , a nice feature . Oh well maybe next time . I have always had good luck with these phones and will buy again .
 I bought this to hold my 215 doctors -LRB- marijuana -RRB- recommendation , and I 'm glad I did . Now I can carry it in the car in a nice holder instead of a cheap white paper envelope . If a police officer or dispensary needs to see my doctor 's recommendation , I have a nice holder that keeps my paper protected . I plan on using this every year , after every renewal.PS
 I purchased this to cut the felt for a bobcat rug . It turned out exactly as I had hoped .
 The size of this ruler is easier to handle when cutting many pieces . The frosted feature makes it a breeze to find the correct measurement on dark and light fabrics , and the non-slip undersurface ensures an accurate cut . I recommend this ruler to both beginner and experienced qulters . The product arrived well packaged and in a very quick time frame .
 Finding a stand for a 50 '' big screen tv is really hard . This one is exactly what I need and I am completely happy with it . It supports the tv very well and the ability to swivel can come in handy .
 This mount suits my purposes perfectly . It 's very sturdy and holds my 31 Lb , 46 inch Vizio M3D460SR very easily . I 'd buy another one if I could afford to buy another TV to put on it !
 Ok , so I never write reviews ... But this is one fantastic product ! I am using it for a 50 '' Fitjitsu Plasma and it works great . You will not be disappointed . Promise .
 Along with the separately purchased mounting bracket this worked great with my Fujitsu Plasmavision 50 '' . This is a difficult TV to get a stand for because of the contours on the back and this stand is very versatile to accommodate that . The downside is moving the TV once the stand is attached . You almost need three people . Two to hold the Tv and one to keep upward pressure on the stand so it does not fall off or come unseated . I say this instead of just removing the TV from the stand and then moving the TV and stand separately because it is a little challenging to get the TV on and off the stand There is not clear visibility to see when the TV is cleanly on or off the stand at the connection point where it hangs on the stand.Once it is in place though and hanging on the stand it is very stable and functional .
 Well designed stand with sturdy construction . I already had the back plate on my plasma so installation was easy . Make sure you understand that an adapter plate is needed and is an extra expense before making this purchase . I would buy it again .
 The item is exactly what I desired . It works as promised and was new as advertised . The pen is continuing to work without defect .
 I believe we all should own at least one thing that 's considered `` the best in the world . '' If your tastes run to cars , houses , even wrist watches , you may have to wait forever to own the best in one of those categories . But we all use pens . Everyone writes checks , signs credit card slips , jots notes , keeps a diary or a daily planner . Sure , you can do those mundane tasks with a mundane pen -LRB- my wife loves Bic pens -RRB- or you can elevate simple writing above the mundane with a fine writing instrument . Me , I prefer using a fine writing instrument and there are none finer than the StarWalker . Of course , the Meisterstuck -LRB- AKA - Masterpiece -RRB- is more popular and a heck of a pen but the StarWalker is just a little better -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . It fits nicely in your hand - it 's sexy shape is comfortable as well as attractive . The mechanical purity of the twist-to-open , mechanism works smoothly every time - click , click , click , click . I love the snow flake embedded in the crystal-like bullet atop the pen too.Besides the elegant design , I love the quality of the MB refills . I prefer their broad point refills in blue ink . It 's as smooth as a gel refill but lasts much longer.While the true pen collector lusts after fountain pens , in the real world of credit card slips and cheap paper -LRB- fountain pen ink bleeds on cheap paper -RRB- , ball point pens make the most sense . And , for me , Montblanc pens add just enough style to make it worth the expense .
 What can I say about this ballpen ? If you are a fan of writing you must have a Montblanc pen .
 I recently purchased this pen via Jomashop/Amazon , experience has been great . The pen itself is of superior quality and the writting is superb!I definetely would reccommend this pen to anyone interested in great quality and looks from Montblanc .
 This is the best pen I have ever bought . Smooth flow writing is the best !
 I found these Columbian # 10 Laser/Inkjet envelopes after having all sorts of problems feeding and printing other brands through my laser printer . The normal office-supply house brand security envelopes seemed flimsy , and would misfeed or jam in my printer , the ink would smear , etc. . Not so with these envelopes . They are of a heavier stock -LRB- 24lb -RRB- and feed consistently well with both H-P laser printers and my Canon MP730 Multifunction inkjet printer . They might be on the pricey side of the scale if you are a higher volume mailer , but for small office/home office and personal use , they 're great .
 These are good heavy weight envelopes 24 # and they take laser print very well , for the price they are a good buy . I just wish they had been security tinted , but with their thickness it appears this may not be a problem .
 These are the best all purpose envelopes ever . Feed without fail through HP Photo Printer , HP Laser -LRB- ancient -RRB- , and Lexmark AIO.These are beautiful , bright white , well constructed envelopes with security feature that does not show through . Low tack seal acts to prevent high heat of printer from activating glue , sealing envelope , or jamming from printing process . I keep a glue stick on hand for the occasional corner or edge that may need a little extra seal . The freedom from printing labels and hand feeding envelopes is well worth it .
 This is a great way to have a few specimens around to show children and teach them about insects , letting them see it up close . It was very durable and easy to see the details of the insects . I was a satisfied customer !
 These were smaller than I had expected but the children are still enjoying them . One has a chip in the side which is a bit sad .
 The product is very good quality.I use it in my hp photosmart D7360 and my Canon Pixma PRO9500Mk11 printer.They both print great pictures .
 I 've been using the Mont Blanc fountain pen and mechanical pencil for over 20 + years , initially with the Classic and later Meisterstuck Chopin . I liked both the fountain pen and pencil.While the first reviewer complained about breakage , I 've had none except losing two . The only complaint , albeit minor is having to push the lead back inside the opening . Otherwise a very good pen .
 Lets say this is the very best pen I have ever used !
 To the child who left a review about this lovely , classy product . Keep your stupid opinions to yourself , you have no idea what you are talking about . Please wait until you have grown up and actually KNOW what you are talking about . This product is not for children . Okay , having gotten that out of the way , this is the best pen I have used . It is very comfortable to hold and write with . Just marvelous .
 If you want to know how it feels to write with a pen that is the epitome of `` class '' -- then this pen is for you ! Its weight is perfect ; the line is smooth and even ; and every word feels exquisite.I 've never been so happy with a pen -- and I 'd wanted this very pen for the longest time . Best buy I 've ever made !
 I am not a pen collector , but am enthusiastic about quality pens . I decided to write this review because many of the other reviews did not explain their rating other than referring to prestige or price , and I actually spent couple of months last year going to stores trying out pens just to see which pen I rated to be the best . This is a review of the Mont Blanc Meisterstuck Platinum Classique Ballpoint Pen.I define quality in a pen in a number of ways . 1st is the performance in how the ink glides from the pen to paper , with no skips , and even lines . 2nd is that the ink comes out dark , but not to the point that it runs . I prefer ballpoint pens as rollerball -LRB- gel -RRB- and fountain pens are scratchy , are more at risk running , and do not dry as quickly in comparison . 3rd is the overall comfort in terms of weight , balance , and feel . 4th is build of the pen . 5th is the design . This is just a review according to my experience and I hope it helps those who are in the market for a quality pen.Performance
 I 've owned this pen for two years now , and has never failed on me . Writing is a pleasure and it 's also a very beautiful pen . Featherlike , sober , resistant -LRB- I 've dropped it several times and shines like new -RRB- , and great service.Te best pen I 've owned .
 This pen is really a MUST for anyone that want to have the best and most prestigious writing instrument . The brand never fails , the pen works as no other and it 's a real beauty.ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICEAbsolutely impeccable , professional and accurate . It was a pleasure dealing with such caring customer service.A GREAT ONLINE SHOPPING EXPERIENCE TO REPEAT
 i have had many problems with different kinds of pens.of course as a student , i was never willing to spend this much money on a pen.however , when i graduated from high school a year ago , a good friend of mine gave me this and said thatshe has bought it a year before my graduation , saying that it was her graduation gift from the past . -LRB- she 's a mom with two kids now -RRB- . now i know why she bought it for me.it has NEVER failed on me . i have used this pen for pretty much all my writing.after you own one , you never want to use other pens.this pen will stay with me until i die , and i 'll treat it like my life-long friend that presented it to me.if you 're looking for a gift for your special someone , you can never go wrong with choosing this pen .
 Having owned several Montblancs over the years -LRB- and still do have 3 of them , 2 BP 's and a FP -RRB- , I 'd have to take the middle ground here . Yes , the Montblanc BP is a classy , quality pen for everyday carry . However , I 'd also have to agree with at least one reviewer here that it certainly is overpriced these days . A fine writing pen , but no more so than many others priced much lower.I also have to say that the prestige of carrying a Montblanc has been somewhat diminished by all the fakes , knock-offs and copies out there . It 's sort of like wearing a Rolex . You know it 's genuine , but when people are so used to seeing fakes that they have to ask if it 's the real thing , it takes some of the fun out . So , I 'd rather be wearing an Omega and carrying a Parker or Waterman most of the time .
 If you are looking for a precision writing instrument , look no further . Montblanc is the master pen maker ; their pens are the preferred instruments of professionals . Consider your purchase as an investment . Their pens handle beautifully . And , their service is exceptional . Once you own a Montblanc , you wo n't be happy with anything else .
 I purchased this pen as a gift for someone who admires my pens from a distance . This is a very sophisticated writing instrument , and this particular pen is very masculine , definitely a man 's pen . Great value for the money , and this Amazon seller was very attentive and excellent to work with . If you have the opportunity or desire to acquire a pen of this magnitude , you wo n't regret it . It 's very light weight , sleek and handsome . That person in your life who would love to own this pen but would n't spend that much money on themselves will greatly appreciate that you did . Would also make a very nice Father 's Day gift for someone special .
 This is one of the most valuable things I ever bougth through Amazon . Service was excellent and prices very reasonable . I stongly recommend buying here !!!! Two thumbs up .
 This is a very special pen for a very special person . I bought it for my father for his 84th birthday . It is the 3rd one he has owned - having lost the other 2 over the years . He was pining for it and was tickled pink to receive this gift.It is a handsome black with real gold trim and smooth mechanical action to expose the writing point . The top of the pen has the signature `` mont blanc '' -LRB- white mountain -RRB- embedded . My father says that he writes better with it and feels more authoritative signing things with it . Whatever makes him happy makes me happy !
 Mont Blanc Meisterstuck has a great form and shape , good hand grip and good writing despite the traditional Mont Blanc design .
 I ca n't say enough good things about this company . They were incredibly helpful throughout the process of making my final decision . I will be using them for future purchases , and am very confident that they are the best option out there .
 This pen was a gift for my husband who lost his other MontBlanc pen . He loves it and the smooth way it writes . It 's just perfect for him .
 I ordered this pen for a GIFT . I had some reservations as the price was excellent , Much to my delight the pen was everything I expected and more ! It is in a beautiful box , and because it was shipped from Germany and there was a minor delay , they also included ink refills . Anyway , beautifully packaged , all the paper work authenticating the product . And I ca n't wait to give it to my son for Christmas . I would order again . The pen would make for a great anniversary , birthday or as I said Christmas gift . Some people need to get on my Gift List .
 Great pen with nice feel and elegant look . It is my favorite ball point pen .
 The product I ordered arrived exactly as it was promised in an excellent condition . Customer service agents were very prompt and responsive . It was one of the best online shopping experiences . I recommend all my friends who want nice Montblanc pens .
 This pen makes for a great gift item . It is very classy and I would not refrain from calling it the Rolls Royce of fine writing instruments.I have owned a few of these beauties and decided to add another to my collection . This pen is just beautiful in looks in writing and is meant for the classy . Gifting this pen to someone reflects on the class of the gift giver . People in corporate circles make a statement when they carry this pen to the board room . This pen has great aspirational value . I have gifted this pen to a lot of family members who have graduated from school and also during Christmas time , anniversaries and as birthday gifts . It makes for a great gift . Enjoy your pen .
 When we received the pen , it was beautifully presented in a lovely gift box along with a leather storage case and two refills . The nicest touch was the handwritten note in case we should need assistance . As this was a gift from me to my husband , I was most delighted for the presentation .
 Ca n't beat the price for what you get
 I had wireless speakers from a different company before `` Audio Unlimited Wireless Speakers with Remote -LRB- SPK-VELO-001 -RRB- '' . They did noises in the middle of the night so I had to turn them always off . Also walking around the apartment the sometimes lost the signal.So I decided to try theses speakers and I really liked them . The sound is good enough and clear and stable . I can keep the speakers turned on in the night.There are a couple things I do n't like
 I am very pleased about the On-Hold adapter . By making this available on Amazon it saved me several hundred dollars . Thank you .
 This does exactly what I wanted . When you put it in the bushes you can not tell it is not a real rock .
 I had accidently locked myself out of the house and had to climb through my bathroom window to let myself in , something I do n't ever want to do again ! I bought the Rock Key Hider and I love it . It blends in with the natural surroundings and no one would ever know that a key is secretly hidden inside . I think its safer than giving your child a house key hoping that they wo n't lose it . This way they know where the key is at all times . I highly recommend this product .
 What service ! I ordered a couple of books & this & I received this 10 days or so before the books even came.Great service good value for the costs
 THIS PRODUCT DOES EXACTLY WHAT I EXPECTED , IT COMPLETELY SATISFIES THE REQUIREMENTS I NEED . INSTALLATION IS STRAIGHTFORWARD AND EASY . I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT WITHOUT A DOUBT .
 On Hold . . two words we tend to hate . . but wait , now you wo n't be bored ever again . . This new product makes it as enjoyable as possible . . No extra power needed , clear , quality music makes this product a must have . . Be the first on your block , or in your family to buy this music adapter .
 I 'm all about a cross between function and beauty , and this pen fits both perfectly . The aluminum housing is light and sturdy , the overall construction feels very solid and yet no bulky . Smooth writing with the fine steel nib ; even details such as the ink are thought of , with a good consistent flow . Very happy with my purchase.The seller was amazingly prompt with the delivery , and I have no complaints . 5 stars from me !
 Great price and holds a lot of keys . Came with all of the tags and hooks that we needed for the key box
 I had always used the regular poster box you can purchase to hold posters for your classroom . The problem was , the posters would eventually curl up at the bottom of the box , the box would become misshapen , and would not close anymore . Then I found these holders on Amazon . They are fabulous ! I bought several and organized my posters into groups -LRB- Math , Reading , etc -RRB- . The holders are very sturdy and keep my posters flat and standing upright inside my poster box . Great product !
 i did n't read the product description carefully - i thought this was several boxes . instead , they 're cardboard folders/portfolios ... which actually i think will serve me better , insofar as keeping all my charts from bending ! they fit beautifully in the box -LSB- which i ordered later -RSB- which makes sense since it 's made by the same people .
 I have found that the IMfree is actually better then what I expected it to be . I read that it would interupt my phone calls if I had a cordless phone , but I was able to talk on the phone while using the IMfree with no troubles at all . I have the computer in one end of the house downstairs . I went upstairs , to the farthest end of the house and still the IMfree worked like a dream . There are several walls between but all was great . I have found that the charge held wonderfully as well . I can also use it plugged in and so I do that if I plan on sitting and watch TV while IMing . What I like is being able to sit out on the back porch sipping an iced mocha and chatting with friends .
 Many people say that you should get this device if you do n't have enough computers for everybody to use AIM . However , when I saw this gadget , a different use came into mind . For you see , I am a gamer with a social life . Maybe a rare breed , but I have found this is perfect for playing games in full screen and being able to use AIM at the same time without having two computers . It used to involve the person IMing me , pulling down my game , and we talk for a few seconds , and I realize I am dead when I bring back the game . However , with this I can chat and play my game at the same time.Some have complained about device range , while I live in a fairly large house with walls , and even on the other side , I was able to make a connection and send and recieve IMs . The problem may lie in construction material of the house I am guessing.However , I do wish that there were a few improvements to this . One is to move the send key and push all the bottom buttons over . Because the bottom row of keys is one over from a normal keyboard and I always find myself typing `` thimg '' instead of `` thing . '' As well , a larger typing surface would be nice.The sounds on the system are kind of annoying , and I thought there would be no way to turn off all of the `` going to sleep '' and `` sign on/off '' sounds without turning off the `` IM sound '' , however , I was pleasently suprised when I found I could not only do that on the program on the computer , but you can customize the rings down to making your own sounds or even making it play Greensleeves.But a major part that would greatly improve this product is a backlight , as many have said . That would allow you to IM in the dark . Not sure why some people demand this , but they must have their reasons .
 We bought this for our daughter to im with her friends and free up the computer for other things ... the screen is small , and it is in black and white , and does not do all the im things like the pc does ... however , she can sit on the couch or in her room and nobody is fighting over the computer ! As a parent , it does make me nervous since I can not what is being typed easily . but overall it 's a cute gadget . She has been using it nonstop since early November -LRB- 2005 -RRB- without any problems .
 This handheld item is awesome ! We bought it for our soon to be teen because she was always taking up the computer to IM . It 's almost like having another computer in the house . She has had friends come over with their units and we were suprised as to how easy it was to register their unit with our base ... just type the letters in and they were underway . Great buy for less than $ 100.00 !
 I bought the IMFree because my family has 1 computer and 5 family members always wanting on it . And since im the youngest , i get cheated out of my time on the computer . But when i got the IMFree system , it worked miracles . I could talk to my friends from anywhere in my house .
 I think this product is very usefull because it saves your computer from viruses . The only problem that i had was that every time i tried to put on an away message the imfree always shut off . I think this is because I might of spilled a bit of ice cream on to my imfree , but everthing else is working fine . The only thing that I wish is that I could make an away message!But anyway , it is a great Instant Messaging product that is great and I encourage you to bye this exquisite product !
 do n't listen to those peoples , it 's not that bad . I live in a 4floors house and i have the base in the basement and i have noe problem getting the signal .
 I got an IMFree at Wal-Mart and I use it all the time . One thing that I do n't like is that it has to charge for 16 hours before you can use it . However , the signal strength is exactly what they said it would be . Set up is very easy , but if you do n't use a Motorola modem -LRB- cable -RRB- then signal strength is n't very strong and it can fail on you in the middle of a conversation . It works excellent with the SB5100 Motorola modem , and will not slow down your internet.And if you want another IMFree in addition to the one you already have , you DO NOT have to buy a new starter kit , you can buy a companion . A companion contains just the IMFree and no base , and it is easily registered to the existing base .
 With two teenagers in the house I could n't get anywhere near my pc , and when I did it was a nightmare . Trojans , viruses , unwanted downloads - I spent days just trying to repair the damage and finally hired a professional . I ordered IMFree the instant I learned about it a year ago , and have never been so happy . And I do n't even use it ! But the kids have n't touched my pc since it arrived . I 'm ordering a second one to stop the fighting over who gets to use it . The best part is that I set the hours it 's activated , and limit who they can contact . I HIGHLY recommend this easy to set up item . As a parent , it 's really a gift to myself .
 Great product . The program allowes you to make your own music . Also it tests if the usb is ok , internet conn. is ok . aim s.n is ok . The only thing wrong with it is that ther is no color and no light to im in the dark . It is also bad because u have to hold down the number key for every number or char . you im . Thumbs up for meBtw To tweak the range of the signal you open it , -LRB- caution -RRB- open the base , then pull the antenna to make it stick up . It may look bad but you get more signal .
 I think that this product is a very good tool to have a round the house . I think the down sides are that you cantt see icons . and it isnt in color . but besides that it is DA BOMB!tic tock its gon na explode !
 This is the answer to the problem of your 16 year-old being tethered to YOUR PC so as not to miss a thing on their buddy list . The IMFree installs in a snap via the USB port and allows the user to stay in touch with their buddies from anywhere in the house . My daughter loves it and it frees up a PC . What could be better !
 This is a great product for teens like me ... it is a great color -LRB- blue -RRB- , for a girl or boy , small and compact , easy-to-use . But here are some things i didnt like about it : - black-and-white display -LRB- NO COLOR -RRB- - one day , when i pushed the away message button , the IMfree system completely turned off , first with black lines on the screen , and then just signing off ... this is why i would rate it 4 stars ****
 This is a great product , the kids are no longer fighting over the computer!If you were wondering , I am not 1 year old , I just found the kids form not as hard .
 THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT , KIDS WOULD LOVES THIS ESPECIALLY AGES 13-15 , AND YOU DONT HAVE TO HAVE COMPUTER CONNECTED , THEYRE LIEING , THIS IS A GREAT DEAL , ONE THAT YOU CANT MISS , THE PRICE WILL BE RAISING SO BUY IT NOW!I BOUGHT TI AND AM LOVING IT .
 We got both of our children , son 14 & daughter 10 , one of these for christmas last year . My husband & both thought that for the small price we paid it might last a month & then fall apart , but to our surprise , almost a year later they are still working perfectly ! They are worth every penny we paid for them & more . The kids can walk around the house & instant message with their friends . It is much easier than a laptop because of the small size which is about the size of a PDA . We downloaded the software & the base just plugs into one of our desktop computers ; a very easy set up . They have the freedom to move around anywhere in our home & sometimes even manage to do chores while using the IMFree . I would say that if you have kids or teens that IM a lot , it would be a great gift , especially if you are trying to put off purchasing another computer . The IMFree would be a MUCH cheaper option .
 As for people who say the MX240a has terrible range , it must be interference with your area . I have an IMfree base station connected on top of an entertainment center -LRB- about a foot and a half away from the ceiling -RRB- in my basement , at about a foot away from the absolute front of my house . My room is at the back of my house , on the opposite side , upstairs . I can easily lay in bed and watch TV while talking on the MX240a . There is a tiny lag . TINY . I know this because I 've left my AIM running on the PC downstairs and speakers on just to see when the sound cued downstairs , and compared it to when I got the message . Miniscule.For those who say the keyboard sucks and screen sucks and all of this ; try thinking of it compared to a phone . They keyboard on this thing is obviously designed so you 're NOT typing traditional keyboarding style , but instead ... thumb talk . Text messaging . This thing is a dream as compared to AIM 's use of IM Forwarding to text messages on a cell phone . I 'm an avid thumb typer with this , and I 've had no problems.The only thing missing is the use of a Timex Indiglo style backlight . That 's absolutely it . Maybe a higher resolution LCD screen , but I see no purpose in having a full color backlit LCD screen , as this thing is to supplement for convenience , not replace your PC.Although the common person to buy this is to get their teen off the computer , I bought it so I did n't have to sit in my basement studio , away from home theater , couches , bed , etc. to simply chat online without using a cell phone . May I stress , although aimed at , this product is NOT strictly for teenagers or preteens that you want off of the `` family PC '' ... it 's for anyone who 's tired of being stuck in the room with the PC just to talk online.I paid approx . $ 45 for this thing at Circuit City , and it came with the base station . For a while -LRB- I have n't seen them since I bought this -RRB- , they also sold the MX240a alone for about $ 15 less than the `` starter kit `` I am very pleased , and could only ask for a simple backlight .
 I have had the Motorola IMFree for over a year now and it has worked very well . The signal is great . I keep the base station hooked up to my basement computer and I can use the device anywhere in my 2-story house . I have even used it in the back of my backyard -LRB- about 1/2 acre in size -RRB- ! The screen shows what I need but I am dissapointed that it does not have a backlight so that it can be used in the dark . I have never had any delay in the sending of the messages , like some other reviews mentioned.Pros : - Very well designed-Great signal from base station-Long Battery Life-Easy to use software-No delay in messenging-Tough screen that resists scratches-Helpful website service -LRB- Motorola Website -RRB- Cons : - Small Buttons-Program must be running on computer to be used-Computer will not enter Power-Saving Standby Mode when Software is running-No Backlight-Hard to read display in some conditionsOverall this product has been great and I am glad that I bought it . I have enjoyed using this product and would reccomend it to anyone .
 I bought one and love it . I have n't had any trouble with it at all . My only two complaints are that the battery takes 16 hours to charge the first time -LRB- 10 hours to charge after first charging and use -RRB- and only works about 4 hours , and that it only uses Aol Instant Messanger . It has the option to select service at the splash screen , but for the time being , only has AIM . I recomend this product highly . Also , numerous reviews have stated that the computer can be off . It MUST be on while using this product . It communicates through a program that must be running on the computer . If anyone can figure out how to run a program while the computer is off , then maybe you can use it ... but untill that miracle discovery , sorry , but the computer must be on .
 Okay I know this review is long , but hear me out : This product is the ideal lazy person 's handheld messenger . Say you 're all comfy in bed or the couch and you get an IM , but the computer is out of arm 's reach . What do you do ? With me , I want to just leave it , but it really bothers me when I do n't know who 's talking to me , but hey - I 'm comfy and do n't want to get up . If you 've ever been in the same situation then you should buy this product . All you have to do s run the program -LRB- it even goes to the taskbar so it does n't interfere with other programs running -RRB- , and have your internet on and you 're set to roam the house or just lay in bed and still message . But yeah I know everyone has cell phones with TXT messaging on them now right ? Well the difference between this handheld and your cell phone is the charge . Sending messages on this product does not charge you 10 cents per message like cell phones do , plus it has all the letters on separate keys , no more clicking nine times for `` lol '' . This product makes it easy for me to cook/watch tv/clean/eat without having to run back up to the computer every time I hear that chime . So c'mon , what is n't great about that ? The only thing I dislike , though it rarely affects me , is that there is no backlight , meaning you ca n't see the screen in the dark . But other than that , there 's no reason why you should n't buy this product . It comes with a free charger and batteries , and you can use it while it 's charging ; customizable settings such as volume , contrast , and key beeps ; and easy access to your buddy list in a matter of seconds . I have n't tried this product outside yet , but the base and computer are upstairs in my room , and it works everywhere in my house . This product really makes messaging easier .
 I 've read all the negative reviews , now here 's my impression of the product . It 's great ! I live in a large 2 story house with a basement , the IMFree works all over my house and a long ways out into my 2/3 acre yard . If you have range problems , follow Motorola 's instructions and extend the base unit as far as possible from your PC . Does it have limitations ? Sure . It only works with AIM , and has no backlight . The keyboard is tiny -LRB- not a problem for the cell-phone generation -RRB- but useable . The battery does take a while to charge but builds to full capacity after several charge/discharge cycles . This fun little gadget is perfect for my teenage daughter , who frequently uses the computer only to chat with her friends , and IMFree does that perfectly . Frees up the computer for other users . The installation went without a hitch , and the software runs flawlessly in the background without hogging the PC 's resources . It includes diagnostics for troubleshooting the system , parental controls , and security features . These units can be had at bargain prices on ebay and at TigerDirect , so grab one and have some fun .
 I want one of these but was wondering if u have to be signed on aim on the pc for it to work.plz write a review stating if u do or do n't !
 this is a great product for a great price , anyone would love this , and its good for people that only have 1 comp , the price will be raising so buy this now ! , and no you have to have you comp on ! , DO BUY THIS , not later becasue the price will be raising , i bought it and am loving it !
 THIS THING IS A GREAT PURCHASE . I LOVE IT AND YOU WOULD TOO !! IF YOU GET IT THEN YOU WILL BE EVER SOO SATISFIED !!!!!!!!
 I purchased several of these units in different configuration for various cameras ect . They are a nice and sturdy unit and protect the cards very well . Adolescent heatedly recommend them .
 I 've had this card holder for 3 years now , and it 's worked great . Only detail is that the rubber insides do n't hold the cards very well , and if its been jostled around they may fall out when you open it up.Just wanted to give a heads up for anyone looking to use this in outdoors/photography situations .
 I like this unit , but there is one small issue : The latch is flacky and it could open anytime when handling.The only solution I found is to bend the clip more so it stays closed . Am afraid this product fails for this reason otherwise a nice case.Another solution is to get a rubber band around it.I hope the Mfg read these things and design a better closing latch . It 's not that difficult .
 Prompt delivery , love it , works wonderful.The cards fit perfect , maybe now I wo n't lose or misplace my cards.I can keep them in one place .
 This case is better than a few of them I 've tried before and sure beats digging through my camera back to find all the individual plastic cases I was using before I got this . It slips right into a pocket and holds all my cards . You have to press down firmly to make sure they snap in properly or you will open the holder to find all your cards out of their slots . Once I figured that out , I really like it . Ca n't beat the price .
 The card holder does work . Keeps things well orginized . I would buy again . The only problem is it cost me more for the shippimg then the porduct it self .
 A sturdy , practical holder for your SD 's . Does not allow for keeping the original , individual plastic holders when placing cards in this product . The edges of the metal surface could be finished smoother .
 Have not really used this much but it appears to be built good enough to protect your SD cards in almost any situation .
 I like aluminum . I like SD cards . With that in mind , this was a no-brainer for me . I works well and looks great . I never have need of more than 5 or 6 cards , so this is a great size for me . It even fits in my car ashtray ! My old cassette case could n't do that !
 Good
 I 've tried the rest and this is the best . Holds 8 SD cards vs two or four from other companies , and is still pocket size . Metal case is solid , snaps shut . The rubber insert holds the cards snugly , yet they 're easy to remove .
 I wanted something small and solid to protect my SDHC all in one place . Perfect for my needs .
 Great idea and it 's nice for people like me that do n't erase my SD cards I just save them and buy new one 's .
 Since SD memory cards have gotten pretty cheap , it has become reasonable to use them like film and not over-write them , saving them as one more form of backup for digital images . While they might not last forever , neither will a spinning disk , CDs , DVDs , or magnetic tape . I use Vanguard aluminum storage modules to keep SD and Compact Flash cards safe and organized .
 High capacity SD cards are now cheap enough to be a one-time-use storage medium for photos . Files can get lost on computers , but the initial recording of photos on SD cards in cameras seem to be pretty permanent . These aluminum cases are pretty inexpensive , and are a good repositary of a large number of photos . -LRB- 8 cards each case , 4 GB or 8 GB cards hold thousands of photos ! -RRB- I can highly recommend these cases for safe SD card storage and also for keeping track of SD cards in a camera bag . Do n't forget to mark each of your SD cards with an identifying number when you first get them , and then record the number and the card content in a computer file on more than one of your computers .
 Product construction is of great quality and my SD cards are safe for future archiving needs . Wish they made one the size of a paperback book that held even more SD cards , Will buy this product again !
 A friend in France needed this item and there is nothing like this sold in Europe . This item was perfect , and the price was excellent . I was able to purchase it and then send it on to France for less than many people were charging just for the cases . Just in time for a perfect Christmas gift.Thanks again .
 I love this case . It 's just what I needed to keep track of cards .
 It 's unfortunate that the manufacturer 's name for this product is `` Di-Holder '' and not `` Memory Card Case '' , especially since the latter is written on it . The product did n't turn up in my initial searches of Amazon . I finally stumbled upon it on some other web sites , then came back here to search for the exact name.At this time there are several versions on Amazon , but the basic `` Technical details '' are mostly incorrect , you must look at the `` See more technical details '' to tell which shape of memory card is supported and how many . I bought the version which holds 8 SD cards . A molded rubbery insert holds the cards in place within the case . The cards were held securely but easily removed.Warning
 It just works . Perhaps if the hold cups were a little deeper to give a firmer hold but otherwise I love it . No problems what so ever .
 This is a very nice case for the price , very good construction . The case holds 8 cards tight without falling out .
 This case is conveniently sized for 8 SD cards , is of sturdy construction and the SD cards do not fall out like some reviews I read claimed . It is an excellent choice and makes your SD cards more accessible than those individual plastic cases which when you buy 8 will total much more than the price of this case .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00022OB8S/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titlelook good holds 8 sd/sdhc cards small light weight and price is low shipped fast aluminum outer shell molded silicon inner
 What more would you want than a case that holds your SD cards securely and is convenient to use ? I 've had a couple of other cases where the cards either would n't stay put or the case latch was so secure you could n't open it while driving . This one works well for me . 5 stars .
 It hold 8 memory cards ; the case stays shut ; it can take a pretty substantial fall and still keep the memory cards safe . A good product .
 I 'm an amateur photography and do my own printing . . I like to use the best paper as possible and this paper give the results that i look for . the people that i give these to just love the quality , the gloss and thickness is what they prefer ... the grams of the paper is the key . Along with the HP photo printer I achieve the results I 'm looking for .
 I needed to match an existing door stop that had been purchase several years ago from Lowe 's but they no longer carried . I was able through Google and the part number find an exact match on Amazon .
 This refill was a nice change from the rolling gel standard select-tip refills.The felt-tip lasts long and holds it shape well and is a nice alternative to gel inks .
 The refill is perfect for my pen because it is the right refill for it and the price is reasonable .
 Fast shipping , very helpful customer service when I called with a question . Would do business with them again .
 It holds rolls of dimes , what more can i say ? For those who like all the details ... It 's made of aluminum and it holds rolls of dimes .
 If you buy an HP 49G + get one with ROM Version 1.23 or 2.0 ; 49G + calculators with earlier ROM versions have minor flaws that have since been fixed.The 49G + is a serious graphing and programmable calculator that can be used not only by students , but by professionals with real problems to solve . Its accuracy is outstanding , although not perfect for all functions . For + , - , * , / and sqrt -LRB- -RRB- on reals it delivers results accurate to 1/2 unit in the last place , rounded to nearest ; overflow and underflow are determined after rounding and postnormalization . -LRB- However , it does not support gradual underflow . -RRB- Accuracy of elementary functions is excellent ; e.g. it gets cos -LRB- 42781604.0 -RRB- correct to 12 digits correctly rounded , which is better than many large computers do . All values of n ! are likewise correct to 12 digits correctly rounded . y ^ x gives excellent but not perfect accuracy ; for integer n , y ^ n can be computed to any desired accuracy with the built-in integer arithmetic of the 49G + . Symbolic integrals and derivatives are outstanding . Eigenvalues , eigenvectors , and roots of polynomials are ok , provided the matrix for eigenvalues/eigenvectors is not too large , and provided eigenvalues -LRB- or roots of polynomials -RRB- are not of too high multiplicity or too closely spaced ; if they are , the user can write a program to do better in the particular case to be solved.The only serious error I have discovered in the 49G + is an error in computation of certain confidence intervals , an error that is present in the formulas in every statistics handbook and elementary text on statistics . One can hardly blame HP for failing to discover a 60-year-old error that 's repeated in all the literature.Various excellent user-written libraries are available , and can be downloaded via a PC through a connector and software provided with the calculator , to add things like Bessel and Hankel functions that are not built in . With an added -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- ROM , up to 64 MB of such libraries can be stored in the calculator.This calculator is obviously not the equivalent of either a major math package for large fast computers , such as Mathematica , or a specialized package for particular caluculations such as linear programming . However , it fits nicely in a pocket , and is therefore extremely useful both for calculation while on the move , and for trying algorithms while thinking through problems .
 My old cross felt writer ran dry , and i left it in the desk for over a year . i decided to get a refill for it so I can again begin usingit again . this refill works great with no problems .
 It is a good refill and perfect fit for my cross pen . I like the way it writes and it is dark and heavy .
 I was looking for an alternative chair to the typical house or domestic chair . My mother mentioned that when she was waiting in the doctor 's office she actually thought those type of chairs were pretty comfortable to her . She needed a `` waiting '' chair so , she could be close to the door before being picked-up for rides . This chair fit the bill appropriately . It 's not real comfortable not uncomfortable . I guess , in the words of Goldilocks
 If you 're like me , super organized , I suggest you pick up one of these compact personal/office label makers . Anytime I have a need to label something , particularly create a new folder for my important documents , invoices , etc. , I just turn on the Brother P-touch QL-500 -LRB- and my computer of course -RRB- , type a label using all types of fonts and styles , and presto -- out prints my label . I personally could not live without this item . I label everything now . It is so helpful and efficient . It keeps me so organized and it 's extremely easy to operate . Very inexpensive as well . I highly recommend this product .
 First of all I received it faster than I thought I would . When I finally had the time to work with it , it was all set up in less than 15 minutes , and that was just because I had to read the instructions . I 've had it for about 1 month now , and I 've printed about 450 labels so far . It works great . I have n't had any problems with it . I fully recommend this product .
 This label printer is awsome ! The only thing that could possibly make it better is if there were more choices of labels . But what the heck , I still love it .
 I have used one of these at work for 3 years and have been very pleased with it . I decided to order a second for use at home . It is easy to set up , the soft ware is very good and it works well with lists created in excel . It has never jammed or created any problems for me , I highly recommend it .
 I keep up with our company 's computer equipment inventory and have thousands of records in our data base that I have to print and affix asset labels as they are updated . I needed an easier way to print a bar code and serial number on a permanent label by using the information already entered into our AS/400 database instead of risking errors by manually re-entering the information into a hand-held manual label maker.We researched several label makers and chose the Brother QL-500 for its price , specifications , and recommendations.When we received our Brother QL-500 , I noticed it was as lightweight as our hand-held manual label maker . Loading and unloading labels are a breeze . Just pop up the lid , pull up the bar to release labels , remove old labels , drop in new labels , feed labels , push the tension bar back down to lock labels in , push the lid back down to close , plug into a USB port , & turn it on . After one of our programmers set up the fields to print from our data base , I added the printer and started printing crisp , clean labels within seconds . The easy slide cutter on the printer seems to never dull.We have more than one Brother QL-500 and have had no problems . It is very lightweight and easily moved . I would recommend this product for the home or office .
 I purchased two of these - one for my home office and one for my husband 's business . So easy to use and so much better than handwriting or feeding sheets thru a regular printer . You can keep address book on file and access when you need to print one or 50 . Price was well worth it !
 I love this label maker ! It was easy to install , use , etc. . It makes labels so quickly .
 I love this label printer ! It does address labels , and labels for everything , fast and high quality . The software it comes with is really cool and easy to use . I use it now for all my mailing -LRB- with bar codes -RRB- and to label everthing that needs labeling .
 I bought this printer to print my shipping labels faster . It 's easy to use ! It prints very fast.Print quality is excellent . Changing diferent type of labels is easy too . I highly recommend this printer .
 P-Touch QL-500 . Just a great product . Fast printing and easy to set-up .
 This machine is AWESOME for eBay sellers . If you use PayPal or take money orders , you can print out postage with this machine using the continuous tape -LRB- about 100 labels for every roll -RRB- . You can chose to remove the amount of postage on the label so nobody can see & print multiple labels using PayPal . Brother has made it very easy & compatible with this service . I am glad I did not spend the extra money on the machine with the self-cutting tool . It is easy to slide the protected razor across & cut the tape . I tried it once on the USPS site but did not get it to work so for personal items , I 'm still using stamps . But , it saves me the long lines at the post office and now , I just have to drop the packages off.It is very easy to use , `` plug & play '' out of the box . I have had no problems with it & have made over 100 labels over the past month . Have not used any of the software features or any of the small label features . But this is a cheap & useful machine for the eBay sellers out there . It allows me to get my items out in the post in record time & therefore has boosted my sales & paid for itself .
 Well fortunately , Brother has released < a href = `` http://welcome.solutions.brother.com/bsc/public/us/us/en/model_top/p-touch/ql550eus.html?reg=us&c;=us?=en?=ql550eus '' > Tiger compatible < / a > versions of their driver and P-Touch editing software for the Mac . Unfortunately , that software is ugly as sin , and terribly un-Mac like . It looks like an unholy union of Mac Classic and Win 3.1 , but it does allow one to print decent looking labels . It sure would be nice if some real Mac label program supported it however -LRB- as some do the Dymo printers -RRB- . On the other hand , this is a pretty good bargain and the design of the printer -LRB- and labels themselves -RRB- is excellent.edit
 When I first saw the commercial for these label printers I thought , `` Good grief ! What new ways will they come up with to waste money ?? Who in the world needs that ?? '' As it turns out , I did ! The guy who wondered why printer manufacturers ca n't perfect envelope or label printing was so right ! I 've mangled more envelopes and gotten more label adhesive stuck to printer rollers than I care to count . If I wanted to print file folder labels , I had to make sure I needed 6 so I did n't have to run a sheet through the printer twice -- which of course fries the sheet -LRB- and does n't make the printer too happy either -RRB- . This little gizmo is perfect for my use - which is a home office . I need professional looking output from reliable equipment that does n't cost me a fortune and does n't take up a lot of space that I do n't have in my office . The footprint on this thing is incredibly small -- about the size of a desktop calculator . Changing the rolls from address to file folder etc. is a snap . The finished product looks great , and there 's more versatility of what you can create than there is with regular sheet labels . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I had 2 Seikos , one for small labels and another for large labels . Neither wanted to work with Vista . One QL-500 does both labels easily by changing cartridges as needed.The Manual cut off makes access to the finished label easy , fast and precise.I 'm 80 yrs old . Things that work this nicely are appreciated .
 I actually bought this about 4 years ago . Worked fine on my PC but no Mac support . At first that did n't bother me , but now I only use my Mac . I saw that they now have drivers for Mac OSX and downloaded them - hurray , it works beautifully ! The manual for the Mac is not current , but it 's still pretty easy to figure out on your own . After four years , I still think this is the BEST label printer ever - hurray for Brother for producing a product that has survived well for such a long time!Margo from San Diego
 This is a very fine product , while it does n't have all the fancy bells and whistles , it gets the job done . It is user friendly , esp . for those of us that are a bit techno challenged . I have saved loads of time printing address labels for envelope of different sizes .
 This is my third brand of personal label printers and I have finally struck pay dirt . The first one was a Dymo and it 's software crashed my computer horribly . Boxed it up and got rid of it . Next up was a Avery Personal Label Printer . What a sorry excuse for a printer that was . Every time you turn it on , it feeds a blank label -LRB- marketing scam to sell more labels ? -RRB- . That little thing had a mind of it 's own . I put up with it for months until I just could n't take it 's random behavior of feeding blank labels between printed ones and sometimes just going into a strange feed-label mode that would n't stop . I 'm not even trying to sell it - just throwing it away.Now comes the Brother QL-500 . It set up very easily and printed out it 's first test label no problemo . Then I used it in a rather obscure database-contact management program I use and with virtually no setup it puts out the label correctly . One label , done right . Thank you Brother . -LRB- I also have a low end Brother laser printer that I love and a high end Brother fax , so I guess I am slowly becoming a Brother person . -RRB- Buy the QL-500 and save yourself the anguish the others are sure to cause .
 This was my first purchase through Amazon.com Before purchasing this item I looked at other shipping label makers such as Dymo and from the reviews I read on Amazon that unit had alot of problems and was over priced IMHO . This unit was just what I was looking for `` QUICK AND EASY '' . Although this item is a little bulkier than the DYMO it does exactly what I need it to do and the start up disk had me making labels in less than 30 minutes . Did I mention the price was outstanding . I got it shipped to my door with a box of large labels for less than $ 70.00 . Very happy with this item .
 This is a great product . I use it for everything I used to hand write . It makes the office files and mailing envelopes look so much more professional and it is quick .
 Arrived quickly . Works great as a black and white label printer . Wide variety of labels for printer . It is thermal , so no need for ink . Does not work for color .
 We purchased a Brother QL-500 label maker/printer on a trial basis at my workplace . It worked so well ... we bought another one for my employer 's desk ! Easy to use , faster than printing envelopes and can keep the mailing list handy for repeat addresses .
 ASIDE FROM IT BEING A BIT BULKY , THIS MACHINE WORKS GREAT . SET-UP WAS EASY , AND THE LABELS PRINT SHARP AND CLEAR . THE FONTS CAN BE CHANGED , YOU CAN MODIFY THE LABELS , AND NO INK TO WORRY ABOUT . WHAT CAN BE BETTER THAN THAT ?
 How much time have I wasted over the years trying to print envelopes ? It took me about 10 minutes -LRB- from opening the box to printing a label -RRB- to set up ... It works GREAT.Loading the software was super simple and the label spools just slip in and out in a flash so if you are printing different sized labels you can refit them quickly . Very quick and easy to do.The size of the printer itself is great , it is light and compact which means it can be slipped into a corner when not in use , or quickly plugged inIt does n't use ink so no replacing ink cartridges etc.What are you waiting for ... Go Buy One Today . They are periodically on sale for around $ 40 but easily worth $ 60 or $ 70 . I should have gotten one years ago !
 There 's something to be said for a gadget that may not do much , but does what it does very well indeed . This is one of those gadgets . If , like me , you hate hand-labeling envelopes , the QL-500 is ideal . It makes highly-legible labels in a flash , and thanks to a simple label reel system , allows you to change label types in a jiffy . And , miracle of miracles , the software that comes with the QL-500 is actually good .
 Good product ; I use it a lot and wish I had gotten it a long time ago .
 This little gem works wonders !!! I was printing my first label within 10 min of opening the box . No toner is used ! For the price this is a must have . I give this product a 10 out of 10 . Great job Brother .
 I 've used the QL-500 3 or 4 times now and everytime I do , this unit never fails to surprise me . It 's so fast that I 'm always curious if it 's truly printing the labels properly . I 'm anxious to use the PayPal features but I do n't have a scale yet to accurately weigh my items . I also have to buy more die cut labels so I can make different size labels as well . I highly recommend this unit .
 I am very happy with the printer . It is versatile and easy to use and load with either labels or coninuous tape . Unfortunately for us Mac users , many of the software features and add-ons only seem to work for Windows OS . But fear not - I 've started using Mail Factory Home Edition , which does for Mac what the Brother software does for Windows - gives you total design control over your labels and works seamlessly with Mac OS X Address Book ! This software makes the Brother label maker a superb addition to your Mac OS X system ! I did some price comparisons , too , and dollar for dollar , I do n't think you can do better .
 Okay , so I have read all of the rave reviews , and I do n't doubt them at all ; however , I have a few thoughts for others who are buying this for printing postage labels on PayPal . First , I found the set up manual to be very confusing . Maybe I am just not good at these things . For instance , they started to use initials for things that they had not defined , and in fact I do n't think I know what the initials stand for yet ? That is frustrating . Second , the trial labels that come with the unit are of course the smaller which of course is because they are cheaper . The labels you need to print postage from this printer for PayPal are the model numbers DK-2205 or DK-2212 . The quick solution would be to run out to your local office supply store and buy the needed labels , except that none of the office supply stores in my town , not a small town , carry those labels . They all carry the same two labels , so I presume that the ones they carry are the most common ones . Anyway , so after waiting a week to get the printer , I now have to wait a week to get the labels to try it out . Arrrgggg . I am sure I will like it once I have it all together and have used it . I will update my review then.Okay , I have had this printer for a few weeks now and wanted to update this . Once it was installed and once I had the correct size labels -LRB- which I bought the generic labels also available on Amazon for a considerable savings -RRB- it is a breeze to use and a great time saver . I have had some problems with the Java software not being set up quite right so that I get some annoying pop-up screens every time I go to print a label , but I presume that if I spend some more time configuring things I could get rid of those . Obviously they are not annoying enough that I have felt a need to spend that time . Do n't hesitate to buy this printer for printing postage from PayPal , it is a breeze once it is set up .
 This review is long overdue . I 've had the P-Touch QL-500 for four years and absolutely love it . It is very easy to use ; the labels can be changed in a matter of seconds . It prints so quickly - it 's amazing.As a professional organizer , I like that I have the option of using larger labels with larger fonts . When I have many storage containers to label in a basement or garage , I take the QL-500 to the client 's home because it 's much easier to use than a hand-held label maker.I highly recommend this label maker .
 I got this on Amazon refurbished , and apparently it 's offered refurbished frequently from the number of reviewers . Very inexpensive , too -- about the cost of 750 brand-name mailing labels at an office supply store . And the refurbished one comes with two spools of labels -- one about two inches wide and the other slightly over an inch wide.My biggest concern before buying it was the difficulty some reviewers said they had installing and using this label printer on their Mac . But , at least as of today , the driver and the P-Touch Editor version is fine for Snow Leopard -LRB- Mac OSX 10.6.4 -RRB- . I installed it in a few minutes . and my QL-500 was up and running . Here 's how
 As my auction sales increased with more packages to ship everyday I needed a way to avoid waiting in line at the Post Office to purchase postage and mail out my packages . This machine filled that need perfectly . I highly recomend the Brother QL-500 .
 This turned out to be an excellent label printer , plus the price was right . Software works good but takes some studying , especially if you 're not well versed in how to set up databases and ca n't figure out how to link them to the P-Touch editor . Regarding the labels themselves , none of the big retail office-supply outlets around where I live -LRB- Houston -RRB- carries more than one size label for the QL-500 , but the ones I needed were easily found on-line at Amazon.com Also , with no sales tax and free shipping , they were cheaper .
 Oh my goodness , any desk that mails anything or files anything needs to have one of these . Not one jam , you can add cool images -LRB- albiet it 's only black & white -RRB- use your own fonts , and it 's so simple , so fast , and works exactly how it says it will . LOVE IT .
 I have used this QL-500 label printer for about eight months now and I really like it . I agree with most of the reviews but I have a little different situation . I hooked up the label printer to a Brother PS-9000 print server so that several computers can use the printer . Works most of the time but some times the label does n't print and I do n't know why . I had a little problem setting up the print server but customer support was very good and they solved the problem . Seems as though I had an older model of the PS-9000 which does n't work with the QL-500 or 550 . When I change label roll size it confuses the print server , I have n't figured this out either . For the most part I would recommend the QL-500 over the 550 because it is n't necessary to cut each label . If you print a series of labels having it on a continues strip is more convenient than having a bunch of individual labels , since each label pulls off the backing very easily . Cutting fewer times will keep the cutter sharp longer . I also found that the latest version of the PTouch software is better . I have found that the small address label -LRB- 1209 -RRB- works best for me but unfortunatly not the most avilable .
 Over the past two years we have bought three of this model labeler and they are all working without a hitch . Labels are a bit pricey but well worth it .
 Brother P-Touch QL-500 Manual-Cut PC Label Printing SystemIn general I have been holding off getting a label printer , due to the price of the device in relation to the consumables . . In general I found it simple to install , and had no problems with vista unlike many of the viewers , but I grabbed and installed the drivers and current version of the two software packages you use with it -LRB- P Touch Editor and Ptouch Address Book -RRB- from brother 's website . . and it was as easy as install driver , plug in printer to USB when directed ... wait for it to install and flash the firmware on the printer , reboot and install the two apps ... Opened up the app , it saw the loaded label size , and just typed in my label . . My slight peeves was the autoformatting was n't as smart as I would have liked it to be , and I would have liked a bit more user friendliness to adding a postnet barcode to a mailing label -LRB- help files were vague and you have to manually enter the data for the barcode , its not automatically extracted like say in Word -RRB- . . -LRB- Word is much smarter than the Ptouch app at this -RRB- . This is so much easier than trying to feed envelopes into a laser printer -LRB- for which I have actually had to service the printer when the envelope decided to jam and the paper tray sensor broke trying to nudge the envelope out of the paper path -RRB- As others have said , it is a slightly larger device than the competition -LRB- Dymo -RRB- but I like the cutter/loading slightly better -RRB- As others have said , I would have probably purchased the 550 if there was n't as much of a price difference ... but in general , this device makes label printing a consumer affordable commodity , and the labels come out sharp and clean , even with serif fonts . Also you * can * print postage with this printer , but the only provider that seems to support this model is ... * gasp * Ebay ...
 Works as described except there was no mention of problems using the product with MS Exchange Services and any MS Office Suite . Anything you want to print has to be cut 'n pasted to the P-Touch editor , a minor annoyance unless you rely on the Office connectivity as much as I do . Otherwise , though , it 's a wonderful , reliable label printer .
 Great Printer , Fast , Easy to Hook Up & Easy to Use .
 I run a CPA office and this little work horse eliminates the need to buy those 8.5 x11 sheets of lables . It works nicely with Word and Excel -LRB- all office -RRB- functions . I am converting to a paperless environment and this very inexpensive machine is an integral part now .
 Customer service was awesome . Actually I order wrongly brother QL-500 . I 've reconginzed after 30 minutes I order the wrong one . Then I have mailed them that I need QL-570 . They immediately looked into my order and they sent me the required printer . Next time what ever Item I 'll order from this seller if it is available . Trustworthy for your money.regardssaravanan
 I 've had one for six years , and it works perfectly ! I use it for address labels , file folders , and even boxes of stuff in storage . You can have a label in seconds!I agree with those who say the software is difficult , especially the address book . It took me awhile to set up the address book software , make a template for international addresses , and get the POSTNET -LRB- postal service barcode -RRB- to print at the bottom . I 've had that working for six years now , and since it ai n't broke I have n't fixed it . I 've tried the newer versions of the software and they are more complex and difficult to use , so I 've stuck with the older versions -LRB- 4.2 for PTouch Editor and 1.1 for Address Book . These worked on XP and work fine on Win7 Pro too . O Brother , Where Art Thou , when it comes to easy to use software ? You make such good hardware , how about making good software to match?The manual cutter takes only a half second to operate -LRB- literally -RRB- , and you can print multiple labels before cutting , so I do n't see the need for an auto cutter .
 So easy to learn to use . Versitility is incredible . I even imported a color photo - it converted it into black and white and come out clear and crisp . I purchased it for home use to label the tabs of file folders in my geneaolgy notebook sections for a more professional look . What a difference . Plenty of fonts , graphics and other extras . I am amazed what it can do . My favorite - I can print just one label instead of 30 at a time . We even made labels for a bake sale for the items we brought . They add a touch of class to however they are used .
 I think this is a fantastic and easy-to-use system . I 've used it for several years now for all sorts of labels -LRB- filing , addresses , etc -RRB- and find it incredibly useful . I like the fact that I can save files with commonly used text for the labels , and pull them up with ease . The bar code features are handy too.Noticed some reviewers stating problems with Mac OS . I 'm running the P-touch software on an iMac -LRB- OX 10.6.8 -RRB- and have had absolutely no problem installing the driver or printing with the unit .
 This is the coolest way to print labels , the printer can print 1 or a hundred . It is very fast and easy to use .
 I do n't know how I ever lived without this machine , here to make my life more organized - quicker to type and print a label than to write one out - for sure ... cut and paste , oh yes!Thanks for making my life a lot more organized - and fun!Joy
 Works perfectly , no hassle . You would have to ensure that the latest software is installed from the brother website if you have an intel-based mac.Great printer.Clear Resist Stamp Pad
 Since my handwriting is terrible , I like to use my PC to print labels for mailing and such . But until now , the only way I could do that was with full-sheet labels in my PC 's printer . If I needed to print only one address , I either had to waste a whole sheet using only the first label , or I had to wait until I needed a whole page worth of labels so that I could use the whole sheet . The Brother P-Touch OL-500 is a handy tool to have for printing quick mailing labels one at a time . You can buy replacement rolls in a variety of sizes , but it includes a roll that is about the standard size for addressing an envelope , which is exactly what I need . It includes formatting software , allowing you to put practically anything you want on the label , even a small picture -LRB- though it will be black & white because it is a thermal printer , -RRB- but if you prefer , you can also format it with MS Word . No worries about replacement ink ! And although it does not have an automatic cutter , your label will cut with one swipe of the lever below the dispenser slot . My one and only complaint is that is does n't use USB for power ; you need a power outlet in the wall as well as an open USB on your computer . All in all , a nice birthday present .
 I bought this from Amazon some time ago . Like all the Brother products I own , it 's been sturdy and reliable over the years and has caused me few troubles -LRB- if any -RRB- . This great little printer has been churning out labels for a variety of purposes
 I renewed my admiration for Brother Products . This product works perfect every time . I save a ton and make all my address labels , product labels , return address labels , brochure labels , and use it for service reminder labels . Would by this again but it is 2 years old and still works perfect .
 I recently purchased this machine for around $ 100 . I have owned label writers in the past and this machine is performing even better than the much more expensive Dymo models . Some of the features that I find unique and usefull are the continueous tape option for banners and the speed at which this machine prints . It prints much faster than previous models I have owned . This label printer has been very easy to set up . The only thing is I might opt for the step up QL-550 next time because it has an auto cutter build in . But in defense of the QL-500 , it 's manual cutter is very easy to use too and has been a non issue .
 This has proved to be an excellent buy - we use this all the time for our address labels , but also labelling everything we need around here from Jam , to bags to our business - and it runs so quickly and easily.What do I really like about this - well it was quick and easy to set up - not just load the software on to the computer , but to fit the consumables in - it needs special spools to run - they slip in and out in a flash so if you are printing different sized labels you can refit them quicklyThe size of the printer itself is great , it is light and compact which means it can be slipped into a corner when not in use , or quickly plugged inI love the fact it does n't use ink so no replacing ink cartridges or watching flashing lights etc.It did n't take too long to find my way around the software , I was a bit annoyed at first you could n't easily access a box for number of labels you want printed - but then you ca n't have every feature right there on the desktop - and there is already a great deal to cope with in terms of options.We were printing simple labels with clip art within minutes and have n't stopped finding uses for it since -LRB- neat for backs of photos for instance -RRB- It runs easily from Microsoft software which is also great - printing from letters etc is a breeze ... and the speed ! I could n't believe how quick it was - it just shoots them out , cutting between labels as it goesOverall I think this is a very versatile machine with great cross over for business and home use . It has all the elements I like - fast , efficient , easy-to-use , versatile and compact .
 If you 've been holding off getting a label-printer due to price , this is the printer for you . Not only has Brother lowered the price point on the printer itself -LRB- with rebates it often dips below $ 50 -RRB- , but Brother 's standard address label refills are reasonably priced - about 3-cents each.Setup on Windows XP is simple , but the iconography in the quick-start instructions manual can be a little frustrating . The printed instructions for label printing are anemic ; the on-line -LRB- PDF -RRB- manual is better . Printing simple address labels is sufficiently intuitive that it can be accomplished without ready the manual.Finally , this printer is fast ! The first time I printed a label I thought the printer was just spinning the roll - turns out it was printing ! The only downside I 've found so far is that the printer 's footprint is larger than some of the more expensive competitors .
 I purchased this printer to print shipping labels for packages we ship out for our Ebay on line business . It works great with the ship feature in Paypal and has been trouble-free ever since I bought it . Use the continuous 2-3/7 '' labels DK-2205 for the Ebay shipping labels , fully compatable with the USPS Priority Mail system . I have also used this to print address labels -LRB- with the postnet codes as a feature of the excellent software which comes with this unit -RRB- , CD labels and file folder labels . The manual cutter works just fine for me and I did not need the auto cut of the more expensive model
 This will be short and sweet
 I 've wanted a label printer for a long time because I hate having to manually load envelopes into my printer . A printer with multiple trays would have been one solution , but I already have too many printers the way it is . The Dynamo was the only one I 'd seen and at $ 200 it was just too much , but this nifty little Brother model at $ 79 -LRB- after a rebate -RRB- was too good to pass up.I 've only just set it up , but it 's easy and it 's FAST . Speed does n't really matter to me -LRB- not sending bulk mail -RRB- but it 's impressive one the less . The only thing I do n't like -LRB- so far -RRB- is that it does n't add the postal bar code to the label like Microsoft Word did . There might be a way around this , and in all honestly I 'm not convinced it make the mail faster anyway , but I like to use it and with this would do it too .
 The P-Touch QL-500 is a label printer that connects to your Windows 2000 or XP PC -LRB- not sure if Vista is supported -RRB- and allows you to print custom labels with text and graphics . The labels will be printed on blanks sold by Brother but they are reasonably priced . As another reviewer points out , this label printer does n't use ink , so that 's a big saving in itself.The QL-500 uses a manual cutter
 Have owned this printer for about 3 months now . This printer has been a very handy and useful tool for rapidly creating address labels , file labels , etc. . I typically create one off labels , not mailing lists or batch lable jobs . I also frequently switch between label rolls and this is a pretty easy and fast process . I use this printer from multiple workstations on a single network . There is a driver on Brother 's website that will allow you to install the printer driver for network usage . It uses Window File & Print sharing.UPDATE
 Works great , but was a hassle . Just make sure you install the latest software from the brother website if you have an intel-based mac.Sweet printer though !
 First off , the machine works fantastic . Install the software . Plug in the machine , turn it on , and connect the USB cable . So far , so good . The problem is finding the desired label template . I loaded big shipping labels and I needed a layout that had a separate area for my return address . Then for every new address I should get a label with my return address and a blank space to enter that of the recipient . After half an hour I finally figured out a way to make a the label I wanted but I 'm doing something wrong but I 'm too impatient to devote more time to figure it out . When I need to make a new label I have to first delete the previous address . I only make a few a week so that 's no big deal . Seems to me the problem is this
 I had to replace my two year old Dymo because it stopped powering up . I only use the label maker for home use -LRB- Holiday cards , etc. -RRB- , so it was not overworked.I decided to go with the Brother after reading about other folks with similar issues with the Dymo . While the Brother is slightly larger than the Dymo , it prints much quicker and the software is so much more advanced than the Dymo . It was easy to install and the software has n't caused any glitches with any other programs -LRB- the Dymo affected my MS Word -RRB- . It comes with a broader variety of templates , clip art , and symbols than the Dymo as well.The main disadvantage for me is that the Dymo was compatible with the Palm OS . You could print directly from the Palm Desktop using a Dymo icon . However , for $ 25.00 , I bought software that transferred all my Palm contacts into MS Outlook Contacts in about 5 seconds . With the savings on the Brother vs. the Dymo -- I am still way ahead .
 A decent label printer at a great price . I was looking for something to print labels from a linux system . The drivers were supposed to support the QL500 . If you get a newer version of CUPS it is supported . The printer is afforadable but the labels are quite expensive . I have seen some black market labels recently for less.All and all I am satisfied with the QL500 for my occasional usage . Works with Linux prints fast and affordable .
 Unpacked , dowloaded driver and software from Brother website . Plugged in when software said to . Installed labels . Restarted computer , started software , typed in label words , POW ! out spits a label faster than you can say `` jiminy crickets '' . Software
 I love this little machine . It interfaces with Microsoft Outlook . I can click on one of my contacts in Outlook and print a label from there with just the click of a mouse . Very cool . I can save often used labels and just click away . It is also very easy to set up new labels . I found to change the labels to be easy .
 This is one of the best purchases of hardware I have ever made . This label printer takes up little room on the desk . Its fast and responsive . I have owned it for over six months and not a single problem . The software that comes with it does more than I will ever need . The labels it uses are tough and wont smear or wash out . I cant say enough good things about the Brother P-Touch 500
 Works like a charm , produces labels quickly and flawlessly . Only drawback is the Operation is not intuitive and reading the operation guide is necessary to work out the formats . This comment is typical of a geek like me who only reads instructions as a last resort .
 I have used the label printing system every single day since I received it . It was so easy to use that I started updating the labels on all the file cabinet drawers in the office and have already gone through a whole roll of labels in less than a month ! This is one office accessory that you will learn very quickly you can not live without .
 I 've had this printer for about 3 months now and I love it ! I 've always hated printing labels on sheets - always had problems lining up and it was very tedious . I 've tossed all of those now . This prints amazingly quickly . Even now , I still ca n't believe it how fast it prints . It saves a tremendous amount of time and is very simple to use . Set up was a breeze . I purchased mine on sale at Staples . It was in a bundle with a portable labeler which I take with me on jobs . They now have this model with an automatic cutter , but I 'm not sure if this convenience is worth the extra $ .
 Extremely easy to set up and install . Once installed , the PTouch Editor makes creating custom labels extremely easy.The results are clean , legible and very professional . Copy from most any screen via the screen capture function.All in all , it does exactly what I need it to do without any fuss . Unusual these days.Cheers , M. RobinsonNYC
 Works great . I bought my wife one for Christmas and after setting it up for her , I had to have one for my business . Most cost effective labeling solution I 've ever used . Easy to setup . The contact management software easily imported all of my address book entries and automatically formated the data to fit the type of labels you are using .
 I bought this machine because I wanted one that would take a variety of sizes and work with my computer . I have used a stand-alone Brother P-touch label maker in the past , and it served me well for 10 years . So I trust their products and was ready to upgrade.I like the fact that it accepts labels of varying width and format . They are easily interchangeable . The software is easy to use and allows me to make labels that are business-like or creative . In addition , it allows me to save addresses that I use frequently . It is more convenient that using a sheet of labels , when you only need one . The continuous film-tape labels are waterproof , and good for labeling some of my craft items , such as home-made soap & lotions.As much as I like it , I do find it a bit bulky and wish it was powered off the USB cable , rather than a separate cord . And I did run into a slight problem with the software . The included disk was good for Windows XP , but not Vista . I called Brother Tech support . They were quite helpful , and directed me to the Brother website , from which I downloaded the correct software . Once having done so , everything worked fine . On the whole , this is a very good product .
 The Brother P-Touch QL-500 is a quick and easy way to neatly label just about anything . Cartridge changes are fairly easy , the software is intuitive , and the labels produced are attractive and useful . It is a wonderful alternative to feeding sheets through a laser jet , as you may do as many or as few labels as you like , and the device is always connected and ready to go . The labels are a little pricey , but not so much so as to outweigh the convenience .
 I love the Brother P-Touch QL-500 Manual-Cut PC Label Printing System . The price was super . I could n't be happier . It has resulted in marked improvement in my filing and addressing work!L S in Dundee
 Brother P-Touch QL-500 Manual-Cut PC Label Printing SystemI purchased this simply because it was so inexpensive but have been very pleased with it . It is larger than the printer I had before -LRB- ca n't remember the brand -RRB- and takes a little longer to print a new label because you have to add the address to a database rather than just directly to the labeler but it is easier to load the label rolls and has much more versatility for doing different kinds of labels . I recommend it .
 East to use , the labels seem to be water resistant and printing is sharp . Software is self explanatory and once you have used it it gets easier .
 This is an excellent product that does what you want it to do easily and efficiently . It is well designed so that different types of labels can be removed and inserted correctly in seconds.It makes it much easier to get organized and stay organized
 The product is of adequate quality , but is not as sturdy as it should be . It was worth the $ 7 , but definitely not worth the mfg. suggested price of $ 24 . The top shelf does not sit straight . Therefore I have to place something heavy on it in order to keep the shelf lying down flat . I 'm okay with my purchase buy now awed about it .
 Having collected tons of business cards , I decided to get an organizer for them . This one in particular is great . The pouches can be used for one card with a front and back , or two cards back-to-back . The slim design does n't take up much room and is a lot more organized than a drawer full of random business cards . I will probably get a few more ...
 I bought this phone soley because it had the two main features that I wanted , Caller ID and a speaker in the base . I did n't realize till after I received it that also had a speaker in the handset which was a real added bonus . I recently spent two hours on the phone with technical assistance for a computer problem and the handset speaker allowed me to use the speaker phone while going to different parts of my home to obtain the information required by tech assistance . It works like a charm .
 This is the best telephone purchase I 've ever made . Besides the fact that it 's cordless , you can also program the other handsets simultaneously by using the global feature . Only the main base needs to be plugged into a phone jack . The other handsets operate by just plugging them into an AC outlet . This is a replacement base that is compatible with my other two handsets .
 I really , really love this phone . Only concern is the clarity , but in all honesty , I 'm pretty sure it 's the fact that we have Vonage that is sound seems `` far away . '' I would buy this phone again in a heartbeat !
 I write a great deal and was getting signs of repeated stress injury -LRB- RSI -RRB- until I started using the Sensa pens exclusively . They mold to your hand and are a good writing tool . There are many different models , but the Cloud 9 is the lightest weight and very comfortable to hold . I wo n't use any other pen .
 These are by far my favorite pen ! It is hard for me to use any other . They are so comfortable to write with ! They are quality pens and usually very expensive . I was so excited to find them on Amazon for a fraction of the price :-RRB- I kind of went crazy !! Highly recommended !
 This is a great pen . It writes well , has a smooth flow , and feels nice in the hand . I would highly recommend thiese pens .
 This is a nice little pen for the money . I particularly enjoy the mauve metallic flake color -LRB- not as garish as it might sound -RRB- . It 's comfortable to write with and the ink flows well . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because it 's a medium point and I prefer a fine point -LRB- a personal thing -RRB- .
 Thie is a wonderful Hi-Quality Product !! I am very happy with my new mousepad !!
 I 'm pretty satisfied with this phone for the price . -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- The phone is small and a nice design . My main purpose for purchasing the phone was for the intercom and it works great . You can call either handset without bothering the other person . You can also program the directory and share with all handsets , you do n't have to program each phone . You can also check messages with all handsets . Multiple ringer selection . All handsets also have a speakerphone . Overall , I have 3 phones -LRB- + base -RRB- , intercom , monitor and an answering machine all in one .
 I have owned 4 Uniden phone systems in the last 15 years or so and have had great success with them , so I purchased this system for my parents . They have owned it for a year now and they love it ... no problems so far and it has good range too . Highly recommended .
 The units work well as long as you do n't have computer range extender .
 I live in a 5 rooms house and this cordless system solved my problem of answering a call and forward it to the called people . Excellent !
 Very good product . The features provided are good vis-a-vis the price . No problems faced so far .
 Very happy with this phone system . dont have any problems with using any of the handsets .
 mom is 88 years old and i programmed all oof the important phone number for her so now she can call anyone at anytime by pushing the buttom . great phone and product !
 I purchased this phone for my mother who has dementia . She had some difficulty understanding how it worked at first but it did work well for her once she got the hang of it . I would have rated it with 5 stars but the area for the photos is small . I think it would be better with larger photo area and smaller key pad .
 I purchased this telephone for my older brother who has Fragile X Syndrome . Although previously he would answer and speak on a regular telephone he was not comfortable in dialing the phone because he could not keep all the numbers in order . Since our mother is no longer in the family home with him , it became imperative for him to be able to use the phone so that he could call in case of an emergency and simply to be able to telephone others . This phone has been a lifesaver . Not only does my brother feel comfortable in calling for assistance , it has also proven to have helped him with his level of independence and over-all confidence . I highly recommend it !
 I purchased this phone for my 85 year old mother-in-law . She was having difficulty remembering how to dial our number . What I like most about the phone is that you can program phone numbers into it and then she only needed to push one button for each person that she called . The buttons are large and you can put pictures/words of the person directly on the push button so there is no confusion how to call . It also has a volume button if you are hard of hearing . This is a great phone and inexpensive as well . Highly recommend .
 The phone works advertised and despite the absence of a rotary dial my 90 + parents use it .
 I purchased this for my Grandmother , she 's getting older and was having trouble answering the phone and dialing out , the amplified ringer worked great for her hearing and the big customizable speed dial buttons were a great help . She never had to worry about dialing , just touch the picture of the person she wanted to call and be in touch with them .
 Bought this phone for my mom who was having trouble hearing her old phone ring . This phone has great ring tone and hearing volume as well . Nice big numbers and the photo spots had a nice touch . Great phone
 I bought this phone for my mom . She loves it . It 's easy to use and very loud . Finally my mom can hear us . The only issue she had with the phone is that she has to manually increase the volume each time . A better feature would have been that the volume would have stayed as adjusted previously . She tends to forget what button to push to increase the volume at a later date.Over all , she loves the phone.Thanks , Sean
 I bought this large button memory phone with sound amplification for my folks and my aunt , all over 90 years of age . The one button memory dialing -LRB- 9 buttons available -RRB- and the handset sound amplification were the primary reasons for the purchase . The price from Amazon was fair and the product works as advertised .
 Mom has poor eyesight as well as being hard of hearing . Would have been nice if the amplifier for the receiver could be set to stay on so that button would not have to be pushed each call . A small picture is not of much value for the vision impared . A set of the alphabet with letters large enough for each space might be a nice touch . Mom has to feel for the correct button and remember which is who . Still she really likes the one touch feature .
 MY MOM IS HAVING PROBLEMS WITH HER MEMORY . IT GOT TO THE POINT WERE SHE WAS N'T CALLING ANYONE . NOW SHE JUST PRESSES THE NAME -LRB- WE DID N'T INSERT ANY PICTURES , YET -RRB- AND SHE GETS WHO SHE WANTED . IT 'S GREAT THAT SHE DOES N'T HAVE TO PUSH MORE THAN ONE BUTTON . THE ONLY THING IT DOES N'T HAVE IS A SPEAKER WHICH COULD HAVE COME IN HANDED .
 Without this phone , my mother , who is 90 and in a nursing home , would not be able to make calls to her family.My mother suffers partial memory loss and hand tremors , some vision impairment . She is not able to dial regular numbers , but is able to push the one button needed on this phone to make a call . The night light -LRB- which comes on when the phone rings -RRB- and volume adjustments are all very helpful .
 I purchased this phone for my mother who is 89 . It is perfect for her . It has large easy to see and easy to push numbers . The memory auto dial has the option of placing pictures of the person being called beneath the button , so she does not have to read a name or remember which number goes with which person . I have placed my picture and the picture of my two brothers each under a selected button and programed the respective button with the number for that person . Of course there is the autodial button to push for an emergency ~ it is lit at all times with a small red light . For the hard of hearing , there are a varity of settings for the ring volume and the handset volume -LRB- ear piece -RRB- . In addition , when the phone rings a red light across the entire base of the phone flashes , alerting the hard of hearing person that the phone is ringing . The phone is solid , well made , easy to use and has a clear crisp sound for the listener . I would highly recommend this phone for the elderly , sight or hearing impaired , or a mentally/physically handicapped person who finds using a regular phone difficult .
 We bought this phone for our 4-year-old daughter , so that , if one of us is home alone with her and becomes incapacitated , she can call the other -LRB- or the police , or her grandparents -RRB- for help . -LRB- She knows numbers and has dialed phone numbers for us before , but , when we did a test run , we realized that it just takes too long for her to find the 10 digits ; -- and that was without the fear and panic of an actual emergency . -RRB- Anyway , I was a little hesitant when I read the reviews that mentioned how loud the ringer is . When I took the phone out of the box , I was happy to see that I could turn the ringer off . If you or the person for whom you 're buying the phone has other phones in the house and does n't have to rely on this phone 's ringer , turning off the ringer may be a good option.I 've only had the phone for a matter of hours , so I ca n't speak to its longevity or quality . About all that I can say is that it was easy to set up and program . There 's a warning label on the receiver about how loud the voices are . I 've only tried it with the volume knob slid all the way to the lowest setting , and , at that setting , it 's not too loud for the non-hearing impaired .
 I was a little skeptical about purchasing this product based on other reviews that cited technical snafus , but since my need for big buttons as well as big speed dial buttons outweighed the potential problems , I bought it and it has worked for my mother exactly as described .
 This phone has been wonderful . It has enabled my mom , who is in a nursing home and has Alzheimer 's , to be able to have a phone and call myself and my brother who lives out of state . She says `` they can take anything but do n't ever take away my phone '' . I put pictures in the memory spots so she does n't have to think about anything , all she has to do is press our pictures . I 'm so happy that I found this , It 's truly been life changing for my Mom !
 This telephone has really helped my elderly father . He especially likes the ` light up ' feature when the phone rings . Also , he can increase the volume to where he can hear it . After pricing other similar phones , I was leary because of the relative inexpensive price ; I think it is quality equipment .
 This phone is not a bad product at all . It works well and is easy to use . The overall quality is decent . The only thing that annoys me is the handset does not sit in the body of the phone very well even when used as a desktop phone . It is easy to knock the handset off . You need to place the handset with care or it will fall off . Otherwise , a decent , simple phone .
 This phone seems to be perfect for older folks . It works well and is well designed , but my 92 year old father still had trouble pushing the buttons - just physical frailty . Who would of thought that pushing buttons was a difficult task ?
 I ordered this phone for my 80 something parents . The large buttons make dialing easy . The picture button option was especially important for my dad who has some memory problems with numbers . Easy to program and set up . The amplification was great and easy to turn on .
 This phone has given my husband , who has Alzheimers , independence . He now can call his folks , his friend , or my cell with a simple touch . I also love the phone which is perfect to use with or without my hearing aids . I just press a button for amplification . The ringer also can be adjusted . I 'm thinking of purchasing multiple units . Downside ? We are so used to portables , the earpiece cord is n't long enough to go very far from the phone itself .
 I got this phone for my mother with Alzheimers . I was hoping that using photos would be the answer as numbers are not working with her anymore . Problem is ... the place for photos is so small ... it is n't possible to put photos - so we just used their people images and wrote names underneath . Not perfect but the only phone available that is close to this . Also - too many other adjustments available - not great for alzheimers patients - they mess with other things - so I had to tape those down . There is no perfection !
 My elderly father was having trouble using his cordless phone so I got this one for him . It took less than 5 minutes to set up and it 's simple to use . The best part is you can turn the ringer and the speaker up very high . My dad loves it and now I no longer have to make calls for him . I would have given it 5 stars but I wish it had a caller id screen on it .
 Simple to use pre-programmed buttons you can attach small head-shot photos on but I preferred to attach actual first names as easier for my mother 's impaired vision . The handset is not ergonomically comfortable on the ear unless you rotate the handset away from your mouth . The extra amplification button was a nice feature .
 purchased this for an uncle in a nursing home who was having trouble dialing out on his phone and hearing.This phone is perfect . He can now call and hear people with the push of one button . Every nursing home room should have this phone .
 Purchased for a 92 year old friend of the family who could n't hear her phone any more . Now she can hear the phone ...
 This is a great product ! I purchased it as a gift for my grandparents ... my grandmother who has a terrible time hearing can adjust this phone to hear the other person better and the photo buttons are great for my grandfather , since he ca n't see well enough to dial the numbers ... I especially like that he can hit the photo buttons in an emergency where my grandmother may not be able to help him . I did print the photos on a removable adhesive material just to ensure there was no problem with them coming back up . My only complaint is that there is no speaker phone and when amplified it get just a little scratchy . Also , just a heads up if you think you are going to program it and send it off to a relative ... it loses it 's programming when disconnected .
 I bought this phone for my Mom . . The amplification is sufficient . The amplification button has to be pushed every time a new call is answered . Overall I like the phone ... . The ringer is loud and lights up ... the buttons are large and there are plenty of options for pre programmed numbers ... It does ' t feature a caller ID option that I know of , but again I thought it was a good phone for the price . Thanks
 Purchased this phone for my 88 year old mother-in-law . The buttons and are easy for her to use and the quick dial for family makes it easier to contact us .
 Mom is 90years old and in assisted living . This phone is so helpful . We put family members and doctors on speed dial . She can adjust the tone and volume of ring , also the volume of the callers voice . The light on the bottom of the phone lights up and flashes when phone is ringing .
 Bought this for my parents and set it up for them . It was exactly what they needed -- auto dialing and volume control .
 Great for my 93 yr old grandmother . I printed pictures of the top people she calls and it is a lifesaver - she loves the fact that all she has to do is press the picture . This is my 2nd phone - I bought one for her home over 5 yrs ago and now one for mine for when she stays with me . no more having to look up a number and dialing it incorrectl . Fantastic invention !
 I bought it for my mother . A big smile lit up her face the first time she talked on this phone . She 's used it for a few days now and I asked her if the ringer was too loud and if the buttons were too hard to use properly . She preferred the loudness of the ringer -LRB- she can hear it ring even when she 's working in the kitchen -RRB- and she had no problems with using the buttons.These positive reviews have come after only a few days of use.However , if anything goes wrong in the future I 'll update this review . If there 's no update , you can assume it 's working fine .
 I bought this phone for my 90 year old mother who could not manage to dial the phone numbers on the land line any more , which isolated her . -LRB- She has Alzheimers . -RRB- Now she can push one button and it dials any of the nine numbers programmed into it . I only wish it had capability to store more numbers ! She has limited ability to reach over to use the phone due to arthritis , so she picks it up and holds the phone in her lap . This is her main complaint . -LRB- She does not like picking up the entire phone , which is happening due to her limited mobility . -RRB- I like the sliding volume adjustment and she is hearing well . I recommend this phone for elderly parents who can not dial regular phone numbers any more , such as those with Dementia or Alzheimers . She has been using the phone for a month and it is going well !
 This phone really helped my father , who has severe dementia , be able to dial out to friends and family . It comes with lots of icons that you can use and a template to help you make your own . -LRB- I actually used the template to make my own with images of the people to help Dad , who barely can keep people straight by names alone.My only complaint is that I thought the speed dial image buttons would be more button-like . That area is actually pretty flat , instead of individualized raised buttons like I thought it would be . The small issue with this is that it makes it slightly harder to visually distinguish between the areas and you have to push harder than you should in the center of the icons to make a call . I would prefer these to be actual buttons like the numbers below so it 's easier for people with physical issues . I could n't really tell the difference in sound quality , but perhaps that 's because I do n't have hearing issues . The ringer and sound on the phone was definitely louder than a normal phone though!Overall , very happy with this product , especially at such a reasonable price . My father was very happy to be able to have an easier way to call those closest to him since his dementia prevents him from being able to look people up in the phone book and dial their number that way . It really helped him feel less isolated when he was in his home with a caregiver . And he got a click at how clever the technology was . Now that we 've moved him in to a memory assisted living unit , we took the phone with him so he can continue to feel like it 's easy to get in contact with those in the `` outside world . `` My father 's delight and slightly increased feeling of independence made this well worth every penny . If he would have stayed in the house , we would have bought one for every phone jack .
 I purchased this phone for my 92 year old grandfather who has poor eye sight and mainly , memory loss . On this phone , I was able to put photos of family members that he can just press and the phone dials them . I like that it is NOT CORDLESS because he usually forgets to put a cordless phone back on the charger and then he ca n't hear anyone calling in . I do like the large buttons , and the ability to control the volume on the ear piece . I DO wish it had speakerphone , but that was for my use !! Overall , it 's a great phone and I 'm very glad that I have it in my grandfather 's apartment . I have confidence that a phone rings now and that he ca n't lose the phone somewhere in the house ! In addition , he can call other family members without having to remember phone numbers or use a address book ! Great product !
 I bought this phone for my elderly mom . she loves it because it is easy to dial , the sound is great too .
 Easy to setup , easy to use , esp . for seniors . Sound quality is good . A bit flimsy , but that 's how things are made these days . If the phone included a software template for the photos I would have rated with 5 stars . Good thing I have a photo editing program .
 Bought this phone for my father in law who is hard of hearing and has limited vision . It has all the right features but the `` audio amplification '' button is tough to see for those with poor vision . Other than that , it meets the special needs we had for a phone at a low price
 I ordered this phone for my father , who has Parkinson 's Disease as well as hearing loss and some mild dementia . A phone that is simple to use is a MUST for him , and the picture/auto dial feature is a life saver ! He can now call us without having to ask for help , which makes him feel good . The amplifier is great - yes , it has to be pressed every time you use the phone , but it 's easy to find and with a little prompt from me , he presses it and hears VERY clearly.I would wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone looking for an assistive phone for a loved one .
 Exelent produt , spscially for the ederly and `` thir age '' users.My only complaint is that the picture frames are too small in order to insert a reasonable quality picture .
 I got this phone for my dad who had trouble remembering phone numbers . He now calls anytime he wants , maybe that is not a good feature ? He can not hear high pitched rings so the ringer tone adjustment is nice . The amplified volume button has to be manually turned on for each phone call . I often have to remind him to turn it on when he can not hear me . It helps amplify the call but is not exceptionally loud . Overall the phone is great for the price . I would expect to pay 100 for something similar .
 this phone is perfect for my grandmother who has a hard time Seeing things . the photo dialing is the best function along with the one touch 911the only issue is as you are programing the phone it actually dials the number you are programing in ... . call your non emergency police number and let them know youre programing the phone so when it dials 911 theyre expecting u
 I was looking for a phone for my 87 y.o. dad who has good enough hearing , but can not see well . I had a hard time finding a phone without an answering machine , multiple lines , caller id , etc. . All of those things would make the phone too confusing for him to use . All I wanted was a phone that had large buttons and speed dial . This phone is perfect . I like the fact that the speed dial buttons are large as well . I programmed the speed dial numbers for him and he is a happy camper . With the new rules requiring 10 digit dialing , the speed dial is essential !
 My dad recently came to live with us . He is completely deaf in one ear and not too much better in the other . This works great . He talks to all of his friends and family with very few what did you says .
 My parents are elderly & my father can use this phone . The buttons worked as they were supposed to on set-up . Very easy process . I was pleasantly surprised that it worked as easily as advertised .
 Excellent choice for people that are in need of more than just a regular phone when you have hearing problems !!! We have one of these mounted on the wall in the kitchen and my wife Loves it since she wears hearing ads and this phone is in fact for people like her with hearing problems . You have nine places you can post a picture of the person/s you call the most , then program that Picture/button for that phone number , so all you need to do is press that picture to call that person , sure makes it nice when your in a hurry !!
 My husband has frontotemporal dementia . It is a type of dementia that affects his ability to remember numbers -LRB- i.e. phone numbers -RRB- as well as communication skills . The Ameriphone has provided a freedom to me by allowing me to leave him alone for short periods of time knowing that he can reach our children as well as `` 911 '' if needed.In addition , I feel much more comfortable knowing that if anything should happen to me here in the house , he will have a way of summoning Emergency Personnel quickly by simply pushing the `` 911 '' emergency button on the phone.I highly recommend this phone to older folks who need assurance that appropriate peole can be reached with a minimum of effort .
 The buttons are very large and easy to find . The fact that you can put a photo over the button for easy recognition is great . You just pick up the receiver and push one button and you are connected to the number . My mother is 95 years old and can now independently call those closest to her with no difficulty .
 The amplication and easy photo speed dial made a big difference for my mother . Because of a slight hearing loss and an inability to dial a long number successfully , she has been cut off from some family members . Now , she pushes one button and reaches the person she wants and can hear what they are saying . Very happy with the purchase .
 My mother is 94 and likes this phone . She especially likes the memory feature with the photos .
 Easy to set up and very practical for use by a bedridden elderly person . Using photo images of relatives and care takers a single touch will dial the appropriate programmed number .
 I bought this for my mother , who is vision and hearing impaired . We both love that with the large picture buttons , she no longer needs to wait for me to dial for her.The sound quality is crisp , and she loves the volume boost button for actually being able to hear her soft spoken friends and relatives.Even if it turns out to be less than durable -LRB- we have had it a little over a month -RRB- , I would buy it again at this price for the indepedence it provides my mom , and me .
 Purchased for an older relative who had great difficulty making a phone call after it became necessary to dial `` 1 '' and the area code each time a phone call was made . Now all she has to do is push the button for the person she wishes to call . Much simpler .
 Mom is living with Alzeheimers - normal speed dial was challenging - the picture feature here is great for her . Easy to set up - larger than we 'd have liked but features do take space
 We bought this phone to replace an older large button phone which was gradually losing receiver volume . This phone has been wonderful for my wife who is in a nursing home , and has vision problems . The one-button auto dial feature is ideal for her , and the sound quality is excellent . I would recommend this phone to anyone with similiar needs .
 I purchased this phone for my elderly mother who has problems with her vision as well as tremors in her hands . The big buttons are easy for her to see and dial without hitting the wrong key . The stored numbers feature is another plus because she can simply hit one button to call the people she calls most often . The previous big button phone she had also had that feature but the buttons used for the stored numbers were tiny which basically defeated the purpose . I also like the white color of the phone offset by the black buttons with big white numbers ! These buttons are also bigger than her previous big button phone . The one feature it lacks is a lighted keypad when you pick up the receiver . Great buy overall !
 So far -LRB- 1 to 2 months -RRB- , this is a great solution to a communication problem that I had with my mother , who lives across the country in an assisted-living facility . Each time I called she would have a hard time hearing me because the standard phone that she was provided did not amplify my voice enough . My mom is not great with buttons and confusing features on things . I wanted a basic phone unit that amplified audio and had large touchpad buttons , without all of the other features that most units were sold with . This Clarity unit did the trick . There is a single slider adjustment that lets her increase the volume when I call . Done . Now she actually hears and understands my words when I call . So far , very good .
 The phone arrived very quickly and was very easy to program . We purchased it because my husband has dementia and can no longer dial a phone . With this phone he just pushes the photo of the person he is calling and he is connected , so it 's working very well for him .
 This phone was purchased for people in their 80 's and it is working fairly well for them.The ringer button on the right side of the phone caused problems for a day or two as when you move the phone it is very easy to slide this button to off which then the phone blinks red when it is ringing but if you do n't see well it is hard to see that.Other than that the volume of the ring and the voice volume is very good .
 This phone has come in extremely handy for my grandmother , whom it was purchased for . She now has much less trouble hearing when she is talking on the phone and the person she 's talking to does n't have to speak loudly or repeat themselves .
 Panasonic is good ! Phone works great . Easy to use with head phone or just put on speaker . Just push orange button and set it down .
 I 've had many phones in the past both at home and at work but these have proven to be superior . I knew these phones were a great product since they were purchased for work and upon using them for a lengthly amount of time I knew I wanted to purchase them for my home use . I 've had them now for about a year and have n't been disappointed . They have good clarity and wonderful features . I would definitely recommend them and purchase them again if I need be .
 The razer mouse pad is great , I am using it with the newer logitech G5 mouse and it is the best mouse pad I have ever used . The only downside is you have to keep it really clean or the mouse wont pick up as well , but other than that its awesome and great for gaming .
 Sturdy , cool-looking mousepad . You wo n't have any problems with this if you pick it up . Do n't spend more than this on anything fancier . You wo n't get better performance or design for your $ $ .
 Finding a nice white trackpad is not easy . I wanted something to match my white computer speakers and aluminum Apple Cinema Display and Apple keyboard . The Razer ProSolutions Pro was the perfect choice . And most importantly , it is a super responsive mousepad that will not budge an inch on my glass computer table . I use this in conjunction with a Logitech Revolution mouse . Excellent trackpad .
 I 've had this mousepad for about 4 years now . It 's the best mousepad I 've ever bought . I 'm 27 and I 've gone through a lot of them since my early teens . Typically , mousepads come and go . This one has seen some small amount of discoloration , but all in all I 'm amazed with how well it 's held up.You get to choose between two surfaces which vary greatly in terms of traction and responsiveness -LRB- which is nice for different types of mice -RRB- and it 's oversized . I really do n't know what else you could ask for out of a mousepad . It 's sturdy , thick , and the base has the most solid construction of any mousepad I 've ever seen . Both sides of the pad provide equally awesome tracking . Choosing the right one comes down to preference.Ignore the bad reviews for this product and pull the trigger . It 's a no brainer .
 The razor mouse pad is the perfect addition to your Razor mouse . I have owned multiple Razor mice and have had nothing but amazing results . I found about the Razor mouse products back in the old Counter Strike days , now I work in the CAD \ CAM Design field and its the only way to go . I see the complaints on here are coming from people using Logitech products . That 's probably the problem .
 I have been on a search for a desk that would fit my needs and the small space that I have for a desk . This desk was the perfect size , looks great , and fit my needs.I have a 42 inch LCD in my office for playing video games and watching Netflix and other video as well as a 19 inch LCD for doing pretty much everything else . I needed a desk that would work with my displays , but I also wanted some space for my headphone amp and assorted other things . This desk fit the bill!The desk comes in a few pieces , but if you can handle the size of each piece it is faily easy to put together -LRB- I think it took about thirty minutes from start to finish -RRB- . I am not sure why they call it mocha cherry , but it is more mocha than cherry.I also bought theACCESSORY UNIVERSAL KEYBOARD SHELF . Fortunately , the desk comes with pre-drilled holes for the shelf and it only takes a few minutes to attach it . I also bought a 3-Drawer Rolling Mesh Cart that fits under the desk . The 19 inch monitor is attached to the desk with aErgotron 45-174-300 Neo-Flex LCD Arm-Extension Grommet Desk Mount . Since the back of the desk has a small ledge , it is very easy to attach the mount.I am very happy with this desk . If you have a large monitor and want the desk in a corner , I think it is just about perfect . -LRB- I included a picture of the desk with the monitors , headphone amp , etc. . -RRB-
 THIS IS A REALLY GREAT PHONE.ITS SO HELPFUL SINCE ITS CORDLESS.THE ANSWERING MACHINE IS REALL EASY TO USE.THE RINGTONES TO THE PHONE IS AWSOME , MY FRIENDS LOVE THEM.AND THE BEST PART IS THAT IT CAN CHANGE THE FACE PLATE . THE ONLY THING THAT IS WRONG WITH IT IS THAT ITS NOT THAT EDUCATIONAL.I 'LL DEFINETLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE
 Every time we give this gift , the boy or girl just loves it , plus it is something different.The cash box makes a great gift .
 Product came in good condition with fast shipping . Good lock box for child.Just the right size to fit in childs room easy .
 I bought this for my 11 and 6 year old boys so they would have a place that they could safley store there money . I love that if the key is lost that are still able to open the box by combination . The box is sturdy made of metal . Would purchase again as a gift .
 My grandson loves the cash box as I filled it with an assortment of coins , both foreign and domestic . He just loves counting the coins and looking at them .
 Child was thrilled with cash box ; however , it came with no instructions . We could not figure out if the combination part was just for looks or if it worked . Since there was no combination or paper work , we assumed it was just `` for fun and served no function .
 I have had it in my HP LJ 2200 without any problems for the last 2 months . All the printouts have been clear and no toner dust or ghosting . I will likely buy this again for the next replacement , the price is way better than the HP brand .
 Bought toner cartridges from Databazaar a second time and was not disappointed in the timely manner that I received them . The cartridges are working great on my HP laserjet printer . Have read on prior submissions from others on how they may have had an issue with Databazaar on their shipping or the workings of the toner . I took a chance because of the low price and so far have not gone wrong in my choice of seller . Will continue to buy from them unless something does not go the right way .
 OEM cartridges for HP LaserJet printers are `` pricey '' to say the least . I 've used Xerox replacement cartridges on many occasions and find them to be equal to the OEM cartridge at a much more realistic price . I highly recommend this product from Xerox .
 I was so surprised at the price , delivery time and quality of the product that I immediately ordered a second cartridge to have on hand . Nothing like two quality Xerox laser cartridges for the price of one HP cartridge . After all , did n't Xerox invent the technology that HP uses in its printers ? This reseller does Amazon proud
 This cartridge looks and acts in every way exactly like the original HP cartridge . It includes a box , label and free shipping for the old cartridge if you wish to have it recycled -LRB- and that 's the green thing to do -RRB- . Print quality in indistinguishable from the original.This is a great way to go for those who want to save money without stooping an obscure brand .
 Works just like the original , is cheap , and has a free recycling shipping label . Get it .
 Used these letters for a QA poster presentation . Eye catching , quality paper , easy to use ... would have been nice to find them in 3 inch size .
 Uniden products have become the best choice for cordless phones today , IMHO . You charge this additional handset and it automatically registers itself into your existing Uniden phone system . Just make sure that you check the compatability on Uniden 's website , as there are some handset options .
 I love this phone ! It actually makes my life easier -LRB- individual rings for special people , great caller ID features -RRB- . Only drawback is that it 's not so great too far from the base , but I can live with that .
 I have four extra handsets with this system and they all work great . I do n't use all of the many features that are available -LRB- like walkie talkie -RRB- , but what I do use works . I have a large back yard and the signal reaches over 100 ' just fine . I like that you can check the messages from any handset . And I like the speaker phone feature on each handset . It is nice to be able to move about without the phone pressed to your ear when you are on hold for an eternity.I also have a Linksys wireless home network and this phone does not seem to interfear with it .
 Uniden engineers/designers need to be congratulated on making the set up so easy . Just pop in the battery , charge and place in the base station for a few minutes.The phone itself is full of features and looks cool . One of the few phones without a visible aerial . -LRB- GE also has one but looks & feels cheap & plasticky -RRB- . If the designers are reading this then I have one recommendation for improvement - if you could make the software such that we could nickname the phones individually it would make it easy to transfer incoming calls around the house without remembering that Handset 4 is located in the study .
 Very easy to use and quite intuitive setup . Extremely clear reception and transmission . Good looking with multiple helpful features beside the telephone ; intercom , handset to handset ; monitor . Very highly recommended .
 I had to find a way to factory reset this used device first as it was still setup to connect to the original base station . I think the seller could have done that and saved me the hour to figure this out by myself . Other than that the device works nicely . Even the battery is still in good condition .
 nice phone . . not sure how long the batteries have lasted ... 4 years maybe ? But after . . it 's time for a new phone . Good but disposable .
 We just added another one of these onto our TRU8800 system . We now have the base and three extension headsets - two of which are TCX800s . I am not sure what to say about these other than they work really well , have great range and almost zero interference . The charge lasts forever and anybody can pick up the phone any use it - they do n't need instructions.The phonebook only has 26 or so entries , but that is fine . The ability to send phonebooks from one headset to another is great . You can also use intercom from one to another - and each can been asigned a custom name - ie . kitchen , bedroom , den , etc.Sound quality is great and you can even set it to use a really low key ringer that is not disturbing .
 I bought two additional for my Uniden TRU8860-2 which included two Uniden TCX800 handsets . Fast shipping and works great .
 I purchased the TCX880 for this to work with . Very Happy except having to program all 5 phones individually , with numbers .
 This is a solid phone with back-lit buttons , 5.8 signal and a functional speaker and intercom . You ca n't beat it for expansion -LRB- up to 10 handsets -RRB- and price -LRB- under $ 30 -RRB- . The voice is clear and it holds a charge for quite a while . How can you go wrong !
 The phone arrived on time and in good condition , but it did not include the belt clip that suppose to come with the new phone handsets .
 I have liked the phone ever since I bought it - great product ! I have 5 cordless handsets and they work great !
 I just purchased this phone to add to an existing three phone system we have . we have had the original three for a couple years and love thme . No problems at all , ever ! The set is comfortable , clear , long battery life , etc. . . only good things to say !
 This unit was purchased to replace a lost phone . We bought the original system , with answering maching and three phones , in 2004 . Excellent quality/reception .
 I ordered additional handsets because the price of the phones were only slightly more than replacement batteries . I have had these phones for a couple of years and the batteries needed replacing so rather than buying replacement batteries , I purchased the entire phone . They work very well and I have been very satisfied . The additional handsets will come in handy anyway .
 The Uniden 5.8 GHz cordless phone , for which this handset is an add-on , is the best cordless phone system I have ever owned . The voice quality is excellent . When I call my house , I can not tell when my wife is talking on this phone compared to a wired phone . When I bought the base system , I was so impressed right away that I went back to the store and bought this extra handset to go with it . Battery life is good , the speaker phone capability works very well , and the handset is easy to set up right out of the box . Because this phone works on 5.8 GHz instead of 2.4 GHz , there is no interference with my 802.11 g wireless network -LRB- note that 802.11 a wireless networks , if you have one , DO use the same band as this phone and might produce interference . 802.11 a is a much less common wireless network though . -RRB- If I had to list any nits with this phone , it is that the `` Talk '' button is too easy to activate accidentally , like when the phone falls between the sofa cushions . Overall though , I highly recommend this handset . One interesting note -- you can use a pair of these handsets to communicate with each other . Just for fun , we tried that at a shopping mall . The range is not as great as with an FRS or GMRS radio because the frequency is higher and the power is lower , but we managed to communicate across maybe half the mall . Outdoors the range would be considerably more . This review is based on owning this handset for more than two years now ; it has held up well over that time .
 I purchased this handset to add a phone in an extra bedroom . It worked perfectly right out of the box .
 While the description says this is for 8800 series phones , note that the TRU8866 2-line phone requires the TCX860 handset .
 Bought two of these to go with my 8860 base , -LRB- total of four -RRB- and the Vonage internet phone service . The Uniden phones are the best I 've ever used for clarity and no interference , -LRB- wev ' e had over a dozen phones in the last couple of years -RRB- works out great with the Vonage service too !
 Just in response to a previous poster - you indeed can `` name '' each handset . Under `` menu , '' go to `` handset setup , '' and then `` banner . '' I 've named mine by room -LRB- i.e. `` Office '' -RRB- . After naming each handset , once you press `` intercom , '' it will give you the banner name you 've chosen as well as the handset number as an option for calling other extentions.Uniden did think of everything . I 've replaced my fairly new Panasonic 5.8 GHZ mulitple handset system with this one and it no longer sounds to my friends and family as if I am making calls from a busy train station . Crystal clear . Also am thrilled with the possibility of having up to 10 handsets !
 I have had trouble with other cordless phones in the past so I did a lot of comparing and shopping before buying the Uniden TRU8860-2 which includes two Uniden TCX800 handsets . I am very pleased . I gave them a good trial for a month before buying more . It has been six months now and I have seven handsets , the system can handle up to ten.First of all these phones sound great , both to me and to the people on the other end . Even the speakerphone sounds normal , not like you are calling from a barrel in a foreign country . The range is very good , I can talk clearly from anywhere in my large house and anywhere outside in my kind of small city lot . I have n't tried to see how far the maximum range is . I do not have any problems with my wireless home network either since these phones are 5.8 GHz . Most 2.4 GHz phones interfere with wireless networks which are also 2.4 GHz.The feature set on these phones is very respectable . You can name each handset , which is great when you use the intercom feature or for transfering calls to another handset . You can also use two handsets like walkie-talkies without tying up the phone line at all . You can use this feature anywhere , even camping , since it is not dependant on the base unit . They also have a baby monitor feature for evesdropping on babies or anyone else for that matter . And there is a call privacy feature if you do n't want any other handsets to be able to pick up and join your conversation . They have a plug in for a headset and a beltclip so you can run around the house flapping both arms while talking on the phone . I suppose this has other uses too.All in all these are the best phones I have ever owned . They work with several different base units too . My base unit does not have an answering system but other models do and you can access your messages from any handset in the house.I hope these handsets last forever because they do everything I want from a phone and they do it well .
 Love these things . I have 5 handsets so far , and I 'm thinking I need two more.I set the banner on each handset to things like `` Kitchen '' , `` LivingRoom '' , `` MasterBed '' , `` Garage1 '' , etc. . Once you do that , you just hit the `` intercom '' button and the list of handsets pops up with the banner names , and you select the appropriate destination by name . Love that . Every handset can be a room monitor by a similiar function.Every handset has a speakerphone function too :-RRB- Joy . Easy to use , easy setup . great functionality .
 This hand set was easy to program and is exactly the same as the ones that come with the phone . I have the TRU 8885 but this hand set works with a number of Uniden models.Some many great features ; long battery life , battery life indicator , speaker phone -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , answering machine access , easy to read in any light , lighted keys , and more.A great addition , and well worth the money .
 Phone works well . Terrific clarity in sound . Have now installed five phones through the house and the system works very nicely . Would have liked to see some features , such as phone directories , capable of being entered once for the entire system , instead of headset by headset . Still , the phones work well as phones and the quality and clarity is as good as any other phone we 've had in the home .
 The Uniden TCX-800 is lightweight but the features are full blown . The handset speakerphone is as good as any I 've tested . Plus the Caller ID and phonebook services are really functional and make things easy on the average user . I really like the orange backlit screen on the phone too - it makes reading the numbers and information so much easier than the competitor 's products . To top things off , the sound clarity is outstanding on the handset . I feel that the connections I get with my cordless are better than what I was getting with my corded phones ! Overall , I am extremely satisfied with this product - it was well worth the money spent and capability-wise , it offered more features that its competitors ' products .
 I love this system with or huge home works everywhere upstairs downstairs in the back yard . WE also have a teenager so works great when he is upstairs in his room do n't have to yell for him pick up the phone and their is an option that i hit and it beeps his phone so he picks up and we can chat . Also the room monitor works great since we also have a small child I can pick it up and listen to see if she is awake yet . I like the long answer machine you can set it to run for up to 4 minutes for one message which works well when you have a home business the customers do n't get cut off after 30 second to a minute . Each handset also has a speaker phone so I can multitask on the phone I just sent the reciever down hit speaker and that also works great . If you have caller ID each phone can have different rings and also can be set so the phone rings differently when certain people in your phone book calls . There is 20 different ring tones on the hand set . Their is also a copy mode so you do n't have to enter the phone book individually on each handset their is a copy and send mode to send to the other handset . Their is also a transfer mode so you can transfer the call to another handset and it will ring the other handset for it to be picked up . You also can record phone calls as well . Their is no static or interferance from other electronics . A wonderful phone for the price .
 These phones are great ! I can walk all over the house , inside and out , and there is no signal degradation . I use the speaker function all the time and people can even tell they are on a speakerphone . I have four units hooked up to the base unit and they all work great !
 This system works so well that I recently purchased two more handsets -- for a total of six . It has all the features anyone would want . I especially like to use it as an intercom or as a baby monitor . The sound is great ; I have experienced no interference nor other problems . I would highly recommend this system .
 I love the way you can copy phonebook to all other phones in system , You can transfer calls to other phones , intercom to other station , use as a monitor for baby 's room and you can even use as a walkie talkie and take 2 phone to the mall and keep track of wife or kids . The only thing is the phone amplifies the signal so well -LRB- when you turn up the volume -RRB- that you hear noise on your telphone line better too ?
 Got this for to go with my base set . The features and the fact that it 5.6 mhz -LRB- so it does not interfear with my other wireless devices -RRB- is why I purchased this phone system . The sound is good . Have not tried out the range . It works in the basement , and it works fine on the same floor . I also like the walkie talkie feature .
 I had another set of wireless phones whose number keys wore out . I work from home , and use the phone almost all day long , so battery life and durability are very important to me . So far , I like this set a lot . -LRB- note , this product is just the expansion phone , you have to buy the base set seperately . -RRB- I have voice mail , so I only look for sets without answering systems , which limits the choices somewhat.One feature I 'd like in my set of phones is for them to share a single phonebook . With this set , while each phone has it 's own phonebook , you can copy the entire phonebook to another set . This is almost as good , but sort of a pain.This set has a pretty good selection of built in ring tones , and with caller ID , allows you to select special ring tones for certain callers . You can see the caller ID when on the phone if you have that feature on your line . The caller ID alert is a bit strange compared to what I was used to before -LRB- sort of a two-toned beep ... -RRB- but I 'm getting used to it.Only time will tell if these phones stand up , but they are good for now .
 Have used Uniden phones for years , always give the best of service . Quality is excellent , grandkids drop phones all the time and they never stop working .
 I ordered 2 additional handsets for my phone system and received them very quickly and the price was the best around . Thanks !
 Being a teacher , I have students who are constantly missing assignments . This product allows me to keep track of the assignments that have been turned in , but not yet graded and put into the grades database . Student names go down the left hand side , and on the top are the names of the assignments . The spaces are large enough for writing , probably about 1/2 inch for each one and give plenty of rows and columns . The spaces are large enough to perfectly hold a star sticker or the little stickers teachers give out .
 Placed order and expected a week for it to arrive but it came the next day . Thank you very excited to do business with you again .
 I needed a way to track progress for my 50 groups of kids on their science fair projects . This one fit the bill ! The only down side is that I would have liked to purchase them singly , but I am now set for the next 7 years as well ! They are not too elementary looking which was the problem that I found at my local teacher store , and they have enough lines to track larger classes/groups like we have in middle school in CA . They are perfectly sized for all little reward chart stickers I have . I definitely reccomend !
 This is a great product.Caller ID is not compatible with the european caller id system .
 This is a great product . I have n't used the fax to much yet , but do use the phone and answering machine daily . It is so easy to set up and has clear sound properties .
 This pen worked well for modifying an Intel Celeron processor to run at 4 GHz and increased voltage . The traces dried quickly , and later still came off easily with a dab of 99 % isopropyl alcohol .
 I am very happy with this product . It arrived promptly and was a great value . The circuit writer pen makes it easy to use blank bread boards . I would recommend it to anyone who works with electronics .
 I tried it on a plastic ribbon cable for a dishwasher . No luck . However , it worked great on Apple keyboard membrane traces . Was able to resurrect my favorite keyboard .
 I actually bought this item over at Radioshack for around 25 $ . It 's pretty expensive but it does the job . I used to to make a jumper on an iPhone 4 logic board for a resister that had fallen off . At first it did n't work , but I just used some isopropyl alcohol to clean it off and applied it again , this time giving it about an hour + a hair dryer to dry completely . As long as you make sure its completely dry it works Great !
 Substance flow from dispenser is not very consistent but this can save you a lot of trouble nonetheless . It 's especially useful for repairing fried traces on compact circuit boards .
 First , let me recommend buying from Micro Tools . I ordered this Friday and Monday , I 've got my order , rapid shipping and it arrived with a cool sample of Hand e Glove that I 'll try next time I pop the hood of my car . Also , the product looked as if I 'd picked it up at the store , complete with packaging . Now to my review thus far and why I 'm rating this before the trace dries.Recently , an Evo 3D I bought as a hobby phone from a friend has been down for months because the lcd back light failed when I touched the screen while it was plugged into a rapid car charger . I cracked open the phone with my trusty torx screwdriver , and noticed what appears to be a burn spot on the circuits trace for the lcd to mother board . My options were as follows , buy a new lcd and muck with melting the working digitizer off and hoping that , when glued together , the new lcd fits with the digitizer -LRB- the front screen that allows your touch to make stuff happen -RRB- , otherwise I 'd have to muck with it all some more and melt/reapply the assembly.Orrrrr , I could first try that which I 'm doing right now . It appears that a portion of the flex cable has an arc burn on it , the fact that the lcd is showing things but not lighting up indicates to me that the lcd is functional , given that the portion of the flex cable that 's burnt marred a few traces , seemingly , in the middle of the cable , the way I figure it , one just has to get connectivity again . However , conventional soldering is not possible for a few reasons .1 . The heat involved and the size of the gun . This is a thin plastic circuit that 's delicate , saying it was possible to get the gun optimally positioned , it 'd still run the risk of doing further damage on both the solder side and also the guns side .2 . The precision required . No matter how fine the tip of the gun , or how fine the solder , the equipment is far too bulky to draw a mm thick line.So , those being the main concerns , I did research , given that I 'm fond of silver solder due to its conductivity values , I wanted something that allows me to take full advantage of its marvelous properties.While surfing the www 's I saw what I felt was a good heatless solution , silver filled pens . I searched high and low but only found solutions good for heat syncing but not concentrated enough for circuit tracing , that 's where Circuit Writer comes in , it has a high ratio of silver particles
 Ohhhh . . thats a great pen , , actually write and voltage go thru -- . . really nice , , so fun , , its so usefull on my electronics works
 First , shake this stuff really well before you use it and after every few seconds of use , otherwise you 'll end up w / less solids in the fluid when it is almost empty -LRB- still works but is thinner and runs easily -RRB- . I 've used this to repair a few circuits . First one was my multitester - ammeter stopped working , opened it up and could see where some solder had flaked off the board where a connection was made with that instead of a trace in the board.I 've primarily used this as a solder substitute for assembling battery packs and making repairs where soldering was difficult or impossible . The product is almost like a conductive glue - it sets up pretty hard and with mild adhesion . If several coats are applied it does have decent strength , at least enough to handle the connection gently . Be sure to allow it to dry completely between coats and before testing or reinforcing the connection -LRB- its hardly conductive before drying , which is good if you screw up -RRB- . Once it is set up I put a thin coat of jb weld over it to physically secure the connection.This has allowed me to repair several devices that would otherwise have been junk , for example , a pet collar that could not be disassembled and had a broken power connection to the board . It is awesome for battery packs . I can wire them together instead of using AA battery holders , which are bulkier , restrict you to the shapes available and have a higher resistance . I just finished assembling nearly 200 nicad AAs and used less than two pens . Radioshack has this same product for $ 10 . I use it too fast for it to dry up on me . There is a thinner/cleaner available and the same stuff can be bought in little jars.Wipe the tip before storing , store it with the tip pointed up and it wo n't get plugged . If it does , the body screws off and you can clean the tip with solvent.One reviewer said the pen has a ball and dispenses too much fluid . It is not a ball , it is a little spring loaded plug.I find the dispenser quite convenient but if you need to make VERY accurate traces you might want to put some on something else , like a coin , and then ` paint ' it on by dabbing the pen in that little puddle and applying it to your board w/o pressing down hard enough to move the plug -LRB- or just use a toothpick , pin , etc. -RRB- .
 I use this for a couple of years from now . Is a good product , I often use it to revive old remotes , gamepads and cellular keypads , you can brush the old conductor finish with a mid abrasive eraser and then apply a coat of this , the contact behaves as new again . The only complain is than the ink inside the marker dries too quick in the tube , I almost lost one third of the content on every market I have , I wish I know how to dilute them without damage or loss the conductive properties , I need to run this test with various alcohols , tupertine or solvents .
 I used it to repair my rear window defroster and it worked nicely . However potential buyers must be aware that the tip of the `` pen '' is more like the tip of a squeeze correction fluid pen , not those of paint pens or ball pens . It means it is very hard to draw a straight , fine line using this pen , especially on the inside of a car rear window . And since the lines it draw are gray-ish white , they are very visible -LRB- and ugly -RRB- when seeing from the outside of the car . You can use some tapes to cover the surrounding area and make the result looks better , but it will be a lot more work .
 This stuff is incredible . Here 's how it works.Shake the bottle , remove the cap , press the tip against a surface , squeeze the tube and some goo comes out . It 's about the consistency of Elmer 's glue . It 's conductive . It dries in about 5-10 minutes . It 's a modest glue with silver particles mixed in it . If I want additional strength , I 'll use a toothpick or straight pin to add some Shoe Goo -LRB- silicone , slightly flexible -RRB- or a little dab of hot-melt glue once everything is electrically secure.To create a trace as thin as you like , cover the surrounding area with two strips of scotch tape so there 's a thin gap between them . Squeeze a small dot on a piece of scrap paper , pick up a bit with a toothpick or straight pin , and paint the work area or just apply directly to the work from the tube . When it 's dry , just peel off the tape and you 'll have an absurdly thin , perfect , conductive trace.As an experiment , I once created a circuit that fit entirely on the top of a 9-volt battery snap -- that 's a pretty small area for a handbuilt circuit . It consisted of two 16-pin integrated circuits -LRB- LM556 timers -RRB- , 8 surface-mount capacitors , 4 surface-mount resistors , 4 LED 's -LRB- that flashed sequentially when triggered -RRB- , wire connections , ground and power buss lines , and a piece of wire used as a switch . The twin buss lines were laid on top of the IC 's , and the capacitors , resistors and wires were all connected directly to the IC 's legs . Altogether there were 36 connections made with this stuff . It was actually pretty easy to do.This level of construction is impossible without Circuit Writer.It 's also perfect for electromagnetic sealing of mating surfaces used in radio-frequency circuits . Quick patch jobs are easier than heating up a solder pencil , and there 's no heat . I can attach a hair-thin wire to a spot on a PC board that 's so tiny I need a magnifying glass just to see it -LRB- just did that , in fact -RRB- . A buddy dropped his -LRB- very expensive -RRB- studio-quality recorder , it landed on the power cord , and that snapped off a chunk of the PC board inside . Repairing it was impossible . I used tiny strands of bare wire , laid them on the traces to mate all of the -LRB- very thin -RRB- broken PC traces and just `` glued '' them down . A little epoxy to stabilize the board pieces and it was all set . I told him to be more careful in the future . A conventional repair facility would have simply ordered a new PC board and charged him more than the device was worth , so it simply would have been discarded.I am just delighted that this tool is finally available at Amazon . For many years , finding it was sketchy.Once opened , it 's supposed to remain useable for 12 months . Unopened , it 's supposed to be good for 24 months .
 Just be careful not to over-ink the bits you 're filling in
 This worked very well and was the only way I could think of to fix the burnt copper `` lines '' on my dash board circuits for the dash guage lights of a 1977 Mustang . I had never done this type repair ever , and within 3 hours -LRB- I let it dry like instructions said -RRB- I had all the lights working and was re-installing the guage cluster in the car.In some places the circuit board sheeting with the copper traces -LRB- lines -RRB- on it was raised and wavy and since you need to press a bit hard on the pen 's tip to make the stuff flow , I slid a wood ruler under it to provide support under the bad spots and then drew in new lines . I fixed 4 bad places and became concerned with one bigger one -LRB- 1 Inch long -RRB- that didn t want to work or show a circuit when I tried using a tester . HOWEVER , as soon as it dried I had a compleated circuit ! I did not have a hair dryer to heat the repairs like the instructions said to do , but did use a small portable bath room heater to help speed things up . A hair dryer would have been perfect.This circuit board is not available to buy , so this was really important for me to fix as 4 of 5 lights were out , and with no experience except reading about this type stuff on line , I choose this pen . A GOOD CHOICE . And it worked very good , and is fairly easy too . Shake well and often and go fix it !
 Ordered the pen and within one day it arrived . The pen itself is great for working with home-made PCBs and can really help out with fixing or redesigning your board . The resistance is low as long as you let it dry completely . I dried mine with a re-flow workstation to speed up the process , all in all its great .
 It was just what I wanted . Works great.I paid half of what I would of .
 I wanted a cover for my livescribe spiral for when I go into meetings for a professional look . This cover works perfect - highly recommend it ; especially for the LiveScribe .
 I wanted a simple and professional cover for carrying a notepad , some loose papers and business cards in while moving from meeting to meeting . This fits the bill ! The stock notebook is pretty flimsy , I 'd prefer a stiffer back -LRB- easily fixed -RRB- and the flap for holding loose papers has an annoying glue that came off on the edges of my papers , but I inserted a folder and took care of that problem too . Not perfect , but a useful product when you do n't want to carry around a big folio .
 I wrote a separate review ofthe notebook that comes withthis cover . Synopsis
 Obviously these are discontinued now , but if you can find one then you should absolutely invest in it ! I originally purchased this register for use during local carnivals , fairs , and festivals around the state in our food booth/pavilion . Two concerns prompted me to purchase this item
 It 's a solid machine and just take a look around and you 'll see it everywhere . However , programming can be tedious , particularly the price-look-up keys . The Department Keys of which there are six are great . Reports are more than adequate and the RS232 port allows the export of raw data.Have used it for a couple of years now and have to re-program it every six months or so to keep up with product/service changes and I have to review my notes . So my advice is `` KEEP THE DOCS '' , you 'll need them .
 I 'm not certain what was wrong for the others who bought this , but it works just fine for me . First of all , there was no glue used at all to ship mine - perhaps you just got it bad from the distributor friend ... Second , this did n't even come with a blue marker , but came with a black one , and it erases fine for me . Also , magnets hold to this really well . I 'd normally give this a four star review , as it 's nothing amazing , but the other reviews seemed so harsh to me that I 'm trying to balance it out.In general , a good product for your buck .
 I was slightly skeptical before purchasing this dry erase board . Many of the lower price range boards available on Amazon had poor reviews about being warped and twisted - and since I needed a 2 x 3 board , I hoped to get a board that did n't have any problems . Fortunately , I did ! This board is extremely sturdy and mounted very well on the wall . No problems with Expo markers and Expo board cleaner thus far . Previously , I had purchased a Quartet board from Walmart and the thing was a piece of trash that held up for about 5 minutes . I 'm so happy to have found a better quality board at such a good price here . As usual , Amazon 's shipping was prompt and I 'm happy with the purchase . This is a great option if you do n't have two hundred bucks to put down on a high-end dry erase board from Staples or Office Max . I ca n't tell the difference , honestly .
 I ordered this board to use as a message board in my parent waiting room . It is the perfect size for several messages , erases cleanly and it is easy to post printed handouts with the magnets . It is lightweight so I can easily take it down to write new messages .
 This dry-erase board is great ! It was the perfect size I was looking for plus it is very good quality . It is easy to erase and it is very sturdy . Very satisfied with this product .
 I bought this for my home use , and it has been a sturdy and attractive piece in our home . I have no problems with it . It was easy to install .
 A coworker of mine bought one and I got to try it out . Works great and is pretty light weight to boot . It was easy to hang in his cube and works well for the space of an 8ft by 8ft cube . Got one of my own since I liked it so much.We use Expo markers which work great and are fairly cheap .
 These posters are bright and colorful and perfect for hanging on classroom walls . Reviews basic concepts and very reasonably priced .
 I really have little to complain about these posters . They are exactly what I was looking for -LRB- simple , colorful educational posters for the younger crowd -RRB- . For the price , I wish they had been laminated to help preserve them , but overall I am very pleased with the purchase .
 For the price this is a great buy . These are posters on thicker stock paper so they wo n't rip easily . The pictures are a little out dated but there is n't anything else that I saw that compares to this product.I have n't actually gotten to use the product yet since my son is only 1 but I am impress with the quality for the price I paid.Thank you !
 i bought these for my two year old son , who is a late talker but , loves learning about letters and such . we hung them in his playroom and he loves having us come over and sit on the floor and talk to him about them . he has also learned many of his letters and numbers and points them out every where we see them now : -RRB-
 I hung these poster 's above my 21/2 year old son 's bed . The very first night he was excited to talk about the images on the posters . We lay there every night and go over his shapes , colors & numbers . Now when we go out places and he sees the images he gets really excited and wants to talk about it . Other parents and his teachers at daycare where surprised how quickly he went from not knowing to blurting out the answer 's when asked . He now can tell you all of his primary colors , shapes , letters and numbers just 3 months later .
 My daughter loves those posters . They are very colorful , with big letters/numbers/pictures . I would order them again if she ruins them somehow .
 Perfect for the preschool classroom . Eye catching for the children . They enjoy looking at and talking about what they see .
 Brought to educate . Wish that it was laminated . Spend the extra $ 4 to have each laminated . But other than that No complaints !
 this is one of those things I bought for my daughter that catapulted her thought process from 2 and a half till now 3 . trust me
 It 's really durable I bouth it for my daycare and it 's really useful and good quality I recommend this product very much
 easy for the kids to understand and read . bought it for my 2yrs and 11mth old . went over it everyday with them and less than a month they were able to go over it themselves . it is still holding its color and the paper is strong . good beginning tool for education .
 Clear pictures , nice colors and my students immediately focused on the posters and began to review the informaton . They are in PreK
 The product is very educational and useful . I really like the key concepts addressed in the pack . I ca n't wait to use the pack .
 This combo Pack is what I am looking for ! Great quality product at a great price ! Nice colors . My baby loves pointing out each letters and numbers on the chart .
 I wanted to use the beattitudes as my behavior system in my kindergarten classroom . These are a perfect accessory for it . Very colorful and child friendly .
 This is a good quality executive notebook . The paper is thicker than an average spiral bound notebook you would purchase at an office supply store . Roller ball ink does bleed through the paper a little bit but its not enough to render the back page unusable . If you use ball point pens then it should not be an issue at all.Overall great buy and will purchase more in the future .
 This is a good quality book . My executive uses only this type and in navy blue . Pages are good quality and bound very secure .
 I intended this product for a different use.It was n't wide enough -LRB- regular paper width thought it was going to be extra wide -RRB- so now it serves as a journal .
 I ordered these notebooks for my manager , to be used as journals . He is very pleased with them .
 I have received the merchandise promptly , and in excellent condition as advertised . Thank you for your courtesy in this matter . I 'm looking forward to doing business again .
 I own another Aurora Ipsilon so knew what sort of product I was getting . Great fountain pen -- my first and best . At any rate , bought this one as a gift . It arrived in a timely fashion and has been a big hit with my friend . Would gladly recommend both the product and Pen Botique Ltd as the vendor .
 The 8 `` x6 '' mailers worked great . We were able to stuff a CD in a CD envelop with invoices ranging from 1 to 4 pages . Adhesive strip made it easy to seal envelope without requiring glue .
 I debated buying these because of questionable reviews , but most of the complaints were geared toward the marketing aspect of the product showing two trays when the price listed is for EACH tray . But since `` front loading '' paper stackers are hard to find , I decided to given it a try . I was not disappointed ! The trays are sturdy , using thick-gauge coated wire . Good quality , thick rubber pieces -LRB- not cheap plastic -RRB- are provided that you can use either as feet , or connectors when stacked . The feet DO stay on the bottom , they do n't dangle , if put on correctly . It 's one of those things that if you follow the pictures instead of the written directions , it 's easier to figure out how it connects . Yes , they are made in China , but I 'm really impressed by the quality of materials used and the workmanship.What I did n't want were trays that merely stack on each other , because I have a tendency to reach into a bottom one and knock all the other ones off . These trays however , connect securely and do the job beautifully ! They also do n't tell you this in the product description but you have a choice to assemble them straight up or in a `` staircase '' configuration so the lower levels of paper are more visible . The price did add up ; I bought six which came to about $ 50 -LRB- with free shipping from Amazon -RRB- but when I looked at other stacking trays you land up paying $ 14 for two cheap plastic ones that you ca n't stack very high so they take up more desk space and still land up cracking or sagging later . My six connect to 15 '' high so save a lot of space.The only criticism I have is that it does come with a little -LRB- cheap -RRB- plastic piece to be used as a tray label ; it is n't very functional because it spins around the wire & lands up backwards , but I do n't need to label the trays anyway . So , I 'd say that if you just needed a single tray , you can probably find another one that is thinner and lower in price that would still do the job . But if you need a taller , stronger organizer these are the ones to buy .
 I noticed the lower reviews written on this product are because the buyers received one tray while they assumed the order was for a double-tray . While i see how the photo can be mis-leading , i do n't find it a mis-representation of the product . How else would Fellows show that the product is a STACKING organizer if they do n't show how it appears stacked ? If these buyers would have read the product details first they might have been informed that the price is low because it 's one tray.I bought 3 of these trays and i 'm very satisfied . The trays sit about 2.5 inches apart when stacked , and each tray comes with 4 rubber pegs that can be used to attach one tray to another , or they can be used as a rubber footing on the bottom tray to prevent skidding on your desk-top . Each tray also has a little .5 x 2 inch label holder but this LABEL HOLDER IS NOT A SLEEVE . Any label you create would have to be glued to the surface of the label holder . I think this would have been more useful if it where a sleeve but it was n't a deal-breaker for me so i still give it 5 stars .
 This product works well and as described . It helps to keep my desk from being too much of a mess , but I thought a little pricey . I like the uneven layout so you can see things better and do n't scrape your hand on the top one as much reaching in for things .
 these wire trays are well-made and do the job . I 'm glad Fellowes sells front load as they 're hard to find . I would buy again .
 I got this mouse pad about a month ago and I love it . The wrist rest is very comfortable and the copy holder -- well , it has made my desk a lot neater . The copy holder is also very easy to take off when you just want to play a game . I only wish that the colors were customizable and the mouse pad did n't stand off so much on my desk . But for the price at which Amazon is giving it away , it is definitely worth .
 I love the gel rest part of this mousepad . My problem with this product is the mousepad surface is way too small . I find myself running off the edge alot and having to pickup the mouse and reset it . It is almost impossible to play any pc games with this . If all you use it for is web surfing and business applications I would recommend it . I have carpal tunnel syndrome and this gel rest feels great . If the mousepad surface was bigger i 'd give this 5 stars .
 This pen is all I could have hoped for in an upper scale writing instrument . I love the way I can extend/retract the pen by pushing the top ... making it a one-handed pen , which was what I needed . The finish seems to be solid and I do n't expect that it 'll chip/flake off with normal use . The clip is substantial . Lastly , I really like that I can buy a Parker Bros. refill . I 'm seriously considering this as a gift for others .
 I had to buy this product for the portfolio that i purchased for a student project and class . It was a perfect fit
 These sleeves are nice , but no better than some alternative brands . They come nicely packaged and have a nice weight to them but there are similarly priced , more widely available alternatives -LRB- which have the same quality -RRB- that are available in many art supply and craft stores .
 This pen was a replacement gift -LRB- I dropped my other Ipsilon a few too many times and the barrel could n't take it -RRB- . I love love love my Aurora . It 's such a smooth writer and skip-free . It might not be the most expensive pen in my collection , but it 's the one that gets the most rotation .
 Graceful . Elegant . While I generally prefer German made pens , Aurora 's products from Italy have carved out a special niche
 I received this item very timely . There was a slight issue with the order but the vendor was quick to rectify .
 These are great for organizing and keeping papers from accidentally getting paper-clipped to something else . I brought them to work and now my co-workers want some too !
 Truly appreciate the quick mailing service ! We were in need of the outguides and were soo happy about the price for the item , as well as the time in which we received them !
 This product was difficult to locate until I went to Amazon.com . Thank goodness amazon.com carries such a variety of items . They had exactly what I needed . Great quality , great service ... Go Amazon.com
 Came in good time . So glad that I was able to find the pads that I 've used forever and can no longer find locally . Everything that I wanted .
 These are exactly as described and are a good price . I use them as ledgers for keeping track of different funds . However , I have an older book by the same manufacturer that is better quality than this current version . The pages are now thinner , and they often tear when you try to pull a sheet out .
 The lines are good , there is plenty of space for writing , and the paper is good quality paper . Works perfect for me to keep track of my home office expenses as well as mileage .
 I purchased this paper for making copies that are used for our FedEx account . This paper gets stuck on items that are wet or sit out in the weather sometimes and this brand holds up great.It does n't smear and runs through all of the laser jet printers and copiers well .
 I 've used this Cannon for several years now . I highly recommend . Easy to use and dependable . No problems ever . Look on line for replacement cartridges cheaper .
 I purchased this copier 2 months ago . Setup and operation instructions very clear and easy to follow including installing the toner cartridge . Copies very clear and sharp . No dark edges on copies as I have experienced on another copier -LRB- Sharp -RRB- . Copies come out smooth with no curls and are straight . I mainly use the copier for small quantities . Only problem I encountered was a paper jam when making 40 copies of 10 pages . This I think could be avoided if I had fanned the copier paper before loading . I have been using letter paper with 84 brightness with better than average quality . Copier is fairly quiet . It is a very handy tool and very convenient for immediate copies at home . I did not rate the copier a 5 star because I want to see how reliable it will be over time .
 We use this in a fairly busy one physician doctors office and we have found it to be dependable . It 's fairly quiet , and gives us good quality copies.What more can you ask . Another good thing about this one is , there a good quality generic toner cartridges available on the web . That really is a plus when your doing a lot of copies per month , like we are .
 I 've had this copier for nine months now -LRB- a previous Canon copier had given us ten years of good service -RRB- and am thoroughly pleased with it . It has no warm-up time at all , the paper tray is ample and you can use a side slot to get a quick copy on a different color or type of paper if you want . It 's quick , makes multiple copies , you can increase/decrease the image size , and it has very intuitive controls . Fairly quiet and fast as well . Quite a good buy , really .
 We have this printer in our office for more than 3 years now and this copier performed flawless . I like the fact that it needs no time to warm up at all unlike other copiers that need about a minute to warm up before you can use it . And the speed is adequate for small office use , it is fast enough and makes very clean copies . It is also very quiet . I highly recommand this copier .
 I teach English in a small school and was often frustrated by turn-around time to get copies . Often a class would need clarification , which could be easily obtained by throwing an overhead up on the screen or discussing some extra review sheets . I am able to run overhead sheets easily through this copier , make a fast copy of a note home to a parent , or use it for a variety of jobs . Yes , the cost came out of my pocket , and yes , it is worth every penny . My copier is one year old , and I am purchasing my third toner cartridge .
 We have had one already and this is as good , as brand new one or even better . Thank you so much .
 I 'm just about to install our first replacement cartridge for this machine after two years or so . Hard to say how well it uses toner but we surely got between 1000 and 2000 copies on the original toner . We use it regularly though not heavily , and it has been smooth , easy , and versatile . It warms up quickly and it 's even fairly quiet . Paper and toner load easily , the manual bypass is easy , the controls clear . I do n't know if it would handle everyday classroom or office use but it seems sturdy enough for moderate use . Prints are very good for most purposes . We think it 's a great deal , one of the best machines of this type we 've bought .
 This is a nice solid cart with steel axles and metal rims that should last . It is simple to assemble and folds up very easy . The basket is about the right size and is big enough for most chores . The unit , when upacked , had a very strong odor that smelled like creosote , but after putting it outside to air out it went away .
 I 've been using Super Heavyweight Matte Paper for art prints in my gallery since 2003 with good success . Heavy , Saturated inks do not wrinkle the paper . I prefer matte paper because there is no surface reflection regardless of ink saturation . Coating the paper with a UV coating will enhance the color and increase longevity .
 Our Human Resource Department has requested this item for the second year . It seems to conform to all their requirements .
 I picked up several of these at my local office superstore a few years ago and fell in love with them . Each notebook is slim and sturdy with nice stiff covers . I use fountain pens and was delighted to find that the paper in this notebook takes very well to a variety of inks . The surface is smooth and nib-friendly , and each leaf has a substantial feel to it.My only complaint is that the binding does n't lay flat very well . I imagine that if you force it flat you may experience spine troubles as another reviewer says . However , I have not had any trouble writing in mine.These are cheaper than many of the high-end notebooks on the market and give similar satisfaction .
 I was unable to find loose leaf paper for good old fashioned minute books until now . Found on Amazon.com and at a good price !
 I 've had it for years , and I just love it ! My husband had issues putting it together , but I was n't there and I came home to a nice new piece of furniture .
 These are great for organizing cords and I love that they 're re-useable . I have n't tried chaining them together but they can hold some pretty big cords so it 's not a huge deal .
 I had a bunch of cables coming out of a video conferencing system and wanted to do some cord management . No complaints ... they worked great .
 These velcro ties are perfect for corralling and organizing the wires and power cords in my home theater . They are two rolls that came with the shipment . One roll is black on both sides . The other is grey on one side and black on the other . The Grey roll has the capability to show the grey side or the black side , so depending upon the application , you can get the correct color -LRB- unless you are wrapping something other than grey/black of course -RRB- . Each strip is 8 inches long and when wrapped can hold a bundle of wire approximately 7 inches in diameter . If you are trying to wrap something thicker you may consider looking elsewhere , except these babies can be chained together for larger applications!Really usefull , reuseable and flexible .
 I bought a couple packages of these and cleaned up all the cables behind my computer , my recording desk and bought a couple more for the entertainment center . Every cable in my recording studio has one of these on it . Now I just need to teach other the value of properly wrapping cables .
 Good product . Well made . Practical . The price is attractive for 50 ties . The service you get is very important because it avoids the spectacle for you of all these cables behind your computer , tv sets , printer , loudspeakers and a lot of stuff around the house . I give it a 5 stars , also because it is cheap .
 We used to use toilet paper rolls to store household extension cords . No more . All those charging cables ? Neatly coiled . Power cords for my water pic and electric toothbrush . Just the right length.I have used about three rolls of the straps and have not had a single failure.I have even used them to hang outdoor lights . The tabbed end goes on the lights every 18-24 inches . The remaining length I tucked under the top row of bricks on the wall behind my deck . Quick and easy .
 Best purchase ever ! I bought these because I have a million and one wires all over the place . This has helped improve my cable management -LRB- especially storage -RRB- tremendously.I was using cable ties before this and would always lose them . This stays on the cable and is always there when you want to pack a cable away .
 Pretty straight forward product . Nothing fancy but very handy . Works for a variety of uses . I keep it close and use it for a number of different purposes . Would recommend highly .
 This is a very handy project purchased for a very reasonable price . We use it in the work place and it is fantastic .
 These ties are similar to , but far superior to standard hook-and-loop cable ties . These ties are double-sized and have a hole in one end , so you can loop them back on themselves -- so when you unwrap a cord , the tie actually stays attached ! The material is also thinner than most other cable ties I 've found . Being double-sided the whole length of the tie is also handy , since you can wrap up a tiny cord or a thick one just as easily.I initially purchased a small package -LRB- of maybe 8 strips , in pastel colors -RRB- then found this package , which is definitely far more economical ! If you have a complex entertainment system , several small appliances in your kitchen , lots of Christmas lights to store , or numerous charging cords for phones , Kindles , etc -- you 'll find that this larger package more suitable .
 I specifically purchased these for keeping my tool cords organized . They work perfectly for this purpose and stay attached to the tool cord when the tool is being used .
 It works and , at the time I purchased it , was quite economical . Tends to stick to itself while you are working it around the cables but no big deal .
 These cable ties are an incredible value . These work just as well or better than the cable ties that cost 10x as much.They are thin and manufactured economically , but they are still strong and get the job done.These ties are perfect for tidying up loose cords , cables , wires , or even string or small rope such as para-cord . I mainly use these ties for electric/gadget cables and they are perfect for the job . I end up with neat little bundles instead of a big mess or loose cables.Pros : ---------------------- + Cheap , Large Quantity + Thin -LRB- Low Profile -RRB- Yet Strong + The Whole Length of the Tie Has Gripping Velcro + Perfect Size for Many ApplicationsCons : ----------------------- They do n't automatically wrap your wire into neat bundles for you . - They do n't make you coffee in the morning.Other Thoughts : ---------------------- Get them , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've tried many different solutions to tidy up the cables at home over the years
 In looking for Velcro ties I was stunned by the prices in the store . I was also appalled by the bright colors offered . Who wants bright red , bright yellow etc when trying to manage the tumbleweed of cables behind the TV/Stereo . I wanted the wires to disappear , not bring attention to them . Now with this I can take care of every excessively long wire in the house . No longer will there be lamp cords being sucked into the vacuum ... . Love these !
 This package contains plenty of Velcro cable ties , so I can organize the cords for every item I own . Once I began wrapping cords in this manner , I put the Velcro ties on every corded item in the house and garage . It 's addictive and very satisfying to organize all that mess .
 These things are awesome . A must have for a home studio or anyone with tons of wires . Until things are wireless , get some of these . I wish they were more awesomely colored than black and gray , but it really does n't matter . The colored ones are ridiculously priced , and with these I was able to organize all my instrument cables and computer cables . Awesome all over .
 I got these for my Entertainment center . I normally use zip ties , But every time I get a new device , Apple T.V. or X-box or whatever , I found myself cutting all my ties or trying to undo them so that I could reuse them.I liked these so much that I now use them for cable management on networks . You always end up making it nice and clean at the beginning but then something changes and you have to undo everything to make it clean again . Also work well inside CPU cases for better cable management.I will never go back to zip ties for wires again.These are on the low end of quality and primarily used for long term wiring jobs . I have purchased some higher end Velcro strips for my charging cables and USB data cables.Just came here for more , and thought that I would leave a review.Final thought , Love the roll ! I can grip the cables in one hand and use the other in concert with my teeth to rip of a new strip . This is very handy when you are crawling around on the floor or under the floor , in tight spots , running cables .
 These are great ! It is possible to buy a package of six for several dollars at an organization store -LRB- which I did -RRB- , but these are just as good . The Velcro is quite strong . The package has a roll of 25 grey ties and 25 black ones -LRB- go crazy and color-coordinate with your cords ! -RRB- . They wrangle extension cords , computer cords behind a desk , earbuds and the dozens of cords that one always packs for business trips . The ties attach to the cord itself , so they do not fall off when you undo them-nothing to lose . For this price you can use one on each string of Christmas lights and every appliance in the house .
 very useful product . . though . . forwarning the grey completely stands out when used on black cables .
 I 'm shocked by how good the quality is on these things . The price is amazing for what you 're getting . I had previously purchased a similar item made by Belkin and those were `` ugly '' compared to these .
 I find myself using these things all the time . . What makes these velcro ties different than most is they are n't just strips of velcro - they have a hole to loop through allowing you to create a really great seal . It works wonders on all ranges of thickness . Also , you get a good number of ties -LRB- in two colors -RRB- in the package .
 I admit that I am a bit of a neat freak about my cables . This , plus the fact that I rearrange furniture frequently means that I need cable ties that can be reused again and again -- these fit the bill ! And they 're pretty cheap per tie , and they 're less bulky than the colored ones ! Great deal .
 I have saved every cord and cable that came with any device that I have purchased since 1992 . I had a rats nest of cords about 2 feet thick . I used a couple of rolls of these velcro cable ties and now I have nice , neat cord storage bins . I even found a short extension cord I needed this morning in about 2 minutes , would have taken half an hour in the old mess just to find it . then I would have had to untangle it . Best part is you can permanently leave the ties on your cords when you use then so they do n't get lost ! If you have ever used zip ties and had to cut them to move your cables then this is also a great product .
 very handy and you cant beat the price . better then zip ties since you can constantly readjust and move them around
 I purchased these a few weeks ago and have been finding all sorts of uses for them since then ! I have not yet found any problems with the item .
 these are really useful and awesome . yay a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t
 If you have small-medium sized cables that you do not want to damage wrapping them regularly or get tangled not wrapping them at all these are a great solution . If you really must you can wrap larger cables you just might need to use more than one tie attached to each other and it works fine . Seriously made cable management a lot easier .
 These are very useful wraps for organizing your cables . One nice feature
 You can tame almost all your wires and cables with these handy Velcro ties . I use them mostly for keeping extra wires in a neat coil while stored , and also for tying up the extra , unnecessary length of cords that are in use . I keep one roll in my camper , one in the house , and one in the car so they 'll be available to me anytime , anywhere . They 're nice and long if you need the length -LRB- 8 inches -RRB- , just cut with scissors if you do n't need the length and use the cutoff piece somewhere else .
 These things are great ! They have helped me transform a mess-0-wires into organized chaos -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- . When I get a now gadget that has a wire , I reach for one of these immediately . They work great for organizing the mess and for storage too .
 This is a great product ! It was super cheap and is perfect for the job . I just placed my order yesterday and already received it !
 How many cable ties are in this thing ? I swear I keep taking some off but the size of the roll looks the same . I really like how I can untie a cable to stretch a teeny bit of cable out and move some equipment , then quickly retie the cable . Definitely worth the few dollars this costs .
 These are awesome ! no more zip ties , no more twisty ties , no more clutter , no more tangles , no more worries . The only problem was I should have got the bigger pack cuz I 've almost used 'em all up .
 Product is as described , and works great . Sticks good , but not difficult to undo if needed . Pack of 50 for under $ 4 with free Prime shipping . Love it . 25 black/25 gray .
 This is a must have for cable management . The fact you can re-use them already makes them , not only as a bargain , but as a necessity if you have a lot to tie up and organize .
 If you think you could go wrong with these , think again . I bought these tie straps because I was tired of untangling cords and they work perfect . I took them to the office & all of my coworkers were asking for one . They are perfect for organization .
 A perfect example of how materials science can lead to great convenience . These strips of two-sided velcro are an excellent width , and they are very thin . Surprisingly so , as I initially doubted that such a smooth and flat ` fuzzy ' side could hold well with such a minimally raised ` hooked ' side , and yet this velcro sticks very well and is absolutely ideal for cords . Each segment is quite long , but if you only have small bundles of cords -LRB- like for an iPod or external hard drive or a USB mic , like me -RRB- just cut them in half and round off the corners . I personally do n't like the slot on one end and corresponding shape on the other , but once again this is easily trimmed . A roll of 50 of these should keep you equipped for a very long time .
 It 's January , which means corporate holiday parties all up and down the calendar -- though I 'm not sure celebrating three weeks after New Years ' really counts as having ` holiday spirit ' . Unless the true meaning of Christmas is getting the deepest discount possible on that Doubletree Inn ballroom where Joan from accounting is going to grope the mail room guy during during the `` Salesperson of the Year '' announcement . Did I miss a Charlie Brown special covering that ? Probably.Anyway , I had to attend one of these company ` holiday ' parties -- and they said it was be a swanky black tie affair . So I figured it was time to upgrade my formal wardrobe.I figured the first thing I needed for a black tie party was a black tie . But why buy just one , when I could get a whole fifty ties for under four bucks ? Who said looking like a million bucks has to be expensive?Best of all , these ties come with velcro and are `` self-gripping '' . So I did n't even have to learn how to tie them . I just mashed a few together , looped them around my neck , and voila ! I was the prettiest primping penguin at the party.Or at least the cheapest . And I had enough ties left over to fashion a tasteful cummerbund and tails . If I get another set before the party next year , I 'll make myself a nice vest , and maybe some spats . Eventually , I 'll go in a complete outfit made only of ties . Eat your heart out , Mr. Blackwell !
 I , like most people , had a huge tangle of cords that lived in a spagetti-esque tangle in a bag I never opened because I thought the conglomeration might have gained sentience . Well , once I bought these , I spent an afternoon sorting out my wires , and my life really is extraordinarily better off for it . Now they 're tucked away , all nice and tidy in a drawer , where I can quickly find the cord I want , all nice and neatly looped . The price of these blows my mind . So cheap ! for 50 !? Amazing ! I recommend these to anyone who has a pile of cords , AKA everyone in every first world country ever .
 I ordered these in an attempt to clean up some of the unsightly cords that tend to accumulate around the back of my television . Now I use them for the TV , Office , and on any other loose cords around the house . These are a must have for your electronic items . Easy to reuse and them come as a perforated long strip so you can tear them off at different lengths .
 These are cheap and perfect . I can attach these to every cord in the house to keep them neat . Mostly I needed them for all the chargers I have to put in my travel bag ... ipod , kindle , laptop , gps , etc. etc. . Others that I 've used which do n't have the ability to be attached to the cord get lost on my trips and never make it home . I love that these are attached to the cord itself and thus go nowhere . I would recommend them .
 Got these yesterday to organize the rats nest of computer cables in the home office . Two computers , router , printer , etc. . These are great!There was a little confusion at first because the package looked like it could be a dispenser or holder . It 's not . Rip it up and recycle it!The gray works well for white and , gray and beige cables . Black is for anything dark . The micro-Velcro is perfect . When you push it together it holds well , but casual touches do n't stick so bad as to be trouble.I used a lot of ties , but less than half of the 50 ties included . Over time I 'm sure these will be popular.The entertainment center is next ...
 I 've used cable ties for cords forever . But every time you have to move or adjust , you have to cut the cable tie and use another one . I needed something to tidy up computer cables and for storing unused cables . These are perfect . 8 '' long is the right size for binding up small or large cables since the Velcro sticks to itself no matter where you connect it.There are 25 gray ties and 25 black ties on a continuous strip . They provide a strong grip once connected but come apart easily for repositioning or undoing.I 'm sure I 'll find even more uses for these than tying up cords .
 I have been looking to clean up all my cables and cords around the house and these work great . Not too bulky , easy to handle and just works like they should .
 Have been looking for these velcro ties for some time . These are really great for tidying up all the cables and wires
 Very useful . Good quality . Sometimes a bit tricky to fit -LRB- sticks and not let tight it -RRB- , but with some practice , works very well . Original Velcro !
 compared to my previous purchase . this is much slimmer than old one.and delivery was really fast then I expect . It 's really good to tie my computer cables .
 Not as pretty as some , but you get a lot of bang for your buck ! These ties work great and they do n't add a lot of bulk . I highly recommend this product .
 Best product for keeping , wrapping or dressing anything . They have just the right amount of mechanical adhesion to be strong but reusable . Only wish they were available as a non `` add-on '' product .
 Being in I.T. I am always cleaning & routing wiring , mounting hardware , etc. . I literally go through a roll of this stuff a week ! It is lifesaver and oh so cheap ! Nothing compares in a networking closet where the previous tech used god awful zip-ties to bunch hundreds of CAT5 cables . . talk about a potential disaster waiting to happen . This stuff saves time , future issues , and bascially the day just about every day .
 These are very thin and can be wrapped very tightly around cables ; great for using on cables that you occasionally disconnect , as opposed to a nylon zip-tie that would be more permanent and require a tool to cut them off.-Very convenient for bundling the cables in back of your PC . This is great for keeping your cables bundled together while you disconnect all the cable to clean/vacuum your PC.-Ditto for keeping all the cables together if you disconnect your cable modem or router . It prevents the cables from wandering behind your desk and allows you to keep them together on your desk , until such time you 're ready to reconnect your component .
 Fabulous product , just as described . Much easier to keep these around instead of looking for rubber bands or tape or whatever else .
 We 're geeks with gadgets and computers everywhere , including our living room . These are inexpensive yet tough little velcro ties that are easy to use and easy to undo . In the past we 've used zip ties -LRB- kinda permanent and have to be cut when you move things , plus pretty ugly -RRB- , rubber/plastic cable covers/mats -LRB- expensive , ugly , only work on the floor , and ... ugly -RRB- , and electrical tape -LRB- dumb idea ! -RRB- . Yeah , we 'll stock these velcro ties FOREVER at our house.They have a slot so you can make a loop to attach them to one of the cords , so that they 'll stay in place , plus they can be left attached in multiples to make them longer or you can just overlap them . Ca n't imagine anything more versatile or easy to use.Very useful , incredibly handy , and they 've made our high tech areas so much neater ! Well , folks still know we 're geeks , but at least we 're neat geeks !
 We have cords and cords and cords . Phone chargers , Kindle chargers , tablet chargers , bluetooth chargers . I was getting overwhelmed . These fantastic little ties not only keep our cords organized , but we even leave them wrapped up while charging , as we do n't usually need the length of the cord .
 These ties work quite well but I do n't expect them to last as long as some others I have used but are still a great value .
 Because of the price and the quality of the product you just can not like it . IT WORKS !!!! and it has thousand of uses .
 Ask anyone with cords and they will tell you they want something to bundle them up . As soon as you do , invariably , you have to move something . These work so well to keep them bundled and organized , but easy to undo to move something . These were such a bargain I bought 6 extra to give out to family . They ALL love me now . Be POPULAR-Buy THESE and give them away ! Makes a GREAT stocking stuffer for ANY guy ! Seriously , they WILL love you for it . 8 - -RRB-
 These strips are handy for wrapping up cables for organization or travel , or holding pretty much anything together . These have very short velcro material so it is n't as scratchy-fuzzy as the traditional kind , but they work well . There 's a notch to assist in securely wrapping your item of choice . You can even stick two together to form a longer strap . They 've done well for my purposes of wire organization .
 These cost THREE DOLLARS and some change for 50 straps . I 'm not sure how you can complain about these at that cost . They 're awesome . I have a assault pack that 's street grey colored and I bought these to wrap up all the excess straps on my backpack . The grey does n't match perfectly , but the straps work perfect , and for 3 dollars I 'm stoked . They 're adjustable , reusable , and I even have one to hold the mouth piece of my bladder pack on the shoulder strap . Nothing else that I 've tried has worked better . The options for these little things are endless , you can use them in lots of ways . And my pack looks so neat and sleek now , not to mention I can still use or adjust all the straps on my pack , and re-secure these velcro straps neatly . THREE bucks people ... what can you get for that these days ?
 Great value for these velco straps . I use them to keep my stage cables -LRB- XLR cables , guitar cables , patch cables , etc. . . -RRB- organized . Now I think I 'll order some extra long and heavy duty velco straps for my 100 foot stage cables . Or , I might just double up these 8 inch straps and call it good .
 I bought this because I am a gadget guy , and as every gadget guy knows , you got a lot of cables you need to have quick access to . These help organize my phone chargers , USB cables , iPad cable , and even a couple guitar cables . Grab a bin and toss them in and you 'll never spend 5 minutes looking for a cable again . They attach to the cable itself so you can even take them toss them in your travel bag and take them on the road . Easy . Organization is one of my goals for 2012 and these are awesome for helping me keep my apartment organized .
 I bought these to clean up the spaghetti that was the wiring on my desk . I used to use zip ties which work very well , but every time you want to rearrange something it 's off to the toolbox to get something that will cut the current tie and get a new one . You have no room to play or adjust things . After a couple of months I can say that these silly little things have greatly improved the clutter that is my work space . In fact , after my desk it was the sound system , then the bedroom and so on . This is my second order.Something I do to make it easier is make two initial loops around the cable pull it tight . This keeps the tie from slipping or getting lost . These are one of those little bargains that you just do n't realize is out there until you do it .
 Two rolls , 25 black , and 25 gray . I found it hard to avoid looking for cables to organize after getting these.Run-down : They stick to themselves quite well , even after repositioning several times.Having back and gray lets you use contrasting colors on most wires -LRB- I do it for visiblity -RRB- . However , the loop side is black on both shades , which means that if you really want the gray to be visible , then it should be hook side up.These are much thinner -LRB- smaller hooks and less fuzz -RRB- than I thought they would be.Their length accommodates thick powerstrip cords , but is n't long enough to make tying up something thin difficult.These will come in handy for a long time , and I think it was the smartest purchase I 've made in a while .
 I have bought hundreds of items from Amazon over the years , but none so universally useful as these Velcro ties . If you are a computer user -LRB- is n't everybody -RRB- , these are a must for neatly organizing your cables . I am on my second 50 .
 I 've purchased over 20 of these rolls in the past year . The Velcro is `` lower profile '' slightly weaker than regular Velcro , but ideal for wrapping cables , securing banners to spindles , storing extension cords and more . Tons of uses and dirt cheap.So far I 've used them to - Secure cords to my flash stands in the studio - Store extension cords - Keep things neat in my photo cases - Tie bandannas to ski poles for a photo shoot - Secure banners to 3/4 '' thick stakes
 I purchased these ties to manage the sizable jumble of wires that were littering the desk . The product was delivered on time , exactly as described . These ties were cheap , easy to use , and got the job done .
 You know all thoes computer cords that always wind up in a tangled mess . The velcro self-griping ties finally put some order back into my life ... THEY ARE GREAT ... I now use them for all my appliances , lamps , my curling irons and dryers and anything else I can tie them to ... THEY WORK ... I have become a velcro nut . I highly recomend them if you live in the same tangled mess I did .
 Simple velco cable ties with a hole to allow a looping . Features the smaller variety `` hook & loop '' that does n't stick to everything.Cons : Wish package was all black instead of 1/2 black 1/2 gray .
 Every single cable , cord , or strap at my home is neatly bound with one of these Velcro ties -LRB- and labeled with a Brother P-touch label , too -RRB- . There 's never a mess of mystery cable or cord wadding -LRB- `` Honey , what the h -- does this go to ? '' -RRB- under the desk or TV or computer.I was just about running out of these when I came across them again at Amazon while putting together a birthday gift for my arthritic father - assorted cable ties , and a Brother labeler . My Dad had seen my system , and wanted to get his house set up properly . I ordered a set for his birthday box , and a set to replenish my handyman drawer.These cable ties are such a bargain . They are unobtrusive black and gray , and you get 50 in a pack ! Love , love , love em !
 Not the toughest Velcro strips out there , but for light use they 're perfect at that price . Probably best if you 're going to leave cords strapped in .
 I love these things . I 've bundled all my wires neatly together . The best part is they are reusable and are easy to remove unlike zip ties if you pull them too tight .
 Had these before but needed more . Glad to have included in the free shipping package.This is perfect for those things that need ordered arrangement . Sure cleared up that wiring mess everyone has behind their electronic equipment .
 Usually , I run out of these kind of cable ties pretty quickly . But with 50 in a pack at this price , I will be smiling and orderly for a long time.Others have noted that they are not the usual velcro , and are light duty . Keep that in mind . But they are actually made by the Velcro brand , and are very worthy for the price . Try them .
 Very useful , and highly recommended!Used it for everthing
 I just bought hundreds of these to clean up my massive cable wall . -LRB- I work in television -RRB- . They are very cost-effective and do the job admirably . Not the absolute fanciest of this type of product I 've ever seen , but that 's a good thing . They 're slim , clean and work fine .
 Quite honestly , once you use a few of these you realize you 'll never use the plastic zip ties again . They feel flimsy but are pretty darn strong . Because they 're light , they 're easier than other Velcro cable ties I 've used , as they do n't get stuck on themselves when you 're tightening them . Because they 're reusable , you feel free to use as many as you want , where you need to , rather than dreading having to add something later and cut apart your carefully-organized cables . Not much else to say about them , really . They 're simple , easy , inexpensive cable ties .
 Just recived and used several for the project I needed , did exactly what I needed them to do . I thought the velcro might be a little heavier material .
 Well they work for smaller things . I know it is velcro but it does n't seem to have the griping power of some other velcro the same size . The design seems to be that the insert slot does n't do anything but align the stuff because ti loop back you need to twist the strap . It would work better if the design allowed sticksion on both sides so you have the option to loop back .
 These are good velcro . It holds rather well ; not too strong that will damage the velcro over time and not too weak ... just the right hold . I have immediately used several of them to organize my newly setup of MBP + External LCD .
 These are great for walk-behind mowers that have the `` dead-man '' throttle . To keep it running , wrap a tie around the throttle-handle . The mower keeps on running when you need to step away for a moment .
 I decided to buy based on the video review of this product and needless to say , this was a great investment . I 've used this for all of my tv , internet and hdmi cables . Also used this for my headphones and my telephone headset . I also found a use for my fanny pack . The product wraps securely and I do n't have to worry about it ever coming loose . Love this product !
 I have many cables/wire through out the house and I use these everywhere . It keeps my cables organized and you cant beat the price .
 These velcro cable ties work very well and the pack comes with many more than you probably need . The only problem I had was with the durability . The material is very thin , and if you use these in a location where you will be repeatedly adjusting , moving , or re-using them , they will rip fairly easily . If they are for semi permanent application you should have no problems .
 For some fairly inexpensive velcro ties , I find these perform extremely well . I 'm now using these on every electronics cable I keep wrapped and/or stored . The newer-generation velcro is far more reusable than the thicker , slightly stronger `` fuzzy '' velcro . They have a loop-through hole to be able to tighten them down more easily , which is great . Each package seems to come in rolls of 25 grey and 25 black , which are perforated to peel -LRB- read
 I have enough of these for the majority of the rest of my life now and I am definitely the OCD type when it comes to organization . I tie up , glue down or velcro anything that moves . I 'm pleased with these although I 'm not big on the light grey ones ; all black would have worked better for me but that 's a minor ordeal . I 'm rating this product as a 4 because they are a little thinner than what I expected them to be . So far , all of them are holding up fine ; just expected them to be a little sturdier looking . They do grip well and I 've had no problems with any of them coming loose after I 've used them to wrap something up .
 This product works great . Reusable and can connect multiple together for larger cords . I use them for just about everthing
 My cables for my entertainment center were a mess and required a lot of work when changing things out . After getting these they are not clean and organized . They are easy to install and to take off . My only issue was they were a little long but that was my fault for ordering the wrong length .
 Not much to say other than they do their job , they are sturdy and they are very reasonably priced . There are thinner or thicker versions of these standard velcro ties , but I personally find this size to be the most useful.Perfect for cable management in an environment where devices move around a bit .
 These are very easy to wrap around any configuration of cables . The velcro attaches fully from end to end , so there is no annoying tail sticking out of the bundle . Unused ties roll together into one neat coil -LRB- as shown in the picture -RRB- . I also use them to cuff my pant legs for biking -- they are plenty strong for it .
 These are an unbeatable solution for cable management . The ties themselves are thin and very flexible , so they 're much easier to get in tight spots than many of the other Velcro ties you 'll see . They 're also very hard to beat on price , stacking up to probably be one of the cheapest items . Each 8 inch tie also has a hole at the end to facilitate looping it around a cable .
 For me , these are must for managing cables . Easy to use and take off cables when you need to move or change out equipment . So much better than plastic zip ties that I used to use . Definitely worth the price .
 Using velcro is a lot easier than zip ties . I highly recommend these . I use it everywhere and now my cable clutter is easily manageable.I used to love zip ties since they are cheap and come in different sizes . However , I switched to velcro because
 I do a lot of Audio and Video work and cable management is very important . These cable ties work great for everything ! They are naturally a little long but you can cut them shorter if you need to . I just wish I would have gotten all black instead of black and grey but that 's just being picky .
 This was some great straps used for speaker wires cables dj equipment and computer wires . also used for other household things
 these little bastard have so many uses beyond whats advertised . I used them for wires of course but have a pack in my survival kitl . Used some on a camping trio to repair a tikki , low and away from the flame of course and sealed of soem cabinets my cats like to play in .
 I 've used more than a few ` cable management ' schemes in my life , but these little buggers have made life easy . I love the design , that simplifies adding or removing cables from a bundle , keeps things organized , and when you 're not using a cable , you just wrap it up in a hoop with one of these ... I have a big bag full of cables and took an evening to go through and put one of these on every one , and wrap them all in loops ... No more rat 's nest!Solid construction , good design , and easy to use . But after about 100 of them , you 'll be sore under your thumbnail from pulling the edges free ...
 I like this stuff , it is simple , it is cheap and it came Amazon prime so there was no extra shipping cost . These are all things I like . This stuff worked much better then the Turtle cord wrap thingies.It is true , simple is always better . I wonder why I always forget to remember that ?
 Comes with 2 rolls of velcro ties
 These do n't fall apart but there are better solutions if you are tying and untying cables together . These are great for bunching a group of cables that run together .
 Years ago , these cost us about two dollars for a fifteen-inch strip , and they were a boon to us in hospital IT . We had hundreds of nodes in our network , all on ethernet Cat-5 cables . all organized using these . Now you can get 50 eight-inch strips for less than four dollars . No one should have excuses for being DISorganized .
 They tie cables VERY well . haha . I use these to control cable clutter in my mobile DJ setup , and they work great . The black ones are awesome to keep cables hidden on my all black lighting truss , and the grey ones have a black side to them too , so really you get 100 Black cable ties in this pack , and if you want to you can flip 50 of them over for the grey color . They stick well , I 've tied , and untied , these things several times , and the velcro doesnt seem to be wearing off or anything , they still stick very well . I definitely recommend these to anyone with a cable clutter/tangle issue .
 Instead of shoving cords , power strips , ethernet cables and all else into a box and ending up with a jumbled mess , tie them up with these strips . They work great with anything . For very thick or long cords , you can stick 2 or more together to make longer ties .
 Not much more needs to be said . They are as described . You get 25 of each color . More than I think I 'll ever need , but for the price why not ? I only needed 2 but I 've now got a lifetime supply if I ever need any down the road .
 These come in very handy . I recommend them to anyone who needs them to keep cables and cords wrapped up nicely .
 Length :
 At first , what I really wanted was a cable organization system . Then I came across these ties , which I figured would be an inexpensive solution to tie my computer wires along the legs of my desk . Having done that , I must say it looks a lot cleaner . These sat on my desk for a couple of weeks when I found even more things to do with them ... They 're currently also holding up a rope light to the back of my TV -LRB- for some ambient light -RRB- and they 're doing that job wonderfully . All in all , a great product , and definitely priced right for the amount of things it can do.One thing to be careful of though , is that even though it is not the traditional `` velcro '' as you know it -LRB- e.g. hooks and a fuzzy cloth on the other side -RRB- , these do still stick to a Swiffer duster if you take one over it .
 it is not just a piece of velcro tape , it has a hole that you can loop the other end through .
 I use them on cable/computer lines , on my backpacks to keep the straps tied down and all over the house . They are a great alternative to zip ties because they are adjustable . Great product .
 the velcro is great . i can trim it for an desired lengththe best part is that i can use it for more than just organizing cables/wires . its come in two rolls 1 - black and 1 - grayits an excellent purchase for cheap .
 I have many electronic devices connected to my computer , so my `` collection '' of wires was amazing . With this product I was able to order the cables very well , so that none remain on the ground . Its only fault is that they come in a standard size , so you sometimes have a big piece of the trip hanging -LRB- you could cut it , but I dont think its a good idea -RRB- . Overall , good product . . But maybe you could find a better one though.Tengo muchos aparatos electr&oacute;nicos conectados a mi computadora , por lo que mi `` colecci&oacute;n '' de cables era sorprendente . Con este producto pude ordenar muy bien los cables , de tal modo que ninguno quedara por el suelo . S&uacute; &uacute;nico defecto es que vienen en un tama & ntilde ; o est&aacute;ndar , por lo que a veces puede sobrar gran parte de la tira -LRB- podr&iacute;as cortarla , sin embargo el sobrante pues probablemente terminar&iacute;as bot&aacute;ndolo -RRB- .
 The cable ties that I have used in the past are much thicker and look like they would hold up better . Initially these look very thin and like they would break easily and not hold tight . But , the velcro seems to hold well and pulling on one of them they seem to be stronger than they look .
 Good value for light to medium duty velcro straps . They can be written on with sharpie type pens to identify items , such as microphone cable owner ID , length , etc. .
 I bought these ties to hold my computer against the back wall of my desk and they work well enough , but there 's another product somewhere on amazon that gives you twice as much for a similar price . I did n't buy that because it lost its super saver shipping when i tried to buy it.That said , this product serves its purpose and wo n't give out to a decent amount of force -LRB- pulling apart parallel to the adhesive -RRB- .
 Yeah , the stuff looks flimsy . It 's not the velcro you 're used to , the hooks and loops are pretty small.So , I 've used this stuff to run `` holiday '' lights up the forestay of my sailboat and leave them there for weeks , through record-setting snowstorms . Worked great ! I 've also used them to secure a cable that goes to my gps mount in the cockpit , so they seem to be a little UV resistant.They 're also good for holding cables together . I attach one of these to the end of the plugs of all my electronic equipment . This makes it much easier to organize things on a boat . I also use it when i 'm running AC and DC wiring.So while the stuff looks cheap and chintzy , and the lengths of the sections are inconsistent , fact of the matter is this stuff has not failed me , and I 've done some strange stuff with this .
 Very effective for what they are designed for . I used them to keep wiring down inside my tv stand , behind my computer and under the bed -LRB- phone wiring -RRB- . Good price and good product .
 Not much to say about this product other then it is name-brand Velcro . It comes two 25 tie rolls in which you peel off a tie at a time . You get 2 colors of ties -LRB- black/gray -RRB- . I found these MUCH cheaper here on amazon then at the two major big box hardware stores . these are great for tying up computer wires as they are reusable and quite cheap . Will buy more if I need them .
 it 's been great to bring these over to clients and start wrapping up all their loose cables!like other reviews have mentioned , these are the `` light-duty '' variety - I would n't say they are super sturdy and would use them more for wrapping cables that you * occasionally * have to unwrap -LRB- ie . if you do n't travel often , backup gear , stuff under the desk that you might move somewhere else like next year , etc -RRB- if you 're looking for straps as a frequent traveller for AC cords and stuff , I 'm guessingVelcro One Wrap Straps , Assorted -LRB- 90438 -RRB- might be more appropriate.that said , you ca n't beat the price - 50 of em come in two rolls of 25 -LRB- black and grey - missed this before I ordered so just a heads up -RRB- . It 's super convenient to just rip one off and put it to use.it would be great if they also had straps 1/2 or 2/3 the length - I 'd keep these handy for smaller cords . these 8 inch ones will do just fine for now !
 These Velcro cable ties are two rolls of velcro cable ties , one black and one gray . The ties have a hole stamped into them that lets you loop the tie around the cable , go through the hole , then snug it tight so that the tie is fastened securely to the cable . Then you loop or bundle up the cable , and wrap the tie around it . The velcro sticks to itself , and you 're good.Simple , effective , elegant and affordable . They also seem to last forever .
 I bought these for a desk cleanup effort , since the plastic cable tubing is always so expensive and at the time I was just being cheap . If you are one of those twisted folks like me who enjoys organizing , and if you 've never tried these
 These ties work as advertised . The velcro stays connected unless you purposely pull it apart . The eye at one end of each tie is a great idea . It allows you to thread one end of the velcro tie through it so you can easily bind your wires tightly.Given that you get fifty of the ties , I think the price is reasonable . I have replaced most of my plastic ties for the wires that I use off and on -LRB- laptop power cables , traveling usb mouse , etc. . -RRB-
 If you need a lot of self attaching 8 '' velcro staps for you cords , this is the value for you . For just a little bit of money , you get 50 , 8 '' velcro straps.I am a musician with a portable PA system and so I have a lot of cables to organize and this is just what I needed to save money.You could be these locally and spend more if you actually bought 50 of them . Locally , I estimated that I would spend about $ 40 - $ 50 for the same amount of velcro ties.The quality of these ties are fair.The adhesion is good and is worth twice the money.I would definetly buy again .
 For the price , you ca n't simply beat these . Fifty are enough for you to probably organize ALL the cables in your house ! These Velcro pieces are very well made and durable . I highly recommend them !
 These are fantastic ties . I have bought several packs . They are extremely useful and easy to use . They are also sold at some of the self-improvement stores and `` Wally World '' . Being 8 inches long , sometimes I cut these in half , which works better for smaller needs .25 ties are black and 25 are gray . Also , these are `` Made in USA '' . Highly recommended !
 When I saw the price , I was expecting something much more cheaply made and designed than these are . They have a hole on one end that you use to make a loop than can be drawn very tight and then instead of just one patch of velcro , you can wrap these around on themselves several times to make a nice tight hold on your cables.I can see lots of uses for these other than cables ... put tags on things without worrying about them coming off , wrap up cords for travel , ... This is a good product with lots of uses . Do n't be put off by the low price , this is a quality solution if you have a lot of cords to get under control .
 Love these little guys . Yes , they are thin , but I only use them for wrapping up my computer and gadget cables . For that , they are perfect . Enjoy the &#34; neatness &#34; they produce with all my cables , that I ran around the house looking for more things to wrap -- like long , messy power cords . Nuts ? Maybe . Fun ? You bet !
 I bought these to tie up the straps on my backpacks and they work wonderfully . I had some left so I used them to bundle some cords together also . I 'm thinking they may come in hand elsewhere also , like to hold back wires and lines while working on the car , to help bundle my extension cords for storage , and maybe a few other things.These are great !
 I love these . I put the role of black ones out in my garage and the gray ones on my computer desk . They work great . If I ever run out I will buy again .
 They do n't look like ordinary Velcro . There is no really furry side which is pretty awesome . The roll comes with a whole mess of grey straps AND a whole mess of black straps -LRB- I was figuring it was one other the other -RRB- . Not only are they very inexpensive but they work great . A + + + + + + + + + + + product .
 this product is great for bundling cords behind a tv or for keeping cords orderly for storage . i keep finding more and more uses for them every day . no more of those plastic cord bundlers or tape to keep things in order .
 These work really good to organize all your too long cords . Not just electronics . We now uses them on kitchen appliance cords instead of empty toilet paper tubes .
 These are super easy to use and reuse for cords that you often coil and uncoil like cords for hand tools and the like . They seem to be holding up well to heavy use so far and are a good price for the number you get in the package .
 I 'm using these for nearly every cable and wire I have in my house to keep them organized well . They work very well .
 It 's velcro ! The magical uses of velcro . Not just for those who ca n't tie their sneakers anymore , it 's great to organize all those annoying cables in and out of your TV and to the walls and the outlets and all the things that have cords ! Cords ... they have a mind of their own . Do n't trust them ! Tie them up with velcro for your own good . * nods head up and down as the last sentence is said . *
 Cheap and they work great to manage cables , as well as tie things up you need to use on a regular basis . Very easy to use , they do collect a little pet hair but almost all velcro type things do .
 Works great , fits tightly on everything . It velcros all the way around so not only one part gets work . Only 8 inches so great for all your small little wires . They come interconnected so its possible to make the velcro longer .
 Simply put , this is an outstanding product for the price - best I have found anywhere ! Great , superb vendor pricing on this item . Thanks - I 'll definitely be ordering more and other items at this vendors site .
 Just the right length and very good value.I use these things for just about everything.I originally bought them for cable management on my PC and for organizing a bunch of extra cables I have in my junk drawer.They 're surprisingly strong considering how thin each strip is.I repair PC 's and laptops for friends and family . I slap these things on every single laptop charger I come across.I also found it great for organizing my dollar bills.At the end of every day , I toss the change from my pockets into buckets -LRB- one for pennies , one for everything else -RRB- . From there , I take out all my $ 1 bills and put them in my drawer since they tend to be bulky when you have a bunch of them in your pocket.Once I reach $ 25 worth of bills , I use these velcro ties to place them in bundles . Once I deposit the money in the bank , I simply reuse the velcro ties on something else .
 Great product ! Came in gray and black . Lightweight yet very strong hold . Tied many of my cords around the house , just slip in loop , tighten and wrap around cords .
 These are the first cable ties I have used that did n't come for free with mics/cables/etc . These are awesome , definitely worth the money . They are really quick and easy to tie . The ties that you sometimes get with cables force you to wrap around several times and try to keep pressure on while you wrap before you can velcro . These you just pull tight like a zip tie , and there is a little flap you lay down so it 's held shut as you wrap the excess velcro around . The velcro is secure but easy to remove and reuse . I 'm buying more of these !
 8 '' peice of velcro with a hole in the end to hold secure ... great product for cable management / random other tasks
 We bought these for our mic cables at church and when I started using them , I could n't stop . Every cable in our sound room is now neatly wound and bound . I will mention that these are n't heavy duty and if I were working travel gigs , I might want something a little more hefty , but for our setup , these are great .
 These cable-ties are AWESOME ! I was using the rather cumbersome twist-ties for the purpose ; but then I found these ! well built quality straps ; the hook-n-loop feature is a MAJOR plus since u dont have to worry about keeping track of the ties when you unfasten them . and 5 bucks for a pack of 50 , THAT ' A A STEAL !!! BUY IT !
 What can I say ? They 're velcros straps . They work great . They can be cut smaller or connected together for heavy duty uses . I went crazy - I wrapped up all my hoses , a ton of extension cords , computer cables behind the desk , A/V cables behind the TV , my earphones for my ipod have one attached , I put a bunch on the boat for ropes and bimini , and had plenty to thrown in the RV for who knows what . They hold well . If ever use all these , I 'll order more.AUGUST UPDATE - I found so many uses for these and they worked so great , I just ordered two more rolls . The original 100 I bought did n't last long , but they 're EVERYWHERE . RV , boat , cars , garage , outside , inside , behind the TV , behind the computers , behind the stereo , in the garden , at work . They worked for everything I needed . I essentially have replaced zip ties with them . Have n't used a zip tie in months , and I used a lot of zip ties . Bonus is they easily can be chained together for really large applications - like extra garden hoses ...
 I 've been buying similar at a dollar store for years . These , albeit very slightly lighter-duty , are equally as good , and are less expensive . I use them to `` declutter '' all my electronics cords and cables .
 This product is very useful , but since it will stick to anything -LRB- fabric -RRB- that it can . Therefore no useful on cords that will touch clothes -LRB- e.g. , extra long headphones cords , etc. -RRB- For that reason I take away one star . Otherwise a great product .
 These things are awesome . I used to have cords all over the place , tangled up in each other , making a mess , but now everything is nice and neat . With 100 ties , there 's no reason not to have them on every unused cable you have . The best thing about these is the fact that they 're reusable , so you can unwrap a cable , plug it in , and wrap it back up when you 're done . So there 's no more need to resort to weak twisties or one-time zip ties . They 're long , too , so you can wrap up that beefy extension cord .
 These work great for organizing/containing cords for appliances , power tools and electronic devices . Quality seems good . The Velcro seems like it will hold up to repeated uses . I expect they will last as long as the item they are attached to .
 It 's a great item for home office and home theatre cords and wires . Securely organizes all cords , cables and other wiring , and it provides plenty of ties to use , it can be used on individual cords and cables making it easier regonize a specific machine or unit you want to connect , disconnect or reconnect .
 These ties are exactly as described . They are great to keep cords neat ! We use them for extra length on lamp cords , hard drives , hair dryers , kitchen electronics , etc. . Will buy them again when we run out .
 These things are cheap , but work perfectly for what they are designed for - cables . Most other reviewers who gave this a negative rating are comparing the thickness of these to that of the original velcro . These velcro strips are very thin , as they should be since they will wrap around several times . If you do n't want to spend $ 20 - $ 30 bucks on a reel of cut-to-length velco , these are a great deal .
 I 've made it my goal to use one of these straps for every cable I own . Helped me organize all my A/V , router and computer peripheral cables .
 These are easier to use than zip ties when it comes to organizing cables . You can remove them , and re-use them if you need to , which is a real advantage when you 're changing out equipment .
 These little things are thin and have unexpectedly good grip . They seem very durable . I used them to wrap up old cords that I do n't use , as well as do some cord management behind the computer and TV . I was so impressed by these little guys I bought another pack , a really good product .
 I started printing 13x19 prints on my printer , needed somewhere to store and carry and this is the guy . Nice product .
 These get the job done , adequate padding , good size for sending DVD sets that have more than one or two discs .
 Solid construction and finish . The lock is low-tech but works to keep the lid latched . Only gripe is that it is much bigger than it looks in the picture ... I do n't know what kind of funny money was used for the pic , but the box is long enough for normal sized bills -LRB- USD , EUR , GBP -RRB- AND a roll of coins end-to-end . Check the size specs to make sure it will fit where you want to use it .
 product as described and works like a champ ... we need this type of land-line phone when the power goes out as the cordless phone system wo n't work ... highly recommend ...
 I was happy to find this phone . The quality of low-cost corded phones these days is generally very poor . I have higher-end Panasonic phones and I think this one does just fine in terms of sound quality . What other reviewers have said about there not being a large enough indent on the handset for hanging on a wall is mostly correct . I have ours on a wall and the handset does remain in place , but it is a precarious perch . Otherwise , this is probably one of the best low-budget , low-frills phones available .
 I bought this phone for my parents for emergency since power outage becomes a norm in the northeast . There is no fancy feature , but you can make a phone call with loud and clear sound when you need it . After all , it is a Panasonic !
 Got this for my elderly parents . The buttons were larger . There is no fancy bells and whistles on this phone which made it easier for them to use and not be confused .
 bought for a simple instrument and it is that . It is modular , can use longer cords for hand set and base -LRB- which I already have on hand -RRB- . It is very user friendly
 We bought this phone to hook up to our cable box . Very simple and inexpensive telephone , we recommend it if you do n't want a complicated telephone .
 This phone is bare bones . I bought it for a room where the air conditioner is loud and I could n't hear the phone in the next room . This phone 's ring is LOUD . There are no extra features on this , but it does the job of receiving and placing calls.For you cordless users out there , I suggest you get this corded phone as a backup when your electric power goes out . Or when you want decent voice quality .
 A decent office-style phone for the price . Works fine and apparently has decent sound quality . I have to admit , the phone - particularly the handset - seems flimsy , but that may be a factor of modern production and price consideration . My last phone lasted 15 years - I doubt this one will do as well .
 This is the second Panasonic Telephone that I bought for a friend whose phone was not working right . They are both extremely pleased with the purchase .
 We 've been using this phone for a couple of months . It has been reliable and solid . The key pad is soft touch which can feel a little weird compared to hard plastic , but they work fine . The construction materials are lightweight but durable . The color is actually a computer beige , not white . It would n't be my choice for a wall phone . You 'll probably want to get a longer coiled cord . The one supplied works great for the phone to wall connection . As inexpensive phones go this one beats many others that have been tried and tossed .
 We were looking for a nice basic phone that really just acts as a backup / emergency phone when we 're not using our mobile phones . We originally went to the local drug store and picked up a $ 20 phone . It was a total piece of junk and we took it back to the store . Got this one for even less money and it is worlds apart from the junk we got locally.Call quality is nice and clear . It works well on a desk and is n't so light that it flies off the desk when you pick up the receiver . True , it has no number memory or caller ID , but if you 're just looking for a solid , inexpensive backup phone , this is just perfect , especially considering the price .
 I bought this phone as a back-up phone in case of power failures in which my cordless phones are useless and I do n't want to deplete my cell phone charge . I was most concerned about the sound quality of the handpiece . As soon as it arrived I plugged it in and made a few short phone calls to test it out ... My expensive cordless phones should sound so good ! I ca n't believe the sound quality of this phone for what it cost . I 've tried Uniden , Bell and Radio Shack brands that did n't come close to being this well made with excellent sound quality . Finally a decent corded phone ! I 'm going to set it up at my desk to use regularly .
 read the details , may not do all you are used to.I liked the color and the hard line . they make the same one in black
 If you are looking for a simple phone without a lot of bells and whistles this one is excellent . Purchased it for my hard of hearing Aunt who has complained for years about having problems with all the fancier phones she purchased when it come to hearing . The bell is loud enough for her to hear it and even the incoming voice is loud enough for her to hear . She is thrilled and so are to we to solve her problem . I think it would be great for anyone that just needs a basic phone somewhere in the house .
 This is a great basic phone for a low price . 3 ringer volume settings -LRB- one of which is `` off '' -RRB- . Handset is a little light in weight so it does n't sit on my shoulder as well as other office phones . Voice volume controls are good . I was surprised by the redial feature -- I was n't expecting any features . No complaints !
 Great phone for a desk . Keys are on the body , not on the handset . Very handy . Got it in 3 days .
 This phone , like most other Panasonic products , performs very well . Depending on where and by whom it is advertised , you may see a claim that the listening volume is amplified . It does have an easily adjustable volume control but I find that its max volume is about the same as most other corded telephones ... . so , not much of an advantage . `` Amplified '' does not really apply . Otherwise , a good value .
 I 'm still getting used to dialing on the base rather than in receiver in my hand . I like the phone very much and it works well on my computer desk . I 'm very satisfied .
 I bought it to connect my Headset at my home office ... I just needed a simple phone with dial pad and redial capabilities ... All is fine . . but i feel it is a bit costly for an online shopping . . Because basic Cordless phones are cheaper than these ... for An older technology i expected $ 10 less that the price i paid ... well thats just me ...
 This phone is exactly what I wanted . It does only two things ... it receives calls and makes calls . The numbers are easy to read . The design and quality of construction are excellent . If what you want is a simple phone , this is the answer .
 This was for an elderly person with poor sight and coordination . Since there are many power outages in summer in Florida , I wanted something that did n't need ac power . The unit is basic but does it 's job and not unpleasant looking .
 The phone functions fine . That 's not so much what I cared about . What impressed me about this phone is its high level of design detail . I ca n't believe this phone is $ 12 . The creme/grey color scheme , clear button layout , and iconic design that is saved from the gaudy embellishment -LRB- stickers , colorful buttons , LED displays -RRB- that most telephones exhibit these days . This phone is pure , beautiful , and honest . I no longer use this phone as a telephone . Instead , I literally hung it on my wall like a piece of art , disconnected from any telephone service . Some days I let the handset hang from the iconic coil wire . Other days I let it rest in its housing . I admire it every day.Keep yours safe and clean . I am certain this will be a design icon in the near future .
 I purchased this phone for my elderly mother , she likes it very well , the ringer is loud enough for her to hear it ring , and the handset volume is also loud enough for her to hear the conversation.This is the first phone in a long time she could really hear !
 This phone is simple to set up , and simple to use , because it 's got no bells and whistles.The only things that make me give it 4 stars are1 - the dents where you place the headset are a bit shallow and a bit tight.If they had been deeper and looser , it would make it a lot easier to hang up the phone . Since the dents are shallow and tight , you have to take care to place the headset correctly . An extra quarter inch gap between the sides of the headset and the walls of the dents would 've made it so one can hang up without thinking about it .2 - The cord is short.I have a computer on my desk , and since I spend much more time on the computer than the phone , the phone goes on an adjacent table . I had to keep the cord from my old phone , as the cord that comes with this phone does n't go out that far . Also , the phone is light -LRB- which is a good thing , mind you -RRB- , so when the cord gets stretched , the phone starts getting pulled off the table . A cord that 's a foot or two longer would 've been great.I do like how the buttons have a bit of gap between them . It looks a lot nicer than a scrunched-up keypad where the numbers are all right next to each other with no gap.Overall , a nice phone .
 this panasonic phone works so much better than the ATT corded phones . I can hear louder and clearer , so does the other person on the line . i like the dial keypad on the base for those automated voice prompts . i could n't stand taking the phone away from my ear to push keys .
 Great little phone , so far . It works fine . Only problem is that the volume control distorts the signal somewhat , but for such a cheap price , I ca n't complain too much .
 This phone is easy to install and simple to use . It mated perfectly with the standard phone company-installed wall mount panel . Reception is clear . You do have to take some care in replacing the handset on the phone as the handset hook retainer is somewhat small .
 We were needing a corded phone with adjustable volume for my aging -LRB- and hard of hearing -RRB- mother-in-law . This phone was just what we were looking for , and at a very attractive price . The ringer is loud enough that she can hear it , and the amplified receiver allows her to hear conversations better than before.The only negative I have noticed is the shortness and tight coil of the phone cord , combined with the phone 's light weight , causes it to pull off the table easily . A longer cord would be nice -LRB- and necessary in this case -RRB- . Overall , a good value .
 A corded telephone is a necessity for anyone who has home phone service not controlled by a modem or other electrical means . This phone is simple and as basic as it comes , and a great buy .
 For those wanting a basic `` no frills '' phone , this Panasonic ca n't be beat . It comes as advertised with no frills other than a `` redial '' and a `` flash '' key for switching lines if you have call waiting . But for the price , you get clear sound , and a phone that works even if the electricity is off .
 Large numbers were the selling feature . He also wanted redial . Had for a couple of years . Works fine .
 Phone is simple . No bells and whistles , but solid , easy to use , and you ca n't lose it . Works clearly .
 This excellent storage case exactly met my needs . A full year 's bills/receipts fit in one case , including 8-1/2 x11 inch documents .
 This storage box is perfect for keeping old records , papers , etc. . It is not heavy but still is strong . It also shelves nicely .
 Simple phone that I chose for my 90-year old mother who suffers from mild dementia . Sadly , the auto-dial feature is not ideal for her . I inferred from the picture that there were individual buttons for numbers on speed dial , but it requires one to dial a number from 0 - 9 that corresponds to a specific number - not good for my mother . But It does have a decent sized window to display numbers and she seems able to dial the numbers listed - although she 's not always clear on whom she is calling . But then as she says , `` I ca n't remember a thing except for the last couple of weeks , and frankly , I do n't care . ''
 I love the feel of a good writing instrument and own several Mont Blancs and other fine pens . The Waterman was an outstanding addition to my collection and is one of the pens I use often . It is comfortable in the hand , has an elegant design and writes wonderfully .
 The pen writes very smooth , & was priced at what I consider a good buy . Also my last pen was silver plated , costing twice as much , & very slippery to hold , making it very annoying to try & write with
 I 've used this vendor twice for Waterman pens . I 'm very pleased all the way around .
 This is a good basic two line phone for someone who does n't want the LCD . I have purchased many on these for our different locations .
 This phone has exactly what I needed
 I ordered this phone because I needed a land-based phone with headset capabilities . This was the least expensive model I could find . It works well .
 This phone system is exactly what I expected it to be and always wanted in a phone . I highly recommend it for anyone that needs one for their home or office .
 I have had this telephone for over 3 years now and have absolutely no complaints . People hear me fine , and I hear them well , too . I do not have to raise my voice . I can tell the difference between Line 1 and Line 2 when they ring . I keep my telephone on a shelf . The unit is heavy enough , so it does not fall off while I sit in a chair or move around with the handset . You can also hang it on the wall with a few adjustments . I wish this model had Caller ID and an answering machine , but ...
 I bought this phone primarily for the speaker feature , which works very well . In addition , I find all the other features easy to use and easy to read .
 I have owned this for over 2 years now.Still as beautiful , strong and dependable as when I first installed it.If I ever get add another tv , this will be my first choice .
 I had to choose this rating because it FAR exceeded my expectations . Now I am able to move , rotate and twist my monitor to suit my viewing needs . I have my monitor finally at eye level which if you 've never experienced that you 're in for a treat . I was supplied with all the tools and fasteners I needed to make it work . I HIGHLY recommend this unit to anyone who is tired oe eye strain , neck pain and frustration with having to look DOWN at your monitor . It was money well spent and I 'd do it all over again .
 I have installed two of these now , each holding an additional monitor on either side of an iMac desktop.The Flex Arm comes set up to attach to the edge of a table -- thin and thick tables should work fine as the gap between the pressure plate and the base can be opened to as wide as about 2 '' . Other hardware is included so that you can mount this through a hole in a table surface if you wish -- the instructions show how to do either . And the mounting hardware is also included for both 75mm and 100mm standard plate sizes on the back of your monitor -LRB- s -RRB- . The arm has multiple flex points and allows you to change your monitor for either vertical or horizontal use . A couple different Allen wrenches are included to loosen and tighten the joints . A key point -- and perhaps I am the only one who missed this - but the main height adjustment is accomplished NOT by loosening or tightening a key nut or two , but by pushing in the main , round hub on the main joint . Push it in and you can easily raise and lower your monitor quickly . When you release this joint button , the joint locks in that position . Dumb me ! Spent way too much time trying to loose nuts to raise and lower when I just needed to press that spring loaded button.The swivel at the base is great . The joints that are not designed for repeated adjustment are up next to the monitor where you would make more minor , or fine adjustments -- those two joints are probably best if not changed often.So -- if you need to make frequent small changes this may not be for you . But if you can set and leave the minor adjustments , and use the swivel base to rotate and the push button hub to raise and lower the arm , then this is a great product at a great price.As other reviewers mentioned , the little plastic loops designed to hold your monitor cables are pretty worthless as they fall out if the cables pull on them at all.With those qualifiers , this can be a great product , and I love getting my desk surface back without spending hundreds of dollars for a monitor support.Hope this helps with your decision making ...
 I got 2 of these and I am using one to hold my Macbook Pro above my desktop and the other we use it by attaching it to the coffee table in the living room and using it to hold the ipad .
 I wanted to do a project where I converted a desktop computer into a `` portable '' unit . Small two story coffee table , 4 casters , & one of these arms and now I have a high power computer that can sit beside any of my chairs / couch . No more heavy -LRB- or hot -RRB- laptops .
 This monitor arm has great flexibility for mounting options is easy to adjust and does everything I need it to . I use this arm at my desk for work and I adjust the height several times a day . I both sit and stand at my desk and it has plenty of adjustment .
 This LCD arm was relatively easy to assemble and is a great space saver . It is also very sturdy . It is holding up my 22 inch TV which I use as an external monitor .
 Love this item . Love it , love it , love it . Works even better than I expected . Super easy to install on the desk .
 I 've seen a lot of comments on this item regarding whether or not it will work for monitors beyond it 's rating
 This was nicely packaged and easy to assemble . The instructions are pictures and arrows , which were sufficient . I had three of them assembled and mounted in a matter of minutes . The parts seem strong and durable.It is difficult to get the monitor adjusted exactly where you want it . They have allen screws . Knobs to adjust the tension would have been preferable . A single monitor is not difficult , but getting two or three to sit at the same height is NOT easy ! Once they are there , they are beautiful though !
 I found the Ergotron at a very low price of -LSB- &#8230; -RSB- and free shipping . I was looking for something to bring my computer screen more in line with a normal veiwing angle . I had the screen off to the side of my laztboy and had to keep my head turned to my right for extendeded periods and got many neck and headaches from looking at it like that . This arm-extension bends and turns to get a very nice angle for veiwing . Very fast delivery . I am very pleased with this product and would recommend it for anyone needing such an item .
 Great build quality and very flexible . I am building a zero gravity PC workstation and this arm is one of the few that tilts down more than 15 degrees .
 I can not really improve on the other excellent reviews posted here . My biggest `` concern '' was the last review date was Feb 2006 ;-RRB- So I am posting this to let others know - this stand is still EXCELLENT.I needed two decent , inexpensive LCD desk mounts for my home office IKEA desk . My goal was to improve the amount of working space I had on my desk . I did my online research and while I found cheaper ones , I kept coming back to this one . I just felt more comfortable buying these from Amazon.I have two ASUS 24 '' widescreen monitors -LRB- VW246H and VE246H -RRB- . I had both monitors installed on these mounts within an hour or so - and that included cleaning my desk ; -RRB- These mounts are VERY well made , and look very smart . I have them screwed onto my desk though there are other mounting options also . The pad between the mount and my desk is very durable , so I am not concerned about any damage to my desk top . My monitors are so sturdy on these mounts that I have zero concerns about them getting hurt.My monitors now `` float '' over my desk , easily movable to anywhere I need them . The best part is how much extra USABLE space I have on my desk ! I could n't be happier ! Worth every cent ... 5 STARS
 The Ergotron 45-174-300 Neo-Flex LCD Arm is amazing value for money . I have monitor arms costing almost five times more , but which are not better in any way . The design , construction and finish of this arm are all very impressive . The arm comes with two mounts
 Build quality and ease of installation are very good . I type pretty hard -LRB- a lot of banging on the keys -RRB- , so the monitor does shake a little bit ; I wonder if I changed the angle of the arm if it would be steadier . Not a real problem but was mentioned in another review . Lost one VESA mount screw b/c the baggie it was in had a rip . Otherwise , 15 minutes to being much happier with my ergonomics .
 Most monitor arms try to provide some sort of adjustment mechanism based on tension screws or balancing hydraulics . They never work -- they sag over time and are n't stable.This product uses a far less expensive solution
 This is a good fit for my application and it works great . -- and a good price
 Only reason I did n't give this item 5 Stars is because I know there are cheaper options out there . Granted , they may not have the aesthetics of the Ergotron products but if I was n't spending gift certificate money I would have chosen a cheaper option . But even $ 80 beats the heck out of the $ 149 that most office supply chains are asking - so maybe 4.5 stars.And the movement , adjustment and build quality are all top notch and shipping was very timely as usual .
 Pros : - Very sturdy , typing with it mounted to my desk did not make the screen vibrate . - There is a large range of possible horizontal motions and a decent amount of vertical range . - The price is very good when compared to some of the other products out there . - Can be mounted in multiple ways , i.e. at the edge of you desk with a clamp or in the middle with a drill.Cons : - Some of the hinges to allow motion come from the factory VERY tight . I would loosen some of them a little bit before mounting . - For the 100mm monitors there is an adapter plate that you have to use . This worries me because the monitor seems like it is being held up only by the tension of thumb screws on the monitor . But so far it seems very sturdy .
 I bought 6 of these for work , and now everyone wants one . They are super strong , nice looking on the desk , and useful . My whole office recommends them ! For us , they were worth the money .
 After reading numerous reviews on this product , I decided to give 2 of them a go for a dual display setup . I have a Studio RTA Producer Station desk with the monitor bridge across the top . With my studio monitors , plus an Acer 23 '' , space was at a premium up there , and I had to have my second screen 90 degrees to my left on top of one of my keyboards . PAIN IN THE NECK , literally , from turning my head back and forth . Mounted up my 17 `` HannsG and it went up effortlessly . Holds tight and easy to move around , if needed . Although I do n't plan on it.The aforementioned Acer 23 '' was a little lower than my neck was really comfortable with , even on top of the bridge of my desk . Love that display , HATE the factory stand . ** Note , most reviewers I 've read have maxed out at about a 19 or 22 '' screen . My Acer is under the weight limit of the moutn -LRB- 18lbs -RRB- so I thought I 'd try it . Slapped the adapter -LRB- 75mm to 100 -RRB- on the arm and the display now magically hangs right where it needs to . I will definitely be getting another one of these if I ever need another one . FOr the price , you ca n't beat them !
 i 've been looking for something like this for a long time . everything i found was much more expensive and completely out of my range . this was CHEAP , easy to mount to my desk , holds my monitor securely , and most importantly , moved in all the ways that I want it to ! i can lean back and bring my monitor with me . any angle i want . the only slight problem is that the plastic pieces that hold the cords come apart when you are adding or removing cords , but they stay when you are n't messing with them and the only time to play with the cords is when setting up the monitor , so ... amazing functionality and awesome price . 5 stars !!!
 This is a most precise piece of equipment . Comes with everything you might need for installation . Totally intuitive , no need to read instructions . Very high quality hardware . Extremely versatile .
 I bought this to use with my PC in the garage . I needed it to move monitor from in front of PC to workbench area . All joints of arm can swivel so it has a good range of movement . Quality , value and style are first rate and I would n't hesitate to recommend it .
 save space on my desk , looks modern , easy to clean my workspace and the screen is at the right height of my eye level
 Our Ergotron Neo-Flex LCD Arm Extension Desk Mount for our PC is just what the doctor ordered or at least the Physical Therapist . We were having trouble -LRB- I with my neck/he with his back -RRB- with our regular computor screen . I thought I would try this . It was easy to install and works perfect for both of us . Thanks . Pat M. Shorewood , WI
 Great product , simple to set up . Rather than use the edge clamp , I drilled a small hole in my desk to use the through-clamp . I think it looks better this way . -LRB- But both clamps are included in the box , and easy to switch out . -RRB- Cleared a LOT of desk space for me , compared to the old LCD stand . I can push my keyboard back under the monitor and have plenty of space to work , or push back the LCD , remove the keyboard , and have an almost completely clear desktop!It reminds me of when I switched from an old CRT to my first LCD and marveled at all the new space I had ... I ordered a second arm , which I plan to modify to hold a laptop I use as a secondary computer.I shopped around , and other LCD arms were from $ 125 on up through $ 350 or more . For $ 65-ish , this is a great deal.The one problem
 The Neo-Flex LCD Arm works great . Very nice . Works great with my 21 ' Dell Flat panel . I would recommend it to every one . This product saves my back from lots of unnecessary pain .
 Most ergo arms for monitors are ridiculously over priced , but this one was well within my budget . It is very well built and looks great for the unusually low price . Install was very simple ; just tighten the clamp to your desk and attach your monitor . It has held up very well so far in the month that I 've had it . I do wish it were adjustable without having to loosen & re-tighten the allen bolt at each particular pivot point you want to move it about , but all-in-all not a big deal . I would certainly recommend this arm .
 I 've been using this LCD arm for over a year now and I love it , it is very strong arm , monitor never shakes and I can position it perfectly .
 Before I got this arm , I had my ViewSonic VX2250WM-LED over a Fellowes printer stand -LRB- believe or not -RRB- . I had that since I 'm 6.1 '' and to have the monitor just over my desk made my neck to hurt 'cause I had to lean a little bit . The stand worked fine , but it was n't `` good looking '' over my desk and took a lot of space over it . I found this Ergotron arm in amazon.com and after reading the reviews I purchased it and I 'm totally satisfied with the investment.I got rid of the printer stand , now I have the monitor over this great looking and strong built arm and even I got it to to be at a better hight level , could n't be more happy with this . Read the other 5 star reviews , they 're not liying .
 Installation was a bit of a pain as well as adjusting it . It could be a 2 person job depending on the size of the monitor . Overall pretty solid product .
 I worked on an iMac and added a second display . I needed a cheap LCD mount that I could attach to my desk . At the time , this would have been a 5-star review
 I am very pleased with this product . It was very easy to install and set up . All the extra space on my desk is greatly appreciated .
 I used this arm to mount a 23 '' LCD monitor to my desk . Despite the fact that I have a fairly deep desk , I was able to use the clamp bracket , because of the generous 20 '' reach . The interchangable grommet mount is a nice option to have if I ever need it . The arm is very solid and sturdy and allows a full range of motion and adjustment . While the movement feels a bit stiff , this is understandable when considering that the arm will hold a large monither with little or no movement or vibration -- where you set it is where it stays . I 've noticed a few complaints about having to push the release button on the arm to move it up or down , but this is a very small drawback given the practically endless adustments you can make by tilting the monitor side to side , up and down , swivel left and right , move in and out , and rotate the monitor in either direction , all by simply grabbing the monitor an moving it where you want it . This feature , along with the very solid feel of all of the hardware , and overall styling and good looks , make this a bargain compared to other arms costing $ 100 + . I love everything about this arm and it exceeded my expectations in every aspect .
 This monitor arm is very sturdy and easy to set up . Potential buyers should be aware , however , that the arm only moves when holding in the button in the middle of the arm . This is not a problem for me but I had a assumed the whole arm could be moved like a dentist 's lamp or x-ray machine . I 'm not sure why both of my references involve a dentist office .
 This extension arm is great !!! The gray finish is very nice and its versatility is awesome . I 'm using it to hold a 19 '' monitor well . . tv . I lay back in my lazy boy with my cordless keyboard and mouse . When i 'm finished all i have to do is swing the tv to the side and go on my way . With my experience , a great purchase .
 One of the best monitor arms I have ever used . Some are more adjustable , but this one does the trick without being wobbly . Sturdy construction and really looks good too. ,
 Very versatile and great space saving . The monitor is where it should be now-at eye level . It has made a world of difference to us . We can enjoy our viewing on the computer and no longer need to prop this or that and constantly adjust our necks and sitting positions.We rec 'd it fast and it is exactly as advertised . Very heavy duty and fits right up against the wall . We are very pleased .
 So far it 's holding up my 22 '' LCD w/o problem . I got it so I can rotate the screen and move it out of the way when not in use . The rotated widescreen is n't as useful as the old 3:4 screen . Moving it back and forth could be smoother/easier , but at this price , I am not complaining . Beside , once it 's set-up , the LCD does n't really get move around that much .
 Works like it is suppose too ... For the money this is a great product and would recommend it ... It is handling my 22 inch wide screen LCD with no problems ... Thanks Amazon for fast and free shipping ...
 Reasonably priced , works exactly as advertised . Easy to install if you skip the instructions that come in the box and go straight to the website .
 I used this mount with a 22 '' Samsung LCD -- did n't have any problems with weight / holding it place . The arm is a little difficult to setup , and the lower and raise button is not easy to use . If you do n't need to adjust your monitor position frequently this product should work fine . If you need something with a little more flexibility go with the Ergotron LX . I 'd buy this product again .
 I looked at these for a couple months before I bought one . Amazon had the best price at the time I bought mine . This product is well made and very sturdy and has several adjustment and installation options . I am using it with a 19 '' Planar LCD . What more to say , this thing is great and worth every penny ! Thanx Amazon !
 It 's a very decent mount . Comes with everything you need . I wish it had a longer extension arm . And the arms are somewhat stiff when you try to move the screen .
 I bought this desk-mount arm based on the positive reviews I read from other people and I have to agree that this is a great product . I also agree with a few mentions of the arm being factory tightened too tight in some places so that it is almost impossible to loosen and adjust as freely as I would like . Getting my PC monitor off of my desk is bonus enough for me so the few limitations are n't enough to deter me from enjoying this item overall .
 After much research I decided on this unit because of its construction and price . I am very impressed with it - very well built w/hardware for all types of installation . It is now holding up my 19 '' Dell monitor.Note
 I 've mounted a Viewsonic VX2233 -LRB- 21.5 '' widescreen -RRB- monitor ; seems to hold up just fine.The friction of the joints are a little stiff ... I 'm afraid of it wearing under continous motion.The mounting clamp is easily installed , but the bracketing for the monitor could use a redesign for quick-connecting . Currently , it 's either you secure the arm on the monitor and mount the arm/monitor together on the desk ... or you mount the arm and attempt to secure the monitor to the arm . Risky without a second pair of hands , either way.Overall . Good buy .
 The thing is a bit rigid for a name like `` flex '' , but it was exaclty what I was looking for . To my surprise , the price is very close to the one without the extention arm .
 This monitor extension arm came with multiple mounting options , making it simple to set up for my application . The instructions were clear and complete . Best of all , it easily supports my 23 '' LCD Monitor , and has given valuable desktop real estate back to me . I strongly recommend this monitor arm for users who need an easy to adjust monitor arm with a fairly long reach .18 Month Update - I still love this arm . I reposition my monitor often . The movement of the arm is still smooth , and once set in a position , it holds it .
 This is the second monitor stand of this model I have purchased . It is extremely robust and easy to install -LRB- I use the through the desk `` grommet '' method , not side clamping -RRB- I find that using two seperate stands , rather than a single piece dual stand , allows more positioning flexability.I would recommend this stand to any one looking for strength , durability and flexibility .
 Item arrived in a very timely manner . Was exactly what was ordered . We ended up not needing them . Returned for a full refund . Funds promptly returned , without issue . Would definately do business with again .
 i have a Samsung 226BW monitor and the stands that comes with it is not flexible at all so i thought why not get a new stands for my monitor then i found this Ergotron product at a great price and it was easy to install and also hold the monitor easily and i highly recommended it .
 well designed and works great . Do n't know why I waited . I 've always want me apple cinema display in portrait mode . the are moves very well .
 My wife and I live in a small apartment , and have the computer in our room . This desktop monitor mount allows us to raise or lower the screen so we can watch movies from bed , yet folds back up for use from the desk . It 's great ! I 'm glad I got it.I was amazed at how much it adjusts and rotates . The arm as certain settings to click into , but the rest is your imagination how you want to move the monitor around . I did n't try to loosen anything . It was pretty tight when I got it , but after a couple weeks of use it moves just fine .
 Initially I had an issue where a screw was missing from the packing . A quick chat to the manufacturer and I was able to get an overnight shipment for that piece . They were very helpful and accomodating , took 15 minutes to generate the RMA.This product is excellent and very flexible . It can gromit mount , or clamp to the side of a desk . I have tried both and they work great . The arm is very flexible and can be worked to fit almost any desktop it would seem . I 'm also very happy that the clamp and other mechanisms have adequate padding/safety as to not damage my new desk . They fit gracefully and require minimal assembly know-how . Great arm , especially for the price range ... a steal !!!
 I was a bit concerned as only one other person mentioned this work with a 22 '' LCD . Here 's a tip - check the weight of your monitor -LRB- without the stand -RRB- - the Neo-Flex supports up to 18lbs and my 22 '' Acer only weighs 10lbs . I 've look at a few 24 '' LCDs and they seem to be in the 14-15lbs range so this arm would support those too.The arm works like a charm . I 've been using it for about two months and it is solid like the first day . Mounting was really easy , and despite knowing before hand what to expect I was pleasantly surprised to see all the mounting options it comes with.I also really liked the nice touch it adds with the cable routing clip . It 's not very solid and cables do escape it every once in a long while , but it 's still a nice thing to have.If I were to find something to pick at , it 'd be the way the vertical tilt works - one of the axis of movement is at 45 degrees to the rest of them , so adjusting the vertical tilt is a not just a single operation , but you have to work a few seconds to get both the tilt and the rotation perfectly aligned . Not a negative point by any stretch of imagination.Due to the positive experience with this purchase , I am considering a laptop arm-extension too .
 Took a bit to figure out the diagrams for this but once I puzzled that out works great .
 The arm was easy to install and is a great value relative to other similar arms . One note - the description would have you believe that the arm includes only a grommet mount - it actually includes both clamp and grommet mounts .
 I purchased this arm for my 22 '' LCD monitor and at first I was disappointed to find that the joints did not hold the monitor in place - the monitor would bow down under its weight . However after reading that these joints need to be fastened with a lot of force , I went back and tried again . I must say that I had to make a lever in order to fasten the adjustment screws to keep the monitor in an upright position . I could n't do it with the small tools included . In addition , these joints come loose when moving the monitor around so it will need fastening every now and then . That 's why I did n't give it 5 stars.The product instruction sheet says that the arm can take up to 8 kg -LRB- 16 lb -RRB- of weight , so my 5kg monitor is not too heavy.Otherwise , the product looks nice , does n't take up as much space on the desk as monitor 's own stand and allows the monitor to be set in almost any position .
 I have purchased several of these for our office . Managers really like them as it allows you to push your flat screen out of the way when you are conducting meetings or interviews.The only thing you need to watch is to make sure the arm is `` tight '' so your flat screen does n't fall and hit your desk . You could really damage your screen if it fell on a hard surface.This is the best price I have found to date also . Great product and I would recommend highly .
 This is my first arm . I bought it basically to test the product and , so far so good . I ca n't compare it to others , but it holds my 19 inch dell without the slightest hint of a problem . I have no doubt it would hold a 22 incher just as well.Rotate , tilt , raise , lower , pull forward , push back ... whatever . This arm allows you to orient your monitor in any number of ways.It is very well built , solid , and suitably heavy . I 'm using the clamp to hold to the rear of my desk and its solid.If you 're a keyboard banger the vibration does indeed transfer a bit to the monitor through the arm , but it is n't anything annoying and you quickly compensate.All in all a very good product . I have no reason to give it less than five stars.Update -LRB- 2009/05/27 -RRB-
 I 've owned this monitor stand for about a month , and I 'm using it to hold up myWestinghouse L2410NM 24-inch Widescreen LCD Monitor -LRB- Black -RRB- . Before buying , I was a little worried about whether it 'd be able to hold up the weight of my monitor , because the product description says 22 '' is the maximum supported size . I decided to go for it after I saw the weight rating on Ergotron 's website
 It is unusual when the most inexpensive option works out great . If you are thinking of buying a monitor arm , buy this . This product is great , and I 'm very happy with it . It 's very sturdy -- holds my 22 '' with no problem . The kit is very versatile -- from the desk/grommet mount , to the monitor size , and all the angles/viewing positions it can be in . I am very very pleased with this purchase , i was a little worried since this was under $ 70 when other models were over $ 100 , but this product exceeded my expectations , and does more than i thought it would/could do . Hurray for Ergotron!In some of the reviews folks complain about the arms being too tight or stiff to move freely -- all the joints have adjustable allen screws to manage the tightness of the movement ; so if folks think it 's too tight , they just need to loosen the screws with the supplied allen wrench . This is not really an issue with this product at all , since all the joints have adjustable tightness . If you do n't loosen them , they will be tight and wo n't move -- but is n't that what you want
 I absolutely love this LCD arm . When I was looking for a new LCD monitor , I was shocked to find that most of the LCDs on the market today do not have the ability to rotate to portrait mode . That feature is really only found on the Dell ultrasharp LCDs , which cost much more than most LCDs on the market today.After doing some research , I came across the Ergotron website and found the `` new '' model of this arm for double the cost of the one listed above . The model listed above is last years model , but the only real difference is the style/looks . I still say this arm is very stylish.In the box , you will find all the parts needed to mount the arm a variety of ways . The most common way is to clap it to the rear of your worksurface , but a grommet is also included so that you could drill a hole through your surface and clamp it to the hole.The arm is very strong -LRB- the manufacturer says it can hold up to a 20 '' , but I am using a 22 '' samsung 226BW widescreen LCD with no problems -RRB- . The arm can be lowered or raised 6-8 '' -LRB- maybe more -RRB- , and the LCD can be tilted up/down , and rotated . All this can be done without having to move any cables.If you are looking for a great way to easily turn your LCD from landscape to portrait mode , this is a great choice . It makes reading documents -LRB- PDFs , websites , etc -RRB- much easier -LRB- especially if you have a widescreen LCD -RRB- .
 The Neo-flex stand might seem pricey to some , but this is a case of getting what you pay for as it is well worth the money . This stand is versatile
 Pros
 I have been using this unit for about 3 months now and have been pleased in its performance ... I purchased this at the same time as a 22 '' wide screen from Samsung -LRB- 226BW , the stock stand is terrible -RRB- , and was a little leery of the combination . I knew the screen was around 10 pounds and the arm could handle up to 18 , but the screen was much larger than the 19 '' that the manufacturer recommended.Thankfully this combination fits my needs quite well . I can use the screen in portrait and landscape mode -LRB- using NVIDIA 's software -RRB- which makes document typing a much more pleasant task . Also I am 6 ' and my girlfriend is 5 ' 6 '' -LRB- again the Samsung did not have height adjustment -RRB- so we can lower and raise the monitor to both of our needs . The lift arm locks into place , which ensures that your LCD investment wo n't go crashing to your desk.Not allot of complaints about this product but like everything it 's not perfect ... The unit came with all of the swivel heads tightened down extremely tight , I actually broke the included allen wrench . Also the routing clips are made of cheap plastic while the rest of the unit is cast metal.Like it or not I spend quite a bit of time on the computer and this product has made that time a little more pleasant .
 I use this for a 22 '' LCD , and I would not use it for anything larger than a 24 '' screen . The weight of the monitor requires you to tighten the hinges -LRB- or the monitor will fall -RRB- fairly tightly and then you will have to force the monitor -LRB- or loosen the hinges -RRB- to get it to move which will cause you to cringe as you hear the monitor shell bend.The cable clips are worthless . Just throw them out and use zip ties . They are two parts that do n't stay together , are too small to fit a high quality VGA , -LRB- or HDMI or DVI -RRB- cable and power cord , and even if they did are not strong enough to hold them in place -LRB- as they are slotted at bottom -RRB- . The arm offers desk-side and though hole mounts . Both are very easy to use and effective.The Top of the mount is rubber , so it wo n't mar your desktop.The vesa plates fit well and are good quality -LRB- I 've seen some cheap arms that need some drill work for the vesa plates to fit -RRB- . There is also not too much extra metal , so they will fit in older style recessed dell monitors -LRB- again a problem with some other vesa plates -RRB- vesa mounts.I think it is perfectly fine for people who do n't adjust a monitor often . For single users who may adjust it once a day , This should be fine . I would put some loc-tite on the hinge screws . -LRB- as they will back out with normal use -RRB- . If you do that you will be all set.For public computer stations where multiple users may be moving the monitor on a daily basis , I would invest in a higher quality , and more intuitive to use arm -LRB- I say that because the hinges get at weird angles and then it rotates strangely , as well as the fact that you have to press the center hinge to get it to release -RRB- . It really is a 3 star product for a good price . For the price , its hard to beat and it offers some good adjustment options for infrequent adjusters . If you plan to adjust it a lot definitely tweak the screw tension and set it with loctite . -LRB- when you get a setting you like , mark the position with a marker ... apply the thread-locker , and tension until the marks line up again -RRB-
 I find the monitor arm did exceed my expectation :1 . Robust construction -LRB- strong enough to hold my 22 '' LCD monitor in place -RRB- 2 . Convinient and reliable way to attach to the different surfaces3 . Elegant look
 I have n't found anything objectionable about this . from complete package inclusion of every possible mounting necessity to form and function there is nothing to complain about.PS , I 'm a 66 year old man and had zero problems understanding and implementing installation and subsequent use .
 I have a twenty four inch LED monitor and it works very well . It is very easy to use and stays where it is put .
 Due to another vender -LRB- See Leather Chair Review -RRB- I 'm not able to use this item as planned but it is being used and it O.K. Just wish it could tilt further .
 After searching for cheaper alternatives , I settled on the Neo-Flex as a result of its telescoping abilities and overall flexibility . The unit -LRB- now installed -RRB- is far sturdier than expected , both in terms of the construction material itself and joints , screws , etc. . The unit did not fit on my desk out of the box -LRB- my desk has a thick edge -RRB- , but I was able to overcome this by inverting the bottom mount.Overall
 I purchased this mounting arm to orient my second monitor -LRB- LG IPS235T 23-Inch Monitor -RRB- in portrait mode ; the monitor 's stand does not rotate like that . I was very impressed with how solid this arm is . It was easy to position the arm exactly how I wanted and to lock down the arm with the included wrenches . Attaching the monitor was easy with the thumbscrews - I did n't need a second person to hold the monitor while I used a screwdriver.The arm mounts to a desk or shelf several different ways . This arm is n't limited to clamping on the edge of a desk ; the clamp comes apart so the arm can be secured through a hole in the desk -LRB- such as a hole to route wiring through -RRB- . I 'm impressed with the thought that went into the design of this arm.The instructions are reasonably clear , though it took me a minute to figure out how to get the arm to pivot up and down -LRB- press the joint itself -RRB- . This is a very sturdy arm - I would buy this product again .
 I 've held off on purchasing a monitor stand for some time due to the cost of them . I finally broke down and purchased one for my new 1080p 24 '' monitor . This is a high-quality stand that is extremely flexible . Installation is super easy and fast . Overall , I am very pleased with my purchased and am buying another for my second monitor .
 Beautifully designed mount ! I needed to free up space on my -LRB- actual -RRB- desktop , and this did it for me quite elegantly ! It moves in all planes , and locks where you want it . I 'm glad I checked Amazon before buying , as eBay prices were much higher .
 If you need a monitor arm that provides you with full range of motion at a reasonable price , this is it . Simple to install , it took me about 15 minutes to set the thing up and after I was finished I knew if I had to set up a second one it would only take 5 . Everything needed is included . It 's that easy . It operates beautifully , is hardly noticeable and opens up my desk for other tasks . Smart addition if more than one person is using the same computer . PAC
 I bought two of these mounts for 2 Dell 19 '' monitors I have at work . Install was an absolute breeze . They come assembled and ready to istall . I simply took them out of the box , screwed the Grommets onto my desk , then screwed on the monitors.They swing away easy and are pretty simple to adjust . I do recommend keeping the monitors in a fixed location for the most part however , because I can see them starting to get a bit loose and not holding their position well with a lot of excessive adjustments.Delivery was very fast as well . Showed up several days early . Overall , I highly recommend these mounts !
 This arm was exactly what I needed . It came pre-assmebled and all I had to do was connect it to my desk and monitor . It allows me to move my monitor with ease anywhere I prefer .
 This product is made from quality materials and performs as advertised . It was easy to assemble .
 This is a solid , well built and sturdy monitor arm . As others have noted , do n't expect to move this often . It is designed to lock in one place , maybe rotate from side to side but thats it . Right now it is holding my Acer 20 '' monitor with no problems . It took a while to setup and get it `` just right '' but now that it 's in place , there are no problems ! I use it on a drafting table and it 's not especially tall , about 11 '' from tabletop to the bottom of the monitor . However , with all the adjustments , aesthetics and build quality , it is well worth the money .
 For quite some time my wife has been wanting an LCD monitor arm for her home office . Being the cheapskate that I am , I just could n't justify spending more on an arm than we spent for the display . Well , my research paid off . The Ergotron Neo-Flex is just what we needed . It is very well made , sturdy , and easy to set up . Having never owned one of these before , I was a bit apprehensive at first that it would not support the weight of our 19 '' monitor and come crashing down . No problem . We usually keep it fully extended , it works like a champ . It 's great having so much more free space on the desktop . I searched around and thank Amazon for having the best price on the Net . Highly recommended !
 I think my headline says it all . I have a rolling standup desk and needed to get my 21 '' monitor up above my recording monitor speakers . Plus , I wanted the monitor to be fixed to the desk for when I move it . I used the clamp and had the whole thing setup in less than 10 minutes . It adjusts from every angle , so you can get the perfect setup .
 Bought one of these for my living room computer which was to have no desk , the screen swings out in front of my recliner . When i replaced that computer with an all in 1 touchscreen it worked beautifully for that as well and ordered another to setup the first at my desk . Bought the third for my guest computer because the tiny -LRB- old mini roll top -RRB- desk could n't fit a keyboard mouse and screen.They mount in any direction -LRB- with a bolt-through or a clamp -RRB- and the joints can be tightened in place so it can hold your screen where ever you want , of left loose enough to let you swing the screen out of the way.The only part i was displeased with was the cable-holders , they do n't hold cables . They 're supposed to snap together in the arm , but the snap is so week that if you ever move the arm they come apart ; I simply used zip-ties through the holes for the original holders .
 I purchased two arms for a dual monitor setup . Setting up was not that difficult and adjustment options are pretty impressive . The only problem I encountered was with using one of the hex wrenches to loosen and tighten the joints . One literally snapped under the pressure , so be careful with the included tools which seem to be of much lower quality than the arms . Both arms work very well for adjusting height , position , and rotating the monitors between landscape and portrait modes .
 I had a old school LCD monitor arm -LRB- converted from model for CRT -RRB- which is very heavy duty but somehow like a robot arm in a factory.This Neo-Flex is totaly different from my previous one and designed for LCD flat panels . Its arm is somewhat more organic and well built . Although someone may concern about the limited vertical move ability , I think it is fine as long as I do n't move it verticaly often . -LRB- moving in horizontal directions is very easy by the way -RRB- The most impressive part is the joint of the arm . It uses cupper -LRB- or something look like the cupper color -RRB- washier in between the sandblasted-silver color main parts . I 'll feel comfortable to see it in any highly decorated office or even display in art musieums ... -LRB- not DMV though ... lol -RRB- OverallPro
 We used this in our company for someone who needs her PC 's 20 '' LCD monitor lower , but also has to move it out of the way occasionally . This model fit the bill perfectly . It was easy to install , clamping to the desk without any additional tools or drilling . The person using it can get it to just the right height without having to resort to tools , and it swings out of the way when she needs more desk space . The unit is solid and feels like it could take some abuse . The only ding I give it is the ability to tilt ; for that , a hex wrench is needed . OTOH , we have never needed to do that after the initial setup , so a fatal flaw it is n't . I would give it 4.5 stars , but I 'll round up to 5 .
 This is a strong desk mount , I used 2 zip ties to solve the cord clamp problem -LRB- which was n't even a problem -RRB- . It has decent reach , and is easier to move than people suggest . The clamp works great and I did n't have to mount with the bolt-through assembly . It easily holds my monitors weight and could probably hold a 24 '' or bigger widescreen.It has holes near the 2 bushings to drip machine oil in so that it never seizes up.This thing makes it possible for me to game on my PC from a recliner without having to dislocate my neck , in other words it 's a life saver.Amazon had it cheaper than newegg . GOOOOO Amazon !
 acceptable arm functionality , you must use tools to achieve the desired setting , but for my needs and the price is sufficient .
 this arm did exactly what i wanted it to do . Easy to install and easy to use
 I 'm getting older , it 's simple as that . Sometimes I need to have the screen just a bit closer to me . Laugh if you will but at least I 'm not chasing you off my lawn.I was about to order a budget mount and at the very last second I changed my mind and went for the neoflex , and I 'm glad I did . The budget mounts need to be tightened whenever they are moved and at least the ones I saw , did not support rotation.Pros - Solid feel - No sagging -LRB- Dell 20 '' 2005fpw -RRB- - Landscape/Portrait rotation - Push button for height adjustment -LRB- no knob/screw to tighten and/or sag -RRB- - Includes clamp and grommet mount option.Cons - Included wire guides are terrible , but their mounting holes are perfect for velcro straps - The joint responsible for aspect rotation was too stiff out of the box , and it does not have any sort of indentations so you can feel 90deg turns , you have to go by eye.Overall the Neo-Flex is well made , stable and sturdy . While it 's a bit more than the budget mounts , it 's still relatively affordable and worth it 's price . I will be ordering another to go with my second monitor .
 My husbands loves this ! It saves him desk top space . He plans to get a second one for his second monitor soon .
 I recently purchased a large monitor which fit my desk nicely , but I wanted to use my old Acer 22 '' wide screen as a second monitor for which there was no ideal location on the desktop . After looking at almost all the desk and wall mounts on Amazon , I settled on the Ergotron 45-174-300 , based on the reviews I had seen.I was n't disappointed . It is one sturdy piece of hardware . After receiving it , I realized the best place to mount it was several inches further in from the end of the desk than the clamp mount would accomodate . No problem . It comes with an alternate mount that needs only one hole for a bolt through the desktop . That was perfect for my needs . One thing I feel I should mention . The mount I used is great if you have a thick , sturdy desktop . If you do n't , consider placing a 1 ft. square piece of 3/4 '' plywood below the desktop to distribute and stress mounting your monitor places on the desktop.Adjustments are simple and you can change the resistance to movement of each joint with the supplied allen screws . The allen wrenches for these screws are supplied in the package . The instructions are easy to follow.I usually do n't say this about hardware , but it looks quite nice . : - -RRB-
 This Ergotron arm extension was bought to mount a 22 '' HD monitor from which , in my particular situation , needed to be positioned directly above my computer monitor on a desk with sturdy shelving directly behind it . The mounting of the extension base is by compression mount -LRB- think C-clamp -RRB- and allowed me to exactly choose where I located the base on that shelving to allow for the best swing and position of the monitor . Once the monitor was mounted to the arm -LRB- with four screws , included -RRB- and positioned with the optimal tilt of the screen , allen-head screws were tightened at the joints needing to remain in a locked , stationary position . The arm has performed perfectly . It is of very sturdy construction and great design . I could n't have made a better choice if I would have spent four times the money . I 'm very satisfied with the purchase and highly recommend it to others who need to mount a monitor in the same way .
 Some people complained about how the joints on it are too tight , but that 's silly because the joints ' tightness is adjustable . It takes using a tool -LRB- that is provided with the mount -RRB- to tighten or loosen whatever joints are necessary.I use an AOC 2230 something or other monitor -LRB- 22 inches , 11 lbs i think -RRB- . It works perfectly . The color does n't perfectly match my black monitor , but ... I do n't care.There was no assembly required . It came completely assembled . Admittedly , I did have to take the edge-mount off because I 'm using the grommet , but that was n't very hard.There are rubber/foamish pads at the bottom of either mount where the stand touches the desk . These provide a great buffer between the mount and desk so that wood wo n't scratch , the mount will stay put , etc.I 've never used any other mount of comparable complexity , but this is exactly what I wanted.bravo !
 This a good value and meets/exceeds the expected quality and serviceability . The need was to enable viewing of a computer monitor from several different positions/angles with steady , solid support . This grumpy guy is happy .
 This product far exceeded my expectations . I look for a while trying to find the appropriated monitor stand . There were several listed that were close to $ 200 . I thought I 'd give this a try and it is excellent . It worked exactly as promised and had several mounting solutions . Even though it is light in weight it feels very sturdy and I do n't feel that my monitor is `` at risk '' . Highly recommend .
 Purchased for home use . This is a real value for clearing desk clutter . I 'll admit it - I 'm a messy desk guy & need space for stacks of stuff . There 's a little ` chatter ' -LRB- vibration -RRB- when swinging the arm . But it holds position perfectly - and I move the monitor around quite a bit . Up-down adjustment is a little awkward , but once I found ` my ' height I have n't changed height anyway . Appears heavily built with well designed/constructed joint architecture & easy install . If you find lower price , remember to check shipping charges .
 just got this the other day . i mounted a 24 inch Asus led monitor to it . it 's perfect for what i need . it frees up needed desk space for me . very sturdy , good build quality and cool design
 This is a great way to keep a small desk 's space available and keep the stand off of it . I mounted it on the window sill and it 's holding just fine off the the right of my laptop . You have to purchase the correct monitor to fit the bracket , though .
 This product does what it should . Keeps the monitor completely out of the way and swivels nicely for other views .
 This is one of the best desktop monitor mounts . I have 3 of them and they all work wonderfully . Very sturdy and all joints can be tightened with an Allen wrench to make them rigid . The only downfall of this device is that it doesnt add much height adjustability . You can raise and lower the monitor but say you want to raise one monitor above another then this is not the device . The LX version of this is different and possibly better but this model here is probably your best deal for the price .
 This is an incredibly well-built product . There are two minor issues
 I have been using it with a 23 '' Samsung monitor for over a year , and I am very happy with it . It is extremely adjustable and sturdy . I tilt the monitor for web shopping , and for working on some large portrait type documents , and its great . I installed this mount as far as I could from the monitor , so it appears to be suspended over my desk which is nice , and it frees a lot of space compared to the original monitor base . Once you tighten the screws at the right torque , it never requires more adjustments . The only thing I do n't like is the cord clip system , because it does n't keep cables in place , but that can be easily solved with small nylon ties . This mount is great for the money .
 I looked at a number of support arms for my monitor but went with this one because it both elevates and extends the monitor forward and back . Very well made , heavy construction , and feels very sturdy . I wish it could move without having to loosen and then retighten things but I could n't find one that would do that . I had hoped to find one that moved like a spring arm lamp but could n't . This as as close as I came and it is very good .
 This arm works great and is holding my 24 inch monitor without trouble . Packaging states that it has a maximum load of 18 lbs and my monitor is only 12.5 lbs , so be sure to check your monitor weight before you order if your larger than the 22 inch size limit it mentions .
 Truly a great product . This is a very sturdy stand that fits 75mm x 75mm or 100mm x 100mm standard mounts and comes with the necessary parts for both mounting sizes . I used it with my Dell P2412H and it has held up nicely , even though the specs only list up to a 22 &#34; monitor size . Only complaint is the required depth for the table clamp , if you have a desk with a front apron/perpendicular side 2-3 inches from the edge of the desk , this probably wo n't work for you , since the clamp needs at least 3-4 inches depth to get a good stable bite on the table top.Overall a great product , as it adjusts every which way to fit you .
 I 'm still amazed that this LCD monitor arm is as inexpensive as it is . This is a very solidly-built item . I used it on a high-top table that was converted to a standing desk , and was able to install it in minutes . All hardware and tools are included in the package . The unit installs with a clamp , but can also be flush-mounted through the table top if needed . Each pivot point can have its tightness adjusted with the included hex wrenches . So if you have a lighter monitor , you can loosen up certain pivot points you will be using a lot . Even the cable guides are nice and solid , so you have a place to run the wires from the monitor to the PC . I will definitely buy other items from Ergotron as I need them .
 I am constantly moving this mount into various positions and it works worderfully with my 13 lb smart display . The height adjustment is a little stiff but if you do n't plan to be changing the height constantly as I am , it proves to be very reliable .
 I do n't really need too move my screen around a whole lot , but I was wanting to clear up some of the clutter around my monitor.This arm provides me with a fairly large area beneath the screen to work and store documents and what not . Moving up and down is not difficult , but not as easy as the other directions . I like it .
 While I was not thrilled with the instruction sheet , I loved the way this item looks so I went ahead and installed it.Like others , I had no problems using this to hold a 27 &#34; monitor . My Viewsonic only weighs 12 # so it is well within the manufacturers recommendation.It looks great ! Everyone who walks into my office comments on it ... all positive .
 I purchased this mount for my 24 &#34; display and was originally worried since it 's intended for smaller displays . However , my display weighed less than the limit so I figured it was worth trying.Setup was very easy , as the arm comes fully assembled with the side-mount clamp and the 75 mm VESA mount already attached . I just had to attach a 100mm adapter to fit my larger display and then I was in business . The mount works really well and the size of my display does n't seem to be a hindrance at all.Some of the reviewers have noted that the display only supports about 8 &#34; of vertical lift . However , this did n't prove to be a problem at all for me . I was able to position the display everywhere I wanted on my desk and the lift was more than sufficient to allow for rotating the 24 &#34; display into vertical orientation.My only complaint is that the height adjust requires pushing a button on the swing arm , and that button feels really stiff . It makes it difficult to adjust the height casually which is a bit frustrating . However , this is my first arm mount so I do n't know if that 's a standard limitation of arm mounts.I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for their first LCD arm mount .
 The Ergotron Neo-Flex LCD monitor arm is a great product so far with only one small issue.The arm installs pretty easily . You can install it with the included clamp mount or with the also included grommet mount . If your desk allows you to use the clamp mount you probably want to go that route as it 's quicker and easier . The grommet mount requires removing the clamp from the base , drilling a 1/4 '' hole and then attaching the mount to the desk with the nut and washer plate that are also included.The arm has all of the advertised movement capabilities and the adjustments are pretty simple to make . However , the included instructions DO NOT describe how toe raise the height of the arm . The main arm has two large discs which look like they should allow the arm to raise and lower . The trick is that one side of these discs is a button . Press this button while slightly raising the arm and it will raise and lower up to eight inches as advertised.Once again , there is no mention of how to do this in the instructions which are really just a series of pictures . The size of the bolt for the grommet mount is n't described , either . Finding that was a matter of trial and error.In all I would recommend this mount to anyone looking for an inexpensive mount for a monitor .
 As an IT manager I have deployed many different monitor arms over the years . The issues I face are build quality , stability , aging and versatility.My office has been dropping $ 180 on average on Humanscale which are very nice items indeed and come with a life time warranty . Being on a tighter budget and deploying them wide scale to everyone who has two monitors became a chore and a budget concern . We tried several that were cheap and they just fell apart or never held the weight right.I love the Ergotron Neo-Flex as it is built incredibly well and is arguable just as good and better in other respects to Humanscale . It clamps the table firmly , the joints are tight and motion is fluid . I have purchased approximately 50 of these and am just about to buy another 50 . People like the look of them and they hold 24 '' monitors with no issue.The only thing I can complain about this item is that it will only reach across a table about 20 '' where some others reach 2ft but that is already quite a distance . The other gripe would be that the wire tidy clips are flimsy and fall off.Overall this unit compares to others in the $ 160 range and is a no brainer for large deployments . Big thumbs up !!!! Just buy it .
 I recently opened a PC repair shop . Since space is limited -LRB- and to avoid knocking the monitor off the repair bench when moving PCs -RRB- , I bought this . * The price on this model is a steal . A similar model at F * y 's was almost twice the price . * The fit and finish are excellent . I have it mounted to an IKEA Galant series workstation -LRB- 3/4 '' laminate particle board -RRB- . The base is rock solid ; I doubt an F5 tornado could knock it loose . * Adjusting the monitor swivel is a snap with one hand . Once set , it stays in place unless you decide to move it . * My only minor nit-picks are that the assembly instructions are a bit vauge on mounting the monitor -LRB- however , it 's easy to figure out -RRB- and the built-in cable management system could be a bit better -LRB- no worries ; a $ 5 package of cord wrap works and looks nicer -RRB- . A WORD OF WARNING WHEN PURCHASING ANY MONITOR MOUNT
 I used the Ergotron to get my LCD closer to my face and away from the speakers in my music studio . It did the job perfectly . The arm is very attractive and functional . I would recommend it to anyone using the style of desk I have . I posted a picture of the arm attached to my mixing desk , so please have a look . The part of the arm that attaches to the LCD itself pivots in many directions , so you can position the screen perfectly after setting the arm distance and height.The idea that these arms free up desk space is a partial truth . Once the monitor is in front of you , its usually so large that the space behind i obstructed . You might store little used items behind it , but if they are little used they should probably be somewhere else , anyway .
 I just received my Neo-Flex stand and I love it !!! It features stand VESA mounting options . You can use the desk clamp or mount it through a hole in the center of a table using the grommet mount . There is an extension arm that can is removable . I currently use this stand to mount to a stainless steel ipad enclosure made by LabShield . The enclosure allows me to secure my iPad and use it as a kiosk at trade shows . The mount allows the ipad to be rotated in all directions -LRB- landscape and portrait -RRB- . It 's a perfect match and gives your booth a very professional touch while taking advantage of the new affordable technologies -LRB- iPad -RRB- available to small businesses . The price on this stand is very affordable and it is built with high quality materials that wo n't break easily.There is an app on the app store called My Kiosk that allows you to restrict your ipad to certain admin defined websites to prevent users from misusing your kiosk . Also the Labshield enclosure prevents users from touching the home button on your iPad so it stays put on the same app.Ingredients for a iPad Kiosk : iPadiPad enclosure -LRB- Labshield makes a great stainless steel one -RRB- My Kiosk AppNeo-Flex by Ergotron VESA stand with desk mount
 This is the first monitor arm I have purchased . I got it to mount an HP w2007 because the stock base on that monitor only has tilt adjustments . The freedom to sit back with my feet on the desk and have the monitor hanging in mid-air over my lap while I read a pdf is wonderful.This item was easy to set up . It comes assembled with a tool-less clamp base which can be traded out for a screw-through-hole base in case you do n't want to mount it to an edge . The joints are tightened close to what you will need when you adjust your monitor . It holds the little 20 '' monitor just fine and it seems solid enough to hold something heavier.As far as size , in my mind I pictured it bigger , but the two joints together can bring the screen all the way from the back of my desk to the front , which is fine . The swivel -LRB- from portrait to landscape -RRB- works beautifully and that 's largely why I got it . The cable holders are cheap . I could n't keep the one together on the upper arm . But the lower cable holder does just fine for keeping the cables up and out of the way . The height adjustment is o.k. . It 's a round button to push in and then you adjust the height by moving the monitor up and down and releasing the button at the desired height . The yaw -LRB- rotate right or left -RRB- works just fine at the base of the lower arm , but the yaw near the monitor on the upper arm is odd because it 's plane of movement tilts as the arm is raised or lowered . The pitch works just fine at any angle . So , it is very easy to adjust closer/further , to the right , to the left , and portrait to landscape , but it is a little more complicated to adjust vertically or fine-tune the yaw of the monitor.The construction is solid feeling and the hardware looks like it will last well too . I would recommend this as a reasonably cost-conscious way to gain flexibility with their monitor and clear space on their desk if they currently have a monitor with limited adjustments . It looks good too !
 A great product ! Even though the specifications indicate you should use a monitor under 20 inches , my 22 inch monitor works great . My advice
 One of my biggest challenges in managing my desk is finding a way to maximize available space so that I can use my Tablet PC for sketching * and * a larger screen for coding . Unfortunately my desk it quite small so a 19 '' or 20 '' LCD was just too big for a corner style area ... but I bought one anyway . I ended up having to choose between one or the other until I purchased this arm that not only holds my screen but also allows for easy manipulation to swing it out from the desk while I sketch.I plan on purchasing another one of these soon and the Ergotron Tablet adapter so I can manipulate the screen toward an angle better for drawing . Regardless , the arm is sturdy and well built - I highly recommend it over leaving screens on their stand .
 I was going to buy other cheap desk mounts because spending 124 $ on Ergotron LX is too much for my budget . This is Neo-Flex is perfect price-wise and functionality-wise . But then I thought why do n't I just buy cheaper desk mounts around 25 $ ? I was n't comfortable spending 124 $ for a desk mount . Given the quality and mobility of this Neo-Flex , I 'm happy I spent 67 $ on this . Ergotron LX would be an overkill for 24 '' LED slim screens -LRB- ~ 10lbs -RRB- . This arm is strong enough to support older , heavier 24 '' LCD screens . This is more than what you need if you have a standard 24 '' 1080p monitor . If you have a 27 '' the only problem you may have is that you may not be able to use portrait mode so easily . It sure can support 27 '' in landscape . If you have 27 '' heavy monitor though , I 'd recommend you get the LX . I thought about buying this or other desk mounts for at least three days because this mount did n't come in black . At last , I decided I 'll get this mount anyway and spray a good black paint on it . Still researching a good spray & / or if I should sand it first or just leave it gray . I 'd really love a black neoflex . FYI , I 'm using this arm with ASUS VS248H-P 24 '' 1080p monitor . It 's a perfect combo . I feel like the mount is going to last for years .
 Got 3 NEO Flex Arms for my workstation desk . They work great and are well thought out . I especially like the power and video cord clips that keep everything nice and neat as well as move with the arm .
 We 've had this just over 24 hours , and already are ordering a second one , and probably a third.I spend most of my day in my living room - stairs pose a danger to me , so I tend to only go up or down them if my husband is home `` in case of emergency . '' As such , we had to essentially relocate my office space downstairs so that I have easy access to the kitchen , laundry , etc. throughout the day . My laptop monitor just is n't big enough to let me do my work properly , so having a large HD monitor is important to me ... but then aesthetics come into play because this is , after all , my living room . I want things to look as nice as possible.Along comes this monitor mount - and I do n't think I could be more pleased.I have my 23 '' monitor mounted on this - it 's a slim monitor , so it weighs much less than the max rating for this mount . I 've encountered no trouble in terms of getting the positioning I want with a monitor that is larger -LRB- size , not weight -RRB- than the specs mention . This mount is rock solid . I have my monitor mounted in a fully-extended position , and it is tight and secure and not bouncing all over the place.The finish on the mount is very pleasing to the eye . I do n't feel like I have this huge ugly mechanical monster in the midst of my living room . It has a very organic visual feel.And I think anyone with an engineering bent will be pleased with how well-thought-out each swivel point is ... we very much appreciated the thought that went into the mounting of the optional arm . Stick your hex key in and let the mount itself hold the key still while you rotate the arm to unscrew it . Talk about saving strain on your fingers & wrists ! Lovely - especially for someone with carpal tunnel!Truly , the only improvement I could possibly make on this design would be to have a little space tucked away in the base where one could store the hex keys that come with it . That has more to do with my own OCD leanings than any failure in design of this mount . LOLWe 're buying a second one today for my husband 's monitor ... and are debating a third for the monitor we use with our Roku & HD-DVD player in our bedroom . We also have a number of friends & family who are going to be finding this under the Christmas tree later this year . This mount would be worth much more than the $ 60-70 price range Amazon is selling it for ... and I would suggest to buyers that IF you have reason to find fault with the quality of this mount , you may want to consider an exchange rather than a return . Manufacturing defects are a fact of life , and my guess is that any problems might relate more to an issue with the specific mount you received being badly manufactured than with the style & design itself being flawed . It would be worth giving a replacement a chance.Just editing this to add
 The mount holds my Samsung 2253LW 22inch widescreen -LRB- 8 lbs -RRB- in portrait mode and it 's great so I do n't have to scroll web pages , emails , Word documents , Windows Explorer , iTunes , etc. anymore . It 's fully adjustable which is really nice ; however , I would keep it in either portrait or landscape mode and keep it there rather than rotating back and forth because it 's stiff.I removed the middle arm because I do n't need to extend it that long but one of the adjusting screw was really tight and I was able to do it but I do n't think a mom or grandmother could do it -LRB- I 'm a 39 year old male -RRB- . There 's also grease when you take it apart so be careful not to get it on the carpet like me.I got this because it has a desk clamp instead of just sitting on my desk as with the Neoflex LCD stand -LRB- $ 35 -RRB- because I felt that a 22inch widescreen monitor in portrait mode is really tall and might accidentally fall forward or backward , especially with kids .
 I bought this mount at the same time as my purchase of the new BenQ G2400W monitor . And , despite what others are saying about its ability to hold monitors of certain weight , it is doing just fine with the 24 '' BenQ right now . I also took off the extension , as others have . My desk just did n't warrant it . The clamp holds tight to the desk . The mounting plate worked perfectly . And its great looking . There really is n't much bad I can say about it . Although it is n't a `` negative '' really , I wish there was some other method for cable management . As is , it works fine . And , no one ever sees behind my monitor really . But , I just wish there were a cleaner way to route them . But , that is a bit nit-picky . It really is a fantastic mount . And the price is just fine . All in all , a great piece .
 I ordered 2 of them and they arrived pre-assembled , very nicely tightened and easy to use . My 20 '' Apple monitors are now very secured , convenient to work with . The position is easily adjustable with the button push , that is very smart design as it keeps the monitors is exact position you set them . Overall I 'm very pleased with awesome quality and terrific design of these arms . It is not every day you can buy such great quality hardware . Very recommended .
 I have dual Samsung 19in 940BW -LRB- widescreens -RRB- and mounted them to my Matrix Glass desk with the clamps ... install was short and easy , only about 15 min for each . It def matched my desks silver scheme . The screws / bolts were a bit too tight from the factory ... I do n't need to move my arms around much , but from what other reviews are saying , these are not meant for that function . For $ 60 and free shipping -LRB- which was fast -RRB- , these are def a good value !!! I checked EVERYWHERE online and you wo n't find anything cheaper . Ergotron is pretty reputable company . . I worked for Morgan Stanley on the trading floor for IT and most of the Bloomberg stands were on Ergotron 's .
 It is a great LCD mount for its surprising low price . It works OK.But horizontal joint in the end of second arm is not that horizontal , resulting that every time you move the LCD , it will bring some vertical rotation too . So every time you move it , you will not only choose the position , but also readjusted it . Though the adjustment is easy , it is somehow annoying.After all , this arm work pretty good , though not prefect . At least I like it .
 I was hesitant to purchase this product after reading the reviews and weight my monitor . I use a ViewSonic 20-inch that weights 19 pounds and is about 21/2 inches deep.All the `` hinges '' worked great and supported the weight of my monitor -- except for the tilt mechanism . However , with the use of one of the bolts that came with the arm , I was able to very easily jam it into the appropriate angle -LRB- tilted very slightly upward -RRB- . Setup took about 30 minutes , but I 'm definitely pleased with the purchase .
 This one really helps you save a lot of money , space , and your time . I used three of them at a dental office . It gives much flexibility by raising the screen when the dentist is standing or pull the screen closer to the patient 's chair . It also saves space too , because I can use the space below the screen I was able to use that space for a keyboard which is used not very often , eventually I can fit all the computer components in a much smaller desk . Also I have tried this for a 22 inch LCD monitor , it still can handle this weight . The price is reasonable , and it has other accessories to fit the system in different deskboards . You do n't really worry about whether your LCD or Desk can fit into it .
 Excellent piece of gear to gain more space on my desk . Fit and finish are great and it holds my 21 '' monitor without a problem.My only caveat is the screen swivel -LRB- to rotate the screen -RRB- . If you do n't torque the swivel securely the first time your monitor will flop sideways . Then , you 're going to have to remove the monitor from the mount to get at the nut . You might want to have help if your monitor is large and heavy . Other than that it 's a great product for the price .
 I 'm using this with the Samsung 226BW monitor -LRB- 22 '' -RRB- and I get the feeling this is about as big of a monitor as you can use with this mount . I had to REALLY tighten the hex-nut right behind the monitor to get it not to fall forward . Now anything more than a light touch will cause it to fall forward ... so its not really `` adjustable '' . However , I do n't need to contantly adjust it , so it works for me . For the price , I 'd still buy this again since most other mounting arms are substantially more expensive . Oh , I think the aesthetics are pretty nice as well .
 The arm is entirely adjustable and clears my desk area with a simple push.One defect that I noticed is the ratchet adjustable verticle swivel point is loose at the connection and there is no apparent way to tighten it .
 If you plan on using a 19 '' monitor with this arm , make sure you check out the weight first . The arm will NOT hold a 19 '' widescreen even though the monitor specs claim a weight of 12 lbs . It would n't work with a 19 '' NEC monitor either and that supposedly weighs in at 9.5 lbs . And `` yes '' I tightened everything and I removed the base plate from the monitor prior . With that said , it works as advertised with a Hyundai 19 '' and the only difference I can see is that the Hyundai does not have a digital connection . Any chance digital circuitry weighs down a monitor ? I did n't think so either . Check the weight
 I 've been using this arm for over a year now with a 24 '' Asus VW246H panel and I ca n't imagine being without it . It saves so much desk space it is ridiculous and it 's nice to be able to just swing the entire thing out of the way when you need to . When I first purchased this I thought it would be shaky and would eventually bow under the weight , but it does n't - it 's much more solid than expected , regardless of how you have it positioned.I spend a lot of time at my computer and this just makes it that much more pleasant . I only wish I had another set so I could turn one vertically for reading long documents .
 This is a great monitor arm except ... the little clips they give you for `` cord management '' will NOT stay in the arm . Two sides are supposed to clip together through the arm to then hold the cords but with the slightest pressure they un-clip and fall out.Also , some of the joints have infinite adjustments with a hex wrench , good ... but one has a button that you push which then catches when you release it but only at preset points . Not so good to get that just right adjustment . But it all worked , looks good , went together easy , quality product.Good price , free shipping .
 This stand has extraordinary build quality , and feels extremely sturdy , but I still have mixed feelings about its usability.It 's rather difficult to adjust . Each of the joints is locked down by a hex bolt , which is good for sturdiness and long life , but clumsy to use and requires you to have a hex key around at all times . When they 're locked down tight , there is still just enough `` give '' in the joints for last-minute adjustments , which is handy . But go to far and the bolts start to loosen and you 're reaching for the hex key again . Additionally , there are two sizes of hex key needed , depending on what you 're adjusting . Both are supplied.The height is also hard to manage - there 's only one vertical joint , which uses a momentary locking mechanism that you push while adjusting . Supporting the monitor 's weight with the other hand makes it easy to get the joint to unlock , but makes the effort clumsy . Thankfully , though , the vertical joint provides plenty of height for use while seated.While the overall build quality is superb , the seemingly-inconsequential cable management clips are poorly designed . Two plastic clips thread through the arm from opposite sides and are supposed to `` click '' together . Mine never click . The slightest movement causes them to pop apart . A minor thing , but nonetheless annoying.It 's possible to remove the middle arm for shallower desks . This is a nice feature and I might take advantage of it in the near future.There are lots of high-quality parts included , including thumbscrews , an adapter plate and several mounting options . The included instructions are a little puzzling , but they do the trick.So why the 4-star review ? Because this is an awesome product for under $ 70 . There is n't a better monitor arm at this price , and few with this level of finish quality . If you 're in the market and price sensitive , it 's worth putting up with its quirks . For around double the price , the new Ergotron LX mount seems like the more substantial bet .
 I originally purchased this arm hoping to use it with my new Dell 2408 24 '' monitor . While the 24 '' monitor is technically under the weight limit of the Neo-Flex LCD Arm , even with all the adjustments tightened it felt very flimsy and wobbly once I installed it . I ended up ordering theErgotron LX Desk Mount Arm - mounting kit -LRB- 45-179-194 -RRB- to hold my 24 '' monitor , and moved the Neo-Flex arm over for use with my Dell 22 '' monitor.What a difference ! With the smaller monitor installed , this arm moves smoothly from side to side , and the height adjustment is much easier as well . Even with the added weight of a monitor-attached speaker bar , the Neo-flex feels very solid and not flimsy at all.I 'm using the Neo-flex attached to one of the cable-management grommets in myLegar&eacute; 60 '' x 47 '' Corner Deskand it fits perfectly , installation was very simple , and the installation instructions were very detailed .
 I am using an 20 '' AOC monitor with this mount , and it is great . It easily adjusts into almost any position . Moving from landscape to portrait is effortless and a great way to work on word documents . I purchased this for my classroom and allows me to quickly and easily swivel the monitor so the students can view power points or other images . The cord keepers are okay , but I 'm not sure what would work better . I just added some zip-ties .
 I like the product . I had my monitor at work sitting on two organizer trays flipped upside-down . Now the monitor can position closer to me and greatly improved my usable desk space . Install was pretty easy , less than 10 minutes . I would buy another one for home if I had the need .
 This thing works great and looks sweet ! I have a dual monitor setup so i am thinking of getting a second one . It has freed up a lot of desktop space . A coworker say it and asked me to order him one !
 I had this thing for about a month and it has n't let me down yet . At first it was a bit stiff but after tweaking it , the arm started working like a charm . I would recommend this product to anybody !
 It is OK for the bucks -LRB- not excellent though -RRB- . You need some tunings for each joint to make it work .
 I have used Ergotron products for a while and know that they are decent quality . I looked over the specs for this arm before purchase and made sure that it was what I needed . The arm installed easily , nothing too complicated . I do like the fact that the arm comes with two mounting brackets.Something to keep in mind with this arm is that it is totally manual , no fancy hydraulic lift or gas pistons to assist movement . You will be using a Allen/hex key to make any real adjustments to this arm . Like another reviewer said this is not meant for constant adjustment . You have one big button on the side of the arm to raise and lower the screen if desired.Overall for the current price of this arm it is a real deal . While I could have went for the newer unit this one serves my current need .
 Great product , value for money . Just received and installed it with my 19 '' LCD monitor . Some joints were a bit tight , but I could loosen them with the allen key . Am planning to buy another one .
 Installed it out of the box with little need for directions as I used the under desk clamp that is the default . Looks great and moves in most directions . The only compaint is the little clear plastic cord holders do not work that well , but did n't matter to me . Definately a high quality product .
 Bought this for my Apple 23 '' HD Display . Because of Apple 's design this required an Apple VESA adapter for the display to mate with the VESA mount supplied with the Ergotron , which is capable , by way of an included adapter plate , of matching either a 75mm or 100mm mount . Graphic instructions were easy to understand . Assembly was easy , all parts and tools were included . The base is capable of grommet mount or edge mount . Negatives
 Had it about two weeks now with no problems holds my 22 ' monitor beautifully . takes a little adjusting at first because it is a little stiff but overall a great buy for the price $ 67.00
 The price is OK . The arm looks very fashion and I do think it is stable to hold a heavy monitor.Recommended .
 This thing is awesome . For the price , I was expecting there to be at least SOME degree of disappointment in either it 's functionality , appearance , or installation . But , this product is meeting all of my expectations - even possibly exceeding them a bit . It 's a good buy .
 Exactly what we needed . We setup a velcro attachment with our Ipad . Easy to assemble with all appropriate parts , arrived as scheduled . Reasonable cost . happy ending !
 This is the second one that I purchased , it serves my purpose -LRB- not obstructing my desktop -RRB- . I have not tried other brand , but this one is good enough for me .
 This monitor arm is very sleek and attractive . Its up and down adjustment is a bit limited but is ok for my setting in a financial industry but may not be for a work space other than a desk setting . Its side to side movement is very easy and can be loosened or tightened as needed . There are friction adjusters at each joint on the entire arm that can adjusted as needed for your particular usage . It comes with an adapter for a second size mount on the back of the screen . All in all a good choice , very good looking piece of equipment for a professional office environment .
 I searched for awhile on amazon for a lcd arm like this . there seems to be a huge price range from 30 to several hundred dollars . most of the arms cheaper than this had a decent amount of dissatisfied reviews.i am not sure what you get if you spend more than this but it seems to me that this is a sweet spot in the what you spend and what you get department . this one does exactly what I want and has the coveted portrait mode that is pretty easy to switch to . no problems to report .
 I mounted this upside down in my desk hutch . It is VERY sturdy and has not budged since I mounted my 22 inch monitor . I ca n't imagine that you could make this any more solid than it is . Would gladly buy another .
 This arm does exactly what I wanted
 I love these . I have two of them for my 22 '' monitors . The set up is super easy , but it is nice to have another person help mount them . The only draw back is if you pump your leg like me while listening to music , the monitors will wobble a little bit . This could be due to my super thin desk top though .
 I have had no trouble whatsoever with this device . I am slowly loosing my eyesight so it is very handy to just sit back and extend the arm and display right up to my face and go to work . I am going to buy another one so as to use two displays at once . I work with images all day so I need several windows open at the same time . I will be able to view more items at the same time and hopefully save some time switching between windows .
 ... If you want to get your monitor off of your desktop . This mount works very well for me . Adjustment is easy and it frees up a lot of space on my desktop . I have read reviews of this product by people who complain that adjusting the position of the monitor is difficult . It is not . This is a very high quality piece that performs well . It is elegant at the same time . The metal is heavy and the construction is stout . Installation is very intuitive .
 I bought this arm to go with a 22 '' Acer monitor , to view scans of comic books . I can turn the monitor from horizontal to vertical , it is excellent for viewing text this way . I have n't had to make any adjustments to the bolts in six months . Highly recommended product .
 strong , easy to install comes with hardwate for wall or desk mountI am actuallu adapting this device to use as a book holder , since I am disabled and it is dificult for me to hold books for an rxtended period
 The services was incredibly faster and I received my purchase a week before than I expected . I am a 100 % happy with the service and defenitely recommend this company to anyone who want things done in quick manner . I will add this company to my favorite list to shop at.Luis Oquendo100 % customer satisfied
 I recommend this product from this seller . The arm is great for the price . Prompt shipping .
 Easy to install , lots of choices for mounting , looks like this is made well with heavy duty construction . Instructions are a bit weak or maybe its me . Had a hard time understanding that the raise lower movement is achived by pushing in on the knuckle to release a lock , I thought it was just stiff and so pushed harder until I gave up and luckily discovered this unlock/lock .
 Easy to install . Mounts through desk or on edge . Great look , sleek , and moves in any direction imaginable .
 This item was easy to install.However , the weight of the monitor tends to make the `` head of the arm '' fall easily . I kind of have to prop it to hold . Have tried tightening , but still falls.But it is pretty flexible and can be put in many different positions .
 Great product . Sturdy , well-built and useful . Good value compared to the prices of other similar arms . Would definitely buy this product again .
 I bought the Uniden Digital Cordless System to replace my aging cordless phone that would no longer hold a charge in the replacement batteries . This system was a Refurbished Unit and since the price was right for the features you get , I bought it.The phone came in the same box as you would receive if you bought it retail , along with all the cords and batteries etc. . This telephone has something for everyone . I like the different ring tones you get . I was so impressed with the telephone that I bought another one to give to my Father In Law who has a hearing problem and wears a hearing aid . He used my phone one day and commented on how well he could hear through the ear piece.The Model Number TRU9485 has extra hand sets you can buy and program into the mainKeypad.This is Not the first time I bought a refurbished item on Amazon and I have never had a problem with other goods purchased that were Refurbished . In some ways , if its coming from the manufacturer it 's just like new .
 I had been researching phones for a few days when I found this one . This phone is a great value for the price . The sound is very clear , even on the speakerphone which is on both of the handsets and on the base . It has extensive features including a lighted keypad on both handsets so you can dial in the dark if necessary . The answering machine lights up when you have a message instead of some annoying beep . You can easily screen your calls ! I have had this phone for a month now and I just love it , even my friend and boyfriend want one now !
 After purchasing several other cordless phones and having to return them due to their lousy performance , I finally looked online at ratings , found this product , found the best price to be Amazon -LRB- at least at places I was willing to shop -RRB- and ordered it . So far it has performed well , and I am very happy with it .
 Very happy with my new uniden phone , delivery was speedy too ! Great price as well , would do business again with this seller .
 I really like this phone . The only downside is the message indicator has an audible tone - which gets really annoying if you do n't want to check your messages right away . However , I really like the ` do not disturb ' feature . It 's great when you are trying to sleep !
 I already had the 4-phone version myself and bought this 2 phone version for my in-laws . The display is easy to read , the buttons are a reasonable size and the BUTTONS LIGHT UP . That is really important to me , so I can see the silly buttons when the light is low . My inlaw 's eyesight is a little poor so that helps them too . The big green ` call ' button and the big red ` stop ' button are nice too . No quessing which little button I need to us.The stored numbers are very handy , so I do n't have to remember my frequently called phone numbers . And you can enter the numbers into one phone and ` upload ' them to the other phones.The base also has a keypad , so with the base speakerphone , you really get 3 phones instead of just the 2 handsets . The speakerphone quality is fair . Sounds pretty tinny to the person on the other end of the phone.Be careful if you want to buy THIS phone . Amazon also sells another Uniden phone that looks almost exactly like this phone , but the other phone does not have an answering machine . I made the mistake of ordering that other phone first , because the description says something about having ` voice mail ' , which I thought was an answering machine . But what that meant was it could be connected to the phone system 's voicemail.When I contacted Amazon to return the mistaken phone , I fully expected to pay the return shipping . But they sent me a pre-paid shipping form for the return . I was impressed with the customer service on this one .
 Another very satisfied purchase . This item was a replacement for my Uniden 2.4 GHz system . This is nice since you can add up to ten handsets . I now have purchased 8 of them and they have all proved to be well worth this price !!! The options are only the icing on the cake , the sound quality is what I was after and it is tremendous . I just purchased a Panasonic Headset for it last week and again I am very happy with the product .
 I have two of these Digital 5.8 GHz systems so they do n't interfere with my Wireless G router , with addtional phones added around my home . I have had both systems for the past 18 months so lots of WW phone calls since in semiconductor IC sales . One is the 2 line system as reviewed here which I use from my home office , the other system is for our personal home phone and it is the TRU9465 with 2 extra handsets . Both offer exceptional clarity via the phone or with speakerphone on . I call around the world globally since in the semiconductor industry and always ask if the clarity is good . I have had folks from Canada , UK , GmbH , China , Korea , Malaysia , Singapore , the East Coast and so on tell me that they thought I was around the corner it was that clear . I was on AT&T ; phone lines at one time , now on Comcast Digital Voice which is VoIP -LRB- Voice Over Internet Protocol -RRB- which should get kudos as well.The feature set is excellent , especially with the new TRU9465 having the ability to have 100 numbers in memory and two numbers per memory location . Could there be more features or more intuitive features , probably , but for the basic job of making/receiving phone calls , call waiting , 3 way conference calling , caller ID it does the job really well . The fact that you can use them as walkie talkies or room monitors -LRB- why buy a seperate baby monitor ?? -RRB- is icing on the cake . I see that Uniden has now come out with even a newer generation and these units are discounted . Amazon 's price is still cheaper then even buying from the Uniden site directly since the units come with the full 1 year warranty versus the 3 month warranty from Uniden for the refurbished units which are the same price as Amazon for new . See this web link http://www.unidendirect.com/itemlist.cfm?cattype=prd&catid;=53I have been so impressed with these Uniden phones that I made the decision to pick up these phones for our new sales office to work with Vonage VoIP . Let you know how that works out . It was gratifying to hear my IT person come in and say that he thinks Uniden is making some of the best phones to use these days since he uses them as well at home and his business .
 best phone yet the only downside is the ringer volume , it 's too low but it does light up with an incoming call .
 This phone is very easy to use ... I still have n't read the manual yet but I have had it since August and have n't had to . I love the room monitor and the select ring tones for different callers .
 I am very pleased with this set . The features are useful . Everything works well .
 We have three of these and they are working very well in our two story house . It is great all-around with just a few minor complaints :1 -RRB- The ringer has just two volume levels . However one can use different rings to soften the sound if you need to fine tune it .2 -RRB- When using the intercom mode , your own phone rings . I 'd like to be able to call down to my wife if I need something for our sleeping baby but I ca n't because the ringing of my own phone would wake up the baby . I do n't know why my own phone should ring .3 -RRB- The room monitor is convenient . I know it is a phone and not a baby monitor , but I use it for that on monitoring mode . It would be nice if a light could flash at a certain noise threshold .4 -RRB- The answering machine volume is the same as the welcome message/screening volume . I like to turn the volume up to listen to messages . If I forget to turn it down again , the next time the phone rings the welcome message is very loud -LRB- possibly waking the house or broadcasting your callers message to guests -RRB- . The only way to turn down the volume is to turn on the speaker phone and then lower the volume .5 -RRB- Using the handset to check messages is a nice feature . However the default is `` speaker '' on the handset for this , so I have to quickly turn speaker off when checking messages . I use the headset to listen privately in case it is something I do n't want my kids to hear so I 'd like it to default to having the speaker off.Again , I 'd like to say these are great phones with good sound and they have been very durable despite being in my 1-year-olds grasp more times than I care to mention .
 The Uniden TRU9485 cordless answering system has very good sound quality and excellent usability . This is the only cordless answering system I could find which allows the voice mailbox to be accessed from any handset . Being able to copy the number directory from the main handset to the extensions is a terrific feature too . Additional handsets are reasonably priced at $ 30 . This is the best cordless phone I 've ever owned .
 I did some research on Uniden phones and chose this one ... The only thing I do n't like is there is no universal delete button for caller I.D. To erase them I have to manually delete them from both phones . Besides that , no problems what so ever !
 I had a 2.4 gh dual cordless ... Phone company came out because of static , noises on phone . . could find nothing wrong . But thanks to a customers review , I realized the phone problem started when I got the computer . . wireless . You will experience problems with phone or computer if you have a 2.4 gh phone . I bought this one , and after a `` dummie '' phase on my part , found this phone to be very , very easy to use ... less room -LRB- had seperate answering machine before -RRB- , and with size of phone itself and numbers , lighting up , ALL features = EXCELLANT BUY !!!! Thanks to the review for this phone ... I have clear sound again ... and a better phone system ... !!!!!!!! -LRB- I do n't know if these problems pertain to `` desk '' computers ... I do n't think it would -RRB-
 Works great . The speakerphone is awesome !! The only function that is annoying is that the calller ID numbers have to deleted from all the different phones seperatly . Great sound . Definetly recommend it .
 Sound fidelity is great all over the downstairs , have n't tried to take one upstairs yet . I was easy to program . I like the feature that allows you to check voicemails from the remote unit at the touch of a single button . No interference with my home WiFi . That 's great . Sound is loud and clear . Display lighting is more than adequate . Speakerphone on the hand unit is a great feature , too . I got turned on to Uniden with my home-office phone and now have brought it into the living quarters . Good choice at a fair price . Love the expandability , too .
 This is a great phone . I have owned several cordless answering machine type phones in the past and they all had some problems , but this one does n't . I love the orange lighted dials and the fact that when you have a message the whole base display lights up -LRB- orange ! -RRB- and there is a flashing light on the handset as well . You definitely ca n't miss a msg on this phone . Sound is excellent on the phone and on the answering machine . Handsets are comparatively light and easy to use.The only negative -LRB- and I ca n't remember if my others were this way -RRB- is that you can only use 10 speed dial numbers -LRB- in other words no 11 , 12 , etc. , as I can use on my cell phone . -RRB- As to the battery problem mentioned by someone else , I do n't quite understand . There are batteries supplied with both handsets and the base station plugs in to your AC -LRB- house -RRB- power . So no problem there , either .
 Uniden TRU9485-2This phone is pretty good , with great features , but the ringer is not loud at all . There is only 3 settings , low-med-high . The highest ringer volume is not loud enough for large rooms . If you plan to put this phone in your living room , and you have the TV on loud , you probably wont even hear the ring . The extra Handset is enven worse when it comes to the ring volume.I would recommend the Motorola SD7581 , a bit higher priced , but much better.There are lots of extra options , but most people might never use it . I wish you could export the phone book , but you have to type everything in .
 5.8 GHZ ROCKS ! MY SIGNAL IS VERY GOOD 2 OR 3 HOUSES AWAY !
 Select ringtones ... assign different rings to different numbers ... glow in the dark buttons are a plus to dial by TV light at night ... get your answering machine message from any phone by the touch of a button ... and play these messages for others by passing the receiver to them ... my boyfriend never checks ... very small light flashes on each phone extension when you have a voicemail message ... speaker phone from each handheld option ... great for when companies put you on hold ... leaves your handsfree while you wait ... walkie talkie option from each handheld is nice ... All this for a little over a hundred was worth it for me ... and I got 2 more extensions ... at a 2 for one sale at Officemax for $ 30 ... they plug into any regular electrical outlet ... so I have extensions in rooms I never had them in before ... really nice to have one in the garage and basement ... no more running for the phone and can call these intercom style ... to talk to boyfriend in garage while he 's tinkering around ...
 This phone system is great . All the features are easy to use . This phone replaced a V-tech phone system that I had . Uniden makes a much better product . The phone is the perfect size to hold , the keys are the right size . The clarity is great . I would definetly recommend this product to anyone . The batteries also keep their charge for a long time unlike the V-tech phone system that I had prior to this phone .
 I 've had many cordless phones over the course of my 51 years and many disappointments . These phones , however , have been great . The sound and clarity are excellent and these phones have been very reliable so far . I liked them so much that I bought another pair just like them to use in my wife 's phone based business . I 'm very pleased with this model and would not hesitate to recommend them to others
 So far so good with this one ! Reception is clear and has a lot of great features - even speakerphone ! The set up was extremely easy and I like the way you can retrieve messages on each handset . This is a great value .
 Great rig . Easy to use . Super flexible with speakers in the handsets & base . Dial from the base is convenient too . Range is pretty good and clarity is excellent . Best set up for my home office in four years .
 I love the ability to see and answer when you have a voice message from any one of the handsets . Additional handsets are a breeze to set up . Just put it in the base for 5 seconds and it 's registered ! Had it for a few months now and have had no problems . I bought another base -LRB- without the answering machine as a backup -RRB- and had a chance to call customer service . They were very responsive and knowledgeable and in the US . I bought 4 more handsets since . The room monitor feature is a great help to hear what the kids are doing while elsewhere . I only wish you could copy the phone directory to all handsets at once instead of one at a time too .
 Both talk and receive are very clear ... I have the base unit on the second floor of my house and the range is great even in the basementas well as in the backyard and front yard ... I 'm also using the unitas an internet phone -LRB- VoIP -RRB- with Vonage ... I plug the base unit into aLinksys/Vonage phone adapter and then the phone adapter into a porton my router ... and I also have high speed internet cable access and canuse the phone at the same time while using email or going to web sites ... they do n't interfere with each other ... I also hooked up additional remotephones to the base unit ... I believe you can hook up to 10 remote phonesto the base unit ... All the features on this phone system work great and as advertised ... great value .
 This phone has features galore , you can even use it as a room monitor , you can add many phones to it ! It 's got some great ring tones you can personalize and the answering machines works very well . I can see that there is a message from the extra phones too ! I especially like the quality of the equipment . This is more than 5 stars , great buy !
 Have used the phone and a couple of extra handsets for about 2 months and have found no problem . We purchased this system because we are building a new house and wanted to have several phones in different areas of the house without wires running all over the place . Uniden has a great system to provide us with that . We have found no problems with our system .
 works well in our medium sized , single level house . Has many features that I am still mastering . My wife did n't like the retro styling of the phone . I like the convinience of dial pad being on the base . Another nice feature is call screening and voice mail access from hand sets as well . Nice phone , over all.One gripe I have is that the phone books are not synchronized across the base and the hand sets . Each has it 's own phone book , and you have to manually do the sync up . My older phone had single phone book for all handsets .
 Great features and sound ; very easy to use ; liked them so much I bought one for work !
 This is a great product , solid body on all of the components and small . Easy to use , but I live on Venezuela and I discovered the caller id is not compatible with this country , this only accept the codification of USA and Canada , so the contacts list is not very usefull . But the phone is excellent .
 I have tried so many cordless phones and have always had trouble with them . These phones work perfectly . They 're crystal clear . Love this phone system .
 Simple interface , great functions . I love the address book feature and the Caller ID save to address book function . Great product .
 This was a replacement phone for one that we got at costco and it turned out to be rubbish - intermittently we found that people could n't hear us very well . This phone has turned out to be a good performer - we can clearly hear others and they can clearly hear us . We are very happy .
 We have been looking for a new set of cordless phones to replace our old set of Uniden cordless after 12 years . I must admit I was a little leary about using Uniden again but we took the plunge . I 'm pleased we did choose Uniden again . We are enjoying the new features that our old model did not have . My favorite is the speaker phone on each handset . This has been so handy for me while busy cooking , doing laundry , I can receive a call and keep on talking hands free , and it is crystal clear . Yes I would buy this set again if needed .
 Pros : Clear sound , easy to use , lots of featuresCons : Base phone ringer overpowers handset ring .
 Easy set-up , great sound quality , full-featured , expandable phone system . This unit works great with VOIP phone service , and is expandable to 10 handsets . Amazon price is the lowest around . Phones are nice sized , not too small and not too big , easy to hold , and comfortable on the ear . Sound quality is excellent . Only disadvantage is that the expansion handsets can not be mounted on the wall .
 I needed phones for upstairs , bedroom , office , and kitchen . This one works great ! Very good quality sound , and did I mention rugged ? I was waxing my car outside and left it on the roof . I backed out of the driveway and sent one handset flying , and when I came back , it still worked fine , albiet with some damage to the back battery panel.Minor quibble - the ringer could have a little move adjustment . But the levels provided work just fine for me .
 I like the phone . I have this phone for about 2 months . Its price is reasonable . The phone delivers clear voice reception . The panel design is intuitive and easy to use . Speaker phone seems to work well . You ca n't go wrong with this phone . It basically meets all of my requirements
 After reading some reviews on other phones , we decided to give Uniden a try again . So far , we have been very happy .
 I 've had this phone for 3 weeks now and am very happy with it so far . The handsets fit comfortably in your hand and the sound and volume are crystal clear , such a big difference from the v-tech phone I had before . I have also not had any problems with the battery life , which was a huge problem with the v-tech . This phone is the best value and quality for the price which includes an answering machine and an extra handset that I could find . I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a new phone .
 Gives good coverage over distance , but with a cellphone nearby -- A few disturbances now and then .
 I bought this phone and did n't even need to use the instruction manual to hook it up . It 's really self explanitory . I love the speakerphones on the actual phone . The ring tones are really cool to . The light up orange LCD screen is really nice too . Good product !
 I read over the various reviews for cordless phones prior to purchasing this product and agree with most of them . The system has worked well so far and the range of the phone is much better than the phone that it replaced . The only complaint that I have is that the volume of the receiver tends to drop down to where it is barely audible and that is on the highest volume setting . This problem does not happen frequently and does not happen for a long period of time . However , it is a bit annoying . Overall , the phone is easy to use and install and as noted above has execellent range . It is a good system for the price .
 This is a nice phone setup.My two biggest complaints are that the intercom does n't automatically enable the speakerphone at the other end -LRB- like you might expect an intercom to do -RRB- , instead it rings the phone at the other end and they have to pick it up -LRB- like a regular phone call -RRB- . Also , the range is n't that great . I took it , maybe , 50 feet and it was gone . Grant that this was outside , so it was going through the exterior walls and such . I was a bit disappointed with the range , though.Overall , it 's a nice setup and I 'd buy a couple extensions as time goes on.JJ
 I bought this to replace my Vtech 2GHz phone both because of interference with WiFi and because the buttons were getting harder and harder to push on most of the handsets -LRB- after 4 years -RRB- . The phone is comfortable , easy to use , and clear in terms of sound and reading the LCD.Two things that really stood out for me :1 . You can setup phone numbers -LRB- directory -RRB- and then push them out to all the handsets -LRB- or selected ones -RRB- . I hated manually entering this data into each handset in the past .2 . You can pick up messages from any handset .
 I 've owned many cordless phones and this is just one of the best ones I have ever purchased . It has crystal clear quality sound quality and I love the fact that you can access your messages through each cordless handset.The phone has a high frequency range of 5.8 ghz so you can go pretty far and still have great reception . A phone with a range 5.8 ghz and higher perfect prevents any siscreptencies with your home wireless internet & networking .
 This is a great phone system . The only problem I found is that there was interference with our computer when the system was installed in the same room . To solve the problem , we used a different phone . I love the ease and features of the Uniden phone system . Definitely a great purchase .
 Uniden has almost got the perfect cordless phone here with the TRU9485 -LRB- 2 -RRB- . I am very satisfied with this item . Like most others here , I have specific requirements and wish lists for a multi-handset cordless phone system . After exhaustive research into available features and consumer reviews , I decided on this model . I have had the phones only about 3 weeks , but I am satisfied and impressed with the functionality , features and ease of setup . The comfortable feel and modern -LRB- techy -RRB- look of the phones is a bonus.My fav . features are : a -RRB- copying one or all phonebook entries to other handsets or base . -LRB- minor peeve
 I have had 5 other cordless phones over the years and this one is by far the best . I have not experienced any problems with interference -LRB- the range is excellent - even two floors down in the basement ! -RRB- , sound quality is very good , and the system is easy to use and expand -LRB- I have 4 extensions -RRB- . I bought it primarily to have integrated phone and answering machine in my home office , but have found there are many other features that are very useful . My favorites are :1 . Check answering machine from any phone in the house -LRB- you can even skip and delete messages remotely -RRB- . A flashing light on each handset indicates new messages .2 . Room monitor - very useful if you have kids .3 . Speakerphone on handset - works great for hands-free talking if you are cooking or writing . The speakerphone is not as loud on the handsets as it is on the base , but should be plenty loud for most people in `` normal '' households .4 . Ability to copy the phone book to other extension and the base.Annoyances -LRB- very minor -RRB- 1 . Ca n't copy phone book to all handsets as once . How often do you need to do this ? 2 . Must manually insert a `` 1 '' before storing caller-ID # 's in your phonebook . This seems like a no brainer . I thought I saw someone say that this can be done , but it may just be for `` call-back '' of caller ID numbers.Summary - this is a great phone system for the home . Easy to use , directions written in plain & simple to follow language , easy to expand and most important - works the way it supposed to !
 I absolutely love this phone system ! I 'm a VERY picky shopper , and usually do -LRB- too much -RRB- research when I purchase things I intend to use on a regular basis . I happened to run across the Uniden TRU9485 on Amazon , and it had EVERY feature I was looking for including multiple handsets , caller ID on base and handsets , answering machine on base with access from handsets , speakerphone on base and handsets , keypad on base , light-up buttons , phonebook , mute , hold , intercom . I love the DirectLink feature -LRB- walkie-talkie -RRB- , and even room monitoring for my young children ! What else do you need in a phone ?! It is visually appealing and the buttons are placed well on the base and handsets . The handsets are very comfortable to hold , the only problem is that when the clip is on the phone , it 's not easy to hold the phone with your shoulder . The clarity of the speakerphone and answering machine is very good . I wish it had an option to delete all caller ID numbers on all phones , but instead you have to delete them on each phone individually . The screen is easy to read , but it would n't hurt if it were a little larger.After doing my research on many websites , and in stores , I returned to Amazon because they had the best price for this phone . The only things I would 've done differently with this purchase , is ordered the TRU9485-3 , and paid to have it shipped quicker . It took two weeks to get here with the FREE Super-Saver Shipping . It 's definitely worth paying for the shipping -LRB- or just pay a little more in the store -RRB- . I would buy this phone system again , and I recommend it highly!UPDATE !!! It 's been well over a year , and I still love this phone system ! I purchased another handset -LRB- in-store -RRB- , and it set up just fine with the ones I already had . My favorite features are still the personal ringtones , caller ID , phonebook , speakerphone , clarity , answering machine , and design . I do n't have a single complaint ! This system would make a fabulous gift !
 I bought this phone system after tireless online research , and I have no regrets . I was a little hesitant to buy Uniden b/c I read a lot of bad reviews on some of their previous models , but I am very happy with this purchase - the phones are great ! No inteference with wireless router , lots of great features , no negatives -LRB- yet -RRB- . Not sure what the other reviewer was talking about when they said they could n't find a battery ... my system came with all the batteries that I needed .
 I work at home , and attend lots of conference calls . I was on a conference call recently for five hours on one handset , and the battery meter only lost one bar -LRB- of three -RRB- . -LRB- I used a headset the whole time , the handset was only a few inches from the base unit , and the whole thing is only two weeks old , so all of these may 've contributed to the long talk time / low battery use . But regardless , that 's pretty good . -RRB- The speaker phone works quite well . I 've used it on most of my `` meetings '' for the past two weeks and had no complaints -LRB- of my own or from other meeting participants -RRB- . You can easily switch from speaker to handset and back again.I also like how you can assign rings to specific calling numbers . I 've set up a convention where `` friends and family '' get one ring , work people get another ring , and everyone else gets a third . I used to have two phone numbers that rang to the same line , but with different rings -- this is almost as good , and better in some ways.This phone has other features that I have n't used yet , but sound kind of nifty , like the `` room monitor '' feature -LRB- where a handset can act as a baby room monitor -RRB- , and the `` walkie talkie '' mode where the handsets talk to each other directly . This is independent of the base unit -- it does n't even have to be plugged in.This is my 2nd Uniden phone , and I 've liked both of them .
 This phone is everything you want . The clarity is outstanding -LRB- and unlike 2.4 GHz phones , you wo n't get noise from your microwave -RRB- . The orange backlit buttons and screen are as cool looking as they are functional . You ca n't miss the large orange screen on the base unit when you have a message.The TRU9485 also lacks the flaws I have found on other phones . You can use multiple handsets at the same time -LRB- previous models did n't allow this -RRB- . The speed dial memory is 32 digits -LRB- not 20 as is common on Uniden phones -RRB- , which allows you to program a calling card with only one phonebook entry . It 's also expandable up to a whopping 10 handsets!Highly recommended - you wo n't find a better phone and answering system .
 We purchased this phone as a replacement for another Uniden phone which is still working . We needed another handset which would work in a room without a phone jack . We also needed an answering machine . This setup was perfect . We get clear reception , and no dead areas in the house . This phone is a delight . It was a little more complicated to setup because it has so many extras built into it . I really love the array of ringer tones which come with both phones . I have n't had any problems with Uniden products before so I count myself double blessed with two phones which work great .
 After doing research in internet and with my past experience with panasonic -LRB- key pad became loose contact after few years -RRB- , I picked Uniden . I am happy with Uniden so far . Good sound quality for handset and speaker as well -LRB- I believe better than panasonic -RRB- . Easy set up . Only thing is I am using as wall mount unit and it is a little bit odd to see becase it is not flat on the wall -LRB- I will provide pic -RRB- . My family said , it 's OK . My mom said , it 's easier to pick up hand set from base unit for her . Wait and see it durability and battery life .
 We 've had this phone for five months , and overall we 're pleased and satisfied.Pros
 The phones are working pretty much as I expected based on other reviews that I read . Sound quality has been good . Voice mail has worked fine . All-in-all , I 'd recommend the phones . We found that it was a bit easier to hold the phones -LRB- and cradle them -RRB- with the belt clip attached , so we keep the clips on all the time.Why only 4 stars ? We 're not power users of all the features ... and I wish the basics were a little bit more intuitive . e.g. I need to add a couple of numbers to my address book , but I 'll need to dig the manual out to refresh my memory re
 The Uniden expandable system is exactly what we needed for our house with few phone jacks . They system works very well and is pretty intuitive ; my husband also found it easy to use . It does not interfere with my wireless internet connection at all . Love all the features , especially the speaker phone . My only wish is that when I punch in a phone number it would separate the digits to look like a phone number - 555-555-5555 . Instead is just comes out as one long string . But we 'll still be buying more handsets in the future !
 This is an outstanding phone . Very clear . Great features . I purchased for me , my mom and sister . Please be aware of the different models however . The TRU9465 DOES NOT have an answering system , it taps into your local phone company 's voice mail box system which is about an extra $ 5 per month charge . If you want your phone to have the answering system go with the TRU9485 .
 These phones were to replace our 8 year old system which was a Panasonic . -LRB- plagued with battery problems & vowed never again to purchase Panasonic -RRB- Our new Uniden meets & exceeds everything we had expected . From voice clarity , ease of use , room monitoring , phone book features , call transfers , selective ring tones , wifi network interference , etc. , etc. , The only drawback we have noticed has been the distance coverage . In comparing to our older system , we 've found that this system starts to cut out when using two handsets about 500 feet apart between two buildings.We have another phone in our extended garage ... you have to walk up to a window or door in order for it not to cut out . The older Panasonics did not have this problem.Although not a huge problem , all the other features overshadow it & we 've decided to keep them.An excellent system ... well made ... & great value .
 I am very pleased with this phone . So many nice features ! I especially love that only one has to be connected to a phone jack . They have a great sound , are light weight and a pleasure to use .
 This was bought to replace a V-tech phone system that had an answering machine that produced messages that were impossible to understand , and also a Panasonic system that had similar problems . This is the best of them all . The phones are clear , and the messages , while not perfect are at least intelligible . The handsets are larger than the V-tech , but not too bad .
 Compact , but it has decent sized keyboard on the base . It looks nice in any room . No problems , so far with either handset - can go from room to room without any static - even a short distance outside . Also , it is easy to program .
 Phones work great , but after I ordered the phones I discovered they were much less expensive at Circuit City and Best Buy !
 The only complaint i have is it is a little slow in dialing a number and the settings are a little hard to set upand they sometimes do not stay as you go along .
 Very pleased with the phone and all the features . Easy setup and use .
 Good product that has all the features we like and can not get on the later models .
 Received phone system really super fast , just as described , great communication A + . Great clarity , phone is just what I was looking for .
 I own a business and it gets loud in there and with these phones you can hear very clearly and it very simple to use . Love it
 First , the phone came on time and once I got it charged I was very happy with it . I have had other phones that cost more but have less features . This phone is perfect ! The speaker phone on both the handset and the base is great , crisp , and clear . The intercom feature is great , My fiance ' and I communicate from bedroom to kitchen through the inercom so that I can bring what ever he needs from the kitchen without yelling `` what do you need from the kitchen '' . The Do not disturb feature works great ; it just makes the phone/voicemail 100 % silent so that we can sleep without interruption -LRB- we work 3rd shift so we need our sleep during the day -RRB- . The ringers are lovely , I like the fact that we can pick specific ringers for certain people . Oh yeah , and the best thing about this phone in comparison to our old Vtech phone is that with this phone if we receive a voice mail we do n't have to hear the voice mail indicator beep until we get the message . The old Vtech phone we had used to get a voice mail and it would beep every 5 seconds until you listened to the voice mail . This phone does not make any noise unless I let it . Most of the time we keep the phone on Do not disturb due to telemarketers . I really love this phone and I did n't spend much money on it because it is a refurb !!!!
 I was always a panasonic fan , i got this phone by Uniden , and i love it.very nice machine .
 I LOVE THIS PHONE ! It 's the best phone I 've ever owned . I have the base unit , it 's one hand set , and two other hand sets . The sound quality is excellent , even when speaking with three other people -LRB- two on each end of the phone line -RRB- . That had been my biggest complaint about all of my previous phones
 This was a good purchase , excellent phone . I would only say it should have more tunes options .
 This phone really look good ... sophisticated , kindda . Not the easiest to program , too many features that I do n`t understand ... or need . But , setting the time and turning on the answering machine was simple . Thats all I need anyway . I would buy this phone again . Comes with 2 handsets and docks . But when i got it , I decided I needed another phone for another room . So I order an additional phone and dock to go with this phone.This one is a keeper .
 Very nice telephone system ... Especially like the automatic update feature for the other handset which eliminates programming everything again manually .
 We needed new phones and a friend of mind had these and I fell in love with them . I had to have them ! My favorite feature is the DND -LRB- do not disturbe -RRB- feature . The calls still ring then go to the answering machine , but you do not hear anything ! Especially good for those late night , `` oh , did I wake you ? '' calls ! My 2 year old has dropped both headseats several times and they still work great ! I would definately recommend these phones to anyone looking to replace your cordless phone . The one issue we have had is when you go to the other end of the house , the noise gets statically , but it is seldome we are back there talking that far away from the base unit .
 This phone system was to replace an old AT&T phone that was great until a power surge got it . The Uniden has proven itself a good phone system . We also bought an extra handset with it , TCX905 . We have a two story home plus a basement . Reception is great throughout all the floors . My daughter also likes that intercom capability . We 've had it for a month and it has been trouble free .
 I recently upgraded from another Uniden set . I love them . Remote answering machine is great . Intercom is super . Reception is good . I definitely would buy this item again . I have four phone throughout my house . It provides convenience.One of the things different about this set versus the older version is that the battery does n't stay charged quite as long . But , only within a few -LRB- 3-5 -RRB- hours fewer than the older version.Another difference is the size . It is a little larger , but makes it SO much easier to hang on to when using the phone.Otherwise , I could n't say enough good things about theses phones . They are a fabulous tool for communication !
 This phone is great . The sound is clear , even the speakerphone . It 's nice to have the base as a phone also , in case you ca n't find a handset.One drawback is that the ringers on the handsets do n't ring at the same time , they are out of sync . This is why it got 4 stars instead of 5 .
 In a few words , I rate this device 8 in a scale of 1 to 10 - But I think the base unit should have a built-in protection against power surge and or spykes . Other then this , it is an excelent apparatus . GerryC , NY
 This is the third set of phones I have bought trying to find one that I could hear on . The others were crap . I wo n't mention names , but they were not cheap . This one has a built in speaker phone right in the handset and the other pearson on the other end can not tell you are not talking right into the phone while holding it to your ear . When you do hold it to your ear there is plenty of volume to hear the conversation . I can set it next to me on an end table and carry on a conversation while doing other things at the same time . I recomend this phone to anyone that has ever been put on hold by some company or doctors office and you have to wait forever . Throw out your old phone and buy this one .
 I have been in search of a decent cordless phone forever ; it seems like all the phones I have purchased in the past get terrible reception . After reading tons of reviews I decided to take a chance on this Uniden phone . I am happy to report this phone 's reception is crystal clear ! Phone features such as multiple ring tone options and ability to retrieve answering machine messages from handset also work well .
 Many years ago I purchased a Uniden cordless phone . I loved it . It lasted for many , many years . When it finally died , I got cheap and bought a Panasonic set that was maybe only ten to twenty dollars cheaper . I hated that phone with a passion . Very low battery life , and would n't always warn you when it was about to die . No number to indicate how many messages you had on the base , just a single blink . When trying to use redail it would try to put the area code in front of local numbers , so you 'd get the operator instead saying , `` It is not nessecary to dial ... '' . I 'm so glad that phone died ! And it only took a couple years!Now I 'm back with tried and true , and loving every moment of it . The features are almost endless . I do n't know what half of them do . I now have a nice big , bright number showing how many messages I have . It came with 2 belt clips so I did n't have to get online and order any this time . They sound good and look good.Only two negatives I 've found so far : - Memory wo n't synch between phones . You have to enter your phonebook on each handset , or when erasing caller ID records only does it for the one phone . It would be nice to synch the phones so you only had to do these operations once . - Battery life still a little short . My and a couple friends play World of Warcraft and like to get on the phone while we play . Been known to play for 10 + hours per day on a weekend , so I need a strong battery life . While much better , it still does n't approach the 6 to 8 hours my old single handset Uniden gave me . It was a much larger unit though , with a much larger battery . But , these do pretty well compared to that Panasonic , where both handsets together may have gave only 3 hours sometimes.I would recomend this phone , or really any Uniden phone for that matter . I suffered for two years because I got cheap , do n't you do the same !
 This phone works very well . It is easy to set-up and use . It is easy to read . It is the first time I ever had to register and phone to the base and that was easy to do . I like the volume on the phone as my husband has some hearing issues .
 overall a pretty good phone but the ear-piece volume could be a little louder ... the speaker-phone volume works just fine .
 We have be using the Uniden TRU9485-2 for about a month now and have had absolutely no problems . The sound quality of the phone is perfect and the answering machine works and sounds great . Setup was extremely easy , which was mostly plug and play . We have not used that many of the features , but what has been setup and used work as advertised . I would recommend this phone to anyone .
 They are a nice pair of cordless phones . I use it on my VOIP connection . Sound quality is great . No interference no static . The reason I am giving it 4 stars is that . Unlike some other cordless phones , when you save a number in the phone book and after that person calls you , this phone does not retreive the name from the phone book but displays the default name from the phone company . If you are fine with that then go for it .
 What can I say . I needed a phone to replace my broken/dying one and this works . My only gripe is that you ca n't answer/call/use-the-speakerphone when the cordless phone is still in the charger , so do n't expect to use these phones on the charger for marathon phone sessions.I have n't replaced my phones in a while so maybe this is nothing new , but I thought it was cool to see the ` In Use ' status on the phone/base when my phone line is in use . This is so I do n't accidentally use the phone when the line is already in use .
 I purchased the Uniden system based on past experience with Uniden products , and for the features . I get great reception throughout the house . It has a huge list of features , including several ring tones and a cool `` screen '' feature on the handset that lets you screen a call from the handset . I have also enjoyed having the speakerphone - both on the base and handsets . Overall a great system for the price .
 The phone was recommended by a friend and we also read reviews before buying one . The setup and performance so far -LRB- 2 months -RRB- has been as expected . All features work well . Recommend it .
 The first shipment I got had serious volume issues on one of the headsets -LRB- as in I could n't hear the person I was talking to -RRB- ; but Uniden made replacement relatively painless -LRB- although I had to pay $ 12 to get a new one before I sent back the old one -RRB- . The new system is great - lots of useful features , good sound quality , just what I was looking for .
 I 've had the phone for 3 months and could n't be happier ... it 's very user friendly ... the clarity is excellent ... it holds a long charge ... I highly recommend this phone ... hopefully I will still be this happy 2 years from now ...
 Ordered this Cordless Phone System and am quite happy with it . I use one in the house and the other is in my husband 's garage . It is a good value for the money and have not had any problems with it . I 've yet to use all the features it contains . Reception is quite good and it goes the distance . That was a big concern , living in a remote , rural area . This was an excellent purchase for me .
 I bought this phone after considerable research online -- almost all recommending this phone over others . However , I 'm not sure that I would agree . It 's been a great phone as far as sound quality -- no complaints . However , I 've owned a lot of phones in my life and I 'm a relatively competent person when it comes to technology , but I can not figure out how , or even if , some of the features work . For instance , the caller ID does not give you a read out of the name of the caller -- even if you have them stored in the memory . I ca n't get the distintive ring features to work . Several of the buttons are counter-intuitive -LRB- i.e. try finding the last numbers that called your phone and you 'll generally first turn the volume of your phone ringer down ! -RRB- . Bottom line , I would n't tell someone not to buy this phone , but I would certainly look around at other models first .
 I 've had this phone for 1.5 months , and have been very satisfied . It is easy to set up , easy to use , good sound quality , large , easy to read font , ... , everything I want in a phone . Do n't really have any complaints until now when one of my handsets displays `` Out of Range '' message all the time , even though I 'm sitting right next to the main unit ! I would have given it 5 stars if it did not have this problem.I am writing this review mostly to inform you how to get rid of the `` Out of Range '' error , since some other reviewers had similar problem . I was able to get rid of the error by simutaneously pressing the Phone Off button -LRB- red -RRB- and the # button to deregister the phone , then put the phone on the base to re-register . I tried to de-register before from Menu - Deregister HS . This did not work!With this problem , I am just a little worried about the quality of this phone . Hopefully this is the last problem I 'll have with this phone : - -RRB-
 Everything is working well . The sound is clear . It 's eay to use . No static . We did have one problem . Caller ID did not work . We called technical support and a live peron helped us fix it .
 Love all the cool features , and the clarity of listening and talking too . I like the fact that you can enter people/numbers into your Address book on one phone , and with the push of a button you can send those entries to any or all other phones with your system .
 pROS :1 . Sleek design 2 . plenty of features 3 . good value for $ 80.00 4 . keypad lights up -LRB- could be longer -RRB- cons :1 . sound quality is so so 2 . ringer could be a bit louder 3 . battery life fairly short -LRB- just make sure to return to charging base often -RRB- Overall I would recomend this phone to a friend and then call them on it . LOL
 I did a fair amount of comparison shopping before buying this as I 'd had some bad experiences with other cordless phones . This Uniden model is working really well for me . The speakerphone in the base is very good -LRB- use it for work calls and have never had a single complaint ! -RRB- ; actually all the functions in the base work really well.Only reason I have not given it 5 stars is that it does n't have a good a range as my AT&T ; 5.8 GHz phone .
 I bought these because I needed a true 5.8 transmission to stop interference with my wLan and microwave . It eliminated my problems , however , these phones have more of an echoey sound to them . The handsets are a little larger than my old uniden 2.4 set . Also , the belt clips actually help act as a neck support when talking without a headset . My range seems to be decent , I have a 1800 sq ft , 2.5 story house and have had no problems . Overall a decent phone .
 I replaced 3 hard wired AT&T , Panasonic and Uniden phones -LRB- The Uniden had an answering machine which failed after 6 + years -RRB- . The wireless Uniden TRU9485 is WONDERFUL . The base unit is very user friendly , easy to program and has excellent quality voice . The address book feature is the best I 've seen or used . You quickly go to the section of the book based upon the first letter in your look-up and quickly page to the correct entry . I liked it so well , I replaced a Panasonic wireless phone system in my vacation home with a second Uniden TRU9485 .
 These are the best phones I have ever owned ! I actually have TRU9485-4WR , it comes with a `` submersible '' handset as well , it is the same as TRU9485-2 plus the `` submersible '' handset and another handset -LRB- & chargers -RRB- . As reviewed by others , it has the awesome ability of getting your messages at the handsets , and as some others left out , you actually have FULL answering machine control from all the handsets . Includes handy `` call screening '' option -LRB- read manual -RRB- . Great sound , including the answering machine messages . Also mentioned by other reviewers
 I purchased this to replace an older `` high end '' 2.4 Uniden that never quite cut the mustard with my parents hi expectations of overall quality . Immediately they were pleased with the send and receive volume . After a month they learned how to use the bells and whistles and have had nothing to say but good things . They really like the intercom , answering machine and how they can hear / be heard when making a call . The only reason I did not give this five stars is because I do n't know for how long it will last and perform well . I have made a note to come back and post an addition to this review in one year . Also ... if you need this in a hurry do n't go for the free shipping . It took 3 weeks from the time I placed the order to the time I received it.March 2011It 's been almost 4yrs to the date and the bases will no longer charge the batterys . Even after the batterys were replaced with OEM , terminals cleaned on both units . So they got 4yrs out of them . You be the judge .
 I had a 2.4 gHz Motorola that received a great deal of interference from our wireless network . I purchased this phone after Consumer Reports rated it the best and have been very pleased . Do I use all the features on the phone ? No . I pick up the phone , dial a number , hear someone on the other end . It works with no interference from the wireless network . I also have never had a multiple handset phone . Our house is quite small so I was skeptical . I have to say that I like it a lot and it has been very convenient . Watch out for some other phones with multiple handsets , though . A friend just bought another popular model and both handsets can not be used at the same time . This phone 's handsets can be used at the same time , say if two people want to talk at the same time to grandma .
 UPDATE : More than 5 years since I bought this ... Still going strong ... works like NEW !!! =============================================================================== I bought this at Amazon during thanksgiving -LRB- no special offers or deals attached to this though -RRB- and I have been using this one since almost a month now , and I have found absolutely no problems . Excellent signal strenghts , ease of use , excellent voice clarity , clear loud speaker phones on base and handset etc. . Very powerful cordless phone!I would have defintely given a five star rating but for just a few minor drawbacks like caller id not displayed as stored in the phonebook , and not being able to have a single universal phonebook across instead needing to manually copy across handsets and base . I guess these are more like `` features '' than limitiations.Overall , definitely worth buying .
 great sound quality . does n't interfere with wifi . good ergonomics . easy setup , basically you plug it in and then play with the menus until you 're happy . one nice feature is the ability to playback your voicemail from any extension . i 've had at least a dozen cordless phones over the years . i 've bought several panasonic phones which were very good . the newer panasonic 's have gotten to gadgety . my rule of thumb is if a gadget frustrates my wife than it 's too geeky . what does she like in our apartment ? the ibook , the tivo and this phone .
 Let me begin by saying that I am very pleased with my cordless phone system . I have the base and 5 handsets . I shall also say that the system is installed in a three story house with concrete block walls.I will now briefly state some positives , without overextending myself since others have already posted comments on most of them : - Setting up extra handsets was very easy , just put the extra handset on the base , wait about 5 seconds and presto ! - Good sound - Good range - Nice intercom feature . - Easy , large and helpful phonebook - Good answering system and a great option where you can listen to your messages from any phone and know when you have messages from any phone.All the other bells and whistles are there and then some . You can download the manual for free from Uniden 's website for all the list of features , if you want to compare with other options.Now , what I would call suggestions or ideas to address in the next iteration of this product .1 . - Although it is advertised that 5.8 GHZ phones do not have interference from common household items , I found that the phone next to my wireless broadband router did suffer some interference and crackle .2 . - In addition , some phones did suffer from noise , but as I said , my house is made of concrete blocks and some phones are in different floors . However , this brings me to my main suggestion . Make it so that people may add additional base units in different places connected to a phone land line . This may increase the range of the system as a whole , increase clarity and at the same time permit the integrated functionality of the whole system.As it is , I may not add another base in the farthest room and keep it working with the other base and handsets . That is a serious letdown for me .3 . - Intercom . -LRB- i -RRB- I can not announce anything over the intercom . I must page a unit , wait for that person to pick up and then talk . I think it might be useful to be able to just holler when dinner 's ready or not to forget something before coming up without having to force someone to stand up , pick up and then talk . Make it an option . -LRB- ii -RRB- I can not use the speaker feature with the intercom .4 . - Monitor . You can monitor another unit , but is not nearly as efficient as a dedicated baby monitor . The latter pick up sound much better.Alas , those are my comments on this product . In general , it is very good , among the best of several in the market with similar features . Good luck !
 This is a very nice set . It is very easy to set up and get started . I 'll skip all my happy fluff and get right to the problems you will want to know.I 'm docking one star for the following problems . * The belt clip is VERY CHEAP and pops off my belt frequently ; thus my phone has taken a few falls because of this . I 'm now used to just sticking it in my pocket instead . * When you delete the names from the caller ID list you have to delete the list off of each unit . You ca n't just push a button on the base and it deletes all of the caller id 's from all the units . It gets old having to track down all the handsets and delete the same stuff .
 I bought this phone to replace the last 2 cordless phones that we have had trouble with . Previously , I got a lot of noise/static . This phone works great . No static . The sound quality is very good . The message recording system works great , and is easy to navigate . The second unit is upstairs , and the wireless system means I can put the phone base anywhere I want to -LRB- within reach of a power outlet -RRB- . The remote unit 's sound quality is also very good , and there is no interference with the wireless network , microwave , cell phones , fridge , playstation , extra-terrestrials , etc. . .
 This phone system works and is extra handy with the extra handset . Crystal clear calls and an intercom feature make for a great phone set . I am very pleased .
 When doing intercom , it would be nice if the handsets could auto answer , instead of having to answer by pushing the button . Also can only intercom one handset at a time . Apparently , when doing the off-network , handset-direct-to-handset communication feature , you can only talk to one handset at a time , unlike regular FRS radios . When would you use this feature , anyway ??? The range must be minimal . I 've never tried it , though . Hey , it seems like a nice phone but have only had it a month.Adam
 Found it to be a snap to install . So far no issues . Highly recommended .
 Functions very easy to understand and set up . Like being able to program phones to function defferently on incoming call -LRB- can set individual phones to connect when picked up from base or touch any button to connect . Nice display and rocker button access to features . Only fault is battery drains when off base and in use periodically and needs to be charged in 2-3 days . Excellent product with good range !
 I had never used a Uniden product before I purchased this phone set and I must say that I am impressed with the clarity of sound on both speakerphone and handset -LRB- and the speakerphone IN the handset -RRB- . The phone is easy to operate . I live in an old , brick & concrete condo building on the 2nd floor and the phones work perfectly inside the condo ... but if I try to make a phone call from the basement of the building , I rarely get enough signal to complete a phone conversation . Then again , this building has old , thick , concrete walls and floors so that may affect things . If I had to buy another phone system again , I 'd still purchase this same set . Great system , overall .
 I love this system . It makes communicating with my husband when he is in the shop , so much easier.The best things are only having 1 base for multiple phones and each phone being a speaker phone .
 I am very happy with this cordless phone system with the extra handset . It was very easy to set up and the instructions for using it were clear . The main feature I like is the ability to check messages by remote from the extra handset -LRB- s -RRB- . A blicking light at the upper left corner of the phone indicates a message . All messages are recorded and played clearly . I also use the speakerphone a lot while working and that , too , was clear to the other party ; the speed dial is a time saver for frequently called numbers . The handset is very light and easy to carry around when I work in the yard.This phone has been perfect for my needs at an excellent price .
 I 've had this phone -LRB- actually 2 phones with the extra handset -RRB- for a couple of months now and I am very happy with it . It was very easy to set up and program . It has an excellent feel in your hand - it has a nice weight and does n't feel cheap . Although some reviewers have complained about the sound quality , I find it to be quite satisfactory . I love the copy feature which allows you to copy all the programmed phone numbers from one handset to another - takes about 5 seconds total ! All in all , I highly recommend this phone .
 An excellent system that works like a charm . Higly recommended . Two minor issues . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Battery life on a unit when off the charger pretty short due to display power requirements -LRB- 2 -RRB- Can not dial off stored incomming caller id 's since the system does not automatically inset `` 1 '' in front of the area code , when required . So just useful for recording the numbers .
 I just wanted to comment on my satisfaction with this phone . I 've used Uniden products for many years , and had a slum period with them , but this is definitely back to their great products I 've come to expect .
 Sound quality on both ends of a phone call are excellent . I am using this phone set up on a VoIP line and it is crystal clear . The menus are extremely easy to navagate through . The range is decent . We have the base in our master bedroom and the cordless phones work perfect until you get 3 to 4 walls/floors between the base and the phone . It has a variety of ringers and the display is excellent . Overall I would recommend the phone set you .
 So glad we bought these phones - they are great ! Do everything we want our phones to do .
 I needed a new phone because my old one just was n't giving me good reception in my new house -LRB- I 'm located in a little dip between two hills -RRB- . I get horrible cell reception and used to get bad in-house reception too . However , these phones work great ! It 's actually like having 3 phones - each handset plus the speakerphone in the base . I also like that the handsets have speakerphone too ! I rated 4 stars because some of the controls are n't that intuitive -LRB- I still ca n't figure out how to adjust the volume on speakerphone -RRB- and it 's annoying to have to add contacts multiple times -LRB- you have to add to each handset individually -RRB- and clear out the caller ID on each unit . Otherwise , these are great phones !
 OK , I studied and studied the Amazon reviews , then bought this phone a couple weeks ago . And after using it for 10 days or so , I have to say
 I like these phones . They look and feel great in the hand . The orange background color looks great and contrasts nicely with the gray/black text and key pad numbers . I replaced a more expensive Panasonic , which did n't have back lit keys.The keys are rubbery and big which make it easy to `` thumb '' dial with one hand . Regular dialing works great too!Each phone has a light which blinks when there is a message waiting ; a nice feature I 've never seen before.Expands to 10 phones !
 After an exhaustive search and a horrible experience with the much lauded and very disappointing Vtech I5871 -LRB- looks cool , bad reception , died completely a convenient 1 year and 1 month -LSB- read
 The title pretty much says it all , we have had this phone for a year or more and it has performed without fail . I like the fact that I can use the phone anywhere on my property and not have to worry about going out of range . I sometimes wish the speakerphone had a little more volume , but that 's a small thing . Great phone !
 received this item in time . installed it . no issues thus far . expect to have no issues later . can not say that the sound quality is exceptional . good overall . the best feature is the keypad on the base with the speakerphone maiking it like a 3rd handset .
 Extremely pleased with features , ease of use , documentation , and functionality . In addition I recommend the product quality and expandability .
 Love this phone . Works better than others I have had . Especially like the animated chick that chirps when the phone rings .
 Phones were easy to setup.Phonebook setup and transfering info from base to handsets goes smoothly.Speakerphone option on all is a very nice feature.Sound clarity on both ends is very good.Purchase and delivery from Amazon was excellant.Overall very happy with purchase and operation of phones .
 but unfortunately do n't have the instruction manual on how to set up ring tones , how many times I want it to ring before answering machine kicks in and how to retrieve the information such as the phone number , date and time of the person calling . All I can get is the voice message only . Could someone help me set this up.I give it a 5 star rating
 THIS PHONE SET IS AWESOME !! I just bought mine . It 's refurbished , and it works GREAT ! Everything works well , and the phone itself `` walks you through '' each set in entering all of your information . It 's easy . The phone set is stylish , every feature works well , and you will enjoy the sound and use of the phones , no doubt . The phones have a real `` meaty '' feel in your hand . You actually feel the phone , and the numbers and windows are lighted and easy to read . This is a good phone for mom or pop . I bought two other phones , at & t ; and another brand , name escapes me , at $ 60 each , and sent them back !! No feel , no style , features , ease of use , sound , no good , AND NO SPEED DIALING !! I think UNIDEN is the only company with SPEED DIALING !!! This set is awesome , and I bought it instead of the newer model replacing it because I wanted Speed Dialing !! NOW , THE ONLY FAULT
 I was never a big fan of Uniden until I bought this handset . I used to think Uniden only made those cheap white plastic handsets that look like they were handmade by someone with no aesthetic skills whatsoever . Not to forget that those are generally poor quality in terms of the sound as well . However , after I started using this handset , I had to change my opinion . It is a well-made product in all aspects . The physical build quality is very good as is the styling , color scheme etc. . The display is bright and clear and shows the number being called as well as other information such as voicemails , address book etc. . The sound quality is excellent this being a digital handset . I am a satisfied user of this product .
 Our old cordless phone was destroying our wi-fi signal , so I bought this phone to get out of the 2.4 ghz range . The phone was refurbished , but the only way you could tell is that the battery in one of the handsets was run-down . Charging that fixed it right up.Great phone , sounds nice , great range , and does NOT interfere with wireless . I love it .
 FOR ME THEE ONLY NEGATIVE ABOUT THIS PHONE IS THE AUDIO QUALITY . I FELT THAT VOICES LACKED SUFFICIENT MIDRANGE AND TREBLE , IN EFFECT THEY SOUNDED SLIGHTLY MUFFLED TO ME . FOR THAT REASON I RETURNEED IT AND PURCHASED A PANASONIC SYSTEM . OTHERWISE EVEERYTHING ELSE SEEMED EXCELLENT ABOUT THE PHONE .
 very good sound , great range , no interference from micro wave or wireless network .
 I purchased the Uniden TRU9485 cordless phones and answering system because I was getting poor reception with our previous phones . I am very pleased with the Uniden system except there does not seem to be a visual signal to let me know if I have any messages . You have to pick up the phone and listen for a beep to find out if there are messages . I would prefer a light that I could see as I enter the room or walk by . Other than that I think the phones are great !
 After reading many comments about the Uniden TRU9485 , I was skeptical in purchasing this phone . I am now confident in my purchase . For the price and features , you get an incredible bang for your buck.USER FRIENDLY
 Clear sound , simple to use
 I recently purchased this unit to replace an older V-tech model . It is loaded with many useful features . Overall I 'm happy but I 've experienced dropped calls while sitting in a chair only 20 feet from the base . There is a short beep and the call vanishes while the handset displays `` Out of Range '' . Pros : - Clear sound from the handsets.-Above average `` speakerphone '' clarity.-Information such as clock , CID/CW , and phonebook entries can be programmed into either the handsets or the base and copied to other units instead of programming each individually.-Easy to adjust volume control for ringer and calls.-Can have up to 10 handsets ; only the base needs to be plugged into the phone line.-Extra handsets are relatively inexpensive.-Pairs of handsets can be used as short-range walkie-talkies . - Flexible settings for answering machine . It can be set to answer in 2 , 4 , or 6 rings or not at all . Recording time for messages can be 1 or 4 minutes or announce only.-Messages can be accessed from handsets or base . There are new message indicators -LRB- flashing LEDs -RRB- on handsets and base to alert you to the messages.-10 number speed dial.-Up to 100 phonebook entries.-Paging and find handset functions.-Deluxe call waiting . If a call comes in while you 're on the phone a push of a button allows you to let the system ask your caller to hold , Indicate the line is busy , Forward the call , Conference , Answer , and more.-Room monitering . Very useful if there is a child or elderly person in another room and you need to monitor their activities.-Registering additional handsets to the base is very simple . Charge the new handset and simply place it in the base for a few minutes . Some other Uniden handsets will work with this unit but only the TCX905 will `` self-register '' . Cons : - Drops calls occasionally-Lower range than other cordless phones I 've had.-People say my voice sometimes sounds fuzzy or stacticky.-Only the handsets have selection of ringtones or distinctive ring , not the base.-No battery backup for base unit so the entire system is unusable during a power outage.The pros definately out-weigh the cons . I have mobility limitations to having handsets in every room is very useful . It is a keeper so I have decided to order additional handsets as well as a headset.The Amazon.com price is higher for the system than some competitors but they have the best price for the TCX905 accessory handsets , especially with free shipping .
 I really like this answering machine with dual keypad and speakerphone . I had one for several years and I bought one for my Mom also . I needed an extra handset , so I took that , and my Mom got a new answering machine and it did n't cost much more than a single extra handset costs . This is a really good deal .
 I purchased this phone two years ago and am pleased to report that it 's still working flawlessly . In addition to standard , garden variety phone use , I regularly use the handset 's speakerphone for long conference calls and have had no problems whatsoever . I think I may have finally found a keeper .
 I bought this telephone for my mother . She says that it is a great telephone and there is n't anything she does n't like . The recorder is easy to hear , the speakerphone works well , the buttons are easier for her to see than her previous telephone , the base unit numbers are easy to see and the telephone never has any static .
 These are nice little phones . The answering machine works easily and has intuitive controls . The base station speaker phone also works well . Also do not disturb mode , a nice feature when you want some down time .
 Many people have identified the good features of this phone . I get great sound quality and range and no interference with my home wireless network . I also like the speed dial allowing 32 digits per entry . Unlike most other brands with 15-20 digits , and some Uniden models , this lets you enter a full 1-800 number , a couple of pauses , and then a long PIN for a calling card.What aggravates me -LRB- and the reason for deducting a star -RRB- is the way call screening works . The idea is to let you listen to your callers leaving messages -LRB- or to your friends yelling at you to pick up because they know you screen calls -RRB- and deciding if you want to pick up the phone.The problem with this phone is that it also plays the outgoing message every time . I do n't need to hear my own message . Even worse , you get to hear it play all the way through , even if the caller has recognized a machine and immediately hung up . This makes the call screening feature worthless as far as I 'm concerned . I 'll keep using this phone , but with an old AT&T ; answering machine attached to it , one that screens calls properly .
 Will this jinx my answering machine and phones ?! I have owned this for over a year and am extremely happy with it . I have six units in addition to the one with the answering machine . I can take the receiver outdoors and still stay connected . I needed a system that could be expanded and it has met all of my needs .
 I bought this set for my parents -LRB- who are not technologically inclined -RRB- . To my delight , they found it straight forward to use . I did have to set up the answering machine and time/date , but that was all.The design and red/amber color are appealing . Buttons are well labeled and keypad on handsets are backlit well . I really like the keypad on the base . This makes handsfree/speakerphone calling very easy . The sound quality is very clear compared to some older panasonic and v-tech phones I 've had .
 Has a lot of features . The only deficiencies are the 12 minute recording time on the answering system with the option of limiting recorded messages to either 1 minute or 4 minutes . A longer recording time and an option of 2 minutes per message would have been nice . The tone quality is a little tinny but acceptable . The message alert sound feature is nice but it would be better yet if the LCD screen lit up when messages were waiting . Overall , this is a very nice 5.8 GHz phone for the money .
 I am very pleased with this phone set . The buttons are easy to push -LRB- the buttons on my last phone drove me crazy ! -RRB- , the sound quality is good and navigating around the phone system is intuitive . I would recommend these phones to a friend !
 This is our second purchase of a Uniden phone . We have had for three weeks . So far so good . Nice features , easy to operate . We like that we can expand to more hand sets AND the range outside in the backyard is great .
 I needed a replacement for a MUCH more expensive , 2-line cordless telephone/answering machine -LRB- from a different manufacturer -RRB- . I was surprised how inexpensive this unit was . Having dropped the second phone line , this system sounded like it would fit the bill , and it has.Some reviews mentioned potential problems when this unit is used near either a microwave or a wireless network . I installed the base unit on the kitchen counter , within a few feet of the microwave oven , and I have a wireless network in my home ; I 've had no problems of any kind with reception or clarity.I particularly like the phone book feature . One can maintain a separate phone book on each handset , plus one on the base station , or the entries can be copied -LRB- wirelessly -RRB- to any of the other units in the system , which eliminates redundant entry . Although it 's a minor quibble , I think they could have done a better job with the entry function . In edit mode , each press of a key cycles through the possibilities for that key , beginning with the upper-case value for each letter . This means that it takes 4 to 6 keypresses to get to the lower-case letters . If you want to use mixed case , you will obviously use a lot more lower-case letters than upper-case , so this logic seems reversed . Again , it 's a minor thing ; one wo n't spend a lot of time entering or editing phone book entries.I 'm very satisfied with this system . If it holds up and does n't require excessive maintenance , I 'll be extremely happy with the value .
 I like the different ring tones , some of them could be a little louder . But you can hear someone talking very well . Overall , I am very pleased with this phone . I had a very plain uniden phone and was very pleased with it . But after 15yrs , and dropping it about a hundred times , time to get a new one . I am still learning to use all the different features of the new one . But I am happy with this purchase .
 The system is as advertised , and works very well . It has good reception at reasonable distance from the main unit . I found the setup and instructions to be a bit confusing , but got through them . We 've been using it a few weeks now , but still have to reference the instructions from time to time due to the lack of understandable markings for the buttons to get or delete messages , etc. . In addition , the screen is a bit difficult to see from an angle , which tends to be annoying.Overall we like the units , and we 'll finally get used to which buttons do what . In the meantime , the directions are kept close by.Joe N.
 this phone is really smart . Each unit allows you to control the console . I can check my VM and program the base unit from any phone.Not only that , I can scale this unit so that it can do multiple units . Very nice.It does conflict with my wireless computer network however I altered my channel on my router and that took care of the conflict.The quality is nice too . Fit and finish have held up ... Listen to this , my 3 year old -LRB- at the time -RRB- tossed a unit into the toilet , flushed and left it to die ... * sigh * After removing the battery and letting it dry , it worked like a charm again . I doubt that would happen in your house so this phone is good for you ... Go for it !
 This phone system works wonderfully , as advertised and was shipped professionally and promptly .
 Love all the features that come with this phone . The one I love the most is the fact that you can answer the phone from the base and dial out from the base , this is a great feature for those of us that frequently replace the phone itself . Great product would recommend it to others .
 These are great . My set came with base plus three handsets . We have them parked all over the house and usually we can find one . When one runs out we just drop it off in another charger and grab one that is charged . Battery life is good - We went through several sets of portable phones for awhile then bought this one two years ago and never looked back.Baby monitor - never used it this way - seems easier to just buy a baby monitor . Phone to phone - sometimes useful when my husband is in the basement . But we do n't use those features too often.Sound is great . Redial button is a must for moms who are trying to reach pediatricians during call-in hours . Very easy to see list of last 50 + callers . Awesome phone .
 I found these to be much better than the panasonic phones that I had been buying . The menus and buttons are clear and understandable . Nothing dissapointing , which for some products is enough .
 Very pleased with phones ease of use and options . The only problem I have with this phone is it 's battery life . I am constantly recharging battery compared to my old Sony cordless . I will try to change the contrast on each phone to see if this helps . I have only owned the phone for 2 months and we will see if the buttons hold up after a year of use .
 Works well , looks good . I have a total of six phones in this system and have n't had a problem in the 8 mos . that I 've had them . The only thing I do n't like so far is the small clip that snaps onto the back for carrying the phone hands free , i.e. on a belt . It 's too short and does n't hold it well . The phone easily is displaced from its perch and dropped . I end up putting the phone inside my shirt or in a pocket .
 I have n't used any of the features of the phone other than being able to install the base/charger in various places in my house and have them all share the same phone line . I have the main unit plus three extra phones . Great range and they are crystal clear .
 I have n't had any problems with this product so far . It works well , it 's nice and clear and is a great upgrade from the previous Uniden 2.4 phone I previously had .
 I have recently started working full time from home . Much of my job is on conference calls . I get alot of use out of the speaker phone both on the base and the handsets . Reception is awesome . It even picks up the singing of my birds in another room . I have VOIP and this system works great with it . Also , being able join a call already in progress is great . The only thing we are still trying to figure out if possible or not is to have the message light blink when we have Vonage messages . Our old phone did that but we 've not been able to figure out how to do that with this , if it is possible . This system is AWESOME !!!!
 Greate upgrade , I upgraded from the uniden 2.4 and I love this model . Larger handset , better base readout .
 Update , I have been using these -LRB- with 9 handsets -RRB- for over 3 years now . Zero problems and they are fantastic for its price . ============================================================= I did not experiece the two problems mentioned below by previous reviewers :1 . I have comcast phoneline & this Uniden system works great .2 . It comes with all Cordless batteries . It does n't come with a 9V battery , how difficult is it find one at walmart/target . This comes with all the accessories needed.I added 6 handsets . The entire house is co-ordinated so well : Best features I love are :1 . Monitor any room you want in a flash2 . Privacy option prevents your guests monitoring you3 . Do not disturb button keeps all units quiet .4 . Global settings . Awesome - you set the settings in base , it applies automatically to all other units .5 . you can label each handset .6 . registering the handset to the base was a dream , put the handset in the base for 5 sec & you are done .7 . walkie-talkie feature8 . check messages from any handset .9 . all handsets have a red blinking light if there is a message . so , no need to run to base to check messages .10 . you can record a conversation .11 . you can enter your local area code , so when you dial local #s , no need to dial area code.I just got it a week ago & it works like a dream . I will provide an update in a month or so .
 The introduction of 2.4GHz-based 802.11 b/g wireless computer networks will spell the end of many 2.4GHz-based cordless phone systems . Though one can continue to use the phones , the interference they cause with wireless computer networks is a nagging problem . The solution is to either upgrade your cordless phones or your wireless computer network to 5.8 GHz . For most , upgrading the phone will be simpler and cheaper than upgrading the network.But selecting a new cordless phone is no simple proposition . There are dozens of variables to consider , and a wide range of brands , models and prices . Rather than searching primarily by price , many will find it easier to search by the specifics of their functional needs , narrow the results by reviews and brand reputation , and then narrow further by price.My search began with these technical requirements :5.8 GHz in both directions -LRB- some manufacturers extend handset battery by using 5.8 Ghz base-to-handset , and 2.4 GHz handset-to-base -RRB- . Digital handset-to-base transmission , and with some form of frequency-hopping spread spectrum technology for security.System extendable to at least three cordless handsets.Handsets must include headphone jack and speakerphone.Base unit must include digital answering machine.Excellent audio -LRB- listening and speaking from handset and headphone jacks.Useable audio -LRB- listening and speaking -RRB- from speakerphone.Ergonomic handset with positive-touch buttons of reasonable size.I 'm particularly uninterested in cordless phones that attempt to mimic the size , weight and ergonomics of cellular handsets . I do not carry my cordless phone in my pocket , and I have no need to trade ergonomics for portability.Items that do not concern me include : Caller ID.Phone book.Cordless range longer than 25-feet . With that , I researched dozens of products that met some or all of my basic criteria , including models from Motorola , AT&T ; , Uniden , Panasonic , VTech and several others . All but the Uniden TRU9485 -LRB- which is available in the base single-handset package , as well as 2 - and 3-handset packages -RRB- failed one or more criteria -- typically ergonomics . The TCX905 handset -LRB- supplied with the TRU9485 system -RRB- could still use slightly larger number buttons , but compared to all the other models I inspected in person , it was the easiest to dial.The TRU9485 has all the basics I listed above , plus many extras that are very handy : Two handsets can participate in a call simultaneously.Room / baby monitoring that allows any handset to monitor any other handset.Handset-to-handset communication , either as an intercom , or directly without engaging the base.System time and date set from any handset.Single touch `` do not disturb '' button on base unit silences all ringers.Phonebook entries can be sent from any station to any other station.Remote answering machine control from any handset .3 number redial list .100 number caller ID list.Separate mute and hold functions.Detailed , easy-to-follow instructions.And lots more . The system is compatible with a number of Uniden handsets , including TCX805 , TCX400 , TCX440 , TWX977 , ELX 500 -RRB- and the TCX905 included with base . Everything you need is included , including batteries , belt clips , and even a phone line for the base unit.The TX905 handset has a nice weight , and the buttons have a positive feel that lets you know when they 've been pressed . The display is easy to read , and the internalized antenna is a plus.There are very few things I dislike about this system , all of which are drawbacks with nearly every cordless system out there : Limited ring tones/tunes . Only three ring volume levels -LRB- off , low , high -RRB- . Short answering machine record time -LRB- 12 minutes -RRB- . Answering machine security code is only 2 digits.Always-on lights on handset base units waste power.Overall this system is a terrific improvement over the 2.4 GHz system that it replaced , and other than the typical cheesy , electronic ringtones , there 's really no major improvements I could think of . -LSB- 2006 hyperbolium dot com -RSB-
 I bought this phone after returning an AT&T ; 5.8 GHz cordless set . I was a little wary because of the poor quality of the AT&T ; phone , but the reviews on Amazon gave me the confidence to try this Uniden model.The reviews here are spot-on . The phone has excellent range and voice quality , and its minor detractors are just that -- minor . Here are my observations : PROs : - This system is expandable to 10 handsets -LRB- including the handset on the base -RRB- . This gives maximum flexibility in deploying in your home or small office . DO N'T BE CONFUSED . Get the TCX905 handset -LRB- $ 29.99 MSRP -RRB- . This is the one that is recommended for/provided with this phone -- I believe Amazon recommends some other handset . - Very good voice quality . Clear signal , no interference . This was a major detractor for the AT&T ; phone . - 20 ring tones -LRB- 10 musical , 10 ringers -RRB- . You also have the ability to set personal ringtones for people in your address book . You can set different ring tones on each handset . - Up to 100 numbers in your address book . HOWEVER , the phone book and CID system share memory , so it 's a TOTAL of 100 numbers . Hm . But each phone book entry can have 2 numbers -- so you do n't have to have multiple name entries for person -LRB- e.g. Mom home , Mom work -RRB- . However , the multiple entries are not delimited by text , so you have to remember which is home and which is work . - DirectLink `` walkie talkie '' mode . You can set two phones into direct mode and do a walkie talkie system . However , you also have an intercom capability as well . - Multiple handset `` conference '' call capabilities . If you pick up a call on one handset , someone else can join in just by turning on a second handset . Dropping off is easy ... just turn off the phone . There 's also a privacy mode in each handset that enables you to turn off this function . - Do Not Disturb function
 I purchased this phone only a few days ago but already I 'm quite impressed with it . Initially , I got the 2-pack and then picked up an extra two handsets . I 'll give a quick rundown of my pro 's and con 's . Many of these things have already been covered by other reviews but here goes anyway : PROS :1 . Excellent sound quality on both ends of the conversation . This includes the speakerphone which is one of the best I 've yet owned .2 . Fairly compact and attractive with no protruding antenna .3 . Extra handsets are very cheap . They cost well under half what the handsets for my VTech phone ran .4 . Very nice menu 's . Menu 's are well laid out and quite intuitive . I love the `` Global Settings '' menu which allows you to set the time and date as well as several other basic settings form one handset and apply it to all the others . This is also the case with the phonebook . I was thrilled to find that I did n't have to enter all of my contacts over and over again for each unit . Simply enter them on one handset and it 's an easy matter to copy them over to all the others . Speed dial and personalized ringer setting will not transfer , however , so you 'll need to set those up at each station .5 . Handset buttons are perfectly sized and have a very distinctive `` click '' feel when pressed .6 . Registering a new handset is as simple as placing it in the base-station cradle for 5 seconds . That 's it .7 . The inter-network capabilities of this phone are great . The intercom works perfectly and I love the Room Monitor function . The phone also has a feature called `` Direct Link '' which allows the handsets to be used as two-way radios . I have n't played with that feature yet so I ca n't comment on it but if it works as advertised it would be a very nice function .8 . Everything about the answering machine ! I love the ability to completely control the answering machine from any of the handsets . Also , the blinking `` Message Waiting '' light on each handset is a welcome feature.CONS :1 . Relatively short answering machine time of 12 minutes . For me this is n't really a problem but if you get a ton of messages then it could be on the short side .2 . As stated above , I like the blinking `` Message Waiting '' light on each handset but I just wish it would either blink faster or simply stay on constantly .3 . I wish the backlight on the base station would remain on constantly . Seeing as this unit is on constant AC power it would be nice to have the option to let this light remain on . This would make it easier to see the current time or number of messages waiting .4 . Like most expandable phone systems the extra handset bases are light as a feather . I wish manufacturers would simply put a little piece of metal in them to make them a little more stable.All of my `` CONS '' I consider to be of very minor significance . I must have owned at least a dozen different phones in the past few years and so far this one is my favorite .
 I just got this phone yesterday and I already love all about it , especially the fact that it has almost everything I 've been looking for when I was doing my research on buying a new phone for my business , without having to spend a ton of money . # 1 . The base speakerphone quality is very good , so I do n't have to hold the phone dialing some HP tech support and waiting 30 minutes untill someone finally answers the phone . From what my wife said , she could n't tell if I was on a speakerphone or using the handset . # 2 . The fact that it has caller ID display on a base makes it much easier to see who is calling on the other line while you 're talking to someone . # 3 . The range seems to be pretty good so far . I can go on another floor in the office building or even go outsite the building and still get good reception without any static noise . # 4 . I can record conversations using this phone , something I 've been doing on my cellphone when I do n't have a paper -LRB- or PDA -RRB- handy , or while driving -LRB- which would n't apply to this phone anyways -RRB- . It may also come handy if you need to record a conversation for some evidence . # 5 This phone has a `` HOLD '' button , which you may think is standard , but you will be surprised how many phones do n't have it , probably more then 50 % . If you 're running a business , this is a MUST to have feature . # 6 . It 's got all the other features , such as being able to insert or remove `` 1 '' on the front of a number on your Caller ID or remove the area code simply by pressing a button ; I can adjust ring volume on the base as well as on the handset ; The base has dial buttons so I do n't have to pick up the handset to dial a number ; The design seems to be well to medium well done and it fits nicely with other devices that I have on my desk ; It has answering machine built-in , it can be expandable to multiple phones -LRB- although it 's NOT a multiline phone -RRB- and lot more ... Well , not everything is perfect in this world , neither is this phone . There are couople of drawbacks in this model :1 -RRB- . The handset volume could be a little louder . I use mine 100 % and it 's still not as loud as my other phone is . I like to have some room left for extra volume in case I have someone with really low signal on the other end of the conversation . But this can be easily solved by turning the handset speakerphone on , which will give you plenty of volume even for half deaf folks .2 -RRB- . One big drawback in this phone is the power dependancy -LRB- which is what you will get on ANY 100 % cordless phone anyways -RRB- If you do n't have power coming to your house or office for any reason -LRB- such as power outage or unpaid electric bill -RRB- , you wo n't be able to make or receive any phone calls using this unit , so you have to have a basic old phone as a backup for emergency situations . In my case I have a basic GE handset without the AC adapter -LRB- but with Caller ID ;-RRB- -RRB- so I feel this issue is solved in my case .3 -RRB- . As I mentioned earlier , this is NOT a multiline phone , so if you are buying it for business , you may consider to get a multiline phone instead . This is not exactly a drawback , but instead a design implementation , but I included it here in case someone need to consider this feature before you spend your money on this phone . In my case 1 line is plenty as long as I have Call waiting.I am giving this unit 4 stars , because for the price you pay you will get a really nice device that seems to do everything someone in my opinion will expect a basic phone to do these days and possibly even more . I took 1 star away because of the drawbacks described above . We 'll see how reliable it will prove over time .
 These are the best phones I have ever owned ! I actually have TRU9485-4WR , it comes with a `` submersible '' handset as well , it is the same as TRU9485-2 plus the `` submersible '' handset and another handset -LRB- & chargers -RRB- . As reviewed by others , it has the awesome ability of getting your messages at the handsets , and as some others left out , you actually have FULL answering machine control from all the handsets . Includes handy `` call screening '' option -LRB- read manual -RRB- . Great sound , including the answering machine messages . Also mentioned by other reviewers
 1 -RRB- Why I bought what I boughtWe had a 900MHz cordless Panasonic with voice recorder for about 8 years . We also have had a very simple 900MHz Sony cordless for about 12 years . Both actually worked well but each had issues.The Panasonic had to be disassembled every three months so we could clean the keypad contacts with alcohol as they had some kind of oily liquid that interfered with the contact . The Panasonic also had a bit of a strange user interface . For example one had to click down then right on the `` joystick '' button to select the directory before selecting a name to dial . The handset operation of the voice recorder was so cryptic that we always used the base.The Sony worked quite well except the listening volume , with only two settings , was too low so we only used that phone to answer when in the bedroom . If we had to make a call we would use the Panasonic so we would have good volume.My sister recently bought a Uniden TRU9485-2 and loves it so I started doing some research . I checked Amazon user comments on a lot of cordless phones , including a number of Uniden models , and it was clear that this particular model had the highest user rating so I dug in to learn more . Then made the decision to buy.Amazon 's free shipping is something I always pay attention to and wanted to take advantage of it this time . Strange though that the TRU9485-2 -LRB- indicating TWO handsets -RRB- is not sold and shipped by Amazon . However the TRU9485 with one handset IS sold and shipped by Amazon as is the TRU9485-3 with three handsets . So I bought a TRU9485 plus an extra handset TCX905 and the total of the two was just $ 3 more than this two handset model but with free shipping ! I even called Amazon about the strange situation that they do n't sell and ship the two handset model but they could only give me a standard answer.I also bought a TWX977 waterproof , floating handset which I will review .2 -RRB- My observationsFirst I really like to read the least flattering comments of users to see what they do n't like . Two things stood out . 1 -RRB- The range is n't as good as they hoped . 2 -RRB- The volume is n't loud enough -LRB- a big concern for me as our Sony is almost useless because of low listening volume -RRB- . So the first thing I checked was the range and volume.We live in a standard California tract home of somthing less than 1/4 acre . I walked the phone to every corner of our lot including to the far corner of the garage which has a tent trailer and boat so there is pleanty of metal to block a signal . The phones performed flawlessly to the extend of my property.The volume is adequate on the earpiece , and loud on the speakerphone in the handset . On a scale of 1-10 , where 1 is silent , 10 is too loud and 8 is what I would hope for , I would rate the volume a 6-7 . It is fine in a normal home noise environment but if there were more noise it may be hard to hear . Not bad enough to send it back though . The sound quality is tip-top . Features
 I dug around on the web a lot for a new phone/answering system after I just got fed up with my 3-year old VTech system . There seem to a lot of systems that have almost everything , but never quite ALL the features I want . Eventually I decided on tis as it seemed close enough , and some friends of mine swear by their Uniden phones.Pros : Buttons light up.You can assign different ringers to different phone numbers.The basic functions all work great , calls are clear and the speakerphones are great.Batteries seem pretty good so far.Intercom / room-monitors are cool.Phones are sturdy and stand up on their own.You can access the answering machine from any handset.Cons : Only one inbox on the answering machine.Phone books are per-handset , not for the whole system -LRB- this might be a feature , but it 's annoying for me -RRB- ** This CAN be triggered manually , actuallyThe base only has one ring-tone for some reason.Caller ID does n't use the name you 've entered in the phone book.NOT the coolest looking design I 've ever seen.Not all the ring tones seem loud enough . ** By Pressing the * button when viewing the caller ID , it will add a 1 to the front of the numbers , good for dialing out if you live in the NYC metro area or another area where that is mandatory for proper dialing . it would be nice to be able to set that up as the default.Those lists look equal in length , but the PROs are much better than the CONs and mostly I am totally satisfied .
 This phone is awesome . Exactly what I was looking for . It has all the bells and whistles you could want on a phone but will never use them all.Imagine the functions on your cell phone . Now imagine all those functions on a land line phone . Viola ! This phone works and delivers just like a cell phone . The 5.8 G is powerful enough that you can walk away from the base and go downstairs and out to the garage and even walk across the street to your neigbors house . That 's what I do . This way the little misses will be able to page me when she needs me.Another nice feature is the intercome feature . If you have a little toddler , this phone is able to hear what goes on in the room where he/she is . Or just to check on who 's doing what.Another plus is that you can have up to ten handsets added to this phone . I had to purchase 2 more handsets as we found that it was needed . And both the new handsets corallated with the base and we were off and running in no timeInstallation was a breeze . Anyone can do it . Like I said before - this phone is equipped with tons of features that I would not even use - BUT it 's nice to know that it is there.The digital answering machine is very simple to use . Saving , storing and deleting messages are very simple . Make sure you have the manual by the phone the first month of usage as you will need to refer to it a few times until you get a customed to the features.The only set back to this phone that I 've found is the ringer volume . It goes from OFF-MED-LOUD . That 's it . The MED setting might be a little low and the LOUD setting might be a little high . Kinda hard to find a happy medium here.Other than that I love this phone . Although I do use my cell most of the time , I look forward to using this phone . And I do every chance I get.If you are looking for a phone that does everything and still be reasonably priced - GET this one !
 I normally am a `` Review Lurker '' - meaning I read them when I 'm looking to purchase , but rarely if ever write them . So when began looking for a new cordless home phone , I started hitting the reviews . I 've owned Uniden phones before , so maybe I was a little biased , but I 've tried many other brands that various friends have owned and found them lacking . So , I finally settled on the Uniden TRU9485-2 . Not only is this the best cordless phone I 've ever owned , it 's so good that I felt compelled to write a review.I do n't ask much from a cordless phone , but I also do n't compromise on the features I 'm looing for
 Excellent reception short range.Great speakerphone.Lots of memory for speed dials , etc.Cons : Reception is not too good long range -LRB- i.e. out in the yard 50 feet away from the house -RRB- . Overall , my family is very happy with the purchase .
 I bought this set after owning the Uniden TRU-448 2.4 gHz system with dual handsets - which was the best cordless phone set I ever owned . When shopping for a new set , I based my research on this older system . What I came up with was the Uniden TRU-9485 5.8 gHz system which pretty much features everything that older system did and then some.I have owned the TRU-9485 for 6 months now and it is a solid performer across the board . Even the speakerphone mode works really well , which is often not the case - words do n't get cut off and it 's very intelligible . The programming abilities may be a bit deep for some folks but for me , the level of user customization is superb given the fact that this set costs under $ 100 . Here 's a rundown of what I found to be good -LRB- and bad -RRB- : What 's Cool : Nice Display and Backlighting - even with 10 levels of contrast control . Very easy to see and read when using phone.Speakerphone in handsets .2 numbers per phonebook entry.Each handset can have a custom name - no more guessing of which handset goes where.Allows for 4-way conferencing.Backwards compatibility with some older Uniden handsets.Can copy entire phonebook directories from one handset to another.Six levels of audio volume - on everything.Up to 10 handsets can be used in this system.Can make calls from base.Assignable ring tones for callers.Can update global settings from any station - for the entire system.Soft keys for more flexible onscreen programmability.Can make calls from Caller ID list.Handsets can stand upright on tables , etc.Battery power indicator.Handsets light up fully when a call comes in , making it easy to notice , even when the ringer is muted.Superb audio and respectable speakerphone cutoff.Virtually noise free , even in bad transmission conditions , and also secure as this system operates in digital spread spectrum mode.No interference -LRB- RFI -RRB- from or to a 2.4 gHz wireless network.Base set 's display lights up and stays lit up when there is a new message waiting - and it 's easily noticeable from clear across the room.All handsets also have a red blinking LED indicator when there is a new message waiting.Good signal range - even when I 'm in the garage -LRB- which is clear over on the other side of the house -RRB- or outside , it works flawlessly.What 's Lame : No ability to change frequencies -LRB- channels -RRB- manually while on phone calls.Power outages render the entire system unusable - including the base.The circular `` shuttle '' button that has the caller ID , phonebook and up/down arrow keys is somewhat flimsy and unresponsive to keystrokes , especially on the base.Answering machine time is pretty skimpy and has limited choices for maximum length of message.Remote access to answering machine only has 2-digit security code protection.Yearnings : Multiple mailboxes.Signal strength indicator.Battery power left displayed in percentages rather than an arbitrary icon.Selectable backlight colors.The Bottom Line : The TRU-9485 simply rocks . The expandability and programmability this system offers is not only cool , but also useful . Given the price , there 's not much I can fault this system for . The audio is clean and so is the signal - quite possibly the most noise free cordless phone system I 've used yet . In light of its over all performance and features - it gets a solid 5 stars .
 I have been a Uniden customer for 12 years now . I never had luck with cordless phones before I moved to Uniden . I have a teenager and twin 5 year olds who can beat up anything and these phones never seem to break . I have not only seen these phones dropped , but occasionally thrown and their endurance amazes me.I have only had this new one for about 1-2 months and I love the features . I will assume it has the same durability I have grown accustomed to . I highly recommed it .
 This digital phone system is all it is adverstised to be ! I followed the instructions that came with the phone , including loading favorite numbers , speed dials , etc. . It could n't have been easier . Favorite numbers can be shared by all handsets , even ones purchased later and added to the network . The sound is crystal clear on all handsets and the base station speakerphone . The units offer features now found on cell phones , such as `` enter the number then hit ` dial ' , or do it the old fashioned way -LRB- dial tone then dial the number -RRB- . `` The only imporovement I would suggest is offering speed dial on the handsets as well as the base station.Great system !
 This is quite simply the best cordless phone I 've ever owned . For that matter , it rivals all of the corded phones I 've ever owned , too . Uniden did their homework on this model , and it begs the question `` why did it take so long for such a good phone to be released ? '' The sound clarity of the system is as good as it gets . Both the base station and the handsets -LRB- comes with 2 -RRB- have speakerphones that are also super clear . Check messages on the base or on the handset where you can control all the normal answering machine functions -LRB- handset has a message waiting light -RRB- . Controls are all well thought out , build quality is good , and the system overall is just amazing . The only possible criticism for this phone is that it wo n't work in a power outage -LRB- not even the base speakerphone , but this is not a surprise -RRB- . And , if the power does fail , the clock will be reset to 12:00 AM -LRB- flashing -RRB- until you either set the clock or use one of the handsets to reconnect -LRB- it will re-sync the time -RRB- . Other than that , this is an amazing phone , and I say `` BUY IT ! ''
 I have had this system for about a month . I like it a lot . Clear sound , nice look , and lots of good features . Speaker phone on base is great , on handset , pretty good . Intercom is nice , although it is a bit weird that the phone you start the intercom from , rings until the other end picks up . I also like that the phone book can be transferred from base to phones and vice versa . That is handy , plus custom rings.The only negatives are that the Caller ID requires deletion from each piece , base , and each handset . If I let it go on the phone that gets less use , the phone will build up 20 plus caller IDs ! I would like to see deleting on one piece , deleting on the others . Also , the battery life is a bit suspect . It looks like the handsets are getting about 2-2 .5 days of life .
 I bought this for my 86 year old mother . It took us 4 hours to program the answering machine and show her the various functions , mostly because the instructions and the names given to the various buttons are not intuitively obvious . I am a Macintosh user and accustomed to user-friendly machines , I suppose , but her last answering machine was much easier to set up . HOWEVER , we love this machine now that it is up and running ; the voice quality is great , and the extra keypad on the answering machine means that she can actually follow an electronic menu without frustration . She is even using her new cell phone to call her home message machine from remote locations to keep up with her calls . I would suggest that people read the instruction manual from the very beginning -LRB- ie , the glossary of terms ! -RRB- before trying to set it up .
 We have had this phone for a couple of weeks and are very satified . The speaker in the base and in the head sets really helps me , as I do not hear very well on some phones . -LRB- I wear hearing aids . -RRB- The ability to syncronize the address books with all the other phones is also a very helpful feature . We are having fun with all the different songs and ring tones . Uniden did a nice job in the design and details . The phone really looks very nice . About the only negative is the fact that the caller ID does not `` match up '' the name for the caller that you may have entered in the phonebook , but that 's not a big problem ... I would not hesitate to buy this phone .
 Have had this for about a month at the time of writing . Very pleased with it.Pros : Good audio quality . Easy to use , and program.Intercom between sets , and call transfer . Can pick up messages on any set . Can add up to ten sets . Can add different sets , for example , Uniden 's Waterproof handsets.Cons : Can not seem to use intercom in speaker mode on handsets .
 I 'm pleased with the Uniden TRU9485-2 . It is comfortable to hold , easy to dial , and loud enough to hear . The directions are a problem , and there are still things I ca n't figure out . Last night it beeped repeatedly , and I have no idea why ! Nevertheless , I 'm not sorry I bought it . My last telephone -LRB- an AT&T -RRB- drove me crazy because I kept inadvertantly hitting the mute button !
 We think the TRU9485-2 is a great product . The only thing we would want is the day , day 's date and time when a message is felt . If you are gone for two or three weeks or want to keep the message you get the name of the day and time , for example
 This phone is almost perfect . In contrast to most consumer electronics , this one does n't need a manual to set up or use . Synchronization between handsets or handset-base is excellent . Performs well as an intercom and a baby monitor.I 'm not giving five stars , since there sometimes callers have trouble hearing the callees in speaker phone mode . I would give it 4 and 1/2 stars if I could.Despite this small caveat , this is a phone system that is recommended without reservations .
 My only regret is that I did n't get at least one more extra handset with it . This phone system does everything I have tried to do with it . Please keep in mind I would much rather read a book than learn how to use all the features of my latest electronic purchase . My first cordless phone was also a Uniden and worked well for many years . In fact long before I decided to replace it , at one point I lost the handset . I found it in a load of just washed clothes and just knew it was a goner . I left it alone for a day or two . Decided to just see if I could get a dial tone . It worked for several years after that with the same battery it had when I washed it .
 These are great phones ! I bought two bases for my house -- one for my home office & one for the main line . Works flawlessly ! Setup is a breeze , reception/volume is terrific , transfer functionality is very nice . Speakerphone works excellent and each handset has its own too -LRB- I actually like the handset speakerphone as it is n't as sensitive -RRB- . Great phone , and after a lot of research , I feel I made the right decision .
 I do n't use the phone much , but my wife and daughter are on the phone several hours a day . I had purchased the first Uniden 5.8 GHz unit several years ago and decided to upgrade when my wife reported that the batteries were failing on longer calls . So far , this system has been trouble-free . The `` out of box '' experience was great with no setup issues and the performance has been outstanding in my 4000 square foot , two story house . The only flaw is that it ca n't really be used for unit to unit communication since each unit has to be first put into a special mode which makes it almost useless as an intercom .
 This phone was really very nice . It was simple , easy to set up and use . The handsets as well as the base were ergonomic and modern looking . The answering system worked well and could be checked from the handsets which was nice.Unfortunately , the second handset was `` out of range '' less than 60 feet away on the other side of two brick walls . We really wanted these phones to communicate with each other well , in order to transfer calls/intercom with my father working out in his building . Also , just walking too far -LRB- which was not far -RRB- outside with handset caused me to be cut off . The lack of an antenna may be one major cause of this problem . However , the handsets look nice and are nice to hold . The darn things just wo n't reach!So if you need a good , simple , well-designed pair of phones for around the house -LRB- and it 's not a big house -RRB- then I say definitly get this phone .
 I needed a phone for my bedroom , but found I had no phone jack . So , I looked at phones that had the `` satellite '' plug in and use feature . Most I viewed were very expensive . However , this particular phone is available at a great price , offers expansion via purchase of satellite phones , is extremely easy to use although setting up the phone book was an arduous task , and although it 's not terribly attractive , it 's compact and takes up very little space . The base and the satellite handsets are small which I particularly like.Once I read the manual , I realized that I could copy phone numbers from the base or handset to each other . That made creation of the address book easier , and you also have the capability of having different phone books in each phone . That came in handy for me because I have my own phone numbers and my roommate has her own phone numbers and in addition , you can set different rings for mine and hers . So , we know who is receiving a call.Truly a great phone .
 THIS IS GREAT PHONE SYSTEM FOR THE PRICE AND HAS EVERYTHING THAT I WANT AND NEED AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE .
 To all the people who have this phone I have a question . Is the screen really easy to read because I am looking to buy a phone for my parents and they always have trouble see the caller id screen . So would you recommend this phone if I am looking for a clear screen ?
 Phone was very easy to set up . Let everything charge for the day , and it took minutes to set up after that . If you have rooms that do n't have a phone line , and you want a phone there , this is the way to go . The features are easy to use , and the range on the phone is quite nice .
 This is a great system . The sound quality is wonderful . So far there have been no glitches at all . Every feature I can imagine wanting is available .
 it has many features , and once yoou use them it is a breeze . first you have too set up he phone 's area code so it will dial back without hitting &#34; 1 &#34; everytime you return a call using caller ID , guess most dont like to pick up the book , global settings and phone setting to get started with , it so easy once you take the time , my uniden has lasted 3 years so far , battery life depend on how you first charge them , do not charge them for less than 24 hours before use once again read !! uniden makes the #One cordles phone lines on the market &#60; be sure to get the waterproof one for the bath or around the pool &#60; left this thing outside in one hundred degree day and rain and it still works great !
 We finally got a landline -LRB- my first since college -RRB- and we opted for this system after reading reviews and for its selective ringtones . Assigning ringtones to callers -LRB- or groups of callers -RRB- is a must for anyone use to the same feature on his/her cellphone . Although you are limited to the number and choice of ringtones included on the phone , we have had no problem assigning either individual ringtones to certain contacts or to certain groups -LRB- e.g. my friends , wife 's friends , etc. -RRB- . We have added the yellow water-proof Uniden to the system with no problems.Phonebook can be copied to all handsets and base , however , ringtones have to be assigned on each phone . So , pick your choices carefully , and just take some time to do so while watching the TV .
 I replaced my Vonage-only vtech 5.8 GHz set with this one . This is a very good set performance and featurewise , except for the range . The VTech remote handset worked fine in my bedroom -LRB- I could even walk out to the street ! -RRB- , but with the same base/remote station placement the Uniden breaks up , which is very dissapointing.My base is in my basement , so for most users it probably wont be much of an issue if any .
 We replaced our old cordless with this and have no complaints at all . Setup was easy and our calls are clear .
 We 've owned this unit for several months now and love all of the features and quality . We have not discovered any problems or difficulties . Very intuitive and easy to learn . We compared many of the other phones with similar features and ca n't believe the value and quality for a much lower price .
 The introduction of 2.4GHz-based 802.11 b/g wireless computer networks will spell the end of many 2.4GHz-based cordless phone systems . Though one can continue to use the phones , the interference they cause with wireless computer networks is a nagging problem . The solution is to either upgrade your cordless phones or your wireless computer network to 5.8 GHz . For most , upgrading the phone will be simpler and cheaper than upgrading the network.But selecting a new cordless phone is no simple proposition . There are dozens of variables to consider , and a wide range of brands , models and prices . Rather than searching primarily by price , many will find it easier to search by the specifics of their functional needs , narrow the results by reviews and brand reputation , and then narrow further by price.My search began with these technical requirements :5.8 GHz in both directions -LRB- some manufacturers extend handset battery by using 5.8 Ghz base-to-handset , and 2.4 GHz handset-to-base -RRB- . Digital handset-to-base transmission , and with some form of frequency-hopping spread spectrum technology for security.System extendable to at least three cordless handsets.Handsets must include headphone jack and speakerphone.Base unit must include digital answering machine.Excellent audio -LRB- listening and speaking from handset and headphone jacks.Useable audio -LRB- listening and speaking -RRB- from speakerphone.Ergonomic handset with positive-touch buttons of reasonable size.I 'm particularly uninterested in cordless phones that attempt to mimic the size , weight and ergonomics of cellular handsets . I do not carry my cordless phone in my pocket , and I have no need to trade ergonomics for portability.Items that do not concern me include : Caller ID.Phone book.Cordless range longer than 25-feet . With that , I researched dozens of products that met some or all of my basic criteria , including models from Motorola , AT&T ; , Uniden , Panasonic , VTech and several others . All but the Uniden TRU9485 -LRB- which is available in the base single-handset package , as well as 2 - and 3-handset packages -RRB- failed one or more criteria -- typically ergonomics . The TCX905 handset -LRB- supplied with the TRU9485 system -RRB- could still use slightly larger number buttons , but compared to all the other models I inspected in person , it was the easiest to dial.The TRU9485 has all the basics I listed above , plus many extras that are very handy : Two handsets can participate in a call simultaneously.Room / baby monitoring that allows any handset to monitor any other handset.Handset-to-handset communication , either as an intercom , or directly without engaging the base.System time and date set from any handset.Single touch `` do not disturb '' button on base unit silences all ringers.Phonebook entries can be sent from any station to any other station.Remote answering machine control from any handset .3 number redial list .100 number caller ID list.Separate mute and hold functions.Detailed , easy-to-follow instructions.And lots more . The system is compatible with a number of Uniden handsets , including TCX805 , TCX400 , TCX440 , TWX977 , ELX 500 -RRB- and the TCX905 included with base . Everything you need is included , including batteries , belt clips , and even a phone line for the base unit.The TX905 handset has a nice weight , and the buttons have a positive feel that lets you know when they 've been pressed . The display is easy to read , and the internalized antenna is a plus.There are very few things I dislike about this system , all of which are drawbacks with nearly every cordless system out there : Limited ring tones/tunes . Only three ring volume levels -LRB- off , low , high -RRB- . Short answering machine record time -LRB- 12 minutes -RRB- . Answering machine security code is only 2 digits.Always-on lights on handset base units waste power.Overall this system is a terrific improvement over the 2.4 GHz system that it replaced , and other than the typical cheesy , electronic ringtones , there 's really no major improvements I could think of . -LSB- 2006 hyperbolium dot com -RSB-
 These are the best phones I have ever owned ! I actually have TRU9485-4WR , it comes with a `` submersible '' handset as well as three other handsets with chargers . You can add up to 9 handsets to this system . As reviewed by others , it has the awesome ability of getting your messages at the handsets , and as some others left out , you actually have FULL answering machine control from all the handsets . Includes handy `` call screening '' option -LRB- read manual -RRB- . Great sound , including the answering machine messages . Also mentioned by other reviewers
 Good sound quality and user friendly interface/setup . The things that stand out most for me are : - Large buttons on the base , HS buttons are n't too small.-Speaker phone on both the base and HS.-Adjustable volume on the fly -LRB- 6 settings -RRB- for ear and speaker phone.-Easy to read displays.-HS is just the right size , not too big , not too small.-All in one phone , caller ID , and answering machine.-Flashing light indicating new message.If I have any beef at all at this point it 's that the caller ID memory on the base does n't update when you delete a number from the HS . Besides that , I am very pleased with the whole package.I would easily recommend this product to my family and friends.HS = Handset
 We 've had this phone for about a month & when we first got it , the handset would ring at the same time as the base . But lately I 've noticed that the handset doesnt ring/make a sound until about 1 second after the base . Another reviewer said the same thing for the 9485/2 and it 's annoying . When this happens the handset is no more than 30ft from the base , so I know it 's not a distance thing . Another thing is that the date/time/name `` stays on '' on the handset - which is a waste . The melodies/tones are `` cheesy '' like a lot of other reviewers have stated.Apart from that this phone is pretty cool . The monitor is a cool feature . Make sure to press `` privacy '' though if you dont want someone listening in on your conversation . U can also record your calls and another cool feature is when someone else calls while you 're on the phone - U have the option to send them str8 to the voicemail , or send them a message saying to hold on or u can send a message saying you 're busy.Will purchase additional handsets in the future .
 I 've had a lot of different cordless phones over the years and I must say this one is the best I 've bought . The person who complained on here about the speaker phone on the handset not working or not being loud enough has an isolated problem , a defective handset , or they 're deaf ! Plenty of volume on the speaker handset . Along with all the other features , I would highly recommend this product .
 Great phone , no complaints . Clear , very long range , battery lasts for days . Would highly recommend this phone .
 This review is for the Uniden TRU9485 after a little over two months of use . Nice features , including the Do Not Disturb if you do n't want to hear the phone ring . Answering machine has worked flawlessly . Sound quality from the speaker is fair to good . Fairly compact on the desk . The only two negatives for me would be that the unit seems flimsy due to the nearly all lightweight plastic construction and , in my opinion , the phone handset should be full size , since the only value I can see for a smaller cordless phone is for one that you carry with you when you travel . These seem to be only minor drawbacks , though . Worth a 5 rating at this point . Longevity remains to be seen .
 Have had this phone for about a week and just love it . It 's a nice size and is easy to carry around . I bought a Panasonic 2.4 mhz last year and that 's nice also , but the Uniden is better . Very clear sound and I love that I can turn the ringer off . Have n't used the baby monitor yet , but it 's a nice feature . Answering machine is easy to set up and I like that it beeps as well as blinks when there is a message . All in all very good value for the money .
 Prior to purchasing the phone system from -LSB- ... -RSB- , I had questions that needed to be answered from the manufacturer . It only took them two days to get the answers and I purchased the product immediately . It was shipped on time and I am very satisfied with the product and the service I received .
 I use this phone with my Magic Jack and it works well the sound is clear and people can hear me well . I 'm very impressed with the phone 's features ! It has speaker on the stand and on the handset , you can record ringtones and many more things that I have n't tried yet.The problem comes in that this phone 's range is really bad . I pretty much can only use this in the room that its in or it cuts out . I went in the next room -LRB- which is only through one wall -RRB- and the signal totally dropped . So you can basically think of this a great wired phone without the hassle of getting tangled up in the cable.The battery is pretty good so far although its not a Lithium Ion so you have to be mindful of the battery `` memory effect '' . In summary I gave this 3 stars but this would be a 5 star phone if it just had better range.Edit : Two years later - I was wrong about the range issue . For some reason it had trouble at first and now it works great so I have to equate that to something in my environment not the phone . It has been working great , the speaker works well and it works wonderfully with my headset . I 've adjusted my review to 5 stars .
 works for distance more than 30 feet.For people who are worried about proper functionality , setup , features etc etc. . . should download a user manual first from internet for free ... read it and decide wheather it is right for you or not ... For me it was ... easy to use ... good sound quality ... battery life is good too ... It can support multiple handsets too ... I am satisfied with this one ...
 I really like this phone . It feels good in the hand and on the ear . The calls clear . It 's easy to use and it looks good .
 I bought two of these to supplement my Uniden Tru8888 after researching compatibility . While the software driving these phones has much of the interface of the TCX805/Tru888x line , I 'll cut my stars accordingly for the Tru888x line . Comments about this expansion handset : - The four-way joystick-like button is a blessing . The up-down buttons on the TCX805 are OK but the left-right buttons fail to work when editing a number in the phone book especially to add the 1 before an area code . They instead add # and * . Here , you do n't have to re-type the whole number , just move where you want with the joystick . The odd but subsequently convenient Space typed by right-arrowing in text is gone , apparently replaced by the character range on zero , one of which is a space . Operation in low light is a lot easier with the big joystick button . - Two numbers per phonebook entry seems to be new here , and I like it . - The quality of sound , range and the clarity of the speakerphone on the handset remain excellent . - They seem to mate to a TCX805 charger but do n't seem to fit in right . So if you have a mix , do n't interchange their charger bases . - I like the overall feel and I prefer using the 905 's in the bedrooms -LRB- where you might have to use them in the dark -RRB- and the 805 remains in the living room.I 'll update with my experiences as I continue to use them . For now , the TCX905 gets all five stars .
 Good phone for the price . I have a CLX485 base . A matching extension phone -LRB- TCX440 -RRB- costs almost $ 100 . This phone is only $ 30 from Amazon -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . It couples easily with my base & TCX440 . I upload my Outlook phone file to the TCX440 than sent the phone files to the TCX905 . The TCX440 permits 4 phone numbers per person , the TCX905 permits only 2 phone numbers per person . However , the TCX905 handles any phone numbers above 2 in an intelligent way - it creates an additional listing with the same name containing the additional numbers -- SMART !! I agree with a previous reviewer that this phone is even better than the more expensive TCX805 model.However , it does have its faults .1 . You must manually edit all phone numbers requiring a 1 prefix . The phone knows its area code -LRB- part of the setup menu -RRB- . Instead of automatically adding a 1 to all phone numbers out of your area code , it makes you edit each and every out of town number . STUPID !! 2 . I found an insidious quirk . I have 7 doctors ' phone numbers . I preface each doctor 's name with `` Dr '' . This keeps all doctors names in one area - easy to find . Unfortunately , it drops the last doctor 's entry when transferring numbers from the base . No fault is generated ; it indicates that the transfer is successful . You think that all phone numbers are transferred . The problem was corrected by changing one preface from `` Dr '' to `` Doc '' . Apparently , a max of 6 entries can have the same first 2 letters . Anything above 6 is just ignored . - STRANGE !!
 The Uniden TCX905 offers all the same features as the handsets that came with several other multi - handset Uniden phones . It is a solid phone handset , with the 5.8 gigahertz frequency ranking as one of this phone 's greatest attractions . I have found that I can stray a good distance from the base and it will still function normally . My home and yard are not huge but I still had problems with fading signals with my older phone . I often had to reposition myself if I was outside in order to get my old cordless phone to receive the signal . But with Uniden TCX905 , there is no need to reposition myself or the phone . The signal is still clear , even when I am standing in the corner of my property.The LCD display on the Uniden TCX905 is nice . It is n't very large but it lights up in an orange color and it shows many bits of information , like the date and time , the phone number and name of a caller -LRB- when an incoming call is trying to ring through -RRB- , a battery charge indicator , an indicator telling you the number of different caller id 's that have come through ; and an indicator telling you which handset you are using -LRB- you can program each one with its own number -RRB- . The LCD contrast and the ring volume can be adjusted on each handset , making it customizable per room . You can even change the display to read in English , Spanish , or French.Uniden TCX905 is compatible with many different Uniden phone systems . But in order for this expansion handset to work , it must first be programmed with your main phone . This requires entering specific code numbers into your main phone 's base unit . If you do not program , the phone will not work . Programming is simple -LRB- instructions are included for programming into different main phones -RRB- and it must be completed or the phone will be worthless.There are only a few things about the Uniden TCX905 phone that are deserving of criticism . First , it can get a little tedious trying to program new names and numbers and one needs to be careful not to get carried away because it can take a long time to get everything programmed just right -LRB- using abbreviations is a good idea , to speed up the process -RRB- . Second , I do n't like the flashing red light in the upper left hand corner of each handset . This is a charge indicator that lets you know the phone is charged and ready to go . There is nothing wrong with letting consumers know this , but to have a light that continuously flashes can be a tremendous distraction . Third , the base is small and light and it can easily get knocked off the table or desk on which it rests . Fourth , I would prefer a plug that did n't have a block attached to it . This makes it easy to grip , but it also means the plug has to be inserted a certain way or it will partially cover the electrical outlet directly underneath it.Overall , in spite of a few inconveniences , I am still satisfied with the purchase of my Uniden TRX905 handset and I may add another one or two handsets like it in the future . They sell for a reasonable price and they are compatible with many different Uniden phones . Clear sound , slim design , and countless features make this auxiliary phone a nice addition to any Uniden household in need of extra phone units .
 I added two more uniden handsets to my existing uniden system . Easy to add handsets to system . Phone reception and clarity is awesome . Only need one phone jack to connect up to 10 phones . Phone has great features . I recommend this system highly .
 The Amazon order went smoothly even though the telephone was shipped from a third party -LRB- a small time lag was noticeable -RRB- . The additional telephone unit complimented my main system , a TRU-9466 . I noticed it even helped out with the clarity of my VOIP system . I had a 2.4 Ghz system prior to this.It took a little studying to master all the features but I am glad I made this purchase . I am glad I found the function where I could copy all the new telephone lists entered to the other units . I have not found a function to delete caller I.D. numbers from all the sets at once ... but on the other hand you could look at it like a safeguard , if you delete too many by mistake.The LCD screen is visible from several feet during the day or night . You can increase or decrease the caller 's voice volume , a plus , and I like being able to assign a special ring tone to those you know ... the ring tone let 's you i.d. from afar whether or not you should rush over and answer your phone.This telephone has a two-line function ... A + ... you can set up each handset to default to a particular line -LRB- line 1 or 2 -RRB- when you want to dial out ... a nice feature if you have a home based business or you telecommute.Regarding VOIP
 I bought these as additional handsets for my Uniden 1868P IP phone system running Packet8 's ip phone service . These units easily pair up to the base units and the connection quality and sound are exactly what you would expect from a great phone manufacturer . I initially bought 2 units and am going to buy 2 more units just in case -LRB- the UIP1868P allows up to 10 handsets -RRB- .
 I bought 2 of these to have additional handsets for my TRU 8880 phone that I bought a couple of years ago . I charged the handsets like the directions said , and then followed the directions in the owners manual to register the handsets to my phone . I tried each handset at least 10 times and kept getting the `` registration failed '' message . I decided to call Uniden customer service , which was a challenge in itself as the owners manual states customer service is available from 7a to 7pCST Mon-Fri and 9-6CST on Saturday . I tried to call on a Saturday , and the message says customer service is available 9-6CST Mon-Fri . Go figure . I then tried to call on a weekday at about 5:45 p EDT , and received the same message , even though they still should have been open . I finally managed to call in the early afternoon , and after 20 minutes on hold , talked to a representative . She told me to remove the battery cover and then insert the handset in my base phone -LRB- the handset would not fit in my base phone with the cover on -RRB- I did this and sure enough , the handset registered immediately . I am very happy with the way these items work , but the directions in the owners manual really need to be updated with the correct procedures and the correct hours for customer service availability .
 This does exactly what it is supposed to do - It just works , and I do n't have to think about it . Registering it with our TRU8865 base station was simple , and I like the slightly rubber tactile feel of the buttons on this better than the buttons on the handsets that came with the TRU8865 .
 The TCX905 very well designed piece . The screen information is well placed and very legible -LRB- there are three lines of text when in use -RRB- . When the handset is in the cradle a larger two line text Displays the Date and Handset name . This is by the a great improvement among the handsets I 've used
 My base station is at least a couple generations older than this accessory handset . Instructions for setup for my base station were included ! Steps were very simple and new handset was ready in seconds ; post recharging : - -RRB- Better yet , it work perfectly with my new digital phone service . I had some doubts about quality with that .
 I 've just added my 4th handset to the Uniden phone system and I could n't be happier . Setup takes only 5 seconds after the unit is fully charged . You will not be disappointed .
 We 've had a Uniden phone for a few years now and are very happy with it . We decided to replace two other Panasonic phones with extra Uniden handsets . The handsets were a newer model and did n't fit into the base so I tried to register them following the instructions . That did n't work . After a few frustrating attempts , I removed the battery cover on the handsets so they could fit into the base and register automatically . They work great now , the sound quality is excellent and we love the intercom feature .
 I procured this handset to replace an old cordless phone on my desk at work . A coworker already had the base station . Setup was a breeze . I simply let it charge overnight and then placed the handset on the base station . The handset was linked in a matter of seconds and now I have a fully functioning phone that only takes up about 8 square inches on my desk ! Caller ID works well . Readout is easily readable . Have n't tried some features like room monitoring -LRB- no need for them -RRB- . The only downside -LRB- and it 's really no big deal -RRB- is that I 've noticed a very slight lag in the ring of this phone and the others near me that have their own base stations . Overall , it 's a great deal for the money . I would certainly recommend this type of handset for someone wanting to expand their base station .
 I decided to add an accessory handset to the phone I purchase a few years back and was cautious that a more recent model would work . This handset met my best hopes in that it was compatible with the older desk-set , had the two line dialing , and synchronized effortlessly . The features are the same as my original handset and the sound quality is satisfactory .
 Pretty much the same phone as came with the TCX8500.The phone itself has a little bigger base than original phone , so when I was registering the phone I had to put it on the base without the battery cover.I left it in the base for 5 seconds - that was enough to register the phone.It works the same way as other phones , easy to use , plenty of features , see description of the phone for the full list .
 Need a phone for my outdoor shed which is over 50 feet away from the main phone receiver . Bought this one so it would matchup with the existing system . Works great and I still can update the phones caller memories from the house base station .
 I chose this unit and system because they really work . They exceed my requirements for a wireless handheld unit and system .
 I 've used this phone system in my office for many years . I like many features about the handset and the ease of use . This is a replacement for an older handset that the large circular button began failing to work after 4-5 years of use . This is the second handset I 've replaced for the same reason . That is my only complaint however after years of use , I can accept some mechanical failure such as this .
 Bought this in June , 2011 from Amazon for $ 32.50 . Now $ 75 -- almost same price as brand new set with 4 extensions !! The unit was to replace handset in Uniden 8000 series . All the handsets in the 8000 series -LRB- 6 of them -RRB- will not hold a charge for more than 2-15 minutes -- even with new batteries !! Agree that should probably consider entirely new phone set rather than new replacements -LRB- although with 6 extensions that gets to be pricey -RRB- .
 This phone replaced one that I could no longer find in the stores and was just what I needed . Perfect !
 Purchased to replace the handset on the base station that we finally wore out -LRB- directional menu button no longer worked -RRB- . I 've been impressed by this product ; great sound quality and features , reasonable price . Holds up well under heavy use .
 Handsets work well . Batteries are weak . One of them needs to be replaced right the way .
 This phone works great for our business and was very easy to set up with our other handsets .
 I have owed the 2 line Uniden expanadable system since 2005 . One of my extensions bit the dust , and Amazon had the replacement . Only beef I have , and this pertains to my particular base model , you can not do the simple registration by placing the extension in the main base . It requires a quick two step procedure.Otherwise , this is an excellent phone . Also , Amazon has awesome prices on OEM and aftermarket batteries for these phones .
 I 've had a Uniden phone set for several years now and just wanted an additional handset . I was glad to find one available that is compatible with my older set . This was perfect .
 It supports 2 line operation , which is n't mentioned much in most product specs , but the interface for working with voicemail is weaker than in the original 8866 handsets -LRB- you have to use the menu instead of having a dedicated button -RRB- . Also , the center round `` rocking arrow '' button , is just terribly executed . Could have been so much better.Still , it works fine for an inexpensive extra 2 line handset for an 8866 base .
 I purchased the Uniden TCX905 cordless handset for use with my 8x8 voice-over-the-Internet telephone system . Its ease of use , many accessory functions and , for me , its volume and clarity are especially important because my hearing is impaired . I also wanted its radio function which permits two of us , each with a handset , to use it when away from the base phone and Internet connection . It is a very reasonably priced alternative to the standard landline phone and to a cell phone as well . Of course , Amazon.com provided an excellent price comparison including shipping costs .
 Always looking for a deal , I bought a refurbished TRU8866 base from Uniden 5 years ago along with 2 of the expansion handsets . My husband and I are now expecting our first child and need more phones as our space expands . We 're getting two more of these to use as handsets , and in those situations when we 've forgotten the baby monitor handset in another room . I love these . This is perhaps the best phone system I 've ever owned . Plus I 've never had any complaints or replaced any of the batteries in 5 years .
 love how it was compatible with my phone and set up was easy . . highly recomend it ... . sound is clear love it
 Shipping was super fast . This is a replacement for a broken phone I had . Shipping was very fast ! I love this phone !
 I have 6 of these , but did n't pay over $ 20 for any of them . There are much better deals to be had than this -LRB- $ 30 + -RRB- . That said , there are two issues I have with it -LRB- and why only 4 stars -RRB- :1 . They are HARD on batteries ! I have replaced the batteries in mine at least 3 times , and they are only 2-3 years old .2 . If you hit the green dial button instead of the speakerphone button to dial out , it takes forever -LRB- and a lot of pushes -RRB- on the speakerphone button to get it to engage.Other than that , it works as advertised and works quite well.I would not pay $ 30 a pop for them though .
 Needed an extension for my kitchen and this was one with the best quality as I have the base w/answering machine and 3 other extensions . Setup was easy as pie and no problems !
 had to go with wireless phone system because of our att . internet installation , the uniden worked perfect for limiting the wired phones in house , total now -LRB- 8 -RRB- .
 I have had this phone system so long some of the phones went bad so I bought replacements . These replacements were exactly as the originals -LRB- although some of the boxes were different -RRB- . I would recommend this phone and the phone system . I use it for business with a two line system .
 Everything is perfect with this handset -LRB- except for the issue below -RRB- . I use it for my TRU-9485-2 phone as an extra handset . I have been using these for almost 4 years now , without a single issue . Had to replace batteries once last year on the handsets.Only problem or issue I found was that I can not use the handset as a room monitor when it is placed on the charging station . I have to keep it off the charging mode and only then I can listen in as the room monitor receiver . I wanted to use this as a room monitor for my childrens ' bedroom at night , but I have to keep the handset next to me off the charge station , and the batteries go out sometime overnight and this does not help . I wish this could be used as a room monitor when actively charging on the charging dock.I can still use this as the room monitor source when it is still on the charging station . Only the receiving mode does not work when on charging cradle . Weird and bad !!!
 I 've got an older Uniden phone system , and needed another unit for a room that had a cordless phone finally die . I looked up the part number from the manual , bought it and it was pretty simple to synch it with the rest of the system . I will continue to use this system until the phones break , it 's been very reliable and the features like paging and room monitoring have been invaluable .
 I am a virtual employee working at home for a large corporation and have the 2-line version of this phone system -LRB- for the last 5 years -RRB- and it is amazing , especially for the price . I am on conference calls all day long and the voice quality on the wireless handsets and speaker is better than most direct wire options . Additional handsets are quite inexpensive compared to most other systems so replacing one , or adding another for convenience , is no big deal . Set up and transfer of your saved contacts to the handset could n't be easier . For optimal performance , you will need to replace the batteries after about 18 months but you can get the generic version through Amazon for less than $ 4 . I have been through a lot of much more expensive home phone systems and none have been as good as this .
 These are great phones . I have these in all the rooms in the house . I doubt we would ever use another brand of phones . Easy to use and has great features .
 I bought this handset to add to the two I already had . I have never had any problems with these phones . They are lightweight , the sound is clear and the screen is easy to read . Though it has all the features you need , it is not overly complicated and you do n't have to get the manual out just to use it . I highly recommend this phone .
 We have a Uniden phone system and needed an additional phone . We are obviously very satisfied with our system as evidenced by this purchase .
 I purchased this telephone as an additional phone to my Uniden base cordless phone system . This one , like the four others already on the system works extremely well . It is easy to register with the base telephone , has good features and is user friendly .
 I added this phone to my system . It was easy to program and works great ...
 Added handset for phone service in another room and it works perfectly . A great product .
 I originally bought this phone series a year or two ago and recently decided I wanted a few more added to our household . Found the product on Amazon and ordered a few more - received them promptly and in perfect working order . I like these phones because only one requires a phone jack . The others can plug into any electrical outlet .
 The 3 phones were exactly as advertisid . Each phone set up easily . They work seamlessly with the existing system in my home .
 Excellent value . I ordered multiple handsets . Shipping was quick , product was in good shape and everything went smooth .
 With 2 teenagers that like to take the phone to their room , I finally got smart and decided to stop fighting about forgetting to bring the phone back and bought phones for their rooms . A month has passed , and it was well worth the money not to have to hunt for the phone , when it rings . They work fine . Good price , good deal .
 After purchasing a refurbished Uniden 2-line base unit model TRU8866 at a very cheap price , I purchased a new TCX905 accessory handset to go with this base unit . I liked the setup and operation of these two together so well that I purchased a 2nd TCX905 handset within 3 weeks . I have had 2 lines furnished by my VOIP carrier for about a year now but I 've had to keep running to another room to answer the 2nd line or carry around the dedicated handset that was hooked to the 2nd line . Now that I have 2 lines on 3 of my handsets , it is so convenient to be able to answer or call out on both phone lines from one handset . I love all the features of this Uniden phone system including the many distinctive built-in ringtones that can be set to identify frequent callers without checking the caller ID . I will be throwing away my other handsets after the batteries give out and I will purchase another TCX905 handset . Thank you Amazon for handling a great , low-cost 2-line phone .
 This is the fourth one of these phones I have purchased . Not because the others have broken , but because I have lost a few in our moves.The phones get great reception and are very , very durable and long lasting . I seems other people I know go through a new wireless phone set about every two years and we still have ours from several years ago with little sign of wear . And the feature of listening to your messages from the headset itself -LRB- instead of having to stand in the dang kitchen bent over the base -RRB- is awesome . I can sit on the couch or in bed and be comfortable . I also find the internal phonebook storage option very handy for storing numbers I call frequently but have n't memorized . Also the speakerphone feature is great and I use it often . I rarely have any problem with sound quality , static , etc. whereas when I go to other people 's houses I am usually very aware of their inferior sound quality and reception in their phones ... not to be snobby ! : -RRB- I have had some difficulty locating the features that I needed within the menu but I always find them . That would be the one area I think they could improve on , menu layout or maybe different wording of the features . But still it does n't affect my 5 star rating.Another feature I love is that you can buy several phones and expand the set up to 5 phones I think . We currently have three with no problems and one of them I bought separately three years later . I HIGHLY recommend these phones .
 phone works great . reception is very good . all the stations do there job well . one improvement would be to allow speed dail drom stations as well as base unit
 I bought 2 of these add-on phones . They work perfect and the speakphone is very good . Range is n't great , but my base location is close to a bunch of computer equipment .
 We have Elite series phone that cost much more that the TCX905 . Our dog ate our elite phone and we replaced it with the TCX905 . It was easy to set up with our existing system and seem to have more distance range than the elite .
 Pro : Quality feel , solid , no creaksbright backlight thats easy to readbutton feel is wonderfuldigital voice quality is perfectCons : Range , they playing around about 100 ` When you press the call button to make a call the phone displays `` connecting ... '' sometimes for up to 4 seconds.Walkie takie mode has to be activated on both phones in order to work , otherwise is just says `` Handset out of Range `` You can listen to other rooms but cant talk to them .
 we purchased this phone when we finished our basement . we already had the tru-8 series base and needed the extra handset for the new room . this thing linked up in no time and works great . just buy it .
 We bought two new handsets for our Uniden answering machine . We already had 3 handsets -LRB- an earlier model TRU8555 ? -RRB- but some were not working 100 % of the time and the batteries did n't have as much power as when we first got them . The new ones are working great . We use them as a baby monitor as well , and these phone work better than our real baby monitor for this purpose . I recommend this product .
 I really do not give much thought to this equipement . Which is a good thing ! I gripe for nothing and want for nothing . I 've been buying uniden for a long time - since I was happy with my first uniden phone purchase . My next phone will be a uniden .
 We purchased the 3 phone/answering machine and then 2 additional phones.Primary reasons were for the baby room monitor feature , and the other is to communicate with those in the basement .1 . The room monitor feature works well . At night however , the phone we are using to listen in from the master room can not be sitting in the charger and charging . Rather at night , when the battery in the phone dies , there goes the ability to monitor - usually while we are sleeping . The phone that is in the baby 's room , however , can be sitting in the charger . It would be nice to have the listening phone able to charging all the time while it is in the monitoring mode .2 . The intercom system works by sending out a beep - beep page to a specific phone or all the phones in the home . It must be answered before you can speak to the person on the other end . I would like to have been able to bark a generic message to all or one phone that says `` come up for dinner please '' . You can not send a one way intercom message using this system.Overall , the phone call quality is excellent . Range is terrific . It has a solid feel . Speakerphone works well . Aside from the 2 issues above , I would highly recommend . We are much happier with these phones than our prior conventional portable phones we used to have .
 The handset was delivered in a very short time and it was in excellent condition . Thank you !
 We added these to our existing system and they are a little different -LRB- the function keys -RRB- , but overall it works as well as the pricier models . Someone mentioned it here before , but to register this phone in the base , you may need to take the battery cover off , so it will fit in the cradle ... thanks to whoever posted that tip .
 Uniden continues to deliver great phones . This model has a large phone book memory and easy to navigate menus for different phone functions . It has good range is easy to set up . The only feature I can find that Uniden could have added is an alarm clock . This phone is worth the money and I highly recommend it .
 Bought a Uniden WXI477 phone since we do a lot outside and have a pool as this phone is `` water proof '' . Wanted to expand to 3 phones and the TCX905 was an inexpensive solution that met our needs . The Uniden product functionality appear to be the same across these two product lines which is very nice . We had the phones up and running within 5 minutes after the initial charge . Additionally , this phone has a room monitor feature which is a nice family solution for this price range of a phone.Basically , we now have a 3 phone set with one being a `` water proof '' phone for a little over $ 100 . Without the TCX905 we probably would have looked at a different phone solution .
 We added two more handsets to the the four in the original package we bought from Sam 's Club . We are seniors and have a large house . It is great to have a phone in each room . You can enter the most commonly used numbers in one phone book and transfer them to the others . The units installed without any problems . The intercom feature is also great . The price per phone is very affordable .
 We purchased these to expand our system and it took 2 seconds to register them with our current phones . Sound is great and display is easy to read with the orange backlight . Best phones we 've bought in a long time !
 These are great handset extensions . I have a TRU8866 and these work great with it . I 'll never have anything other than a Uniden cordless phone . They 're just the best .
 I have a Uniden TRU-8888 main phone and bought this as an add-on phone to put in the master bedroom . The main phone is connected to AT&T Callvantage VOIP . The extension works great and setup was easy . I recommend this phone add-on to the Uniden network . Just make sure this phone is compatible with the Uniden phone network you have .
 I bought this phone to link with two waterproof Unidens . It has worked great and the reception has been clear with good volume . I had a little trouble figuring out how to link the phone to the waterproof base unit since that one is new and the directions were n't clear . I eventually got it though and it works fine now . I really like the intercom .
 I have used the TCX905 's for a little over a month now . I am very pleased with the functions that they have to offer . The one change I would like to see is the ability to transfer the phone book to all additional units at one time rather than having to specify which handset you want to transfer the phonebook to , although transferring the phonebook to each individual handset is still easier than having to enter each number into each handset individually . I especially like the room monitor feature and the ability to name the additional handsets . Two other features that are great are the global set-up and the ability to check voice mail from any individual handset . I think the TCX905 's are great products for the money !
 This is the 3rd TCX905 handset I have purchased from Amazon . In total I and 2 other family members who have Uniden phone systems have 7 of these handsets in use -LRB- other handsets were bundled with the base system -RRB- . I have had no issues with these handsets and the Uniden bases units they are registered to . Battery life is excellent . I often use the handsets as speakerphones to do conference calls that last many hours in a day and they easily last a full workday with heavy usage and limited recharge.The built-in speakerphone works very well making it possible for me to take conference calls anywhere in the house by just placing the handset in speakerphone mode.As I have noted I have deployed the Uniden technology in my own home and 2 close family memmbers . In all cases they have been very reliable .
 Uniden TCX905 Accessory Handset and Charger with Call Waiting and Caller IDI purchased 3 of these phones about 2 months ago with a WXI477 base and I absolutely love these phones ! They work great , are easy to program , have clear reception anywhere on our 1 acre property and are comfortable to talk on ! We have had numerous phones that look great , but do n't perform when you get them home . These phones have again exceeded my expectations ...
 One of the best I have ever Owned . Works Great with VoIP -LRB- Phone through the Cable -RRB-
 Now that I have four handsets , I 'm in heaven . I love having caller ID . The service was very quick with no problems .
 This is the best phone I have ever had . It is not only versitle but the clarity of the sound is awesome even on the speaker phone which comes in very handy . Since it can also be used as a monitor for my grand children it makes it very handy when they stay at my home .
 Met or exceeded my expectations in every respect . One of the best products I have ever bought !
 I have been using the Uniden system for many years and just bought a new system and three additional handsets . I love the feature that the system is expandable up to 6 phones that also work as an intercom system throughout the house , so I do n't have to run through the house to reach members of my family . Now I can simply call whichever handset I want or even all of them to get someone 's attention ! I also like the handset design - it 's comfortable to hold and looks great , too . The only problem I 've had is with one of the base handsets , but Uniden has been very responsive to my needs and walked me through any problems so it 's a great company to purchase from . The dial is easy to read and the menu easy to navigate . I highly recommend this product !
 have base an 5 singles , thinking about putting one in the bird cage!i forgot the phones work great , in four story building !
 I purchase the main system and this for an additional phone . You can not beat this system for the price . The ability to pick up messages from any phone is the best . I purchased this through Amazon and the phone I received had a defect , I contacted Amazon and I received a replacement in 2 days . Absolutely GREAT service
 It programed itself once I put it in the main base ! Way too easy !
 In general the sets I purchased work fine . But , on one particular handset I have n't been able to stay on the phone for an extended time because I could not hear the other person talking and would have to switch handsets . Another time I would my hear my own voice echo . I 'm not sure what caused these problems . I would have returned the handset but I did not keep the original box it came in so I 'm just dealing with the situation . The other point I wanted to mention is one that my husband pointed out . He noticed that the green answer button is located on the left side of the phone . He said it 's weird because all other phones the `` hello button is on the right '' . Also , I do wish the base would beep if there was a new message . I do n't always look at the phones for the flashing red light .
 This expandable phone is really perfect for everyone . You do n't have to have a phone jack for every phone - just an electrical receptacle . It is very easy to program to your base phone .
 We purchased three of these to go with the two we had . We are very happy with the performance of these but wish the feature set was just a bit more intuitive .
 If you are looking at this phone , then you , probably , already have one of the TRU-series base stations and want to add an additional phone to the system . -LRB- This cordless phone can not be used by itself . -RRB- Registering the phone with the base is as easy as placing the phone in the base station for a few seconds.As far as cordless phones go , there is n't really anything bad to say about this phone . Very good battery life . Good range . The display is easy to read and the menu easy to navigate .
 This was a replacement handset . The Uniden system is extremely easy , and efficient . Definitely a high quality purchase .
 This is a handset for my previously purchased Uniden . It 's quite a distance from the base but works very well . Both phones are reliable and perform well .
 I just signed up for Packet8 VOIP service , which comes with a Uniden VOIP device -LRB- router -RRB- with a cordless phone . The only way to extend the cordless phones thru your house is to buy another Uniden - the TCX905 - is compatible with their system . The phone works fine and was easy to register to the base .
 We needed a third handset and so we purchased this to go with our existing set . It arrived quickly and works well . We are happy with the whole set . We need true 5.8 mhz due to using wireless internet . There is not interference from the phone .
 I tried everything in the book to get my TCX 905 to register with my Tru 8885 . Nothing worked , called Uniden got an answering machine . Researched online and found the simplest answer from another consumer
 Hey i ca n't say nothing bad about these phone needed to add a couple to add to my system , love everything about them A + + + + + + + + + + + + .
 Uniden products have been very reliable and I will continue to look for their name when I need to purchase something .
 This is telephone # 4 on a single telephone line , and it works beautifully.Will purchase more if another phone needed on this single line.WTN in Tucson
 I purchased two TCX905 handsets to use with a Uniden base station Model 8865 that I have had for several years . The TCX905 handsets are slightly different than my older TXC805 's that may no longer be available . The short - they work just fine . However , there is an additional setup process required to register the phones . It is not difficult - just follow the instructions in the manual . The clarity and coverage are great . My only complaint is that the charging contacts & cradles have been slightly changed so that the units are not interchangeable between the 805 's and 905 's .
 Wow , who would 've thought that you could get such amazing products , at affordable prices . The staff 's friendly and responds quickly to any questions that you may have . This is one amazing phone system -LRB- Uniden TCX905 -RRB- , I forgot that it 's a cordless .
 Easy to use . Registration to base is not the easy place in the cradle , but easy to understand in the directions . Just wish it was more like the handset that came with the base . 2 different ways of using the functions must be learned . But a minor complaint . Will probably get another .
 WE were stuck in the past with our old 900mhz phones . After several visits from the phone company repair man , we finally realized the incoming lines were not the problem.We did n't realize there were new phones that could do so much . The clean sound this product affords is the main reason we are so pleased.Of all the features this phone provides we like the different ring tones best . We know when our children are calling .
 They worked fine for me while we had a home phone . We have since cut the home phone off and just use cell phones . We used these for a good while and they always worked fine .
 Great range , quality and clarity . No complaints here . Use on system with 8 remote handsets . Replaced all corded phones and very pleased with system .
 Because of the shape of this phone it will not charge in my 8885 answering machine unit . You can get it to `` talk '' to the other units by taking off the battery cover and putting it in the base . But you need to charge it in its own cradle . That can be a pain sometimes . I do like the navigation system on it better than my original handset from the 8885 .
 We added these to our CLX475-3 we recently purchased . These handsets are more user friendly , as far as the marking of the buttons and menus . Nicer look , too.Only drawback is that , when using the Room Monitoring function through the 905s , the handset CAN NOT be on the power base ! It has to be off , draining the battery . The handsets that came with the CLX DO allow use of the base . I wish the 905 model had n't changed that , as the Room Monitor function is the one we bought these phones for .
 Bought the base in 2004 , this was an add on in about 2006.2006 version harder to program than first version.All are amazing quality for work environment and never a single problem . Changed the batteries and they work even better.Use them about 3 hours each day , sometimes 8 hours a day.Always with a headset , except sometimes with speakerphone which actually works surprisingly well.Best phone I 've ever had and I tried 4 and returned them before staying with Uniden 2 line phone system.I recommend them all the time .
 Use these in my resturant and they work very well . I hav purchased 5 of them . they hold up well to abuse .
 This cordless phone is great . The sound and quality is great . They do n't make good cordless like this anymore . I got the Uniden cordless phone about 10 years ago and it 's still working perfectly . I lost a handset when I moved and could n't find another one . So glad that there is Amazon because I was able to find a replacement .
 This replaced a previous unit that was water damaged . This unit was easy to add to our existing system . The updated back lighting and key buttons being larger and color coded makes this even better than our previous model . Looking to replace the remaining units with this model , and only because it seems the previous ones , even with new batteries , are no longer holding the charge . But after 8 years , maybe that 's to be expected . Our experience with Uniden has been so great , it is the only home phone product we consider .
 I 'd had the Uniden TRU9488 corded phone with one extension for a couple of years , and I needed a second extension . This handset is the exact same model -LRB- TCX905 -RRB- as the one that came with the system , and I 've been very pleased with the expanded phone system for four years.The sound quality is outstanding , it recharges fast , the phonebook is reasonably easy to use -LRB- given the limitations of a numeric keypad -RRB- , a red light flashes on each extension when there 's a new message , the extension keypad and display are well designed and light up when needed , the display is as full-featured as the one on the base unit , and the phone is comfortable to hold.One of the extensions got relatively little use for a while , and its battery depleted quickly on a long-ish call , but since I recharged it and swapped it with the other extension , it 's holding a charge just fine.I have no complaints about this well-designed and reliable phone .
 I bought the hand set for a replacement . It works great . Has along range and is easy to read . I recommend this product . Thanks Uniden for a great product
 Works great . We already had as system with the phones and they work great . I would recommend them to anyone but I do n't think they are making them anymore . To bad .
 I purchased this phone from seller abcliquidators1 on ebay . I got it refurbished ; they included it with my order of the main system -LRB- Uniden TRU9485-3 -RRB- . Great deal . It worked just fine with my Uniden TRU9485-3 and looks great . The display is big and bright ; the displays and buttons light-up when you press a button or if the phone rings . It has really nice features . The sound quality -LRB- hearing and speaking -RRB- is excellent . The speakerphone -LRB- and intercom -RRB- feature is really nice . I bought the phone because of all the good reviews on amazon . The phone does NOT interfere with my wireless devices . Although I 'm sure I could find some petty faults about the phone , I have no legitimate complaints . I would purchase this item again .
 These handsets are the accessory to the base unit . I really like this phone because you can customize the ring tone for each phone and for callers . You know whose calling just by hearing their ring . Also , we have a garage/workshop about 100 feet away from the house and we put a handset in there so I can use the intercom to call my husband without opening the door and yelling . If I answer the phone while he 's in the garage and it 's for him , I can transfer the call back to his phone . It also has a `` room monitor '' feature which acts like a baby monitor . You can hear your children playing in the other room on another handset . I believe you can add up to 10 handsets on this system . Very nice features . The only reason why I do n't give it a 5 star review is sometimes the reception from the garage to the house is fuzzy .
 I 've had a had my Uniden TRU8866 for a few years but stopped using it since people complained about not being able to hear with a headphone . Decided to take the risk on these extension handsets to see if that would resolve the issue . These sound much better and I 'm happy to be able to have only one handset for both lines in each room now . Message indicator works with Telco voice mail too . -LRB- Why is that such a hard feature to find these days ? -RRB-
 They work great . I have 5 of them in my home . No problems with any of them . Recomend them to anyone .
 I got the free U160P phone from signing up with Packet8 's VoIP service , wanted to get a second handset but after checking the review on TCX805 , it seems TCX905 is a better replacement however it 's not listed as compatible either in User 's manual or Uniden 's website . Called Uniden 's support and the person told me it 's not compatible probably just from reading the manual . Anyway I decided to go ahead ordering it and give it a try . The TCX905 wo n't fit in U160P 's base for auto registering , so here is how to register TCX905 with U160P :1 . unplug power cord from U160P base2 . hold `` find H/S '' and plug in the power cord3 . wait until the `` find H/S '' LED is flahing , release button4 . press '' # '' on TCX905 until the LCD says `` registering ... `` And intercom , room monitor , day/time sync all works .
 This was a terrific bargain . It kept me from buying another pnone and running a line to it . Works great , easy to set up and link with the base unit .
 I can finally handle 2 lines with ease , very simple to use , lots of features , great ability to synchronize phonebook with other units or the base . Volume is very good and can be easily adjusted independently for normal use , speakerphone or headset . Battery lasts forever , I could n't be happier with this phone .
 I have the Uniden TRU9485 phone system -LRB- base unit with answering system and 3 phones -RRB- and I wanted to add another phone to the system.I looked on Amazon and purchased this handset that was compatible with my existing phone system.It was a simple process to add the new handset to the system and copy my existing `` phone book '' to the phone . I have had a few Uniden phones over the years and have been very satisfied with their performance.I expecially like the speakerphone feature of the phones which allows hands free conversations.Also , the phone system 's 5.8 ghz signal will not interfere with our wireless Internet service .
 Had already purchased the main base system and four handsets . Needed additional handset for my daughter who is now home from college . `` Registering '' her handset was a breeze , and her phone was fully operational . Love the system . Does everything I need it to do and more . Lots of nice features , some I do n't even use like monitoring rooms . B/c I work from home , two lines were a must , and I do n't need an answering machine b/c both of my lines incl . voicemail . Every once in a while the voice mail indicator light will get out of sync ; i.e. , the light will continue to blink as though you have a message even though you 've already erased or saved it . But that is easily correctable .
 I bought a few of these to be used as additional handsets for my Uniden Cordless system . For the most part I 'm very happy with this product.My one gripe is that this particular handset has a large centralized button to access several features . The other models of compatible Uniden handsets have separate buttons for these features . This central buton -LRB- sort of a flattened joystick -RRB- has been difficult to operate at times . I know that if this handset should stop working , it will be due to this button.Otherwise , the sound quality of this cordless phone approaches that of a corded phone . Additionally , the interface is highly intuitive and easily readable . After the battery is charged , setup only took a few minutes .
 The TCX905 Handset works flawlessly with my TRU9460 phone system . Setup was extremely simple
 I love this phone . I bought the TRU 8886 base model and added the TCX905 as an extended phone . It 's easy to use with all the features I 'm looking for . Speaker Phone , Room to Room intercome , Room to Room Monitoring as long as there is a phone in that room and my favorite , handsfree access . And of course the 2 lines are awesome . The price was n't bad either . However , I do think the phone should be less expensive , since this is an older model but it works great . There is one complaint I have . That is , when installing with a different model , the directions are not clear . The directions says to unplug the power , hold the flash then page the phone . But is should say , unplug the power from the base of the phone not from the wall . And then following the rest of the direction , the phone was registered with no problems.Overall , once it 's registered , I have no problems with it .
 not a bad product , take good care of battery -LRB- allow to fully discharge before recharging , do n't overcharge -RRB- ... but if more than one of these units is on at a time -LRB- e.g. conference call -RRB- and one hangs up , then the call gets disconnected -LRB- by the base unit ? -RRB-
 The product is a replacement for an older model . Order was filled and delivered in a very timely manner . Before I knew it , it arrived . It was just what I expected and the price was great . However , yesterday the battery went dead . Would not recharge after over 24 hrs in the charger . Luckily , my husband had saved the battery from the old unit .
 This one is the fifth unit I 've placed in the system . Have been very happy with it .
 The handset is easy to install , works fine and the seller has a good service
 The 2-line uniden phone handset is a good starter phone for the home and or small office . The features I was looking for are on this phone . The issue I have is that the labels are too small it 's hard to find the correct keys to use especially that this phone has softkeys . By softkeys I mean the key changes depending on what function you 're accessing on the phone . One other issue I have with this phone is that there 's interference that I hear from my router . There 's a clicking sound that I hear whenever the wireless router sends data . This does not happen too often but when it does the sound is noticeable . The farther you are from the base there is also a change of not being able to hear the other party .
 This was added on to an existing set . Have had no problems with this product . The only complaint is that the button feature wording has worn off the existing units .
 I purchased my expandable-to-10-phones Uniden years ago . In that time , only one phone has gone bad , and that was mostly from over-use . Because the units and the batteries are easy to replace , the maintenance cost has been very low . Now that I know I can purchase needed accessories through Amazon , it will be even easier to expand out system in the future .
 We have owned this model for 4.5 years and have never had a single issue . It works perfectly - never even had to replace the batteries .
 This phone got it right . This is the sixth phone like this I have in my home . It makes my life easier .
 I 've had this system for years and was thrilled to be able to find addtionaly handsets . I tried 3 other newer models and the instructions and setup were complicated and impossible to use . I 'll stick with a great product !
 Needed additional handsets for existing phone . This one was compatible and is even slightly better than the ones that came with the original set .
 Had this set for about five years now ... whenever I lose one of the 5 handsets , I go onto eBay to get another as I like it so much . I have a large house and it enables me to put a call on hold and use the intercom to let someone know at the other end of the house that they have a call . I can also use the room monitor as a baby monitor . Speakerphone , check messages from any handset , store 2 numbers per name , distinctive rings ... it has it all . Love it .
 Good price for a good accessory . UNIDEN needs to improve the system they use to imprint the numbers on the dial-up buttons ; they wear off too quickly .
 We purchased an additional handset to our existing Uniden phone . It was such an easy process to add this handset . Features are great ! We love it !
 After several years of rough use , the buttons gradually died on my original handset , most notably the big chrome rocker button . That made it impossible to control some features . I bought the TCX905 and it is a 100 % exact copy of the original . Introduce it to the base ; go to the other phone set and transfer my contacts , and I was back in business without having to buy another $ 150 base station -LRB- which may not be available anymore ? -RRB- .
 This handset is part of a versatile , high value , digital answering machine . The machine is expandable up to 8 hand sets and each one has a speaker phone feature and can receive/delete messages stored on the answering machine base set .
 This works great & registering to the base was a dream.See my review about the base unit : Uniden TRU9485-2 Expandable Cordless System with Digital Answering System , Dual Keypad , Call Waiting/Caller ID and Extra Handset and Charger
 although i think thi sis the best cordless phone on the market i prefer the older handset to this upgraded model . not from performence but from ease of use . sometimes simple is better .
 This is areplacement phone for my Uniden Power Max 5.8 and I purchased 2 of them . They are exactly what I wanted -LRB- needed -RRB- and I now have a total of 5 phone , including the base . I take them everywhere throughout the house and am never more than a reach away . I recommend them highly .
 This is a good replacement handset to my Uniden system . The only thing that I do n't like about this handset or the older ones is you ca n't dial a phone number straight from the caller ID because it does not insert a `` 1 '' prior to the number . Otherwise , good reception .
 Great compact charger and fully featured handset . Makes a nice addition to the original unit . Priced well and arrived quickly !!
 I bought this phone as an extention of 3 that I had already had . I really like this phone set . I like the range of these phones and the display . Real good phones .
 I have been using the TRU885-2 system for a little over 4 years now and can defiantly say that it is one of the most versatile and feature rich cordless phone systems I 've ever used . First of all , the system is very easy to setup and begin using . Calls come through crystal clear and all of the handsets sync their date/time information with the base unit . In addition , you can `` direct connect '' from phone to phone if you need to reach someone else in your house . Finally , we 've used the room monitor feature in a pinch when our daughter was sick but too old for the baby monitor.We decided to expand to two additional handsets about two years ago . The TRU8885 line had been discontinued but I was pleased to find that the newer Uniden TCX905 handsets worked just fine with the older base system ! What fantastic optionality for the future!In short , these have been great products and I highly recommend them .
 I bought a 6.0 GE phone , and was very disappointed that it was nearly impossible to understand anyone I spoke with . Went back to Uniden , and this phone is wonderful . I can hear again !
 I 've tried many different phones and answer machines - This one is the best so far . The optional waterproof hand set is impressive - Definately waterproof
 This is a really good phone . I bought the additional handset after buying a package at Sam 's Club that contained an answering machine base and four handsets , one being the waterproof satellite handset . Good speakerphone performance !
 I just bought a set with the base and 3 cordless additions . I left one handset outside , it got wet , and so I needed a replacement . I 'm glad it was replacable , but I wish it was a bit more water resistant - it was not that wet.I like whole the setup . It has good range , no problem in my house , even though the base is at one end and we use the others thruout the house . My only complaint is that once it is answered , you can not break in or use the intercom ... like when you have to tell your kids to get off the phone.It says you can , but in reality it is not possible .
 I Love my phone ! It has no static ! I like that it has a room intercom and that I can monitor what the kids are doing just by clicking one button !
 Product arrived on time , in good shape , was as promised , and saved me half the price of a new one .
 I bought 2 additional handsets . They were shipped promptly and received in good shape a few days later . They were easy to add to the system , even being easier to register to the base than the original ones I had bought several years ago . Great product for me .
 Amazon and the companies that do business with them have always done well with me . The product is just what I need and price very well .
 I purchased these handsets to expand my Uniden home cordless phone network . It took me a couple of tries to figure out how to network the system but all is well . I 've been using the original phones for 3 years and the TCX905 for over a year trouble-free . I have a teenage son who is constantly getting calls so it 's great to be able to page him without having to yell into the basement or upstairs ...
 I bought 4 of these to expand a TRU-8866 base we have had in service for 4 years . These handsets work just like the originals . The only trouble was that I had to call tech support to find out that to register each phone on the TRU-8866 base , you need to remove the battery cover since the newer style handset does not quite fit in the cradle . From that point on they work fine , and we now have 7 handsets around the office using this base . Works great !
 I have an older phone system and it connected right to it just as the description said it would .
 great reception - works perfectly all places of house and with 2 line phone ; easy to use
 An excellent cordless telephone and intercom set . I have seven of the handsets all over the house and it serves beautifully as an intercom as well as a phone . And you need only enter your frequently used telephone numbers into one of the units and these numbers can then be remotely transferred to all of the handsets !!
 I purchased this phone about a month ago . I bought the base unit and two additional handsets and have been very pleased with it . It has excellant range , but does not have an external antenna , which is nice . I have noticed that the ear piece volume could be a little louder , but in normal environments it works great . I would definitley recommend this phone .
 I bought this phone to add to my Tru8 series system . The phone did not fit into my other cradles - so it took a few minutes to program it - but it works wonderful . The buttons are a little different than the original phones but not hard to get use to . I will be ordering another one soon for my basement .
 These phones are very easy to use and can be used as a phone , intercom , or monitor . It was very easy to upgrade my existant TRU8 system and the phones stay charged a very long time . I like being able to upgrade the banner and ringtones to easily keep the phones in the proper areas they need to be . Also , it is great to have only acces to one phone jack and be able to use up to 8 phones because of the remote features .
 This unit is compatible with our existing Uniden phones . It has most features similar to the two original phones that come with our Uniden system . The phones work flawlessly and I have no complaints about this accessory hand set . I highly recommend this accessory phone set to anyone who uses the Uniden phone systems .
 These were added to an existing Uniden system and I am very satisfied with the brand and individual phones . There is no interference and range is good at least 75 feet from base before signal deteriorates.I recommend these as a low cost great performing phone .
 Uniden makes superior cordless phones . I got a similar Uniden phone with digital answering machine several months ago . I was skeptical . Living in Florida , lightning plays havoc with phone batteries . However , having read so many good things about Uniden phones , I decided to give it a try -LRB- and keep my little hard wired phone handy -RRB- . Well , I 'm impressed , although we are about to get into lightning season so we 'll see . But , even if the battery goes soon , it will still be a record for here.Bottom line , I have only good things to say about Uniden !
 I purchased the original base and one handset and liked this product so much I purchased another . I ca n't say enough about the quality and features . My wife and I wear hearings aides and the salesperson at our local Circuit City recommended this phone . He was right ; it 's great
 When we found a need to replace phones in our house we started our research . We found and bought this particular phone and have been very happy with it . We started out with the base phone and two handsets . Later we decided that we wanted a phone nearer the computer so we purchased an add on phone with charger . You can add up to nine additional phones and they all work off of one base unit . No need for phone lines in every room where you want a phone , only an electrical outlet for charging is needed . We love all the features the phone offers and the unusal ring tone . The sound is clear . Would highly recommend this phone for those wanting a good cordless phone .
 Nice product . We have a large home with two teenagers and are often spread out on 3 different levels . We appreciate the intercom and call transfer features . There is occasionally some static , but not bad . My main criticism is that when you use the intercom on one handset to page another , both the handset you are using and the one you are paging will ring . This is especially annoying when you are trying to locate a handset that is lost between sofa cushions , etc. because the ringing of the handset you are holding drowns out the ringing of the one you are trying to find.We use them as much to talk within the house as for actual phone calls .
 Replaced an older 2.4 GHZ phone to eliminate interference and these 5.8 GHZ hadsets are crystal clear and offer no interference . They are easy to use with an intuitive menu and full of features .
 I initally got aa TRU unit from costco which was on sale with 3 handsets and a base unit . I replaced a panasonic unit and also vtech units at home . I was so happy with the performance after 2 weeks that I threw away the rest of my phones and purchased an additional 2 handsets.There are so many great features , it has been well thought out . I has room monitoring for the baby , walkie talkie mode between handsets `` direct link '' . It has great receptions on the 5.8 Ghz range . In addition it does n't mess up my wireless network at home.I is very easy to set up and personalize.I think it is the best complete home phone system that I have had .
 Works great with TRU9466 base phone . Very easy install and quality is great .
 I have the base model TRU9480 . I have owned the system for a few weeks now . After some research and review reading , I knew that I wanted Uniden 's expandable phones for my house . I found the best deal at Sam 's Club . I bought the package that had the base/cordless phone with 3 other cordless phones . You can do so much with these phones , that it 's almost overwhelming . I love to program things , it 's challenging to me , so I was looking forward to purchasing these phones . They are a lot like cell phones , which is really cool because most people use their cell phones more than their house phone these days -LRB- if they even have a house phone anymore -RRB- . The system has an answering machine , a ` do not disturb ' button -LRB- when you do n't want to hear the phones ring -RRB- , caller i.d. , cool ringtones , 2-way radios , room monitors , intercom , phonebook , a 3 phone # memory redial , and much more . Like I said , it 's seems overwhelming for many , but you do n't have to utilize all of the features . The phone system is working great so far . I bought this to replace an older Uniden phone set which is still in great working condition . I needed more cordless phones to put around the house . I am impressed with how modern this new set is compared to my old set . It 's just cool .
 This is the only cordless answering system I could find which allows the voice mailbox to be accessed from any handset . Being able to copy the number directory from the main handset to the extensions is a terrific feature too . Additional handsets are reasonably priced at $ 30 . This is the best cordless phone I 've ever owned .
 Love it , love it . It 's packed with all the features you expect and then it has some more . I love using the intercom to call another extension . In our house you ca n't always hear from one level to the other , so it helps to be able to dial up the extn . in that room . The `` baby monitor '' has come in handy more than once , but realize that ummm ... you might want to turn off this function in the bedrooms as it 's not very obvious that you 're being monitored.The only little bug that I can find is that when storing #s from the caller ID into the phone book you have to program in the `` 1 '' for dialing US calls - it does n't automatically enter it . However , if you want to redial from the incoming Caller ID list , you can just click on the phone number & it knows to dial with the `` 1 '' .
 This handset is layed out differently . I found the orignal function layout better than this `` upgrade '' . There are some features that are improvements and I found the distance it a little farther with the 905 . This is a big plus since one area my phone is used was at the limit of the 8866 sets.My biggest complaint , one you wo n't have if your read this , is that the manual is wrong about how to activate the handset and you have to call to find out a simple trick to use it . Others in there reviews have shared this same problem BUT THEY NEVER TELL YOU HOW THEY GOT IT SOLVED ! So here it is ... the handset will not fit in the 8866 base . Slide off the battery cover and place it in the base without it . Then do the normal activate rountine per the manual.One other thing , I also had one set that would change volume by itself and returned it for an exchange . The new one seems okay . Maybe they have fixed this bug.I still think this series Uniden it the BEST portable phone out there and we use them in our business putting close to 8 hours day without power down and that is well over a few years of use . New batteries can be had at eBay for a couple of bucks but I did not replace them for about 4 years .
 This is an excellent phone , with high quality reception , and backwards compatible with older Uniden phones . I also have to take the opportunity to correct this criticism from another reviewer who states
 I purchased two more of these handsets to add onto the existing system that I already have . I love these phones , especially because of the flexibility that it gives you . You only need the one phone line for the base unit , all other handsets connect to that , so you can set up the other units anywhere you want . Great sound quality and distance reception . Highly recommended !
 I have been well satisfied with this Uniden Phone TCX905 . The phone works better than I expected . It has great features . The product is very easy to setup . I would recommend this product to everyone .
 The two TCX 905 's I purchased worked well with an existing system of TCX 860 's . It 's really hard to see any differences other than cosmetics , and they added to the base unit seamlesslly.My only criticism is that the TCX 905 's will not fit into the TCX 860 charger base , so they 're not fully interchangable throughout the house , but that 's a minor irritation .
 These phones are easy to use , have great reception and sound quality , and let you have a phone in easy reach anywhere in the house . We purchased a base unit with answering machine and have 10 handsets . Never have to run to answer a phone and never have to leave one laying around losing its charge . Love 'em !
 The handsets are terrific and everything I had hoped for , but the handset has no intercom speaker for two-way conversing through the room monitor option .
 I already have a 2 line TRU8866 . I bought this as an accessory handset.It worked out to be perfect for me . The handset would n't fit in the charging cradles I already have . I removed the back battery cover and viola ! it fits . I was able doeasy registration by placing it in the base charger . It came with its own charger - but worst case If I need to charge it in the old charging bases , I can do it -LRB- by removing battery cover -RRB- . My old handsets charge in the new charging cradle , btw.Its an improved version of old handsets - looks & works great .
 I have the whole system and added these hadset to spread around the house . Have excellent reception in all rooms , -LRB- 4 handsets in 10 room house . Used as intercom to my basement office . Can also be used as monitor for sleeping grandkids two floors up . Used in internet phone service and have had zero problems .
 A fine product , easy to use for routine phone calls , but a bit complicated for an old-timer when trying to figure out all the bells and whistles .
 It 's a good system . We have the base plus five handsets with no problems throughout 2-story 3000 ft and 2 garages . Put someone on hold and then page another room to pick it up is great . Same with different rings for different people . The ONLY downside is having to input memory numbers on each phone . It 's the best system we could find .
 This phone was everything it promised . Great reception and clear calls . Very easy to set up and use .
 I bought three accessory handsets and chargers to use with my Uniden TRU9485-2 Expandable Cordless System -LRB- reviewed separately -RRB- and they have been very easy to use.Setting them up was very simple
 I have the TRU8866 base and just ordered 4 of these handsets to add on to my system . I now have phones in every room and I was able to position the phones where I want them rather than having to place them where the existing phone jacks are.Set up was SO simple . After unpacking them yesterday morning , I charged them overnight -LRB- they suggest 20 hours for the initial charge -RRB- and this morning I simply placed each new phone on my existing base and voile within seconds my phones were all registered and are working perfectly . One note
 Added two of these to the Uniden TRU8866 . Great combinations and strong signal throughout house .
 I found these handsets very easy to program and to use . I really liked the cloning feature that allows phone book entries to be copied directly from the base station . For me the black text/amber display is much easier to read than other phones I 've used . Coverage from the base station is excellent ; I 'm able to walk around with the unit with no drop out or loss of connection . One minor drawback is that the phonebook and caller ID share the 100 entries in memory so if you have a large phone book your called ID list might be limited .
 I bought one of these to go with the Uniden TRU9485 base unit . It is an exact duplicate of the handset that comes with the TRU9485 . All you have to do to register this phone with the TRU9485 is place it in the base for about 5 seconds and you 're all done . You can then copy all of your phone directory entries from the base unit to the new handset.These handsets are a joy to use . The listening volume could be a `` little '' bit better but it is good enough . The listening voice quality is great and I 've spoken with my wife when she was using one of these and it sounded good from the that direction as well . The built in speakerphone is a real boon as you can easily , with a single button press , switch to it and and back at anytime during a call . The speakerphone quality is good with great volume . The buttons have a nice solid feel and a little `` click '' when depressed which provides positive feedback . The keyboard is backlighted and the display is backlight with an easy to read orange.Of course the base that comes with this unit is just a charger , does not require a phone line , and is small and light . You can put it anywhere you have a power outlet . Very convienient.One note of interest is it was less expensive to buy the TRU9485 and this extra TCX905 seperate from Amazon . The reason is the free shipping . As of late January 2007 Amazon does not sell or ship the TRU9485-2 two handset model , but Amazon does sell and ship the TRU9485 -LRB- one handset model -RRB- and this TCS905 . The price of these two together was $ 3 more than the TRU9485-2 but I saved on the shipping . Go figure.There are a few annoyances with the transfer of information from the base to the extra handset . Only the directory is copied , not the speed dials . Another thing already mentioned by other reviewers is the caller ID clogs up each phone and has to be erased from each handset individually . Once you reach a combination of directory entries and caller IDs that totals 100 you ca n't store any more . So you have to keep clearing out the caller IDs . This is a poor design . I wonder what Uniden was thinking . Even with this little nit this is a great phone system .
 This is a great add on to the set we already have , its nice because you do n't need to plug in a phone line . The only thing bad is when you set up ring tones on one phone and copy the phone numbers to the other ones it does n't keep the ring tones that were setup also .
 I have an older TRU8 series base with 2 handsets . These were additional handsets and work great . After quite a bit of research -- this is one of the few systems out there that can handle 2 lines . Both the older original purchase and these new handsets work great . I was worried about compatibility but they programmed easily . Good product .
 I bought this accessory phone to go with the Uniden TRU8866 base setUniden TRU8866 5.8 GHz Digital Expandable 2-Line Cordless Speakerphone with Dual Keypads -LRB- Black -RRB- . The instruction manual tells you , for each model base set you are using , how to `` register '' your accessory phone with the base set so that it can be used . Unfortunately , the instructions for this phone do n't work when applied to the 8866 base ! After some time with a mystified Uniden person on the phone , they gave me the correct instructions
 I 've owned the complete system for about 4 years , and have just added 2 new handsets for a total of six . If I wanted to , I could add four more for a total of TEN . Imagine trying to buy extra handsets for YOUR phone system four years after purchase ... if it still works at all , you will be hard-pressed to find any manufacturer that will still sell new accessories for it . You see , they build throwaway junk , while Uniden builds long-lasting systems with useful feature sets and then SUPPORTS them for the long term . I appreciate that . My first cordless phone 25 years ago was a Uniden . It lasted 17 years . Then I made 3 mistakes -LRB- purchased from other manufacturers -RRB- including the BIGGEST , OLDEST name , and their expensive phones were junk . Now I 'm back with Uniden , and expect to be for a long time . Great value for the money , useful features , support , and built to last .
 Already owning the base set and one remote handset , with which I 've been extremely satisfied , I added two more remote hand sets to the system . This Uniden model has fine reception and sound quality throughout my home , including the one remote hand set which is upstairs at the point farthest from the base set downstairs . Set up is extremely easy when adding on to an existing system . All that is required is the time it takes to charge the batteries , followed by placing each remote hand set in the primary base set for all of five seconds apiece , the processing time it takes for the base set to `` learn '' to recognize a new hand set . This also allows the existing programming of the system or changes made at a later date -LRB- e.g. , time settings , speed dialing numbers , etc. -RRB- on one phone to be acknowledged automatically by all other phones in the system without the user having to do anything more to the other phones . Overall , this is an extemely convenient and simple cordless phone system , one I can wholeheartedly recommend .
 Uniden handset works fine . I had 3 and needed an extra one , Uniden is the best phone system . I always have/buy Uniden products . They last a very long time . I have a system that still works after 8 years . Just change the battery every once and awhile.Thanks Uniden . & Amazon where you get the best prices.R
 Works well with good range and clarity . Keys on handset difficult to read even when backlit .
 I see raving reviews here . I 've had a long relationship with these phones and I rate them highly but realistically as well . I really like the system I have overall . The capabilities and feel of these phones are excellent.Even so , I 've had 2 of 5 of these 905 's that have been duds . One was just not good at all and the second was `` quirky '' in that it freezes up fairly frequently until I pull and reattach the battery.I just bought 3 more of these so I 'm still a fan in spite of those challenges and you can see my rating . I 've looked hard and I could n't find any competing phone that impressed me at all . That 's the core of my message here . These phones are n't perfect but I think they 're a solid value for the price .
 We 've owned our Uniden TRU9485 base station for over a year and really like it . We continued to use two independent phones elsewhere in the house and constantly muttered about how much better our Uniden was than our other phones . Finally we purchased two Uniden TCX905 Accessory Handsets and are thrilled with them . They work flawlessly and we are now `` mutter-free ! ''
 I have 8 handsets , so there are phones all over my home . That is very convenient .
 I already had two phones this was a third one for the upstairs bedroom . It looks and works just fine and was easy to set up .
 It does what it should . The display is very readable , the sound quality is great , and it works well for all the use I 've put it to so far . I have n't tried it out in conditions of extreme hardship for this equipment -LRB- have to protect my investment , after all -RRB- but so far I 've not once regretted buying the 4 of these that I 've bought .
 I 've bought many different wireless phones over the years only to be disappointed in their quality , clarity of the speakerphone , ease of use , etc. . We tried the Uniden base with one handset and found that both the base and the handset had excellent mic and speaker quality -LRB- you can talk and hear across the room or even the house -RRB- . We 've periodically replaced our other wireless and wired phones throughout the house with these Uniden TCX905 Accessory Handsets . This is our final purchase of the last two handsets to fill out our home . No more Sony , Toshiba , Panasonics , GE and AT&T phones now . We are a happy Uniden family . : -RRB-
 I have an older Uniden 2-line TRU8866 and bought TCX905 as the eighth handset , in this case for my garage . The system has excellent sound quality , long bettery life and good range even through walls -LRB- sheetrock -RRB- chockablock with copper pipe . The two-line system is a must if you want to page , transfer and conference calls , which we do all the time.Only words of caution - the TCX905 is not compatible with older charging cradles , so be careful not to mix-and-match .
 Because I often work evenings , I like the `` Do Not Disturb '' feature of this set . One button on the base unit turns off the ringer on the base , as well as all handsets . Incomming calls silently go straight to voice mail . Very few phone sets have this feature . Regarding durability , after about 4 years , the multi-function button , used for caller id review , etc. became * very * difficult to use . Also , my wife uses a headset very often . After many plug/unplug cycles , the headset jack has worn so that when you unplug the headset , the normal ear-pieece speaker does n't always turn back on . The corded phone in the base unit gives you a usable phone even when the power is out , although the answering machine function does n't work . Sound quality is excellent . I highly recommend this phone set .
 Product works pretty well and has great range . The only real issue with the phone is you can hear when someone is dialing out on the other line . Not overly annoying , just slightly noticeable .
 Good product . A little difficult to program with existing system but other than that the phones work fine .
 This phone has all the features you need at a decent price and it works .
 A great expansion phone for the for the Uniden TRU9845 Base with 2 handsets . I purchased 2 additional units . Setup is very easy.My only criticism is why Uniden did not do either of the following : Make the Base unit and 2 handsets the same as the TCX905 or the TCX905 setup the same as the TRU9845 . The setup menu and options navigation is different in the two models . Also the TCX905 can store 2 phone numbers for a name where the Base and original two phones can not . Other than that as a criticism , I think the sound quality and features are great such as using the phone as an intercom , unique rings etc. . I highly recommend the TCX905 cordless phone accessory
 My main reason for picking this phone over the Panasonic models was the battery life . My patience grew thin with the poor performance of the battery life on Panasonic models . The Uniden phone has not let me down . I did have some pairing problems with the base station , an accessory handset had to be returned ... Uniden offered no help with this , thankfully the Amazon distributer was excellent . That 's the only reason why it did n't get 5 stars .
 I bought the Uniden TRU8885 off Amazon . I am very pleased with it . I decided to get a couple of TCX905 's . They work extremely well with the TRU8885 . I decided to replace my mom 's Panasonic , because it seemed the volume was not that good on it . She loves the TCX905 . I 've noticed her talking on the phone more . I love the intercom feature , talking from room to room . There are some nice features on these Uniden phones.Where have I been and who knew Uniden made such great phones . I 've owned AT and T and Panasonic before , but I never tried Uniden . What a pleasant suprise.The best part is that these accessory handsets are full featured phones . I like the fact that you just plug in the charger . No phone line required . They can be placed anywhere.Good job , Uniden !!!
 I need a two-line cordless phone , so sometimes the choices are slim . This is a very affordable unit and can be used as a two-line phone if you have a compatible base unit.You can transfer the phone book between phones , which is very handy . The quality is also very good . The phone is also very affordable , especially as a two-line unit . The only issue that I have found is that the ringer volume is a little too low .
 This 2-Line phone has been around for a long time . I have had to REPLACE 4 cordless phones , all for the same reason
 This handset was installed with a five year old Uniden system . Installation was very easy following the instructions that came with the handset . Kudos to Uniden for keeping their handsets compatible with older generation systems . The five year old system has been great and has always worked well .
 The title says it all . Do n't hesitate to buy it if you are in the market for an additional handset .
 I think this extension phone is super , even better than the one that came with the base . I have a UIP1869V Uniden base which I bought through the phone company -LRB- Vonage -RRB- and , even though it 's not the same model as the base , it works great . And for the price , you ca n't beat it.Too bad it does n't come in any other colors , like white or beige .
 After shopping many sites , this was the best bargain . Very pleased with the product and the service .
 Phone works very well . I have not experienced feed back problem with sounds in the high range , i.e. baby crying or kids yelling . This was a common problem with our previous generation handset .
 I bought a Uniden TRU9466 2-Line and added seven extra lines ... The whole house is hooked up in less than 5minutes . I can call from room to room as an interphone ... I can monitor my baby 's room ... I can have a 2 line conference call ... I can answer the phone in any one of the eight rooms , even if that room had no preparation for the phone lines.With the 5.5 mhz , I can even go to my garden with the same phone I use inside of the house.Topof the line product ...
 This extra handset to the Uniden TCX905 phone that I have works great . The fact that it has a 5.8 ghz works great in an environment with high intereferences such as wireless internet and mobil phones .
 Hello , first of all , the item was shipped and arrived as promised in the initial transaction and purchase . My family is extremely happy with the phone system . My teenage daughters -LRB- 2 -RRB- can now hide one of the extensions in their room and my wife especially likes the feature as where the phone from the home base can be missing and you can use the speaker/dialer option from the base to make a call in the absents of the cordless phone . And last , I have seen this phone onsale in my area at a local electronics stores and the price for the base and 2 extension phones was higher than the unit I bought from Amazon that included a 3rd extension . So in closing , if you have teenagers or just the need for a great phone with extension jacks , the product and price is unbeatable . And if your wondering if I was paid for these comments , NO ! my only payment was the reciept of a great product .
 This a very good product.It is easy to attached to the other unit i already have in my house.The range is very good and the sound quality is better than the Panasonic model i had -LRB- KX-TGA560m -RRB- recommended product .
 Our household has had 4 different name brand phone systems in the last 4 years and so far the Uniden system that utilizes the TCX905 has to be the best . The value for the money spent can not be matched . Design , functionality and clarity has to be the best on the market . Hopefully for anyone else purchasing Uniden phones will have a system they can feel the same about as we do .
 It just could n't be easier to add on handsets . Put in the battery pack , let it charge for 12 hours , set it on the master base for 5 seconds to `` register '' it to your home network , then you 're ready to have an additional phone that only needs an electrical outlet . We were able to use the intercom function without reading the directions , so it is pretty easy to figure out the basic functions without a lot of fuss .
 This was pretty easy to set up and works fine . Good quality sound just like the original wireless handset . It was hard , though , to figure out which handset to get for my TRU9496 system .
 Works great and initialized with my existing Uniden system just fine .
 This handset worked as advertised . They are difficult to find so I was glad to get it . It has been in service for nearly a year and works perfectly . The screen is a bit hard to read , and the menu system a bit obscure . I use the two line feature regularly . The unit is normally left on the charging stand but it will remain functional for days off of the stand .
 We like the unit . It would be better if the phonebook that we programmed in the base would appear on the remotes . The remotes have to be programmed separately , which is somewhat inconvenient . Otherwise it is a good product .
 I like having the additional handsets and they seem to work fine . Setup in the owner 's manual was not accurate . I had to call customer service for the correct instructions .
 Great seller , great product and a great bargain even after buying a new battery . Would buy again
 I was very pleased to find an additional handset for my phone system on Amazon . The handset is a refurbished item , but you would never know it , as it looks brand new . It came well packaged and in a very timely manner . I have had absolutly No problems , and it was very easy to register it with the base unit . I would not hesitate to buy again !
 Have had for several years . Good quality . As it `` ages , '' buttons a little hard to push on several handsets . Overall satisfaction . Good sound quality
 Bought two of these to expand on the system I already had and liked . Simplest handset registration procedure you could ask for -- just put it in the base and wait -LRB- at least with the base model I have , the TRU 9465 -RRB- . At 5.8 GHz , it does n't interfere with our baby monitor , and I 've never noticed any interference with other wireless devices -LRB- including Wifi , Wii and XBox 360 controllers , etc. . -RRB-
 I have 3 other Uniden cordless phones and I love them . It is great to have one main unit attached to the phone jack which then send signals to all other the units . By receiving the main phone 's signals all the others do not have to be in a phone jack . Their range is great . I can be walking around outside the house and still receive a clear , strong signal . However , if their is an electric outage , I always have a corded phone just in case . That is the only drawback I see with any cordless phone system . Still , a great product . I now have phones on each level of my home so I can readily access a call when it comes in .
 I had a problem syncing it with my base , but after I called tech support and they helped me , its been perfect .
 This refurbished item arrived in like new condition . The battery would not take a charge , but an e-mail to the vender resulted in a new battery being sent quickly . All is well , excellent service from the vender , and a working handset and charger .
 There really is n't much to say about this . This is an accessory handset to expand an existing Uniden TRU system . It 's exactly the same as the included handset.On most bases , you can pair the phone by simply dropping it into the base charger . This eliminates the need to pair it using the menu system.Much like the base 's included set , voice quality is excellent , the buttons and menus are the same , etc. .
 Easy to use right out of the box . Great caller ID display . Easy to review calls , erase previous calls , etc. . Holds a charge forever . Have used it off the charger stand for 2 hours and still not even low on battery . Crystal-clear reception . Home base for the unit is 115 feet away . Used in the garage , too , 220 ft and still a strong signal . Ca n't go wrong if you own a Uniden system and want to add a remote unit .
 I recently purchased 3 Uniden TCX905 Accessory handsets to add to my previous purchase of the Uniden answering machine base and extra phone.I now have 5 of these phones and I have been very happy with all aspects of these phones.I purchased the base and handset from Amazon and the 3 accessory handsets from DollarRite through Amazon and both orders went without a hitch.The phones all work great and the buying experience went very smooth .
 This was a replacement for one of four cordless phones I have been using for five years . The one phone would not accept a charge anymore even though I replaced the battery .
 Since we already had a Uniden system that we were/are pleased with , it made sense to get Uniden again when buying another remote unit .
 Having decided to add more handsets to the existing Uniden TRU9496 , I was concerned that
 We had the Uniden cordless phone system for some time when I had to replace an existing wall mounted cordless phone . I ordered this replacement -LRB- actually 2 more -RRB- and now have 6 phone devices in the home . This Uniden is by far the easiest I have ever used and had to program . Several friends have cordless systems and NONE of them can stand up to this Uniden System . I highly recommend this device as a best buy for the money involved . I use hearing aides and have had NO problems with these phones . I love them ... . RGGale
 I just set this up with my 2 line uniden system and it works great!I saw where it said compatible with 2 line phones , and was unsure what to expect.This is a great deal ! It is a great deal for a good price ! I noted uniden has discontinued selling the 2 line phones in the fry 's store .
 I bought this handset and charger as the 4th to be added to my system . Uniden no longer makes the original style but this was recommended by the Uniden customer service as compatible with my system . When it arrived , I was unable to register it in the base unit due to the different shape . I emailed Uniden again and they told me to remove the battery cover and try again . Voila ! It worked ! I 'm a happy camper ! The new handset has a lot more features than the old style and I have not taken the time to learn them yet .
 This handset is the nineth one for our 10-handset maximum phone base . All work just fine even though the layout of this model is a bit different from the original . The one thing I do n't like is that the price has n't seemed to drop at all even though this is an older phone model . We may get one more so we have phones in every room .
 I know at this point -LRB- Jan 2011 -RRB- this phone is not the latest in cordless technology , but I bought an additional handset for my house . I 've had nothing but a positive experience with these phones . This phone did n't fit in my base -LRB- to register the phone -RRB- since my base is older , but Uniden customer support told me to take the battery cover off and that did the trick . So , good customer support too .
 Phone came without a battery in the box . Uniden will send , so I 'm sure it will work fine because I already have the base station and three other hand units .
 I purchased the Uniden Cordless Phone System to replace older Uniden cordless phones I had purchased over many years . I have always been happy with all my Uniden Cordless Phones so I decided to continue my relationship with the company.I have not had any trouble with my new system . The phones can be placed around the house near AC outlets for charging and offer the same quality of service that I have always enjoyed with Uniden cordless phones . I will not buy any other kind .
 I purchased a total of 5 handsets . Minor set up for each one , then you can globally adjust.The only negative , is you have to delete messages and CID numbers from each handset . I would have preferred it globally once deleted .
 very nice phone ; speaker option is a plus and set up is quick and easy .
 I purchased two units and they arrived in excellent condition . They were easy to set up with my existing system . I now have 4 handsets and they work excelent.FredUniden TCX905 Accessory Handset and Charger -LRB- Compatible with TRU9 series , TRU8 series , CLX series , Elite series , and the UIP18 series -RRB-
 I got four of these phones for Christmas 2006 and recently added two more handsets for a total of six . I have VoIP and have found it difficult to find phones that worked well with it . These phones work great . One of the features I like is that you can program the name of the room on each handset -LRB- i.e. office , kitchen , master bed , family room -RRB- so you know where each phone should go when you need to place it back on its charger . The paging system works great with this as well . You no longer have to page a handset number . Each handset recognizes the other handsets name . You will not regret purchasing these phones .
 Bought this same time we got the TRU9465-2 so we have 3 handsets.They arejust the right size , not as small as a cell but not as big as a standard phone handset.I will and have recommended this setup.See reviews of the base for more info .
 It was very easy to place my order and within a week I had my phones . Absolutely stress free .
 I bought the base unit with two handsets . Liked it so much I bought a 3rd one for the basement .
 great range ... great sound ... doesnt interfere with my wireless router dont get no better
 We have many of these around the house and they work great , especially like the speaker phone sound quality .
 I do n't want to repeat the other reviews but will say that this is a practically perfect phone system in overall design , user interface , features , and price.You can choose to screen incoming calls from a softkey on handsets , use as independent walkie talkies , 3 last number redials , large clear backlit LCD and jeypad , great feeling keypad buttons , 4 way controller , sturdy belt clip , loud handset speakerphone , easy to adjust volumes , flasing message indicator , room monitor , up to 10 handsets , large phonebook , and more.I know that technology always progreses , but I really am curoius how this product can be improved , barring a drastically different phone system technology emerging.However , I will take this opportunity to to mention some SMALL improvements that could be made
 Very good phone . We needed a third phone for the basement . It was easy to set up with the main Uniden system upstairs . It has been great . Nicest phone we 've owned . Has also come in handy as another baby monitor .
 We had just had problems with competing multi-handset Atech phone after only days of use and returned to the retailer . After consulting Consumer Reports , we bought a three-handset TRU9485 Uniden phone system for which this is an individual cordless handset addition . In other words , you need to purchase the base station separately for this handset to receive a dial tone and function.The TRU9485 base station can handle up to ten handsets for the same number . We liked the Uniden 's battery life , sound quality and range of the Uniden system through its first year of use that we bought three additional handsets . The speakerphone function works well.This 5.8 GHz cordless is also a good phone system that is deconflicted from 2.400 GHz frequency range home wireless computer network routers , gateways , or baby monitors . If you have landline phone service in your home , strongly recommend the TRU9485 system , adding handsets as your needs grow .
 Excellent phone . This is the third handset I 've added to my home . Good features and the speaker on the back of the handset is not bad at all . I use it to listen in on meetings while working at home .
 This is a great alternative to an expensive phone system . When used with a phone sysytem , it has many useful features like forwarding calls to up to 10 other handsets and all phones work off 1 phone jack . These extra handsets do not need their own phone jack connection . The phones are of great quality as well .
 I purchased this phone to replace a similar Vonage wifi wireless set.It has some great features , especially the Do Not Disturb button -LRB- although I wish it could just DND one handset , vs all -RRB- . Range is OK but not as good as my last handset which was outstanding .
 We tried adding one to our system and it worked without a hitch , been using for 6 months now , plan to buy a few more ... definitely recommend this
 After a couple of wireless phones that did not work well , I purchased a two-phone Uniden system . This worked so well , I wanted a couple more handsets to add to it . Amazon had the lowest price I could find . The only negative I have about the phone is that one can not easily enter special characters in the name part of the phone book -LRB- Georg & Deanne , for example -RRB- , but otherwise it works well for us.Anyone want our old ones ?
 Got the base station with 3 handsets included at a B&M store . Ordered 2 additional from Amazon . As described , very happy .
 I buy 3 Uniden TCX905 Accessory Handset and Charger with Call Waiting and Caller ID and they are working very well in my home .
 This is a repeated purchase for me . The phone system is great and very user friendly . I am glad that I can buy up to 11 of these for my current phone system ! I have young grandsons , who have taken the handsets and immersed one in water and threw the other away!I like the Uniden system.I have used this phone as a baby monitor and a home intercom . It has great memory , tooBuying the extra handsets are well worth the fair price .
 I bought this as an addition to an existing handset and an answering machine . Very good phone , set up / register itself flawlessly . If the battery could last more than 3-4 days between charges , I will give it 5 stars .
 Uniden has done a great job making it easy to add this phone to an existing system . I followed the clear , direct instructions and it synched up in seconds , and the phone has worked perfectly since then .
 This handset is an improvement to the old one it replaces . It interfaces well with my old base unit although it does not physically fit the base or my old chargers . I smiply use it with the charger that it came with .
 I first bought the Uniden TRU9465-2 phone because of a review in Consumer Reports . The TRU9465-2 allows you to add a total of 10 TCX905 phones to it . It 's the best phone I 've ever owned . If you own a multi-story home , this is the phone to have . The intercom feature allows you to page other handsets use within the house .
 This is a good handset easy to use and quick to set up . Only thing I wish it would do is when you add a number to one handset you could transfer it to all phones at once . Other than that it has been a very good perforing for me . I have seven of these and they all work well .
 I 'm very pleased with this handset . I liked it so much I bought extras for my phone and for my daughter 's phone as well . Buttons on the handset are well laid out , the screen is easy to read , the unit is light weight and fits the hand nicely , and it easily fits into a shirt pocket if you want to take it outside while doing yard-work . The speech-quality is excellent . It is a pleasure to use . All this at a reasonable price .
 Overall this works well for the smaller jobs that we are doing . We really need two people to &#34; operate &#34; it . One to push down on the bar and another to tighen it . This way we know it will be secure and tight enough to glue . We like the size and weight since it can easily be moved out of the way when we are n't using it .
 Like other customers , I was frustrated by trying to separate the transfer from the backing . I found a video from England that suggested a different process . Print the transfer . BUT , before you trim it , pull the backing down to the point where the design begins . -LRB- This is much easier because the transfer is looser , and it 's easier to pull up an edge . Then , put the transfer back and trim . I think the trimming process really binds the two surfaces together . I even took a small piece of the ironing paper in between the two surfaces before trimming . The rest is easy . It 's a good idea to wash the shirt first if it 's a dark color so the color does n't bleed through to the transfer .
 edit
 the company sells two main products for this area , dark color and light colors ... for dark color is basically a sticker that you print , and peel , then iron on , printout on front , peeled side back sticking to shirt ; for light , it is printed in reverse , no peeling , you iron the printed side directly to the shirtin theory , great idea , but one thing is they should first rename the products , dark should be simply iron on stickers , and light should be iron on transparent print out ; because that ` s really what you are doing ... if you printed an image with a white background , and let ` s say you iron this to a light green shirt , then background would stay white for DARK , and be transparent for the LIGHT product . . hope this is making senseanyways , the reason for the horrible rating is because the LIGHT product bleeds ink after the first wash , and everything is cracked and crinkled ; i looked online , tried everything , called support , they were cool , sent another package to try again ; ok , so i take my ruined shirt and try the back side this time , iron it on , looks great , let it sit one day , wash inside out , comes out cracked and bleeding b4 i decide to hang dry or tumble drysave your money , get the DARK product , its more expensive , but it works
 Based on other reviews , I purchased these for dark t-shirts even though I was doing white shirts . I did 2 shirts , and so far no problems . They 've been washed a few times and we 've had no issues . They were very easy to use & I will use them again .
 I bought these in the hopes of making some cheap , personalized t-shirts . I used plain black Dickie 's shirts and got great results with these transfers . The white parts are bright , the colors look good , and they have stood up to SEVERAL wearings and washings without peeling or anything . Great value !
 I used this to make character T 's for my son . I found I had to adjust my ink settings on my printer to get the best finished product . The actual paper was great to work with -- no need to mirror-image text . Hard to remove the protective overlay by bending back the graphic and peeling . Instructions say you can also gently `` tear '' the overlay and the transfer paper with the graphic will withstand it . This worked MUCH better and saved me a LOT of time ! The graphics have held up to the 2-year old and the wash so far -- MULTIPLE -LRB- 10 ? -RRB- washings .
 I used the transfer to make a flag , putting a club logo on parachute cloth . I think the cloth was a bit light , since I did get some bubbling in the finished product . But it was easy to use and looks good .
 i didnt even think its was going to come so fast ! im making t - shirts for my friends , its my 21st birthday on the 17 of june , so i wanted to have shirts with arrows saying `` buy her a drink '' ...
 I bought these to go on shirts and shorts for an obstacle race we ran . We crawled through mud pits , over rocks and climbing walls , through dirty water and down water slides . In short , we put ourselves and our clothes through a real work out . The labels held up extremely well . The color on the shorts label came off a bit but we were already covered in mud and then slid face first so I was impressed that they did n't peel off completely.I used them on cotton shorts and a poly/spandex shirt . Thought the shirt might not work or might crack when it was on due to the stretchy material but all stayed on with no cracks or peeling . And , our logo was a sunburst design so lots of pointy edges.I followed the directions exactly , used a wooden cutting board with a pillow case on top . High heat and no steam and all went well . Although it 's unlikely that we 'll wear the outfits again we certainly could . Highly recommend this product .
 I purchased this product along with the light and stretchy versions from Avery . I also purchased the Transformations version from a local craft store . After pre-washing a shirt , I printed the same design on all five transfers and applied them as per the instructions to the same shirt . I then waited the 24 hours it suggests before washing , and washed and dried the shirt with other laundry , regular cycle . The Avery products held up the best , the light and dark held their colors better than the stretchy version did , and the Transformations product was just a mess.I created 15 shirts using the light , and 2 using the dark , all on white shirts . They work just as well on light shirts as they do dark , but the light has more per pack , so unless you are using a colored shirt , the light version is a better buy.It has been 11 months now , and we are planning our next family vacation , so I just went out and purchased another 3 packs of the dark transfer paper as we are using blue shirts this year . I happened to come across last years shirts , which prompted this review . They still look fantastic . Mind you , the ripples and discoloration on the avery shirt is human error -LRB- left -RRB- , when doing a full-size iron on to the back of a shirt that has a pocket on the front , you need to take extra precautions to put ample cardboard inside the shirt so you do n't inadvertently push too hard on the other side of the pocket . The Transformations shirt -LRB- right -RRB- looks like garbage . -LSB- ... -RSB- I do suggest a practice shirt , and they sell half sheets , so start with something small until you get the hang of it . I only did the one practice shirt , so I do n't get why people are wasting 2-5 shirts and transfers to get the hang of it . Read the directions , follow them , and take your time and they make a really nice end-product . If I can do 15 with a 1 & 2 year old running around my house , there 's no real reason someone else ca n't successfully use this product . I really think the negative reviews are due to human error and not an inferior product . -LRB- updated 6/16 -RRB- I just used this product again on foam rubber -LRB- scuba -RRB- koozies and they came out wonderful . It took a few times to get it just right , but if you set your iron on a polyester setting and only iron for 10 seconds at a time -LRB- I hit it three times for 10 seconds and let it cool for 10 seconds in between -RRB- they work great . Any hotter or longer and the background color/pattern bleeds through .
 I was reluctant to try this out with some of the reviews . I have a hot press and the results were great . No problem whatsoever taking the back off . I used this on white t-shirts . Even on a white t-shirt be sure to trim as best you can . The white border of the sheet will stand out on white shirts . My only complaint is that there were only 5 sheets per package . I would like to by it in larger quantity .
 I was dressing as a 90 's grunge/alternative guy , and the finishing touch I needed for my costume was a T-Shirt from some long gone 90 's band . I went to every thrift store I could find and not a single band shirt was to be found . Finally while driving home in defeat , I realized I might be able to just make my own T-Shirt . I stopped by the store on the way home to see what they had , and I grabbed a pack of these transfers and some new black T shirts . I had never made my own shirt in the past , but 20 easy minutes later , VOILA ! I had a brand new Candlebox t-shirt ! And it looks surprisingly good ! I highly recommend this product .
 Before buying Avery brand I have bought cheaper T-shirt iron-transfers only to be woefully disappointed . Since sticking with Avery I have had 10 perfect T-shirt projects completed . This specific brand is great since you do not have to print in reverse . The trick though is -LRB- 1 -RRB- Follow their directions carefully and -LRB- 2 -RRB- Patience in peeling off the transfer from the paper backing . If Avery made a tiny little tab like point where it would be simpler to peel off the transfer this product would be perfect .
 I bought my first set of five sheets days ago , with no real idea with what i wanted to use it for . Just tonight I decided to spruce up my backpack for school using various images . It was very easy , and the results are amazing ! I strongly suggest that everybody try it out , it really brought a new , more glamourous life to that old backpack !!
 Instructions could be better ... remember you need to peel the transfer off the paper before applying it to the T-Shirt or you will mess up yr iron !!!
 I researched for a good iron on transfer paper to make my own graphic tees and saw that this one was the most popular . I used this to make a graphic tee on a white shirt -LRB- even though this is for dark t-shirts -RRB- and it came out PERFECT and was so easy to use.I highly recommend this product .
 The T-shirt transfers worked great for me . The instructions were easy to follow . This was my first time using a T-shirt transfer and it was easier than I thought it would be .
 I read a lot of good reviews and a lot of horrible reviews here , so I was very wary when using this product . There are some pitfalls that may get you , but if you are careful , you should be able achieve a beautiful result . I transferred images onto green shirts and got vibrant colors with no bleedthrough.Assuming everyone followed instructions correctly , I think some of the problems people had might have been the result of either their printer or their iron . I happened to have access to an excellent high quality Epson R1800 , 8 color , inkjet printer . If you have a low quality -LRB- or maybe just a different -RRB- printer it 's possible that the colors might not end up as bright or as thick on the transfer . It 's possible that even high quality printers might vary in how well they work with this particular product - I only have one data point , so I can only guess . Make sure you use the highest quality setting when you print ! I did have one paper feed issue . One of my transfers got a little blurred on one end , apparently due to the transfer shifting position slightly while being printed . Luckily , it was not a critical part of the image.I think some other problems people have described might have been the result of the iron temperature being too hot -LRB- bubbling -RRB- or not hot enough -LRB- peeling -RRB- . I guess irons can vary . I think the hottest setting of my iron might have been just a little on the cool side . I found that I got better results by increasing ironing time . I got no bubbling or burning . If you 're seeing bubbling , you might want to turn the iron temp down slightly or decrease ironing time . If at all possible , you should print several testing pieces and practice ironing them on scrap fabric first -LRB- I used an old shirt from the rag box -RRB- . If your design is not full-page , then you can use extra space on each page for a test design and cut that out separately . Obviously , if you do it this way , the picture you are printing has to include both your real design as well as the test . If you have an extra transfer sheet , you can print a page of several smaller test designs on the extra sheet . The tests will allow you to calibrate your iron temperature and ironing time.For my task , I had no extra sheets . I needed to make 5 shirts with a logo on the front -LRB- ~ 2.5 '' square -RRB- and big design on the back -LRB- ~ 7 '' square -RRB- . I could fit those both on the same sheet along with an extra logo . So , when printed and cut out , I had 5 extra logos to use for testing.Even though I had bought pre-shrunk cotton shirts , I washed and dried them before applying the transfer just to be safe.Others mentioned problems removing the backing from the transfer . When I cut out my design , I made sure to leave little 1/2 '' tabs at one corner so I would n't mess up the design when trying to peel off the backing . This worked well in most cases . I could bend and mangle the tab to start the peeling process without damaging my design . Once the backing started peeling away properly it came all the way off easily . Once the backing is removed -LRB- or partly removed -RRB- , you can trim the tab off with scissors . With about 75 % of my pieces , this worked fine , but on some , the backing seemed to come off a little but then did n't peel properly . When this happened , I quickly abandoned that corner and moved to the opposite corner of the design and was able to separate the backing correctly from there . A sharp fingernail really helps with this -LRB- I wish mine had been just a bit longer -RRB- . In hindsight , it would have helped to have tabs on two opposite corners in case one corner did n't work . I 'm guessing that along one -LRB- or more -RRB- edges of the transfer sheet , the backing may be stuck on just a bit more tenaciously so that it does n't peel off accidentally -LRB- or in the printer -RRB- . Luckily , I was always able to find a place on my design where I could peel the backing away properly . Once the backing started peeling away correctly from one side , the corners that originally had trouble on the other side peeled off just fine.When I was done , I washed the shirts again and the results looked good . Colors still bright , no peeling or cracking . Time will tell how well they hold up.How to avoid pitfalls : * Pre-wash shirts . * Use highest quality setting when printing . * Print a few test transfers -LRB- can be small -RRB- to help calibrate iron.Bubbling
 I bought these t-shirt transfers after wasting time , money and t-shirts using other brands and even the Avery brand for white t-shirts were horrible . They smeared and when washed once the image was faded beyond recognition.A friend recommended these -LRB- even for white t-shirt use -RRB- and they are amazing . They look completely professional , are easy to use and I have washed the items a million times and no fading has occurred at all . In my opinion , using any other brand is a waste . These are worth every extra penny you spend more than the kind designated for white t-shirts .
 Some people are saying that the colors bleed through dark colored shirts but this only happens when you 're applying too much heat or applying the heat for too long.I know this because I ironed on a larger image , but incidentally I ironed the print unevenly . The outside boarders had the original color of the print rather than colors that bled.I recommend either turning down the heat a bit or ironing the image more rapidly.Good luck and happy printing/ironing .
 This is a great quality product . Best quality transfer paper I 've ever used . It 's pretty expensive if you buy it here though . You can get this same exact product at your local Office Depot for a cheaper price plus you do n't have to pay shipping/handling .
 I am making team t-shirts on navy , and royal blue t-shirts . These transfers worked beautifully . After reading the reviews , I was very careful to read the instructions VERY carefully . As long as you follow the instructions , there are no problems . The artwork transferred very well to the t-shirt with no bleed through.I only had two mishaps
 Worked great , just read and follow the guide . We used them on a few types of materials and they worked great for each one.Colours are good , transfers have done fine in the washing machine and even drier.I suggest you just read the instructions and ensure you are following the guidelines for DARK and you should have no issues.backing is removed before you iron it not after.was able to cut up the sheets after printing to make lots of small , large and odd shaped tranfers.OK ONE YEAR later , some of the first group of tee shirts are still being worn from time to time , the tranfers are working great and are not cracking falling off or anythingAlso just a tip you can cut these sheets up small and place pictures all over .
 My sons school does not sell shirts for soccer team fans so I bought these to make my own shirts . They worked wonderfully . I got tons of comliments on how the shirts turned out . The colors were bright and really stood out . These iron ons are also easy to use for the most part adn I would have given them 5 stars but these sheets required you to peel off the backing and it was very difficult to get it off .
 Picks up the color of whatever you are transferring very well . Easy to peel if you follow the directions . Apply beautifully with no wrinkles . Hold up in the wash . -LRB- I use delicate detergent and cold water in delicate cycle -RRB- Get some blank shirts -LRB- or enhance existing articles -RRB- for a fun project for the family . I also created some polos for my business and they look awesome ! Ordering more right now ...
 I 've been having trouble finding Avery 3297 Dark T-Shirt transfers in any local store . For some peculiar reason Staples and Office Depot carry many packets of the Light fabric transfers , which are worthless -LRB- they fall apart after the slightest use and the colors run when washed -RRB- , but never more than 3 or 4 of the really terrific Dark fabric transfers.I ca n't give enough praise for these heavier plastic , opaque transfers for dark colors , and use them regardless of the color of fabric . As a military veteran and political activist , I use them for peace rallies and marches , and have made flags , banners , shoulder and cap patches -- even an occasional T-shirt ! Highly recommend them , but where are they in the stores ? Some managers tell me they were cleaned out during the Christmas season , and I now suspect that the recent store stock has been bought up by other political activists getting reading for our rally and march in Washington DC on Jan 27 . If you 're an activist , think about how YOU can use them.PS
 very happy with this product . It was easy to use and showed up very well on the shirt .
 Looks like a pro job , ironed on great , crisp and clear . Really happy with this product .
 This is a product that I never have been brave enough to go and try a generic . I just trust the good Avery brand to give me the quality transfer I need . I never have any problems peeling the paper off after ironing on the design . And as usual , I found my best price on Amazon .
 I used these to make sweatshirts for grandparents and they worked great , very easy with instructions too . I will buy again in the near furture .
 I created a dark green and white Hello Kitty Cheerleader logo in photoshop then added GO PACK . Printed it out , ironed it on to a dark mustard yellow tshirt - looks fantastic no see thru in the white parts . I 've washed it four times no fading ! My kids are dying to make shirts of their own -LRB- that will get a little expnsive -RRB-
 My son made a &#34; sheldon shirt &#34; -LRB- Big Bang Theory -RRB- by ironing on the zodiac symbol to a black tshirt . It came out really well and has held up in the laundry , surprisingly .
 These worked great with my cotton tanks and made screen printing very easy for me . I 'm satisfied with my purchase , since it was considerably cheaper than iron-ons from local stores .
 These transfers are extremely difficult to source in NZ , they only stock transfers for light coloured material . Amazon had them and delivered very quickly . These work great , no problems and results perfect for Tee Shirts .
 I love this laptop stand ! It keeps my lap cool and the cushions are great when laying in bed and removable for when you use it on a desk : -RRB-
 I really like this product . I like the removable cushion and I also like the 4 adhesives that attach to the iLap . Nice Product , good design .
 Love it ! I questioned the functional value of this versus just being a `` cool accessory '' for my Macbook , but all doubts were gone when I used it for the first time.Of course it keeps your lap cool , plus the padded wrist support makes typing much more comfortable . It really does make a difference with your posture , and I find that I 'm not slumping down like I was before , which has made a noticeable difference in my back comfort after sitting at the laptop for a while . It 's also great on a computer desk . The laptop is raised up more , and its ergonomically more comfortable and `` natural '' feeling than the typical flat laptop position.The sticky pads on your Macbook grip right to the stand and do n't move or slide around at all . Plus , if your `` rubber feet '' wear out after a while the iLap stand also comes with 4 additional pads that you can put on the base.Bottom line
 This is a great product . It does what it is supposed to do , which is to keep the MacBook cool . However , I feel like a fool for paying so much money for it , which is why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars . I like this product over the others because of the soft cushion to rest your wrist on . I would recommend it to others .
 Every laptop user should have one of these ! It facilitates the computing experience greatly . Good angle , padded supports , fits the computer nicely .
 I really like this product rather than the tray versionsI 've seen . The Macbook fit in this laptop stand perfectly , no fuss no muss . No added extras , very simplydesign with nothing getting in the way of you and yourcomputer use .
 The iLap is nice . It is comfortable and keeps my Macbook cool . However , I do n't believe that the iLap is worth the $ 45 or so price tag . There are many other products out there that would probably do the same for a lot less money . Costco had some that looked nice for 20 bucks . That being said , this is the only one I have tried .
 This stand is simple yet elegant and works perfectly . My wife uses it for her laptop and rarely gets on her computer without it .
 This is an amazing design . I love it . Keeps me cool while it 's in my lap and easy to use on the desk . The heat is distributed and the computer keeps cool without all the fuss of fans blowing all the time . It is a little pricey , but a good product .
 I have n't used my laptop without the stand since I got it . It 's comfortable , it adds height , and it absorbs heat wonderfully .
 This is the most amazing product ever . I use my macbook on my bed often and was getting fed up with the heat and the discomfort . . after looking up stands and seeing this product had the best reviews -LRB- and looks -RRB- I went for it . It works like a dream ! I am so much more comfortable , I really do wish I had this much sooner as I 've put my macbook through some rough times since I had to constantly adjust it when I put it directly on my lap . . I 've held it in weird positions and always worried about overheating or grabbing it by the wrong ends . This stand is just so incredible ... no more overheating -LRB- both me and the computer -RRB- and discomfort ! Really worth the money , I ca n't use the computer without it now .
 It came in a nice box , almost like an Apple product . Out of the box , it looks stylish and goes perfectly with MacBook Pro . It was n't clear from the picture to me , but the two black strips on the near and far sides are cushions . Extremely comfortable ! And now my macbook can breathe !
 I bought this laptop stand to elevate the screen of my MacBook while working at a desk , which it does beautifully . The front cushion slides off the stand for a more comfortable desktop typing experience , while attaching the cushion has the added bonus of making the stand an extremely comfortable laptop computing platform . I thought I was already comfortable in the past when I lounged on a couch with my laptop , but this laptop stand makes it even better .
 I thought this was way to expensive , but got it for my husband 's birthday . He loves it ! Its comfortable for his wrists and keeps his computer cool when its in his lap !
 Nice design , light , laptop sits well on it and stays cooler , comfortable to use . Works great especially when I use the laptop in bed !
 i bought this as a gift for my mother . she uses her laptop all the time - on her lap ! she absolutely LOVES it and does n't know how she lived without it . this stand helps keep the computer cool as well as making it more comfortable to use the computer . the stainless steel looks and feels high-end . definitely worth the money !
 I ordered the iLap earlier this week because my father decided that I needed a laptop stand . I will sometimes work at a desk or table , but I also like to work on the sofa or in a chair on the porch , so the typical laptop stand was n't so practical for me . The iLap seemed to be a good compromise . It arrived this morning , and I 've been using it for the last several hours , and I ca n't believe that I waited so long . It 's terrific . Typing is much more comfortable , and my lap no longer feels like there 's heating pad on it . Very easy to use , and good quality . I would buy this again and/or recommend it to friends .
 This product is a must-have for laptop users . It has definitely made using my laptop more ergonomically comfortable , both in my lap and on my desk . The tilt raises the screen to a more comfortable for viewing and the wrist cushion has alleviated the stress I get from extensive use . And if you dont like the cushion , it is easily removable . Also , the cushion lifts the computer from my lap so it does n't overheat . I have n't noticed any extreme cooling provided by the metal `` sink '' action , but I have n't used my computer extensively lately . The only negative for this product is the price . I feel like it would be much more reasonable around $ 30 . Until prices drop or another product compares , I think it 's the best buy around .
 I use this all the time , it 's the perfect size , simple , light and comfortable . A bit pricy though .
 I should n't complain about the price because I picked up mine on ebay for $ 20 . I 've had other laptop holders that were a lot cheaper . If you can pick it up cheaply like I did , it is a very good laptop stand . It does the job and the removable cushion is a nice feature . It does have a tendency to slide downwards when you remove the cushion so the cushion may be less removable than you at first think it is . It does remove the heat from your lap though which is the main reason you get one of these . It is very good for using your laptop in bed or while curled up on a sofa .
 Very confortable , good for use on your laps or on desk , with or without cusions .
 I am so glad that I got this stand - I am so much more comfortable with the laptop off my lap , and I know that a cooler laptop is a happy laptop ! Even though this cost more than I originally planned to spend - I know it will help my Mac last much longer - so totally worth it !
 It is by far , the best accessory for my macbook ! I spent money left and right for different laptop stands , and none compare with this one . It is a little pricy , but is worth it ! My wrist was hurting me so bad , until I got this iLap , and now I can not stay away from my notebook . Just perfect !
 I just purchased a new MacBook and needed a laptop stand . I saw the iLap and read the Reviews and loved it right away!It is a custom fit for my 13-inch MacBook and the bottom never gets hot ! The iLap keeps your laptop and your lap cool !! It is great to use in bed or sitting on the porch and is very comfortable with the pads at the bottom . It can also be easily adjusted . Worth every penny !! GO GET ONE !! Carol
 I purchased this item because I need it to purchase some type of stand that I can use with my 13.3 Aluminum Macbook . And I can honestly say that these was one of the best purchases I ever made . This stand is so practical . I love the fact that it has the cushion in the front and it makes is so comfortable to use . You will not go wrong with this purchase .
 To be really stable on my lap , there 's only one position where I do n't worry about it falling backward or forward or sidewise . Other than that , it keeps the computer and my lap cool , it 's a good angle , and I like the padding . Overall I am very satisfied .
 Length :
 My laptop stays where I put it and it stays cooler-allows air to flow under and around . I 'm glad I purchased it .
 Not only do I use this as a desktop stand to raise my MacBook to a more comfortable typing level , but I use it as a lap stand when I am sitting on the sofa . It keep the computer from heating up , and I have less neck strain since the computer sits up higher . It is comfortable , lightweight , and very easy to carry around from room to room with the laptop on it . It seems sturdy and I have had no problems with the cushion coming off . Highly recommend .
 I love my MacBook Pro , but hate how hot it gets when it 's sitting on my legs . I tried changing positions , but always ended up feeling that my legs were burning . I tried putting a pillow under it , but worried that the computer was still getting too hot and that it might fall off . After checking out the reviews for this product , I decided to give it a try . I 've only had it two days , but already love it . Now I can keep the computer on my lap as long as I want . The stand holds it firmly , I do n't worry that the computer will slip off . This is a great product that truly combines function and style . I highly recommend it .
 This item makes using my laptop while I lounge on the sofa really comfortable . It keeps my wrists in the correct position and seems to help me have all round better posture while using laptop . It 's very well made and kinda a like an Apple product in that it matches the color of my MacBook and is beautifully made like an Apple product . I highly recommend it .
 This stand for my MacBook is just great . Have had my laptop for four years without it and decided to make the purchase after picking up my Mac after a new hard drive and new battery were installed . Makes a huge difference in my arm comfort on my desk and the Mac never gets even warm now after being on for hours . The cooling action of the light metal stand is miraculous and makes me feel like I 'm really babying my precious Mac . Love this iLap so much and havent even used it yet with the pad on my lap ! More comfort awaits me !
 Had to remove the lower cushion when resting the stand on the lap , but works perfectly ! Legs stay cool ! You 'll love this thing !
 Great product and makes using the labtop in the chair , bed , etc. much easier . I highly recommed this product . Good job iLap !
 Purchased for my husband 's Air Mac at same time I purchased for my MacBook . It gets the MAC up off the desk and allows the air to circulate - the only negative is that the little feet on the bottom come off .
 I received this as a gift and did n't really think I would use it , but I tried it on a whim and was pleasantly surprised . Typing was much easier and it worked better than a lap desk .
 I ca n't believe I have had a macbook for 4 years without this iLap ! I would constantly have to sit a pillow under the laptop while using it on the couch . This really is a wonderful product . Fits a 13 ' in macbook perfectly and can be used with or without the velour padded cover . I also find it works well for sitting at a dining room table .
 i really like this prduct its handy and also it helps alot not to get hot love it because i could be laying down and i could still use i confortable and it doest fall down or it isnt as regularly unconfortable
 I bought this after getting tired of my wrists resting on the sharp edges of my MacBook Pro , and not liking the angle the computer sat at on my lap . It 's well made , comes out of the box ready to use and has worked perfectly . The padding on the front is just right for my wrists . The only downside is see is that the padding tends to pick up cat & dog hair . The pet hair is easily removed , but it does seem to attract . Since my cats & dogs are constant companions , this can get a bit irritating , and unless removed after each use . I highly recommend this product .
 Although the iLap looks bulky from the pictures , and I was n't sure how comfortable this would actually be on my lap , I 'm glad to report that I 'm happy with my purchase . More importantly , the iLap really does prevent overheating . I no longer hear my 13 '' Macbook Pro 's fans going off .
 I searched countless hours looking for just the right laptop stand . Some have fans via USB , some are big and bulky , the list goes on and on . There are times in life where all you need to do is `` Keep it simple '' That 's what they did at Rain Design , they designed a beautiful , yet elegant , functional , durable well thought out laptop stand . The aluminum design offers light weight which was very important to me . I bought the Macbook Air because I wanted the lightest quality laptop I could buy . It would not make any sense to have a light laptop and use it with a heavy , bulky laptop stand.The cushion on the front is greatly appreciated in reducing the stress on my wrists by supporting them . The aluminum helps to cool the laptop and prevents me from accidentally blocking the poorly located heat exhaust vents -LCB- its on the bottom vs. the back . Its very easy to block these vents and fry your computer if you rest your laptop on a pillow or comforter while using the computer in bed.Bottom line is I like this laptop stand so much that I bought a second one for the other Macbook Air I own and keep on a different level in my house . As I said earlier in the title of this review `` Just buy it '' I assure you that it will be one of the better purchasing decisions you can make in this lifetime .
 I was looking for something that I could use on my lap that would provide some height to reduce neck strain and also dissipate the incredible amount of heat that my Macbook generates when in use for long periods of time.Pros
 I love this stand so much I bought one for my sister . It 's great in every aspect , except there 's one annoying thing - the front round part that is supposed to come off -LRB- a feature , that of itself , is great -RRB- keeps slipping off even when I do n't want it to . Like I said , it 's a minor annoyance , but I wish there was a way to keep it securely put , since I 've had it slip off and almost dropped my laptop because of it . Otherwise , I have a few Rain Design stands - and I love their products .
 My laptop was uncomfortably hot on my lap -- even when I put a pillow between me and my computer . This product completely solves that problem.The only negative is that you ca n't really lie down comfortably and use this laptop stand . You have to prop it against your legs in a somewhat awkward position so that you can see your screen .
 i love the product . works very well sitting , laying down . little on the pricey side though , but would still buy
 yes , it is little bit pricey , but it definitely worth every penny of the costsit keep your macbook cool , and give you the angle to view the screen a lot better when its on a desk or your lap.must buy !!!
 this makes for a great stand on my white macbook which heats up every now and then . solid build and cushiony velvet feel on the base.great invention . get you one if you 're always using your laptop .
 if u set ur macbook in ur lap sure u will get hotthis is the most comfortable and coolest item for this usage . . i user all the time even in a table
 I purchased this 6 months ago from Amazon for $ 48 . The design is very `` industrial '' , not stylish , but goeswell with the Macbook Pro -LRB- black/silver -RRB- appearance . No rips in the padding , it fits perfectly with the 13.3 inch laptop size . Should be in the $ 30 price range in terms of product , but worth it considering everyday use .
 This is a great item . It 's comfortable to use on top of the table -LRB- without the cushion -RRB- or on the sofa -LRB- with the cushion -RRB- . While on the lap , it does not let the heat to be transferred from your notebook to your lap . This is the best notebook stands I have used . I recommend this to anyone .
 I was hesitant to pay $ 45 for this piece of aluminum with two cushions . However , let me say it is well worth the price . Such a simple little contraption that makes a world of difference when typing . Whether I place it on my lap , whether it is on a table , if I 'm reclining in my bed , it makes a world of difference in my typing , with my wrists and really does absorb the heat from my MacBook Pro . The person who came up with this idea must be raking in the dough , but God bless him/her ! Unless you ONLY type on a desk , this item is a must have !
 Overall I love the iLap . But be careful when using it on a desktop instead of your lap . The front pad is detachable , but the instructions warn not to leave your laptop unattended because it may slip off . -LRB- It does ! -RRB- The iLap comes with some non-skid feet to stick onto the bottom of your laptop - not sure if that will help . But really , if they would just put a small lip on the front edge , this problem would n't happen and the pad would still be able to fit over it .
 Once I received my new MacBook Pro I realized that under processor intensive activities , the bottom would get hot . Before this stand , I had a very basic belkin cloth lap stand that did n't allow it to get rid of the heat either , so I was afraid of the heat hurting my precious new laptop . I ordered this on the idea that the aluminum stand would help pull the heat away from the laptop and into the air , and it does that . My laptop does stay cool , the pads are comfortable on the lap or desk -LRB- been using for about 3 weeks now -RRB- , and the wrist pad is actually very nice because your wrists are n't resting on the edge of the laptop anymore.The price is a little high , especially considering just how thin the aluminum is and how little it would take to produce such an item I 'm sure . But it does exactly what it says , feels durable , and is comfortable to use . Easily a 4/5 .
 I have had 2 of these . One for ergonomic reasons at work for my Dell laptop and now for home with my Macbook . At work , I primarily used it on the desk . It provided the perfect cushion at my wrists , supported my arms at the right height , and raised it enough to keep my neck from straining looking down . The only issue I had was the pad would come off in transporting it . This was the first one I used . For my Macbook , it is used primarily on my lap in bed or on the couch and it provides perfect stability at any angle and keeps it off the linens which allows it to stay cool . I pack the stand in my bag with the laptop to take wherever I go . It is light and worth the transport . They have fixed the issue with the pad coming off and so this product is perfect in my opinion .
 I purchased this i lap for my son who is 6 ' 2 and computer rigger for animation . Uses computer all day longand he was so happy . i lap takes abuse of putting down , falls , it dose not get hot for him . comfortable for big guy . For him to continue to use it is victory . We are pleased , i will be purchasing additional ones for my other 2 children .
 I started out with all kinds of superlatives , instead of expletives , simply because this laptop stand is not only well-designed , but also well-rendered in Form & Function . This is my 3rd product that I have purchased from Rain Design , and those Folks deserve nothing but Kudo 's ! * Use mine primarily for my WorkStation 's , so I ca n't report my experience of ever using it on my lap . * I 've had to Adjust my Computer Chair 's so that my eyes are mid-point on my Laptop Screens and just off-set to the left , so you might need to do the same , once you set your laptop on it . * The Aluminum body is cut from one piece , and integrates well with my all Aluminum 15-inch MacBook Pro . Commercial-Grade Aluminum metal is a great Heat conductor and Functionally Strong , which is why it is used quite extensively in Aircraft & Auto Industry . * The iLap for my 15-inch MacBook Pro has never Rusted , Peeled , Cracked , or Faded . The Pads , which I have only used the back one , is exactly in the same New shape as when bought new and EZ to Clean ! * Highly Recommended and Well-worth the price !
 This is a great little platform for my Macbook Pro 13 '' laptop . Would have given it 5 stars , except that the cushion on the front has a tendency to come off . Makes it easy to use my computer while sitting on the couch , or at a table , or in bed . Overall , a good item .
 This iLap is pretty sturdy and great . I got it to go with my 13 '' MacBook , which I thought was getting too hot just sitting on my lap or bed . The iLap makes it comfortable with the cushions , and removes the heat from my lap . I think my laptop is about the same temperature -LRB- no removing of ITS heat , but the alumninum does n't get hot , so there 's no additional heat being added into the equation.Overall , great ! The cushion at the wrist is also easily removable , and has a strip of velcro to keep it attached to the iLap for when you want it on.Great purchase in my opinion .
 I LOVE the iLap ! This is a geat product that does everything it claims . I originally bought my MacBook to free myself from my desk -- but often found while lounging with my new laptop , in bed or on the couch , that discomfort in typing at weird angles , or the heat from the bottom of the computer , made it all less than desirable ... The iLap has solved all this . It makes typying in odd postions much easier , makes the screen much more ergonomically comfortale to view , and the heat from the botom of the MacBook is not longer any issue at all ; in fact the computer seems to run about 8F cooler due to the iLap ... ! It looks cool too ! While it may seem pricey , I have been quite pleased and HIGHLY recommend this product !
 I got this item with reservations . Can it really be worth this much ? Yes , definately ! It is sooooo comfortable to use on your lap , on your desk ... wherever . I do n't know how I got along without it . Of course , Amazon had the best price but on the dark side by the time I paid the shipping -LRB- over $ 10.00 -RRB- I could have gotten it anywhere for the same price . Great Product !
 Actually this will work with any Macbook . I bought the 13 '' model for my MaBookPro and it has the same brushed aluminum finish . MacBook Pros run hot so it is a must for that reason alone -LRB- unless you live in Antartica -RRB- . The air gap is sufficient to allow for more than adequate convection cooling no fan required . It is of exceptional quality and the pads are very comfortable . An absolute necessity if you like to use a computer in bed but equally as useful on a desktop . Worth every penny .
 My Macbook is my first laptop purchased for personal use and the first thing that I noticed is that a laptop stand is a critical addition to your mobile tools . After some research , I noticed the iLap 13 inch laptop stand and decided to give it a try . I must say that I am thrilled ! This stand is the perfect size for the Macbook and fits very comfortably in my lap or on the table . The pads are detachable , but I have not felt a need to remove them . They just feel good for my working style.This stand is made of aluminum and is very light . It also shields your body from any heat that might come off your laptop . I highly recommend that you purchase this stand if you have a small laptop like the Macbook .
 My macbook gets uncomfortable hot so this laptop stand solves that problem . I use it almost all the time , it is super light and helps positioning the computer better when using it on the bed . I highly recommend this item .
 I purchased this for my husband for Christmas . While his laptop is NOT a Mac , the iLAP fits his 15 inch perfectly . The laptop battery is quite large and I was concerned that the iLap would not fit properly . However , the foam cushions are removeable and allow for larger computers . I would highly recommend this product .
 I bought one of these for my iBook . No matter where I am or how I sit , this stand is comfortable and safely holds my iBook.Just bought a 15 '' one for my laptop PC .
 I have a gretting card program . I use this gretting card quite often , and find that it makes a great card .
 Like most kids , my children love stickers . I selected this product to create custom stickers , hoping that the stickers could also be removed easily . I am happy to report that this paper appears to work as described . I had no problems printing to this paper and then sticking and un-sticking the creations.Avery has some suggested crafts on its website , but nothing appealing to my children . But there are many ideas on the web . Another possibility is to let them design something on the computer or on paper and then scan it and print it out . I can imagine many other uses for this sticker paper . If they were less expensive , I would use them with my Amazon seller account and just print , stick , and ship . They would also make excellent labels for homebrewing.It would be nice to have a choice of colors , glossy and luster finishes , and finer scoring on the back for smaller stickers . I just wish there were more sheets in the pack !
 We love making cards in our family , especially our kids , and these stickers really add to our creativity . We had so much fun taking pictures and then printing them out on this sticker paper and using them on the front of cards , inside cards , and making bookmarks or other fun surprises - we 'd stick them on notebooks , or on various objects without someone knowing ... it was a great way to make someone smile unexpectedly by seeing a picture from a fun day or silly moment.As others have pointed out , they are great for making labels for personalized gifts . Sometimes when we buy stickers , the ones we find in stores are not quite right - they may have a sports logo but it 's either too big or too small , or an animal or image we 're looking for is n't just right . These allow us to print whatever we want.Oh - our current printer is a fairly inexpensive all-in-one Brother and the stickers print fine and the paper quality is great . No idea about fading and how long they 'll last but I will be using another reviewer 's tip and coating my stickers that have family pictures !
 Avery Sticker Project Paper , White is one of those things you didnt know you needed until you got it . I 've had these for a couple of weeks and have already used them several times . I made a set of color coded stickers for cables and jacks that made movine a home entertainment center much easier . We made some baked gifts this fall and used these for customized labels for the packages , which led to the idea of customized name stickers for Christmas gifts . These are great . My only fear is that I wont be able to keep up with the sticker and printer ink bills .
 Very easy to use and can be used for numerous customized projects
 This is esentially a full page label that you can use for ANYTHING your creativity can imagine . Let 's say you were making jars of layered cookie or brownie mix for Christmas gift giving . You could print a fancy label with the instructions and ingredients to go right on the jar and it will be both professional and handmade at the same time . You could print a bunch `` word art '' phrases and make your own scrapbooking stickers . The possibilities are endless . The only thing is -LRB- obviously -RRB- you 'll have to cut around the edges of your label after you print it and then you may have a small bit of struggle to get it peeled off the backing but a little patience will get you through this . The labels are repositionable if you do n't get it on straight the first time but I expect they will become permenant eventually if left in place .
 Basically you buy a pack of 15 sticker sheets . The sheets are uncut and 8.5 by 11 . They fit into any printer and you can download templates or use your own . You can print any kind of sticker , graphic , picture , text from Word -- anything goes , then you cut out your graphic in the shape you want and you have a custom sticker . The possibilities are endless.The Sticker Project Paper would be especially fun with kids , allowing them to pick a graphic then print them a sticker . They can print one sticker or a page of stickers . I love easy projects like this for kids . I would recommend this product and especially use it this time of year .
 Nice sticker paper that prints well . I used this with Borderbund Print Shop and was able to make labels for some Christmas gifts and to use on packages . I love stickers . Comes with ideas for their use . GREAT for kids -- I 'm going to have my friend 's daughter make some for her birthday treat bags . She can put her friend 's names on each and print some out to put inside !
 Love this sticker paper . Print what you like , adhere and bam , you 're done . There are a lot of uses here . Off the top of my head , I 'll use this for : Jar labels `` Reward '' stickers for good schoolworkGift tagsCraft projectsReturn address tagsStorage bin labelsBinder labelsName tagsThe solid sheets give you all the flexibility you need for custom shapes and sizes . Plus , the labels have a removable adhesive , something I consider a plus . Recommended .
 These are fantastic ! So cool . The kids love them . I ordered them for my grandchildren . The four-year-old loves to print off the computer and these are wonderful . Avery has awesome products . Never any complains , but I think these are more clever than most . Highly recommended .
 My daughter has had a blast playing with making her own stickers with this set . Like other reviewers , we find it fun to be able to be totally creative and not confined to a boring square or rectangle . I definitely would reorder !
 Avery is the gold standard in Labels . Their product lines continue to expand with more and more specialized labeling projects . In addition to the specialized and flexible labeling products they do an excellent job of providing online templates to make the use of their product easy , clean and professional in appearance.These labels are no exception to that general rule . My use of the labels was as expected with no wasted efforts or labels trying to align the final printing .5 stars , bart breen
 Do you like to make labels ? Then you will love this . Essentially it is a sheet of label paper that allows one to make a label of any size . What is especially great about this is it is on acid free paper , so it can be used on card stock and scrapbooking . A wonderful product for the crafting .
 What a great idea , and it works well too ! You basically get plain sticker sheets of paper , that I fed into my printer to get printed designs , that I then cut out.I found just the thing to use these on - to put cute stickers on a cabinet with clear doors - to hide the mountain of medicine , vitamins , etc on it 's shelves from plain view . Worked extremely well !
 I use these to make customized labels or jars or storage boxes , and when my kids are lucky we use them for special art projects . We can make special stickers for my boys that combine their names and interests -- very customized to them , which is a real treat for them . They can also be used for special , unique gift tags , which really put that special `` something '' onto a gift .
 The project paper kit is simply 8.5 x 11 inch sheets of paper with a sticky back . They are whole sheets that you put into your printer and create whatever sort of sticker you want . After creating and printing , you just cut out the sticker you created . There is no template or special software needed as it 's just normal paper with glue underneath . I used `` Drawing '' from OpenOffice to create my stickers , and it worked fine.It 's a good concept , and cheap and easy way to organize your stuff in a funner way . The stickers are pretty sticky , but do n't feel like they will permanently stick . I have been able to apply and remove stickers from plastic jars with ease.I recommend this kit if you are into crafts .
 This is basically a giant blank sticker sheet which permits you to print any shape that you like ; you just need to cut it out yourself . The fact that it 's repositionable is a gigantic plus . The software is fun too .
 Based on the picture I thought this would be a package of various cut outs so I could make an assortment of great looking stickers/labels . Imagine my chagrin when I discovered that all I had were sheets of solid sticker paper . No cut outs at all . I was n't sure what to do . I read the insert about either using my own software or going to the Avery website . I went to Avery thinking I 'd get some great ideas . I had to register so I did . That 's as far as I ever got . I kept getting an error that there was something wrong with the Avery website . I gave up at that & decided to wing it with my own software.In the end it worked out well . I used the software that comes with Windows . Because there is no precut size , I could make these to the exact size I needed ! It took me a while to get it all figured out , but once I got rolling it was smooth sailing from then on ! Overall I am pleased with the results.I gave the product 4 stars because I could n't get anything from the website when I needed it . I feel the artwork was a little misleading though I will take blame for not paying attention . I had to hand cut out the labels . Since I am no machine , I can not get the cut perfect . I guess that adds to the handmade charm . Obviously these are not major issues . I 'd give these a 4.5 rating if I could.The odds are pretty darn good that I will buy this again in the future . Avery came out with some cut outs for labels for all us hand crafting folks . I was excited until I checked the measurements -LRB- I learned my lesson & paid a tad more attention this time -RRB- & discovered that they will not work with the current size containers I 'm using for my products . So it looks like hand cutting my own will have to do !
 Avery Sticker Paper is always found stocked in my office . It works like computer paper . You can print anything you want to stick on the paper and you are good to go . I have used this to label my kids drawers with both a picture of the item I want in the drawer as well as the word . I have used the paper for several crafts . Most recently I made a word muncher -LRB- classroom project -RRB- . I printed the eyes , mouth , and belly out on the paper and stuck it on to a garbage can to make the can come alive and munch on words . I have used it at birthday parties to personalize party favor bags with the child 's name and an appropriate thematic picture to match . Another use was for pin the wand on the Princess game . I printed wands with each party goers name on the wand and I could easily have the children stick their sticker when it was their turn . The ideas are endless and the product works like a dream . You ca n't go wrong and it is good to have on hand when an idea strikes you !!!
 I am a big fan of Avery products , having used different products by them for over 15 years in business and home use . This sticker project paper is GREAT ! You can print virtually anything on them , peel and crack the back , place them wherever and they are TOTALLY re-positionable ! I have made bookplates to cover ex-library book stickers/writings and this sticker paper is nice and thick so that you can cover anything that you want to cover up.Avery also has an awesome and extensive website with all kinds of free software , directions , templates and great ideas to make your crafting ideas come to life.All in all another great product from a very reliable company!Happy Crafting !
 I used this to decorate my nursery . It 's awesome & it still sticking on my wall .
 I use this product to make stickers of photos for my sons ' babybooks . It is wonderful .
 Love this product . It allows me to make my own stickers for scrapbooks , etc. .
 Very nice for crafters . The paper is heavy enough to work well on most surfaces , and colors print beautifully on it . You can use your favorite craft punches with it . I only had a problem with 1 of about 30 punches I made , and on that one , the paper punched fine , the slick backing was a little ragged.The adhesion is fairly strong . Stronger than a lot of the repositionable products I 've tried . It does reposition just fine , but it 's also not going to peel up as easily as some of them can . It will stay where you put it until you want to move it.I sealed my images with a clear gloss acrylic sealer and it did n't make the paper translucent or affect the stickiness.The backing is slit to make it easier to pull off . This did n't have any effect on printing . Since it 's slit on the diagonal and well spaced , a lot of my designs fall between slits . I was able to remove the backing easily with my fingernail where it was n't slit.Very fun product . I used it to make a custom sticker for a Nintendo DS , cut to the shape of the top of it . I 'm looking forward to doing more cheap , easily changeable stickers for electronics !
 These Avery INK JET ` Make your own ' Sticker Project paper is great - 15 sheets at the price is reasonable , but the best part is you can create your own customized photo or word stickers on this paper - then you simply use these in your creative scrapbooking pages , OR you can pick up some Krylon finishing spray at your local arts & crafts store -LRB- I like the matte finish , acid free spray , I pick it up at Michaels for about $ 7 -RRB- . A quick spray of these outside , a bit of dry time , and then you have wonderful no-smudge stickers that you made at home ! I would definitely recommend these useful , great sticker project paper labels from Avery !
 I buy these labels all the time to print out stickers that I punch out with a 2-inch hole punch . The paper is good quality . I use a laser printer and they print out perfect . I took off one star because some pages have a slight crease in them from the cut strips in the back . I wish they were less expensive though . I feel they are expensive for the number of sheets you get . But overall , they are great .
 This stuff is great ! We 've used it to make tags for gifts , labels for shipping , and more . It 's easy to use and does n't jam the printer . Just design , print , trim to size , and stick !
 Works great in my printer , had no issues . My only complaint is that it only comes with 15 sheets . So if you make a mistake , or wish you had printed it in `` best '' format , you have to throw the whole thing away and now you are down to 14 sheets ! I used it for making a half-sheet label , which was easy with the templates on avery.com . Overall , no complaints .
 I did n't really have any idea what I was going to use these stickers for when I got them , I just knew that eventually I was going to use them.I paint and exhibit miniature horse sculptures , so gun cases are a must when transporting them . The only problem comes when I have to figure out which horse is in which gun case . Then it hit me ! The Avery Stickers ! I printed out a half page photo of each horse on the stickers and affixed those stickers to each gun case . They 've now been on the gun cases for over a month and not a single one has started to pull away from the plastic . The adherence is wonderful and the color is excellent . They 're easy to cut apart using scissors , as the scissors never slide over the stickers like they would if it were a slippery paper . The backing is easy to remove and once they 're stuck , they 're stuck!I would only have liked to have seen something a little more waterproof that would n't run when getting wet . Other than that , these things are great !
 These are great if you need a sticker in an unconventional size or shape . You print what you want or need to be a sticker and cut it out into the shape you desire . It is nice that these are repositionable -LRB- Just in case you do n't get it in the right spot the first time . -RRB- I also thought the wall sticker idea another reviewer had was a great use of these .
 These sticker pages are great ! I can make a photo montage using my photo software and cut the pictures apart . That makes it perfect for using photos in my scrapbooks but not having to put my actual paper pictures in there ! I love this ! Easy and not expensive to buy when I run out of my supply . : - -RRB-
 I love Avery labels ! Their free templates are easy to find and download . The labels print flawlessly every time . And they are durable . I really ca n't say enough about these terrific time savers . I design my own return address labels with a family portrait on them , I print out address labels for my holiday cards , and I print larger labels for packages , all with ease ! If you are looking for high quality labels that wo n't let you down , Avery is the way to go ... About these larger labels , they are terrific for school projects , for gifts -LRB- make your own name labels , or customize things that you give people -RRB- , and for printing photo stickers of any size . But they are not shirt transfer labels or water proof -LRB- as the picture made me think they were -RRB- .
 Great quality and easy to use . My Inkjet colors did n't smear . Crack and peel back is very useful . Perfect for DIY projects .
 I was looking for an easy-to-remove but sturdy sticker to use in my mate 's vending machine business when I found Avery 's Sticker Project Paper . Previously , we 'd used rectangular or circular stickers that left no room for creativity , so our attempts to draw the eye looked like pre-made `` New ! '' stickers you see in grocery stores . Ho-hum . With these full-sized sheets , I 'm able to create my own shapes and sizes . Avery.com supplies free templates , or you can use your own art . I 'm very pleased with the quality and the ease of repositioning and removal . People are noticing , and that 's good for business .
 I use these sticker papers and wrap them around glass mason jars to decorate homemade cookies . It 's so convenient to print and go , but do n't get this wet . The ink will run if wet .
 Nice quality stuff , with a convenient crack & peel back . Standard quality heavy paper -LRB- nothing special , but nice enough -RRB- , sticker is full sized sheet . Prints nicely without jamming . My only complaint is that the crack and peel is rather widely spaced , so if you 're making smaller stickers , you can easily get something that does n't have a break across the back , making it difficult to remove from the backing paper . It 's heavy enough that it 's not a terrible problem , and I suspect it 's somewhat necessary to prevent jamming , so I only took off one star . The paper also sheds toner a bit if it 's bent/rubbed much , but it 's designed for inkjets , not laser , so I 'm not deducting any stars for that , but I 'm including the note for those using laser printers . Great sticky adhesive .
 These are perfect for homemade gifts . The labels run through my printer with ease . The printing is picture perfect and they stick to every surface I 've used so far . A must have for all project people and those that like to use stickers to organize closets , drawers and offices .
 The possibilities here are limited only by your imagination . I am currently using these to make cute stickers for my homemade jams , jellies , vinegars , and limoncello to give as Christmas gifts . I can just print them up and cut them out at will , as many as I need , and it 's very easy to peel and stick - and if it 's not just right the first time , you can reposition them too ! Well thought out product , THANKS Avery , you 've done it again .
 This is just the thing I was looking for ! I needed some paper to create labels for my business and these worked perfectly . THey printed very nicely on my inkjet printer and did not smear . I also like the fact that they are removable if I need to adjust them on a package . I 'll be adding these to my faves and buying more . After being frustrated with other paper and labels I was really happy to finally find a product that works !
 Avery makes a pretty wide selection of sizes for address labels and the like . If none of the precut sizes work for you , this is a good choice . I could n't find anything wrong with it for what it is , other than the price seems a bit high . They even put slits in the release liner to make the stickers easier to peel off since the paper goes right to the edge .
 My daughter used these to make stickers for her class . They were a big hit ! Worked very well in our inkjet printer at home -LRB- though Office Depot refuses to run sticker paper through their own copiers -RRB- .
 Works great . I use them as package labels , to save on tape . Good quality , sticks well . I run them through my canonpixma pro printer when I want to use them as labels . I 'm pleased with the quality !
 It may be obvious , but these are not water resistant at all . Inkjet printing looks great on this matte surface , but you ca n't get it wet ... so the stickers are for indoor use only .
 After looking at the cost of commercial wall stickers , we bought this sticker paper and printed our own while re-doing my daughter 's room . The stickers adhere well , but are reposition-able , at least a couple of times . They were perfect for the job at a fraction of the price .
 Essential for any oddball projects that may require stickers . Unfortunately this item is difficult to find in stores like Office Max , WalMart and Staples . I had to order it here on Amazon . A bit pricey for what you get but when you need to create your own stickers , there 's nothing better .
 These stickers work great for making stickers in your own personalized shapes that you can not get from the standard rectangular size . I make labels for jars of goodies I give to people on special occasions .
 I really love these sticker sheets . What makes them great is that you can stick and remove with no problem . Previously , I was using shipping labels to print and place on items like glass and plastic . When you try to remove the printed label from the glass or plastic it was really hard and you would need some windex or alcohol to try and get the residue off . With these you can place them on practically anything and they will stick . If you need to remove them they are really easy to come off with no problem . No residue behind or anything . The last project we did was making custom labels for a wine bottle . Everything was printed and placed on the bottles . At the last minute we had to change to date on the labels . Luckily they were easy to take off . I can imagine the trouble I would have gone with shipping labels . Although the shipping labels are much cheaper and are like stickers , they are more permanent on whatever you place them . These special sticker papers are more thicker and are re positionable .
 This is essentially a sheet of label paper . The entire 8.5 by 11 '' sheet is one giant sticker with the texture of Avery 's normal shipping labels . It takes ink extremely well , and my printed projects looked crisp and sharp.For my first project , I used Word and added photos and text boxes to create a set of six individual labels . I cut them out myself and stuck them on and they looked great on my bottles of homemade liquor.I might prefer it if there were an edge to this paper that made it easier to peel the sticker off the backing , at least around the sides . I found that I scruffled up the corner of my labels a tiny bit when trying to unstick them from the backing , but it did smooth out easily on my project.If you want to make custom gift labels , photo stickers , or decorate kids ' binders and things , this would be enormous fun . You could also stick the paper onto those floppy sheets of magnet they sell at office stores to make your own gifts of photo magnets or magnets drawn by kids . I 've been wishing to find something like this for years .
 I got these labels with a specific purpose in mind . I am making hot sauce and beer for Christmas presents this year , and I needed to make custom-sized labels for the bottles . These work perfectly for my needs.Color , B&W ; , Laser , Inkjet ... it does n't matter ! These labels hold the ink very well . They are n't glossy , so do n't expect a perfect outcome if you try printing high-resolution photos on them . The adhesive is sticky enough to make sure the label stays on , but you could still peel these labels off a glass bottle without tearing it . I 'm not sure if that 's a good thing or a bad thing , it just depends on your needs.I also wish the pack contained more than just 15 sheets , because it starts getting pretty expensive if you need to buy 3 or 4 packs.Overall , Avery makes another winning label product !
 I think this is one of the greatest inventions . The quality is great and you can make anything you want into stickers of your own
 I got exactly what I needed and asked for and at the right price and in a timely fashion . perfect !
 We needed to make stickers for various gifts and to stick to my wife 's notebooks so we got this . We really loved how easy was to print them . Very good product .
 The item arrived with no fuss , no bends , no tears , no rips . perfect purchase deal and im once again , a happy camper ! thank you .
 This paper works fine for making any size label or sticker . The adhesive is good and it prints well . I wold have preferred a more glossy finish . To make it waterproof you have to use a spray sealer . It is not the best value for the money .
 If you want to make custom stickers , this is the paper for you . If you want to make cool decorations for a kids party , this is the paper for you . I only wish is had a few more score lines on the back . Sometimes , when I cut out smaller images from the paper , there are none on the back and then its a real pain to peel .
 Avery Sticker Project Paper SheetsThese sheets fed without problems in my inkjet printers , but the sticker sheets are not glossy and feel `` homemade '' when you print documents . With a laser printer , the images will look better . The adhesive is n't the strongest , as my stickers had trouble sticking onto curved metallic surfaces - but they are reusable to a certain extent . I 'd recommend using something to cover the image , like a transparent laminated sheet to protect it from fluids or wear/tear . Overall
 Like the other reviews , if the surface is slick like glass or even the surface of duct tape they work fine . If the surface has any stippeling or uneveness like wood forget it . Also test any surface protectant or sealer on a test page first . The hardest time I had was to find one that did n't soak through and ruin the stickyness of the paper .
 This product is extremely hard to find , but worth the search . This paper will enable the amateur card designer to create very professional-looking results using a home inkjet printer -LRB- not recommended for Cannon -RRB- and any simple graphics application -- or scanner.Relative to the other Avery inkjet card papers , this is expensive , but the foil effect is very good . The only problem is finding it in any supply .
 I have bought this type of paper in the past from Avery and have always loved the way my cards looked . For reasons unknown , this last package of paper does n't seem to have that nice foil look to it . I do n't think it is my printer because I have made a few cards using the paper from last year and the pictures are much shinier .
 I purchased these when they first came out because I figured it would n't be too long before they would be discontinued . Well , they have been and I did a long search until I found a couple on Amazon . The colors are bright and metallic -LRB- obviously -RRB- and provide the closest colors to &#34; real &#34; gold , silver and copper . A great idea for children 's birthday cards.One caution
 My order arrived in very good shape , nicely packed and on time.My only problem is I would like to purchase some more of this paper -LRB- 3382 -RRB- but ca n't seem to find out who has it.can you help me ? thank you Joyce
 This iron-on printable fabric gave me bright colors and clear lettering through my HP inkjet printer . It 's easy to use and fused quite well on my item . I used it for a quilt label . I recommend against this application unless it is an item that wo n't be washed , since it requires hand washing . It was very hard to stitch through -LRB- I placed it in the corner and the binding folded over it -RRB- , so when using again I will be careful to locate it where I do n't have to stitch through it . It would likely work well for tote bags or a wall-hanging that would require neither stitching through nor washing .
 I really love this printable fabric . It runs through the printer just like regular paper and the output looks great . The fabric texture is nice , slightly rough and what you 'd expect `` printable fabric '' to be . The printouts look great , not quite as `` snappy '' as matte photo paper but definitely better than regular printer paper.Another reviewer said they could n't tell which side to print on . One side looks and feels like fabric , the other is slick and appears more `` plastic-y '' like it 's got a coat of adhesive . Obviously you should print on the fabric side.The big downside is the cost of this stuff -- $ 3 a sheet . I would highly recommend doing a mock-up with regular printer paper and Scotch tape before printing on the fabric .
 I 'm a big fan of Avery products and this is no exception . I have used the light and dark Tshirt transfers for lots of things besides Tshirts so had no trouble coming up with great stuff to do with these . I like to personalize things for myself and gifts and I like to make distictive bags that readily identify what the contents are and who they belong to , so this was a terrific product to work with . I ended up creating a whole `` line '' of handy items with pictures of my grandson.Of course a tote bage is the classic trial project so that was first . What I really liked was that I could make a canvas print bag and then use this to make a photograph decor pocket . Some other suggestions ; a cover for my Kindle , book covers , cobbler style apron , decorative pillow covers for the couch , a padded bag for my TomTom , ... . time to buy some more of these . Next up is to sew some pics on a pair of sneakers ! Oh , and a soft book of family faces for a new grandbaby.I 've used printable fabric before and learned how to make muslin prints with an inkjet printer from my mom , an avid quilter , many years ago . The Avery brand gives the best overall results.Plan for photos with a slightly soft focus -LRB- do n't try this technique with really small portraits or other content where sharpness is critical as the weave of the cloth wo n't give you an ultra sharp print -RRB- and do n't use it on items that are laundered often if you want a long term result . Try using embroidery or fabric paint on edges to add texture and to help keep the edges secured . After heat curing , wait a few extra days , then spray with a stainguard so you can wipe off dirt and grime.What are you waiting for ? Come on , try it -- you 'll be limited only by your imagination .
 I have used the paper transfers for tee shirts before with good results . I can honestly say I now prefer the cloth sheets . I have taken pictures of some of my favorite Russian nesting Dolls and now printed them onto the Matte side of the fabric . Now I just trimmed them right up to the edge . I then iron them onto a tote bag that I also made and I have a unique one of a kind bag that says a bit about who I am.Next project I purchased a fabric covered storage box . I have taken pictures of my neighbor 's little girl and some of her favorite things . I am going to place them on it for a toy storage box for her room . It will be a great birthday present . I will also have time to let it sit in storage for 5 months and see if the iron on pictures peel . If they do I will come back and let you know.If you love to personalize crafts like I do this is a quick easy and affordable way to make very nice home decor , clothing or gift items . Have Fun .
 I have used this product many times before & have always been pleased . The price was the best around .
 This works best for things like tote bags , which is probably why they show on the front of the package . The fabric is not something you would want to wear or put on anything that touches your skin or that needs washing . It feels kind of like thick , rough cotton paper . The package says it can be used for things like pillow cases and aprons , but that it needs to be hand washed . Definitely use it for a tote bag instead.It has printed without major problems and looks good .
 Bought three packs of this fabulous new product and love it . It prints photos on my ink jet printer with the best detail and color rendition I 've ever seen . Goodbye to transfer papers . This adheres to fabric better than the transfer paper did and no lifting the photo and praying the transfer does n't tear off or lift the design . I 'm making a quilt with my photos and getting almost photo perfect results . It 's also washable , and you can iron right on top of the design without any damage to color or detail . I 've waited a long time for this good a way to use my photos in a quilt .
 I made a piece with both text and an batik-like background . I wanted it to look like it was done on a canvas -LRB- not printed out on a piece of paper -RRB- . The fabric paper was as easy as printing on paper . It was flawless . The text was as crisp as I could have wanted . The colors and design were reproduced well . It did look very much like a fine-grained canvas ; one would n't think `` t-shirt material '' . Neither would one think `` paper '' . The piece is mounted , and so I did not use the iron-on adhesive on the back . Also , I did not intend to use this on clothing or a pillow , so I can not speak to whether it is soft enough for that . It is flexible like fabric , but fairly stiff in order to print . It certainly does not have the drape associated with clothing fabric and may be too stiff if the entire sheet is used , unless is softens when the iron-on adhesive is activated.All in all , it is exactly what I wanted and I will order this again if I am making a canvas-like print .
 Awesome product . As expected and easy to use.Just wish it wasnt so far away for me to buy and didnt cost so much.Fast delivery too - BONUS !
 This by far surpasses any transfer paper on todays market ! Once sewn onto something they can even be washed numerous times without fading !
 This is the first printable fabric I 've used . However , it seems to work just as advertised . The fabric is a standard size -LRB- 8.5 x 11 in -RRB- of paper and fits into both of our inkjet printers -LRB- HP and Canon -RRB- . The fabric takes color very well . There is really no loss of color perception AND even better the color does n't bleed.It seems that the iron transfer should work too . This has yet to be tested , as I am finding 5 `` worthy '' projects to use the paper prior to doing all the transfer work . I will update that part after I do the transfers.Overall though , my biggest concern was the colorfastness and any potential bleeding -- both would ruin the use of this fabric . If the iron transfer works half-way decent , the transfer should be able to be sewn into whatever I 'm choosing to make.Hope this helps you crafty people with your projects .
 This is an OK item . But honestly - I prefer to go to Kinkos and get images put on the fabric - much better quality !
 I have seen printable fabric for inkjet printers for several years now but did n't think it would print a good picture or would ruin my printer , but decided to print a picture of my granddaughter playing soccer . It turned out beautiful and not only that but it fills the whole 8.5 x 11 sheet to the edges ! My printer prints vibrant colors and it would depend on your printer if you want to do it in color . I have n't tried it yet but a black and white picture would look awesome also ! After printing the picture onto the printable fabric the possibilities would be endless of how you use it ! It can be put on a white or co-ordinating colored pillow case , which is what I 'm going to do . Mod poding a picture onto something would also be fun to do . I love the Avery Printable Fabric and highly reccommend buying this product !
 I was pleasantly surprised by the vivid printing I get on this Avery fabric . I 've been a user of many different iron-on transfers , so I expected fabric to print somewhat similarly , which is usually less vibrant than on paper . This fabric holds ink just like paper . It 's very nice.Ironing on is simple , I just press and hold for five seconds . That 's so quick . I was able to print a bunch of labels on the fabric , cut them out and iron them onto my children 's clothing in minutes . Voila , the clothes are labeled . Hopefully , it will cut back on lost jackets and sweatshirts.The fabric texture is my only disappointment . It 's rather stiff -- not soft at all . That would make it a poor choice for something like a baby blanket .
 I finally got a chance to try this out today . I transferred a picture of one of my cats to the printable fabric and then ironed it on a shirt . The sheets are easy to use and the picture quality is not too bad considering the medium . The colors were pretty good . I think the quality of your printing is going to depend on the type of printer you have and the quality of the photo you are using . I can see this having some nice crafty uses .
 This works very well to transfer photos , designs , etc. to the cloth of your choice , but it is not very opaque , so it works best on very light colored fabrics .
 This is a far better product than iron-on transfers , and I like using it . Definitely recommended to personalize a craft project .
 Bought this for grandson as an activity and he loves it !
 Printable fabric sheets have been around for years , but improvements are being made every year . -LRB- There are STILL some really bad ones out there ... -RRB- Given the brand name recognition -LRB- Avery -RRB- and having had less than great results from similar products -LRB- I name only one below -RRB- , I HAD to check out Avery Personal Creations Printable Fabric.First Impressions :1 -RRB- The Product Itself
 I love being able to do different craft items with my kids and when I saw this product , it seemed like it had interesting potential . I had used printable iron-on transfers before , and while they were fine for limited use , they just did not have the look I would want for some item , like a tote bag or apron.This package is 5 sheets of printable cotton backed with heat seal fabric . The packaging says that you can sew this on also , but since I used the whole sheet at once , I did n't see that happening . I decided to try the transfer on a canvas tote bag . I made my photo full-sized , did a draft quality test print on paper , and decided that it looked good . I then printed the picture onto the transfer at a higher quality set at normal paper setting . When it came off of the printer , I was surprised at how nice my picture printed . It had the look of a canvas painting , giving it a little bit of softness and texture without sacrificing the sharpness of the photo . I was very happy . I let the page sit overnight because the directions were not clear about how long the drying time should be , though it did not appear that it would smudge , even fresh from the printer . When I was ready to apply the transfer , I trimmed the little bit of the edge that was not printed on with a scrapbooking trimmer , though scissors would work fine . I then cropped the corners to round them . No problems , it handled just like heavy paper . Finally , I laid the tote bag on my ironing board , centered the transfer on the bag , and ironed it -LRB- no steam , cotton setting -RRB- for a minute or so , though it only calls for five seconds . The adhesive set nicely with no glue leaking out of the sides and no lumpiness . The edges adhered well , with no lifting . My kids were amazed that I 'd made , not bought , the bag . We are very pleased with the results.I could picture using this on other items like a canvas apron , a canvas storage cube , or the insert says album covers , pillows , quilts , etc. . I would not be afraid to try this on a more meaningful project now that I saw how nice the results are and have a feel for the process . The directions say these are washable -LRB- you must wait 24 hours though -RRB- but you should apply to the surface before the surface has been washed . They recommend hand washing separately in cold water , no chlorine bleach , and lay flat to dry.I would recommend this for a fun project with very nice results . I got quality results with ease of use . I was very pleased and impressed even though I frequently do projects like this .
 I do n't think this has been mentioned yet , but this can be cut with punches.For me , the iron-on backing was a little off-putting until I realized that . Since I can use my circle hand punches with it , I 'm using it for ornaments as well as little circle patches to mend some of my dad 's jackets with and patches my teens can add to their backpacks . If you 're reasonably good in your graphics program , you can make all sorts of nifty designs to fit into your favorite punches . I do n't have a digital cutter , but if it works with punches , it would probably work well with die cutters and personal cutters as well.Color prints out well and brightly on it , and the package does suggest hand washing to keep the color well.As far as cost goes , 3 dollars a sheet is pricey , but for my uses , it 's really inexpensive . Buying patches to fix my dad 's jackets with can cost 2-3 dollars each for the small patches , and he 's very picky about what his jackets are patched with as far as design goes . With this I can make 10 2 inch patches and a whole bunch of 1 inch circle patches on one sheet . My 62 year old dad can have either the cool designs he likes for some jackets or I can do a close color match on others . So it 's pretty thrifty for that use.My teens like the idea of fandom or idea based patches for their bags and backpacks to personalize them.I 'm very happy with this product . Look at product images to see a patch I made using the punch method .
 I 'm an avid crafter and was excited to discover this awesome new product . I 've printed photos of my grandchildren and sewn them into pillows , carry-all bags and quilts . I also printed a favorite , inspirational poem onto this product and made a pillow for a good friend going through a hard time . She loves it . The project possibilities are as endless as your own wild imagination.I will most definitely be buying more Avery Printable Fabric and highly recommend it whether you 're an experienced crafter or a novice . It 's as easy as printing on paper !!
 I was really surprised with the finished product when using these sheets . The color looks great , it does not take long to dry after coming out of the printer and it seems to hold up well after applied to your project . You can do so much with these and cut the fabric in any shape or size that you can think of . You can use any graphic from your computer and the fabric can be applied to almost anything , so your possibilities are really endless - to a degree . My daughters are always coming up with new things to do with this fabric . They can make patches to put on shirts or hoodies , jeans , old bags , everything . They can pick out any design or picture from the internet or from pictures they have storedon their computer and just make all sorts of things . It is a great way to get mor elife out of an older shirt that may have gotten a small hole or tear in it . Just whip up a graphic patch and slap it on over top of the damage and all is well ! These are well worth the money when you think of how much you can do with a sheet .
 I love this Avery Printable Fabric for Inkjet Printers . The fabric , coated with a fusible backing attached to paper that allows it to run easily through your printer , is exceptionally easy to use . Images print out in vivid color and as sharp as can be . Even small type is readable and photographs come out crystal clear . After printing , one peels off the backing paper and irons the image onto whatever -- I have used it a lot on postcard-sized art quilts . The dye does not bleed even while you are heat setting it and the fusible bonds perfectly with your background fabric . This is one of the few printable fabric sheets that fuses well onto cotton -LRB- many transfers are designed for use with polyesters -RRB- and I have come to depend on it for many different applications . This is a great product -- affordable too -- and I hope they never stop making it .
 Like other reviewers mentioned , the Avery Printable Fabric would be best for certain applications . I would personally use it for aprons , tote bags , or a fabric wall hanging due to the thickness & firmness of the fabric . I used my Canon MG5220 to print on the fabric , the images came out crisp and clean looking .
 As many reviews have stated , this is a heavy material that would not work well if one wanted any kind of drape . The picture quality was excellent . I used it to print out old and current pictures of my family for a patchwork quilt that was a big hit . It would also be great for totes and aprons . Although I do n't have kids , I could see this as a project they would really enjoy as well .
 I found this fabric very easy to print on . The colors all showed up well ; the print was pretty crisp . Unfortunately , the printed fabric was very difficult to work with . It 's backed with a very heavy iron-on adhesive . For certain applications , this would be useful . For others , it 's a hindrance . A sewing machine needle has to really punch through . And the fabric is SO stiff that it 's very , very difficult to manipulate if you 're sewing a finished piece . Given the backing , I 'm really not sure why it would be better to print on this than to use an iron-on transfer , since its use seems effectively limited to items you 're adhering an image to after-the-fact .
 This is a fun craft item with loads of possibilities . I avoided projects that would require me to cut around the image . I made a small pillow using a full sheet and I covered a wooden box lid . For the box I cut to size -LRB- top only -RRB- and trimmed with cording to cover the edges rather than attempt to cover corners . Both projects turned out well and the fabric adheres well . Images are relatively clear but I would like for the colors to be crisper , however . They are also a bit pricey so I gave four rather than five stars because of these two things .
 I have printed several high resolution photos on this fabric using myCanon PIXMA MP495 Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-One -LRB- 4499B026 -RRB- printer.I have used all for pillowcases and so far the ink has stayed intact , it has n't become washed out by light and/or every day wear-and-tear . These are really easy to use - the hardest part is figuring out which side to put them in to your printer ! They iron on seamlessly.The only negative aspect of these sheets is the price . At about $ 3/sheet , it 's not something that 's affordable for every single craft project , every time .
 This is so easy to use . It printed up perfectly on my Epson Stylus Photo printer - very detailed and good quality print . Then ironing it on was a snap ! I made some personalized pillows and purses to give as gifts and I know the recipients are gon na LOVE them for Christmas ! It will be fun to see their faces when they recognize pictures of their pets and kids on their items . Ca n't wait !
 This printable fabric opens up a whole world of possible craft projects . The sheets themselves are standard 81/2 x 11 and feed right into your inkjet printer like any other sheet of paper . Then print your selected photo onto the sheet.The sheets are cotton cloth , with a heat -LRB- iron -RRB- activated adhesive on the reverse side . One of the things that started amazing the Mrs. and myself a few years ago was when home printers had the ability to print out photos that we found often superior in quality to what we could get from the local drop-off photo shop . For the convenience it would have been worth it if the prints were only AS good - but I digress . The pictures printed onto these sheets are every bit as good as what we get on photo paper , and that is plenty good.Once you have your photo on the sheet you have a choice - you could sew it on or use the iron-on quality of the adhesive back.Pros
 I used these to print out images onto fabric for some Christmas gifts I 'm making . The product allows you to sew the images on your item , or to iron them on . I personally used the sew on method , which worked very well and I got nice results . I have n't used the iron on method , so I ca n't really say how well that works . It 's fun to be able to print any image you want and to sew onto pillows , bags , shirts , etc. . You can get very creative with this stuff . I would buy again .
 I 've been using this printable fabric for years . My first project was a $ 4 denim tote bag -LRB- from Walmart -RRB- I would carry to my son 's high school football games . I printed a favorite team picture , cut it out , stitched around the edges and added football shaped buttons , ribbon in school colors , and wrote his jersey number using fabric paint on the opposite side . In his senior year , I made one for every senior mom.I 've also done several tote bags as late baby gifts after the baby was born and I 've had the opportunity to take my own pictures . I use a photo of the baby , sew on some cute buttons and ribbin trim , and then fill it with little things ; a diaper , toy , and pacifier . I figure it 's easier to use this tote for a quick trip to the store than a full diaper bag . I will be honest and add that I 've never washed anything I 've made using this fabric . I 've also not depended on the adhesive alone and always stitch around the edges.This is just a fun product and I 've enjoyed it very much over the years . I 've not had a dud in the bunch .
 If you enjoy fabric crafts this is a great product to try . The package comes with 5 sheets . It 's just like paper but it has an iron on backing . You can print any image right on to the paper . The paper glides easily through the printer . Just choose an image , print and iron on to your fabric . Great for a custom look tshirt . Instructions are clear and simple ! It 's a little pricey but a neat idea to try !
 I have to admit this item is a lot of fun to work with . There were 5 sheets in my package , I opened it today and I want more . It was easy to print and the image came out like it would on photo paper . There was no backing to peel off . The fabric did not fray when trimmed and could be cut easily with regular sewing scissors . It adhered very nicely when ironed on , in fact better than I expected . I have not tried to stitch through the fabric as it has adhered so nicely I am not sure I need to . I used the fabric image on a dark background , a somewhat bumpy canvas in fact , and did not have any issues with the color of the background fabric showing through the image nor did the image appear anything but smooth . It has a very nice weight to it and was easy to work with . A nice quality product . I ca n't wait to buy some more as I had such a wonderful time working with it on a canvas banner . It certainly saved me lots of time and effort.The instructions say the item can not be washed for 24 hours so the inks can set , this is standard for use of fabric markers as well so no surprise there . It recommends hand washing in cold water for best results . I have not tried washing the item yet but I suspect , like iron on t-shirts , that the image might crack and flake over time if cleaned by machine particularly if thrown in a hot dryer . For what I am using the product for it may be a long time before I find out the results from machine washing .
 This is a great product . The colors are clear , bright and crisp . It irons on easily - I cover it with parchment paper or a piece of muslin to be safe , but it is way more stable than any other transfer I have ever used , with no bubbling , no peeling , no gunk stuck to my iron . The `` hand '' is a little stiff , but not objectionable .
 My four-year-old daughter loves doing crafts and this looked like a good item for her to do with me . I did n't expect much in terms of printed quality bc it 's fabric.With the ability to cut , you wo n't need to have like unnecessary background on the pix . So , my daughter chose a pix of us and printed , and ironed-on the pix . Everythign step from printing to ironing on was pretty easy and simple . I 'm sure my daughter will think of many many different clothings to iron these sheets onto .
 I thought this was a neat idea , and looked forward to trying it out . I was a little disappointed by the brightness of the printouts . I guess it 's difficult to get really bright colors using a paper that is this porous . It is easy to use , cut and iron on . I would n't recommend using this on something that is going to be washed often , but it great for things like totes or hats or novelty items that wo n't be worn over and over again .
 My two boys -LRB- 2 and 3 -RRB- had so much fun with this toy ! They normally do not enjoy long walks , but with this toy they just kept running for long long time .
 My son -LRB- fifteen months old -RRB- first encountered this toy in the toddler room at a local kids ' science museum a few days ago . Go Wheelie was his favorite part of the entire museum , hands down . My son has been interested in wheels for quite a while now and has a number of wheel type toys at home -LRB- trucks , xylophones , etc. that he flips over to spin the wheels ; a steering wheel ; a wheeled caterpillar ; even a book with moving wheels on the outside -RRB- . This toy is unique in that it has two types of wheels
 I bought three packs of these to work as gift recipe cards for the holidays and using MS Publisher . In Publisher 2007 it is a little tricky finding the place to put in the avery card code -LRB- 3380 -RRB- , but once you do it , these are a sheer delight to use . The texture is finer and nicer than the plain glossy cards and just feels more formal -- perfect for wedding `` save the date '' and `` RSVP '' cards ! In publisher , I did find my printer did not want to do two sided printing from the same document ; easily fixed by creating two files , one for each side , and then flipping the cards for each document . Just a quirk of 2 sided printing.This cards are EXACTLY standard USPS postcard size ; no extra postage to send one . Once you print your cards out on one or both sides , it 's very easy to separate them , even stacked four or five sheets at a time!These came out so well , I can not wait to mail them out as my creative holiday gift to my friends and family ! Great quality !
 I used these to make my `` enclosure '' cards for my wedding invitations . The matte finish makes them appear a little more professional , and the Microsoft Office add-in was easy to use to make sure I got the size right . They also included a `` sample '' page so you could do a test print without messing up any of your actual cards . Very easy to print duplex style , as well . These would be a great way to do RSVP `` postcards '' if you 'd like to - print the typical RSVP info on one side , then print your return information on the other , throw on a -LRB- cheaper -RRB- postcard stamp and off they go into the invitation !!
 These are great ! I make Word documents for postcards and simply print them . I have not had one problem with printing or separating the cards . I was worried the edges would look bad when split apart but they are clean cut and very easy to split into 4 . I will buy more in the future . Shipping did take a long time .
 I have worked with the Avery Personal Creations Textured Postcards , -LRB- 3380 -RRB- , and the quality is very high . I also like Avery 4 x 6 postcards , -LRB- 8386 -RRB- . Both of these Avery products are very good quality , and very campatible with my program for doing projects such as invitations , etc. .
 The paper is yummy to use for hand-made artwork . I have n't printed on it , but can attest tot he fact that it is wonderful for handmade art projects . Also it 's a lovely gift . If you add some other art-making items for an instant and non-intimidating art kit.Enjoy !
 These cards are great . I have used them for every occasion -LRB- birthdays , weddings , baby showers , Valentine 's Day -RRB- . They are always a hit . People love when they get a card that they know was made especially for them . My nieces look forward to the cards that they know they will get every year . They have become kind of a tradition in the family.Avery products are always reliable and easy to use . They offer an online design tool that does n't require any kind of download . If you want a little better selection of fonts and clip art there is also an add-in that you can get for MS Word . They are both relatively easy to use.I would highly recommend buying these if you enjoy being creative and have a lot of family . Buying cards can get expensive and there is always something special about getting something that was made just for you !
 I got these to actually make balloon tags . They was perfect for what I wanted ! I made 100 of them ca n't wait to see how many we get back .
 Textured and lovely . These really were just what I was hoping to find . They were simple to use , printed beautifully and the textured card stock is nice and sturdy .
 I 'm a painter who also creates cards of my work . I spent a whole month feeding various papers into my Epson Claria printer , and the results on these cards -LRB- on the Presentation Matte setting -RRB- were the best .
 I was so happy that my Uniden just needed batteries . They are awesome phones and the batteries were just the ticket . Worked great .
 The battery is smaller than the one it replaces so it rattles if you shake the phone but it works well and saved me the money of replacing thephone or paying close to $ 20.00 at Radio Shack for their battery .
 I absolutely love this calculator . I used to have the Ti83 silver but then I decided to upgrade . This calculator has more space and well , it 's pink . Not really a math person , everytime I walk into the math class room and take it out , it just brightens my mood . This calculator is easy to use , and very practical . You can use it for your highschool and college classes , and also for standardized test like the SATS . More memory is helpful because you can store more custom made applications . The silver edition lets you change faceplates as well so if you ever get tired of the pink , just pop it off and switch the plate . I love this calculator , and i guarentee you will be happy with your product .
 This is a great example of a product that only does one thing , and does it well . It is n't a PDA/cellphone/MP3 player hybrid whatchamacalit , it is a calculator . The screen is easy to see , and the contrast can be adjusted to improve visbility . The buttons are large . I rarely hit a button I was n't intending to.If you are thinking about upgrading from a TI-83 you definitely should . I am math tutor , so I am very familar with both models . The TI-84 is loaded with useful applications that ca n't be found on the 83 . For instance , the TI-84 has an application that allows you to graph and shade inequalities . It is a great application that makes it easy explain inequalities to students . You can also load flashcards on it with simple graphics , and even design quizes.I love the color . It is a nice soft pink that is very pretty . I 've seen the calculators that are all pink and I think they are ugly . The all pink calculators are a dark purpely hot pink that is just glaring and ugly . The combination of soft pink and grey on this calculator is much more feminine and stylish . The cover also has a neat retro design.At first I thought it seemed kind of spendy for a calculator , but I have been very happy with this purchase.A word of warning to math students . Do n't just assume that any ole scientific calculator will do . If the instructors says to get a TI-83 / 84 they mean it . Other scientific calculators do n't have the same functionality and it can really put the student at a disadvantage . You can use EITHER the TI-83 or TI-84 , but it needs to be one of those , and the TI-84 is worth the investment .
 This is my first TI . It has been easy to learn . I am also fortunate that my math book provides instructions on how to use it for different problems and graphs ! I have no complaints and if I did it would be because I do n't know how to use all of the features !
 I love the TI-84 pink graphing calculator . It 's my first graphing calaculator and it 's really easy to figure out . And if you ever get confused there 's a manual that shows you step by step how to solve specific types of problems . Just to clarify the whole calculator is not pink . The shell around the keys is pink and the case has a really cute pink design . You can slide the case under the calculator to show off the pink cuteness . I 'm in a college prep Trig/Precal class and the graphing calculator has met all of my needs . I 'm also in an honors chemistry class and it has been very helpful because it has a periodic table and other helpful tools . My calculator arrived promptly and in the condition described by the seller . A must have for anyone that wants to learn and be stylish at the same time . Sometimes teachers act like you do n't need one but you do , and the sooner you get it the more use you will get out of it.P.S The calculator has games in it too , so if you ever get bored in class you can start playing , and it appears like our working hard lol !
 Texas Instruments always makes a good product . This purchase came down to color . Apparently its a good theft-deterrent to choose a bright color that is unusual , instead of the basic black or gray so that it does n't blend in , so less chance of being stolen .
 I purchased this as a gift for my daughter , a college student.She says it does everything as advertised.The price was better than the local brick & mortar stores and delivery was prompt .
 The best calculator I 've ever used!Very good for basically anyone grade 7 + Really great with the Mini-USB version because it makes transferring apps easier -LRB- and the plenty of ROM -RRB- . And if you have that much money to spend it is also a very good gaming console disguised in a calculator : -RRB-
 I can barely divide three digit numbers - she 's the math wiz . My wife needed a plotting calc for school , and when I showed her this pink thing she said `` ooh , got ta have it ... please ? '' I bought it , she started using it , that 's that . She likes it . It 's `` cute '' . Gawd.A side note
 package arrived on time and packaged very well . the product was in great condition . Super pleased with product and the price .
 Met my daughters math class requirements and she loves this particular one as she is the only one with a pink calculator which all her friends seem to envy .
 Great ! I thought the calcolator would be light pink , like it was shown on the picture . But it 's a hot pink . Does n't really matter though .
 My daughter needed a graphing calculator and was THRILLED to get one in PINK ! Some of the kids in school have had problems with theft of these type of calculators ... my daughter is the ONLY one in her school with this model , so it would be very obvious if someone else started using it ! : -RRB-
 It took a few days after ordering for the item to be put in the mail even after an e-mail expressing urgency . The calculator is also not pink . That is not a huge issue , but when expecting the advertised pink calculator the normal one was a dissapointment.Thanks !
 I was extremely happy with the price and my daughter was extremely happy it was pink . Exactly what her teacher required them to have . Great service .
 I 'm very happy with this purchase . The calculator is very easy to handle , it has great graphics and functionalities.Thanks .
 Excellent calculator . Does everything and more . Very helpful for my son in highschool and beyond .
 Purchased this for my daughter who entered 9th grade . She loves it . Has NO problem using it at all . I guess when you 're raised on computers , one does n't have to purchase the `` Dummies '' book .
 I love this calculator ! It is very stylish and I get lots of compliments on it . It works well and comes with all necessary USB cords and software . Highly recommended .
 This hot pink calculator is soo cute - I even have boys telling me that it 's ` adorable ' ! How freaky is that?But really , this is a great useful calculator for Algebra and college level calc . Really great and very cute !
 I love it ! All the features I need , plus it 's super cute . I even dropped it once and there was no sign of any damage , not even a scratch .
 Does just what my high school student needs it to do ... and looks great at the same time ! -LRB- That 's important when you 're 15 !! -RRB-
 Love the calculator . It does everything I need for Algebra and hopefully beyond . Love the color , it does n't get lost in the crowd because no one else has it !
 This calculator arrived on time . It is exactly what I hoped it would be . It meets my needs in Algebra class and looks cool .
 Pink is a new favorite color and the product meets all the requirements my daughter has for middle school math .
 The calculator came on time and as described . My daughter is using it with no problems and loves the color . Thanks !
 A pink TI-84 for the girly high school student in your life !! Excellent product with advanced features that other models do n't have , the price is a bit high but a needed item for class and homework . This particular seller is stellar , the product arrived super fast , the packaging not damaged , just perfect !!
 I use this almost every day in my college Chemistry/biology labs and lectures . I never have the problem of losing it since it 's the only bright pink one I see , and it has helped me in the worst of times . I swear its my lucky charm on those Chem exams ! I 've left it on a few times for long periods accidentally and the battery has yet to run out . Great calc overall .
 I bought this for my daughter at WCU . She was glad it was the Plus Silver Edition . It gives her so many more functions and she loves that she can change the faceplate .
 This was for my daughter to use in college and the price was great as was the color . She was thrilled !
 my daughter want to be &#34; different &#34; from others , so she order a pink TI-84 Plus SE . it arrived on time ! just great !
 the pink looks too cuteeee ! It makes math too much fun , I love it . It works prefectly too ! : -RRB-
 Great product . Good price very happy with how fast I received . The pic on line was true to the product when I received .
 I personally do not use this calculator , but my daughter does and has had nothing negative to say about it . As far as the shipping , it was faster than quoted . I would definitely use this seller again .
 I needed to get a graphing calculator for college , and being in college I do n't have a lump sum to buy a brand new calculator at Target or Walmart , so I bought a used one on Amazon . It came in the mail extremely fast , and it 's in great condition . It did n't come with batteries , but it works great and it looks brand new , more than worth what I paid for .
 I needed a graphing calculator for my Intermediate Algebra class I 'm taking . All the ones that were at the store were boring colors so I decided to get one online so I could have a color of my choice . It 's much darker pink than the picture portrays , but still prettier than the ones in the store . : -RRB-
 This is my first Ti calculator !! I really love the collar and the calculator is same with the website picture !! This calculator is highly recommend by our school 's math teacher ! And the color is really for girl !! Because this calculator maybe I will love math moreeeee !! Lol !!
 My middle school daughter needed one of these calculators for school . I about passed out when I saw how much they were in stores . I was able to get a great deal on one here . It was listed as used but you would n't know it . It 's in perfect condition and it 's pink ! Although I am a little confused with this machine my 12yo daughter knew exactly how it worked ! Just what we were looking for . Shipping was fast too , less than a week .
 I needed this for my college algebra class and I like that is was pink :-RRB- nicer to look at than the silver !! Thanks ! fast shipping , personalized message from seller was nice , arrived in good time and packed welL !
 It 's a good calculator but i did n't get the pink one shown in the picture , i got a dark pink calculator . It 's not easy to use , you have to learn first , even tough it 's a cute calculator for women.Amazon should make clear that they wo n't deliver the bright pink shown .
 This is a great calculator , sure its hard to use , but that 's why you use it in college algebra classes when there is nothing more to teach you than how to do high school algebra on a complex calculator . Great construction and is much easier to use than earlier versions . The PLUS version is way better because all the software apps are already downloaded saving you aggrevation and time .
 It was William Howard Taft who served as chief justice of the Supreme Court , Warren G. Harding who was president during the Teapot Dome Scandal , and Ulysses S. Grant who grew up with the nickname ` Useless ' . All these facts , and more , are found in this Presidents
 My kids find the Fandex format easy to use , and the information on them accessible . We have several , and with the elections going on this past year they used this one the most.I like the fact that each president has a photo , as well as pertinent info
 A favored trivia source during our family vacation ; now lives at my so n't middle school where it 's still going strong after 6 months . Trees Fandex is breathtakinly beautiful
 Good information on all levels . Bought it for my kids , but we haved all enjoyed learning about the presidents in this type of format . We will definately be buying more in the future .
 I think this book is great , my 5 year old daughter now knows all of the presidents by name and number ! In fact I am buying another one beacause she has worn the one we have out , but insists that she needs one .
 Students love the Fandex ! I have used Fandex 's in US History Class for a long time and it inspires students to create their own Fandex style history projects .
 This is a great quick reference for kids to learn about the presidents . Unfortunately , by nature of the subject , it has to be updated every 4-8 yrs .
 I enjoy this for my classroom . My students are immigrants and they are fascinated by the United States and the Presidents . A kid years ago took my older fandex home and tried to memorize everything he could about the presidents . He loved it . With a poster in my room of the presidents and how often it is perused I suspect that students are going to use this for information frequently also . They love the one I have already of the 50 states . Great resource .
 We had a Clinton edition Presidents Fandex when my daughter was in grade school , and now her younger brother is in High School and is taking AP US History . The updated Obama edition is helping him memorize the presidents and dates for his class .
 Got this for my 8 year old daughter who has been very intested in Presidents since the elecetion . She loved it and my husband & I are enjoying reading it too !
 I love how this is such a groovy conversational piece as well as a great reference tool . During these political times , it 's really fun to cross reference the boiled down facts about a President from these cards , with the books , The Secret LivesSecret Lives of the U.S. Presidents , andSecret Lives of the First Ladies
 My grandson , Cody , had just written a report on Abraham Lincoln . He had gotten a small fandex from Chick Filet and wanted more , so ... to Amazon we went.He loves it . He had to take it to school and show it off he was so proud of it . These things are marvelous !
 My son , who is almost two years old , loves these things . We collected our deck from a Chick-fil-a promotion . One day he became interested in them . He pointed to each president and I told him the name . Soon he was bringing them to me at night to go through them at bedtime . Now he knows all of them ! Of course , he 'll probably forget them as time goes on , but it 's been neat to see his mind work . I wish they were a bit sturdier , but nothing paper really lasts with a two year old . At least I know I can order another set if I have to.I 've found them pretty interesting as well . My only -LRB- minor -RRB- complaint is that I 'd prefer the president 's bios to have more facts and real detail . Some of them have vague , meaningless sentences in the descriptions such as `` He always tried to do what was best for his country . ''
 I used these favors as part of a packet of patriotic theme items when the Railroad wives I was entertaining visited the Washington DC monuments and memorials as my guests . Of all the items in the `` goodie bag '' it got the most attention . Most said it had a nostalgic feel and also was helpful to them to have this information in such an attractive form . Some said they would share it with their children for their education ; but most valued it for their own use . This type of publication has a specific use and is not complete in its information content ; but is seems to be factual and not at all controversial or political . I recommend it highly .
 Unless you know the names , order and dates of all the Presidents , you will find this item very handy when reading , politics , history and novels.I find I am often wondering who was President at some period and want a thumb nail sketchabout them , without digging up information.You get dates of birth and death , party affiliation , date of Presidency , name of First Lady , names and dates of Vice-Presidents , a few pertinent facts about their life and presidency as well as a bit about the major events taking place at the time.Sure kids like it , but I keep it handy and often refer to it while reading.A couple of the reviewers have commented on the cards binding and falling apart , but I have n't seen that to be enough of a shortcoming to find it unacceptable .
 This is the second Panasonic phone I 've purchased . The quality is excellent . Like most digital answering systems , you can not fast forward or rewind the message ; you can only skip or replay from the beginning , so if someone is long winded , you are forced to listen to it.Although the unit is wall mountable , only the second handset can be with what is shipped . To mount the main unit to the wall , you must purchase the mount from a Panasonic parts vendor .
 The Panasonic TG5777BP is a great value and packed with features . This phone has features normally found in expensive cell phones ; color LCD display , speaker phone , custom ring-tones and wallpaper , phonebook , vocal caller ID , voice-mail notification ... just to name a few . The phones are well designed and do n't have that cheap look and feel that is all to common with today 's electronics . This product is one of the best values I 've found recently .
 Its very good , worth buying . Very nice color display and keypad , quality also good
 I see one problem in this set i.e. we ca n't see outgoing calls.otherwise it is good for 100.00 $
 Does as little or as much as you want it to do in a pretty and easy to use package .
 It is a Reliable product . Has a good quality . Would buy again . It is Expandable and has a Good range .
 Great . Met all expectations .
 This is a stock we buy often and have been having trouble finding it locally . It was exactly what we needed and arrived quickly .
 This is a well made book cover and the embroidery on it is well done . Will be looking for more items by this seller .
 I have a couple of 8 and 10 inch whiteboards . These pens are perfect for them - fine point that stays smooth and clear while writing with light pressure . Apply more pressure and the line is strengthened clearly as expected.The cap eraser is a great bonus and saves a lot of space ! Just do n't try to chew on your cap while thinking ; -RRB-
 This is just what I needed . Most markers out there have too thick a tip , but this is one is thin enough that it does n't make a mess in the little board that I use it with .
 I was skeptical to buy this phone base on the price but I was pleasantly surprised . For the cheap price tag its a good phone . Reception is good . Range is OK . Nice features with caller ID . I especially like the auto-talk feature where you just remove the phone from its base and start talking without pressing any button . Good buy .
 I mail a lot of small packages that weigh in the range of 3 to 10 ounces . I usually can not get to the post office during their regular business hours . Therefore , I need an accurate scale to determine postage so I can put the packages in a mail box . I bought a different scale on eBay for about $ 20 . That scale died after about a week . Rather than waste more money , I decided to buy this regulation postal scale from Amazon . I figured that if it died , at least Amazon is great about returns so I would n't be out more money . I have had this scale for several weeks now , and it works like a charm . It is accurate to one-tenth of an ounce . I keep it plugged in with the included AC power source , so I can not comment on battery life . I would highly recommend this scale to anyone who needs to accurately weigh small packages.Addendum
 Very easy to use and when you take the items to the post office , they weigh just the same . My wife uses it for her eBay shipping with no problems .
 This is the same model that the post office would sell you - only for $ 10.00 more !
 Very happy with this product . Its just what our office needed and it was delivered quickly . The scale is easy to set up and use . I recommend this product and the seller .
 I ordered this scale for our office to weigh letters for postage . It was exactly what we needed . Works great and is very accurate .
 This little scale is just the thing I need . It 's perfect and as accurate as I need it to be .
 I use this to index songs I put onto Reel to Reel and on Ebay for items I 'm bidding on
 I am an airline pilot , I have this item , and this calculator is perfect for adding lots of flight times together for crew pay , or logbooks . Pay especially!A breeze to use , built tonka tough , simple instructions , and a super durable case ! Love it ! Good price . Mine was $ 55 at a pilot shop . Now I 'm getting one for a gift for someone .
 I do audio production for broadcast , and that requires precise time calculations . As anyone who tries to do time calc knows , it is tricky and not just straight math as the units change value once added or subtracted -LRB- Seconds to minutes , and Minutes to hours , and the reverse -RRB- . The Calculated Industries 9130 make this an easy task . . , I say this even though being used to doing it in my head , which sometime works faster for me , the 9130 is accurate and a big help to those not accustomed to calculating time on paper , or mentally . I use it for a fast double check of my work , especially when I have to check over several projects before releasing them to go on air . This is a useful gadget and fairly easy to use .
 It is a good , sturdy calculator . It does exactly what we need for timing syndicated shows . Various technicians use it and it works great for all ` fingers ' .
 Hi , being the the TV and Radio Bus , timing the shows is a big deal . This unit make the time calculation perfect.The unit does alot more funtions too . This is what you need for video timer spot ETC. . Even if your the pro or starting out this calculator/timer is an full loaded for edit timer calculator . Now the only bad thing if you have oily / wet / food dirty hands wipe them off this unit is not water , dirt , oil proof . As they say take good care of the equipment it will be there when you needed . This unit get alot of use 24/7 and wears good .
 Working in the television industry requires a quick and easy way to figure out program timings . This fills the need perfectly . We have been using these for years and they just plain wear out from use . We ca n't live without them .
 I am a retiring bicycle racing official that has worked a number of stage races over the last 28 years . This calculator goes a long way to compute a number of related times for the fields/groups of riders behind the leaders and verifying simple time trial calculations.Most scientific calculators can not do this directly allowing timely results in situations where computer programs and print outs are not available .
 A calculator with a built-in stop watch is an amazing tool for time study work . Very convenient . You can do calculations while the stop watch is running . sweet ! Time calculations are a breeze with this .
 I needed something to calculate time including working out UTC + / - calculations , and found this product on Amazon.This is one awesome time calculator especially for Aircrew use to work out duty time elapsed etc.The instructions on how to use the calculator were a little confusing but it wont take you long to work it all out on your own.The Timemaster II is now always packed in my flight bag ready to go !
 I am a track and field coach , and needed sometime that I could use to work with the atheletes when tracking splits , target paces and improvement across the season . The ideal product would combine a stopwatch and a calculator , and except for something I saw that was appropriate for a TV producer -LRB- at a cost of $ 180 -RRB- , is not available . The second best approach is a hand-held calculator , and at $ 40.00 , is a real value .
 I 've used this many times to add hrs and minutes . It saves you a lot of time and it 's very handy . Another great feature is that you can use it as a stop watch .
 I used to play this game as a kid and really liked it . It 's very unique and it actually taught me some things that became very useful when I grew up and got a 401K . -LRB- I have no idea why anyone thinks they can charge $ 99 for it , though ?! -RRB- The way it works is that each player starts with ~ 7 shares that they invest based on descriptions of various fictional stocks/bonds . The variety of stocks makes it fun - there are a few that only seem to go down , a few that do n't do much at all , some that are reliably good , and one or two that are all over the map . You can invest your shares however you want , and since it 's pretend money , you can do all the greedy and irresponsible things you 'd never do in real life . -LRB- My family still jokes about putting it all in Stryker !! -RRB- All the stock values start at 100 . Then you roll dice and use a slide-rule thing to figure out what stocks went up/down . There 's a flimsy but cool chalkboard that comes with the game that you use to track the stocks ' performance . If your stocks do well , they ` split ' and your shares double . You can change your stocks around at any time . Whoever 's stocks are worth the most at the end of the game wins.So really , it 's pretend gambling . But it 's pretend gambling that forces you to do math and secretly teaches you about risk vs. reward tradeoffs in investment banking , which is something I 've never seen in any other game .
 I purchased one of these games when I was a lad in junior high . I had to have it for nostalgic reasons , and it is still a fun game .
 We needed to allow our receptionist to answer the phone while not at her desk . This product easily connect to her existing RCA - 4 line Speakerphone with Call Waiting Caller ID -LRB- part # 25414RE3 -RRB- . The setup was simple to do using the enclosed instructions . There is a transmitter that slides into the back of the phone and the picture is the phone in its charger.One draw back is that when the cordless phone is in use you can not use the base 4 line phone and vise versa . For us that was not a huge problem and it is working great in our office setting .
 this item is a special item for our cheap phone system . It added cordless option to an office without a phone jack . came on time and as expected .
 Already owned 4 base units and a separate cordless but it proved to be a hassle so I opted for the cordless that 's compatible with my base units . Installed easy , setup was easy , reception is great , sound quality is great . I 've dropped it a few times and it still works , no noisy loose parts inside.Not happy with the two buttons on the side that adjust the volume . If you press either one while the phone is in standby mode , the phone will beep . They are right next to the ringer on/off switch which I use a lot so I hit the volume buttons all the time and it 's rather annoying . Not happy with the fact that if you want to page a base unit , you have to press INT then a 2 digit extension even though the maximum extensions are 16 , hitting 2 does n't work , you have to press 02 to page base # 2 . If the cordless is connected to base 2 , and you have auto intercom answer enabled on that phone , the cordless does n't notify you if someone pages base 2 , nor can you answer the page via cordless -LRB- base 2 used as an example , same holds true for any base number -RRB- . Not happy with the quick back light on the display . It goes off quickly and if I want to see if I have a voice mail waiting , I have to hold the display in the light to see if MESSAGE WAITING is displayed - which goes between that and the number of new calls in the memory . There is no message waiting light even though the base units have one . If a call comes in that needs to be handled by someone with a different phone -LRB- one of a different brand or type -RRB- , the system does n't like it and sometimes it 's hard to pick up a regular , non-system phone to deal with that call.I ca n't change the ringer on this because it 's set by the base unit . Even different ring tones for different lines do n't come through on the cordless . It 's all the same ring . If you install the cordless adapter into a base unit , that base unit must have the ringers turned on for the lines you want the cordless to ring through , otherwise the cordless does n't ring . I had to install the base adapter on another base unit to get better reception in areas I use most often with the cordless so now the ringer on that phone has to be on but I 'd rather it was n't . If I need to page base 2 , which the cordless is connected to , I have to page it from another phone.The writing on the buttons is starting to wear off after almost 2 years of use , mainly the Flash and Conf buttons , even though I 've never used the Conf button and rarely use the Flash button . I used a headset in the cordless a few days ago for the first time and the sound was terrible but I ca n't be certain it was n't the headset.I wish the cordless was bluetooth compatible it would make my life much easier.Right after I purchased my first base unit , RCA discontinued the product . I was able to find a place that sold the base units and cordless units but Amazon was cheaper on the cordless . Since no manufacture cares about my input on what an office phone should have , I 'm keeping my RCA phones until I retire , die or until they die , then I 'm not sure what I 'll do .
 I ordered this 500 sheet parchment paper yesterday evening and recieved it this morning . I 've never had such quick delivery and the product is an excellent quality as well . I use it for my calligraphy and it is the best value for the quality . I will definitely be buying this product again .
 I love the textures and colors of this paper , even though they are a bit brighter than the photo . The thickness gives it a weight wonderful for bookbinding , only thing that I do n't like is that it has a translucent quality making it a bit more like a vellum but , the effect is minor . What it does really well is feed through my printer , where I add custom graphics and print lines . Customers are very happy with the colors , they make the journals seem very expensive .
 Excellent paper for my intended purpose , i.e. , drawing paper -LRB- ca n't beat bond paper -RRB- , and I use it in my printer .
 I bought it because I liked how they looked and the good price . I received them and I like it ! Colors are nice and good with my ink jet printer.I like it as it is not too thick . I 'd like to buy again when I need .
 I was very pleased with the quality of this product . It met and exceeded my exceptions . Thank you .
 I have used other toners and probe kits and this , by far , is the best and the most durable I 've used . I currently have been installing home theater , structured wiring and automation systems for about 10 years . In the tools I use I like to have something dependable and reliable.I have &#34; chased &#34; wires in the wall as deep as 10 &#34; with no issues . This is important to me because there are times where we will prewire in a ceiling and after the drywall is up we really ca n't make a mistake . The toner works great with CAT5/e/6 , multi conductor and RG6 quad . The only negative I would have to say is that the volume on the probe feels a little cheap , but it has n't fallen apart in the months I 've used it so its a minor point for me now.As for the durability , I 've had both units fall from a 10 ' height onto concrete , bouncing around in a tool truck and on a daily basis squished into my already full tool bag . I do n't abuse my tools , but they are well used almost on a daily basis . This is my 2nd most used tool in my bag with my first being my Channel Lock crimper/cutters . It 's probably the most borrowed tool by the other installers I have since I 've purchased it .
 I love the fact that it changes tone when you short the suspect pairs . Makes pair IDing of cat5 a breeze !
 What a great tool.I was having problem with a wiring circuit in my home . I lost power to a 15A 110V dedicated circuit when using my air compressor . I headed down to the breaker box - but no breakers were tripped . I was puzzled . House is new and everything was installed by a pro electrician . Figured there might be a GFI somewhere between outlet and the breaker box.After verifying with a volt meter the circuit was indeed dead I removed the outlet and attached the toner to the bear ground wire and the black ` hot ' wire . Pressed the button no the wand and it sounded very clearly - even through drywall . I traced the circuit back pretty far and then decided to jump to the breaker box . Within 5 seconds of being at the panel I found the wire heading to the dead outlet by using the wand . Whoola - isolated a bad breaker which is simple enough to replace.I know people primarily use these tools for DC voltage , RF , etc. . However , a conductor is a conductor and as long as you verify the power is off it works great on 110V/220V capable conductors too.The tool exceeded my expectations as far as quality and signal power . Why did n't I own this thing years ago ?! My brother in law was equally impressed.Great job Fluke .
 This item is great , it may look a little pricey for us DIY guys but it save all kinds of time . I bought it primarily to use on my boat since all the wiring is behind walls and under the floor but I have used it just as much at home . One of those things that is worth it 's weight in gold when you need it . It was shipped quickly and well packaged .
 Item was great . Fast shipping and exactly what the description said . Nice and loud so no chance of missing that pair you need .
 When the wife and I decided to put a second air conditioner on our rv it was pre-wired and the thermostat wire was in the wall according to the sticker but little did we know that was n't were the thermostat wire was at . Fact is I put a hole were the sticker was and no wiring at all so instead of putting holes all over our bedroom I bought this and it showed my right were it was at and I could n't be happier . Now I have a tool that will work for tracing other wires in other places and who nows what I will find . Great product just wish I would have listened to my gut and bought it sooner .
 This toner is great ! I have a motor home that had a circuit I could not find the fuse to and spent parts of several days to find and could not . Within 10 minutes of putting the toner on the circuit I found the problem . The tone is loud and can be heard through the wall . The instructions are clear and understandable . It did everything I wanted it to .
 I had my doubts when ordering this product
 Received it before it was due . Works well , tested it on some cabling I was working on . Has a nice pouch to store it in and its a Fluke .
 The Fluke 3000 is a great tool . It 's designed use is for the computer and telecommunications fields . But it works great to find wires in walls too.Ever wonder where that sneaky electrician ran a wire ? Turn the circuit off , this tool is n't made to work at 120vac , then connect the transmitter to the wires . As long as the wires are not shorted together -LRB- like a light switch turned on , or something plugged in -RRB- you will find the wire easily . To make sure you have the correct wires , simply touch them together briefly , and the tone will change , verifying that you have the correct pair.Works great through lath and plaster walls for pinpoint wire location .
 I use this product in an industrial environment to trace control circuits of machinery and equipment , most of which does not have a circuit print or circuit log . It is an invaluable aid for this purpose . The advantage it gives , over conventional continuity testers , is
 I 've used several network cabling sniffers over the years . The Fluke unit is by far more sensetive and capable than others I 've used . It is fast and easy to use . Uses standard batteries - no need to look for special hearing aid type batteries , simple 9 Volt batteries . having used others in the past , this one struck me with its sensitivity , able to locate wires in wall cavities , seperate leads from with in pairs easily .
 This product will make my life much easier . I built a large house in Tahoe several years back , and there are many -LRB- about 30 -RRB- CAT 5 / Coax home runs throughout the house that terminate at patch panels in the basement . Trouble is that some were poorly labeled -LRB- some have question marks -RRB- , and some do n't work . This tool is very sensitive -LRB- gives a tone when you are near the correct wire -RRB- , and lets me diagnose / fix the problems without the frustration . No doubt , Fluke builds good stuff , and this device is fairly priced . Also bought the Fluke A/C probe that 's very nice for about $ 25 .
 If you looking for an inexpensive tool to find a wire behind a wall this is the tool . By sending a tone through the wire it is possible to trace the wire through walls without opening the wall . Of course it is also great for finding wires within bundles . I purchased this to replace another probe that could not detect wires within the walls . The only reason I did not give this a 5 was that at the highest volumes I found the internal speaker to be noisy . It would be nice if there was a noise damping circuit on it so when no tone is detected it is quite .
 I participate on a Regional Building Committee for Sound System installations and this tool was recommended to me by one of our Senior Regional staff . It has worked perfectly . An example , we had a speaker can installed in the ceiling prior to drywall being installed . The Drywall staff covered over the speaker can and the paint crew then did their job . I came into the room and was able to trace the wire and find the speaker can in the ceiling in the matter of two minutes -LRB- literally -RRB- ! I have used for several other instances and it has proved to be invaluable .
 This helped me find several wires that got sheetrocked over and saved a lot of time and work . No more cut out sheetrock to patch .
 Great price , high quality and extra functionality.I am quite impressed with this piece of equipment . As a standard tone & probe , it works just as it should.However , what sets this kit apart are the additional continuity and polarity check functions . They save time and wear and tear on my DMM.I also appreciate the multi-function alligator clips.As always Amazon 's free shipping and quick turn-around just added to the experience .
 I purchased this item to trace electric wire behind drywall . I tested the item using a known wire path and found the tone to be very soft . Only when I brought the probe close to the tone generator itself did the tone become loud enough to be very noticeable . I purchased a head set for the probe which made the soft tone easier to hear but still the loudness of the tone was very disappointing and made tracing wires difficult.I then discovered by putting some force on the volume knob it seemed to pop out of a detent and rotate about another 180 degrees . The tone then became very loud . The full range of the volume control knob is about 270-300 degrees rather than the 90 degrees that I initially experienced.This item , though well constructed , is made in China and the volume control knob is notchy and rather crude feeling . The Pro3000 is not of the same quality as the Fluke meters that I have at least in the moving parts category .
 The Fluke 3000 is a good instrument and works well for tracing house wiring . I used it to trace new wiring that had not been identified before sheet rock was installed . Easy to use and provides a clear confirmation tone when you find the right wire . I would recommend this instrument to any one with some basic household wiring skills . Does not work on energized circuits !
 this is a great product and reasonably priced . As an elecrican this tool is so helpful when tryingto locate circuits that can not be clearly found . This tool should be owned by all electricians . Highly reccommend !
 Excellent entry level cable tester . Simple setup and easy to use . I especially like the alligator clips and the RJ11 jack . Made identifying coax and data cables simple and quick .
 On some other toners I 've owned and used it is very difficult to be sure you 've identified the exact pair you want . With this tone generator you simply short the pair by touching the wires together or using a screwdriver -LRB- or the tone probe tip -RRB- to short the 66 block and it changes the tone to a different pattern which is pretty easy to notice . This feature along with the really good battery life has left me impressed . The bed of nails on the tone generator leads is handy as well for identifying unterminated pairs , and the RJ11 plug works well in both RJ11 and RJ45 jacks , and it has enough power to identify even through twisted pair cable without having to use alternating pairs .
 The tester works as advertised and comes in an functional case for storage . The picture here only shows the sniffer , the emitter unit is a little square with various leads hanging from it . Both the sniffer and the emitter require a 9V block battery -LRB- not included , and a bit of a disappointment at this price point -RRB- . On the other hand , the emitter features very robust adjustable clamps for bare wire as well as a telephone connector to make wire tracing of a telephone line easier .
 I use this kit at home and at work and it always preforms flawlessly . Well built and easy to use . Amazon shipped it fast , as always . No complaints .
 I bought it and I used it since the first day . It sound a loud when I found a wire.You can program this tool to send a continus sound or a intermiten sound.You can trace wire on non-active networksIt come with one RJ11 connector and two alligator clip.You need two 9v batteries.I think is a great tool , great price and works perfect .
 just plug into your phone or data jack and you will be able to find the correct pair in the IDF/MDF . has several different tones so more than one can work at the same time without finding the wrong pair .
 This device works well . The tone has a two-tone option which sounds like a car alarm . Very recognizable . Comes in a holster .
 If you 've EVER done cabling for telecom or data , it 's suicide to not have this set of tools with you . And to have the Fluke product at your disposal is nothing but pure confidence in knowing that whatever the wiring problem , you 'll be able to fix it . This Fluke PRO3000 kit is a real `` gem '' . Make sure you do n't ever leave it unattended . As it will certainly make another technician 's life much happier for having it at thier disposal , instead of yours . `` HAPPY INSTALLING '' !!!
 Bought this to trace out speaker wires underneath drywall in my house , worked so great I felt compelled to share my experience with others.When tracing the wires I connected the black wire to the house ground and the red wire to the wire I was tracing . Worked much better than my old Triplett Fox / Hound -LRB- I lost the Fox so had to purchase something new . . -RRB- Was unsure of how this would perform after reading the reviews , but now I am 100 % certain this is a great product !
 this toner seemed very well constructed , which is a definite plus on a large construction site.the alligator clamps are very sturdy and grab the wires very tightly.the first time i used it i toned out a few # 6 awg circuits that were approximately 1500 ' long , and had a few wiring method changes -LRB- conduit to cable tray , with a few splices -RRB- . the wires terminated on terminal strips in a j-box and were close together.the toner performed excellent , if i was getting crossover tones i just lowered the volume . i easily identified my circuits . well worth the extra money when compared to cheaper toners .
 Just recently returned to the IT/networking field after a six and a half year break from it ... Although I did do some IT/networking work here and there ... I wanted one of these along with a cable tester for a long time , finally broke down and purchased one for my new job that is all mine ... Just plug the toner into the network drop you are looking for and use the probe to locate it on the patch panel . Highly recommend to anyone in the IT/networking field .
 This tool has paid for itself in a short time , allowing me to trace wires of several different types -LRB- CAT3 , CAT5 , coax , speaker -RRB- that were run through walls in the house I just purchased . Most of the wires were not labeled , so my first job was to identify were they were all running . The PRO3000 was just the tool I needed to get this job done quickly and accurately .
 I am an Electrical contractor & somtimes need to trace wires or cables . The Pro3000 is by far the best tool I have used for this .
 For the price this unit is holding its own as any of its expensive counterparts .
 I bought this to trace all kinds of cables . ethernet cables , telephone cables , electrical cables etc. this tracer works in a lot of ways , you can connect it to single conductors with clips or use it in a more traditional sense like the rj11 connector.ive used this tool in a lot of situations and it worked and solved the problems for me in all situations . the signal detection in the probe is quite strong , sometimes you need to pull the cables appart from a bunch to narrow the selection down , but you will be happy with this inexpensive tool . battery last a long time .
 I expected a bit more than was realized , having nothing but great experiences with Fluke equipment . I bought it to trace network cables and had no luck sorting out which was the target cable until I got to the termination . Even then the signal was faint . I suppose when I get more experience with it , I 'll become more confident with it 's behavior . Until then , I 'll run other side-by side tests to verify my results
 Best tone and probe I have ever used and if it last as well as most Fluke products how can you go wrong
 chicharra de excelente calidad , receptor tiene gran sensibilidad para encontrar el cable correcto . construcci&oacute;n robusta , punta de repuesto , trae manual y estuche para guardar . recomendado .
 Works geat as a countuniuty tester . harder to tone trace the same ends of paired wires in the same caseing though .
 Recien recibi el equipo , aun no lo hemos usado . Sin embargo , se recibio lo que se esperaba y luce robusto . Actualizacion se hara tan pronto tengamos informacion adicional .
 I HAVE NO IDEA IF THIS IS ACCURATE OR NOT . ALL I KNOW IS I FINALLY TOSSED THE MERCURY THERM I HAD FOR EVER . IT WORKS FAST AND I AM GLAD I BOUGHT IT
 I am a telecommunication professional , and although most prefer the Progressive toners and probes I decided to go with Fluke . It did n't disappoint me at all . As a matter of fact it is better than Progressive in at least two counts
 This probe is a huge improvement and has helped with diagnosing my network troubles . It is straight forward and easy to use . No messy connections . As long as you have two 9vbatteries you can use this straight out of the box .
 This Tone and Probe kit work great for security system wiring and other house low voltage wiring . I prewired the house I was building and home run all the wires back to the utility room . Now that I 'm actually installing the switches I needed a way to identify the wires.It works great , I probable have 50 wires and I can easily tone out the one I need . The only trick I ran into is that on shielded wire you need to use the shield as one of the conductors for the toner , if you do n't then the shielding does it 's trick and makes it hard to tone out.Overall another great Fluke product , was a little disappointed that it was actually a little cheaper at Home Depot .
 Note
 I picked this up as I had an open circuit in an apartment that took out the 3 receptacles at the end of a branch . Without this I could n't find where the break was upstream . This tool provided a quick and easy solution as I was able to trace the romex buried under the drywall with out a problem . It is intuitive to use if you have ever used any of the comparable products out there . I had a different brand that took AAA and watch batteries in the base unit and wand so the 9V batteries this uses is a nice feature . I do n't have to go looking for the little watch batteries around town when I get in a pinch and need the tool now . Also , this seems sturdier -LRB- albeit more expensive -RRB- than the previous one I owned . Of course I stepped on the wand from my other one and that ended its useful life . Hopefully I can keep my size 13 's off of this one . I have to admit that I am probably biased toward Fluke products as I have a Fluke multimeter from the late 1980 's that is still working fine . If you need this thing immediately it is available at Home Depot as well .
 With regard to trying to trace wires inside a wall , This tool works well . However , the problem with this type of tool is that you ca n't distinguish wires that run in parallel with the wire you 're trying to find -LRB- and then later split off to a different path -RRB- from the actual wire you 're trying to find . This is not really a fault of the tool , but just physics . I gave it only 4 stars because of the cheap volume knob construction .
 Decent probe , but note that the probe is only as good as the transmitter . Keep strong batteries in both .
 This product works just like it was make out to . Hard to follow cables that are in a cable track signal jumps from wire to wire next to it , but helps . Happy with my product and would buy again .
 Works great at a great price ! This outperforms my other toner by far . I definitely recommend if you are in need of an excellent budget tool , a must have for anyone that needs to check or trace cables .
 Fluke did to the Telecom Tools what they did to the Digital Meter Market . They have a really good design and quality control team , Excellent product . This a good toner kit with as usual some nice additional features .
 this product does what it was intended for . the tone isnt real strong at distances but for the average do it your self person its a good inexpensive tool to have
 Product works as advertised . I have not had great luck using the phone plug for ethernet but this could be because I did n't RTFM .
 Works like a charm , and it 's one more item for my toolbox I can cross off my `` Want '' list ... thanks to my sister-in-law for a gift-certificate , -LRB- which I sat on and `` Window Shopped '' on Amazon for over a year ... -RRB- I now own one of the tools I have eagerly anticipated using for some time . and now I do n't have to tie two wires together and try to use the continuity tester feature on the far end from my voltmeter anymore ! :--RRB- this is much more effective , and saves quite a bit of time ... now I just need to save up for a Telephone butt-set to complete my Voice Toolkit .
 I 've used this product several times already and it works great . It 's lightweight and the carry case makes it convenient .
 Black folders look great . For organization , having all black folders is nice because it 's a neutral color and forces one to pay attention to the file labeling exclusively.Service from Shoplet and Amazon was excellent . I received the product sooner than I expected .
 These folders fit inside hanging folders , allowing you to still see the label on the hanging folder . In effect creating subfolders . The lighter interior color makes it easier to see hand-written labels .
 The gray interior contrasts beautifully with the black and looks great . They are n't heavy-duty , just so you 're aware , but they are stylish .
 Folders are pretty nice . Some what reinforced . Black in colors but not rich black . A bit washed out . Almost more of a dark charcoal gray . Has the slots to put in a label tab on either side . This was important to me . I have some folders already that only provide those slots on one side . I will most likely buy again .
 Black on the outside , grey on the inside - strong little folders that stand out against the manila folders everyone else uses . They look very professional and elegant for a folder .
 These black Pendaflex File Folders are just what I 've been looking for . The black color for me is serious , business-friendly and does n't distract me from my purpose for being at my desk . They are well made and I like the 1/3 cut . I do wish , however , that they were just a little sturdier . But , all-in-all , a good value and I 'd purchase them again . Now no more excuses for the paper clutter !
 Black file folders with a lighter tab area to write label on are impossible to find ! These are great
 These look very good on my desk . . somehow red , yellow or green files do not look as professional ...
 This tool is a great accessory to use along side of your Metal Detector . Sometimes after you dig for your target , you do n't know if it is still in the hole or in the pile of dirt you removed from the hole . The great thing about it is that you can locate your target with your metal detector and then use the Automax Precision v4 Pinpointer to zero in on the target . The Automax is great at letting you know if you still have more digging to do . I like the distinct tone you get when you have found the target.The v4 also has a vibrate mode which I have not tried but I can see where there would be certain circumstances where the tone would be distracting or not necessary and so the vibrate mode would be the way to go . It is nice to have the option to use it when you need to.This pinpointer has a belt clip which I like a lot . I want to have my pinpointer handy and having it clipped right to my belt keeps it always in easy reach-no fumbling in your backpack or need to carry an extra bag for tools.You have to get the tip of the pinpointer right on the target for it to sound so it lets you know right where the target is . It is a very useful tool to have if you are at all serious about metal detecting . I ca n't imagine metal detecting without one and the Automax Precision v4 works very well .
 Ive had these phones for a few yrs , bought them refurbished and they are still working like if they were new . Love them !!
 WAS LOOKING FOR THE OLD EMBOSSED LABELER BUT THIS WORKS BETTER AND IS VERY CONVENIENT
 I wanted an easy to use labeler for at home use.I did n't want to pay a lot for it or the refill labels.I decided to give this one a try.Wow - do I love it.It is SO easy to use ... and believe me , I am NO techno-genius ! Turn it on , decide what size font , type in , print & done.The refill labels pop out easily when empty & new cartridge pops in.On average , I use this for 10-15 minutes a few times a week , and I have n't had any problems with excessive battery usage.Yes , I 'd recommend this to my friends ! They joke when life gets too crazy , I find comfort in my Dymo LetraTag . : - -RRB-
 great shipping time , product in good condition , and it 's what i ordered so what more could i ask !
 I ordered the Letra Tag Plus from Amazon because they had the best price.This gadget is great for getting organized . It was easy to load and easy to operate . I would recommend buying the Letra Tag Plus from Amazon .
 I need to read more about it but have been amazed that it really is pretty simple to use .
 I bought this label maker based on price comparisons and multiple types of labels available . Once you get used to the buttons/functions , it is pretty good device . The magnetic labels do not have a great `` stickability '' . More importantly , I did have a problem when using the basic white label cartridge . During early use , it began to make bad labels . After reading troubleshooting section of manual , I replaced the label cartridge with a new one , and that fixed it . But I wonder why is that needed , and how often is that needed especially since they mention that in the manual ? I did send customer service a message regarding this and am waiting on their response . I will follow up on this review based on what they say , if anything .
 This is a terrific little tool and an inspiration to become more organized . Good for labeling kids ' items too . I use the plastic label tape for things that get wet , such as a water bottle kept in the fridge . So far they have stayed on & I 'm very pleased with it . My one slightly-negative comment is that the font size default can not be changed - default size is large , but I 'd prefer medium - it 's plenty big and would save tape . So I have to change the size each time I print something . But still ... easy to use , does n't take up much storage space and I love it . If Dymo would produce colored tape -LRB- I 've only found white and clear -RRB- that 'd be even better !
 This is a very good product . Has a display so you can see what your writing before you print , display scrolls so there is no limit to how long the lines printed are . Allows for two lines of print . Has capitol and small letter capability . Has numbers and all types of characters and symbols . Allows for different sizes of print and bold print .
 I have had my label maker for a year and use it 3-4x a week . It 's great to label file folders , and personal belongings . No more mystery cords -- e.g. , cell phone chargers , pda chargers , camera and video chargers ; you just print out a long label and wrap it around the cord . It is really easy to use .
 I purchased this from an office supply about a year ago and it 's been great for basic needs . I use mine for filing and small items . My only complaint is the keys are layed out in alphabetical order instead of a `` querty '' keyboard .
 i have this exact label maker , i still have paper but the ink is almost gone where do i buy ink at ?
 This is the second unit I purchased , both working great . I had to relocate and the first one stay behind , I was missing it so I purchased a new one for the new home . Multiple uses at home/office .
 I have had this product for just about a year now and it has been very reliable . I use this product to label medical charts , so in fairness it is n't used repetitively , but it has worked for me flawlessly.I would purchase this item again .
 It got poor reviews , but I have n't had problems with it yet , knock on wood . I feel like Sheldon from `` Big Bang Theory , '' 'cause I now have this compulsive need to label everything ! It 's easy to use and came with 2 starter cartridges . Labels can get creased when pulling backing off , but it 's not a big deal . Lots of alphanumeric characters & symbols . You can even change character sizes .
 Great gizmo . Works right out of the box . Practically no learning curve .
 I bought the Dymo Label Maker used , so I was a little nervous about what I 'd get . I was relieved and a little surprised . The label maker works great . I was impressed that it came with fresh batteries and a full roll of labels . I 've been happy with the functions and the output .
 i have an older version of this label maker and love it so i bought this as a gift . i actually like dymo label makers better than brother . i feel there is less tape waste , the tapes are historically easier to peel the backing off , and i think the tape is usually less expensive . the label maker is pretty basic and easy to use . i like my files and bins to be neatly labeled and this certainly does the trick .
 This label maker is exactly what I wanted . Granted , a friend of mine has it so I was able to test it out before I bought it , but for me , the labels do n't fade like I read in some of the reviews and the battery life is surprisingly high for normal household batteries .
 Highly recommend this product to anyone who wishes to label anything . My husband and I both love this thing and we use it constantly . We labeled our harddrives -LRB- on the outside -RRB- , our movie cases , and many other things . If you like to stay organized or if you need to stay organized , I recommend this . It is easy to use and it is not complicated .
 I picked this up for under $ 20 at a local retail store about four years ago . I used it frequently and went through countless tape cartridges . You can also get yellow and red tape . It does n't have a QWERTY keypad and that does take some getting used to , also switching between caps and lowercase is a bit cumbersome , but it did the job . Yes , sometimes the label tape comes out of its track and it does consume batteries , but mine lasted for four years until just now , when it stopped feeding tape , it wo n't print and just says `` paper jam '' before it feeds tape . I 've tried a few different cartridges.I ca n't complain for four years of trouble-free service for under $ 20 . It sounds like Dymo is pretty good at responding to customer questions , so I 'll see what they can do .
 Does exactly what it says ... It 's fast , and easy.Highly recommend .
 This is very easy to use and prints exceptionally clear labels . It also has a choice of three languages in the instructions on the machine . I think I have labeled everything in my house except for the dogs ...
 Dymo LetraTag Plus LT-100H Personal Label MakerLetratag LT-100H Personal Handheld Abc Label MakerI 've had the same Dymo LetraTag for over 6 years and it still works as well as the day I bought it . It 's smaller than a lot of the `` QWERTY '' label makers which I like , so I do n't have a haul around something half the size of a laptop to print labels . It prints in a really good variety of sizes and styles as well as being able to insert symbols . Using symbols and numbers with letters takes a little bit of getting used to , but once you 've got the hang of it there 's no problem . Additionally , just like the more expensive label makers it has a `` SAVE '' function , which allows you save ten different labels , which great for long , complicated labels , like serial numbers and such.One of the best things about this label maker is the cost of the label cartridges . A cartridge of 1/2 '' tape that is 13 feet long only costs about $ 8 , and those feet go a long way . You can save a lot of tape by using the ` second line ' function which comes in handy a lot.A little while back I bought one of the bigger Brother label makers and I have found myself still using the Dymo for several reasons . First , the Brother is way too big to be convenient . It 's much more difficult to use , prints slower , and uses more tape per print than the Dymo -LRB- not to mention the tape for the brother is twice the cost of the Dymo -RRB- . I do n't think you can do better for the price and would definitely recommend it .
 I got this for my birthday last year and just bought another as a gift for a friend . It is so handy that I have labeled pretty much everything in my house . I categorized my panties by thong , bikini , and granny just so I would have more things to label . It 's really easy to use , and has a lot of fancy features that I do n't even use because the basic options work so well . Seriously , it 's simple enough that my 5-year-old labeled his brothers.My preference is the plastic tape . It sticks to things better and you can wipe the labels . Use the paper cartridge up in your filing cabinet where you wo n't be cleaning anything . Dymo also has a new iron-on refill available that lets you add your mark to fabrics - WHAT COULD BE BETTER ?! If you 're looking for an excuse to organize more , then the Dymo LetraTag Plus is totally for you .
 I like this label maker . It is fast , easy to use , portable and has a variety of options for refill labels.I was getting the faded label issue but I tried fresh batteries and the labels look perfect again.It takes four AA batteries . There is also a spot to plug in an AC adapter , but the version I bought at Target did not include the adapter . It 's fine without the adapter , as long as you have fresh , or freshly recharged , AA batteries on hand .
 I also had the ` ink ' fading problem ... after having ignored several battery warnings . So I found this answer : DymoKingRank
 I recently had a problem with the display on my used Letra Tag . I called Dymo Customer Service and told them that I had a bad display . They said it could not be fixed . I told them I had no receipt -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- . Without even asking , Dymo sent me a new Letra Tag Plus . It is nice to find a company that stands behind its product . Not many of those around anymore . I highly recommend Dymo .
 I have an older version but it works awesome.I have not had any of the problems some of the other people have had . It is a great product !!
 The dymo LetraTag plus works great.I read the small instruction manual within minutes and was able to get right to buisness.The dymno is very easy to use and print labels with a very decent quality.Hard to beat at this price
 I love this product . More than me my husband loves it . I got this to label the bottles for my son everyday at daycare . It was pain to write his name everyday on a new label . Since I got the label maker we do n't have to write the name everyday . I can even put the bottles in the dishwasher and the label does not come off . So its fun and saves lot of time . I have used this for labeling some files as well . Its just worth it .
 I HAVE HAD MY LABEL MAKER FOR OVER A YEAR AND HAVE USED 5 CARTRIDGES OF LABELS SO FAR . EVERY LABEL PRINTED HAS BEEN PERFECT ! I WOULD BUY ANOTHER WITHOUT HESITATION .
 I must be on my 4th labelmaker . They all seem to die or have problems . So I bought this neat new label printer and it worked Great . Made about 30 labels . THen the labels wouldnot feed . I can manauly put a little tension on the label and pull it and it works somewhat . Cant seem to identify the problem . Have not found internet solution yet . I 'll keep you updated but as of now its barely operable.UPDATE
 I actually own two of these label makers , the standard grey I 've had for years and one I recently purchased because it had a red border.The Dymo is indeed ` handheld ' - it 's like holding a scanner or something similar in size . It 's relatively lightweight , especially so if you skip the batteries in favor of an AC adapter -LRB- sadly not included , like the majority of today 's electronics -RRB- . It 's also very portable , again if you use batteries * instead * of an adapter . There are tons of text options available on this basic model - language , text sizing , additional designs to print on your label , etc. . Lots of label options as well - magnetic -LRB- which are SO awesome -RRB- , clear , and the standard white label . The label maker only prints in black , but I 've found that both the print AND the labels are very sturdy and long-lasting -LRB- have used in office , home , AND school settings -RRB- . It also runs through batteries really fast , so if you will be using this daily you should either invest in rechargables or a compatible AC adapter -LRB- I know , I know ... I keep saying that -RRB- . Just a quick tip to wrap up
 This label maker replaces a much older one and uses the same cartridges . The unit is somewhat more modern and more convenient . It works fine .
 When I had the old label maker that `` punched '' the characters in the label strip , I thought I had it all ! When I wanted something more professional , I would print the label on my inkjet printer and cut and glue it in place . Why did n't I buy one of these sooner ? The plastic tape is great ... the paper tape ... I do n't especially care for . The convenient hand-held device makes things easy for you . I ca n't think of many things that this can not be used for . Highly recommended !
 I have owned this product for at least 2 years and it has worked perfectly . It is easy to use and the labels look nice . I like that the labels come off -LRB- when needed -RRB- with out leaving a sticky residue . It works great for labeling water bottles and I have run them through the dishwasher with the labels and they last quite a while before I have to replace the label . For the money I think this is an awesome tool for organizing . Just now something has happened to the display and it is not working but can still print labels . I have been pleased with this product .
 Every ten years or so , I upgrade my label maker . Each time I am impressed by the new features , i.e. font size , multiple lines , etc. . Also , a portable label maker is easier to make one or two labels compared to computer made labels .
 LOVE this label maker . Have not had any issues thus far . I would highly recommend this product . I have used it to label my book rack in my classroom and it has worked great .
 Very easy to use . I 'm on my 3rd tape cartridge and it 's going strong . Different font sizes is very useful , as is having a bunch of special symbols . The tape backing is a bit tricky to get off -- I have my dextrous 6-yo do it for me . Once off the tape sticks to most smooth surfaces . The auto turn-off after inactivity is great , especially as it remembers what 's on it so no danger of losing what you might be working on .
 I like it so you do n't have to write your name on anything anymore . You can use this device to put your name on it and write on it . It is fast easy to use . You need battles for it .
 The Dymo LetraTag Plus is a good , basic labeler for general household purposes . It is reasonably priced , and refill label tape is easily found at any office supply or general merchandise store -LRB- or here on Amazon ! -RRB- . It has enough features to get the job done , but not so many that it becomes difficult to use.The only problem I 've had so far is that blade does not make clean cuts after printing a label , in particular with the paper label tape . I had n't experienced this problem before , so I may have just gotten a bad roll of tape . I have not experienced any battery or fading issues like other reviewers have.If you are looking for something for basic tasks around the house , then the Dymo will do the job . If you need something for more advanced office use -LRB- e.g. more features , different types and sizes of label tape -RRB- , then look at other Dymo and Brother labelers instead .
 I had been thinking of buying a label maker for quite a while and picked up this product because of all the product features . You can print on different colored ribbons , magnetic ribbons , clear ribbons , or iron-on ribbons ; the screen is very easy to read ; there 's an option for two-lined text ; there are many cute symbols ; the keyboard is easy to use.However , do n't expect to use this product with batteries . I put in 4 brand-new AA batteries -LRB- they were common Energizer batteries -RRB- , but the text came out faded and I received a low battery warning . After reading the troubleshooting guide , I found an extra AC adapter I had , plugged the label maker in , and the text came out just fine . However , the inability to work with batteries bumped my rating down to four stars .
 Dymo LetraTag Plus LT-100H Personal Label Maker -LRB- Office Product -RRB- I have been desperately trying to get organized , and when I found this gizmo from heaven at a heavenly price , naturally I jumped on it . After a few weeks of labeling frenzy , much like one of my other fellow reviewers , the tops of my labels started fading , then the middles , and soon the entire text of all my labels , poof ! disapparated ! Yes ! I am a Harry Potter fan , but not for my labels in invisible ink . Tried all of the suggestions from the website . Cleaning , changing batteries , labels , cartridges . No luck . Still shooting blanks . Of course no way to put in new ink cartridges and it seems like the ink ran out . So waiting to hear back from customer service . Will post back , when and if I do . Really sad-that my labeling frenzy has been thwarted !!
 This label maker is fabulous . Easy to use , directions were simple and the keyboard is very easy to use . Love it !! It also came with a cool magnetic `` holster '' for it you can hang up on a fridge or file cabinet .
 I really like this label maker . Yes , the strips do peel up if you place them on plastic . I just use a little finger nail polish remover on the plastic just before I place the label on . We have used this on many surfaces , seems to work just fine .
 I rate this 4 stars and a decent buy , due to the cost being inexpensive compared to some of the more expensive label makers ... . It functions well and makes nice labels ... has a small variety of font styles , sizes and borders ... Though I just like the regular large font ... Many different label cartridges are available in a variety of colors and strengths ... I actually used the label maker for labeling perennial markers in my hosta garden ... . I used the clear plastic/black font cartridge which adhered to the standard copper plant markers nicely ... with a nice coat of clear glaze . . the markers should hold up well outside ... The reason this product got only 4 stars is the heating ribbon/element -LRB- the part that touches the ribbon and causes the ribbon to show print -RRB- ... well its weak ... I ordered this label maker as a replacement . I was acting hastily and pressed the cutter button before the ribbon finished ejecting itself . . this jammed up the ribbon ... upon gently removing the ribbon . . this heating print head or whatever ... tore ... its just a small piece of plastic/photo film looking stuff ... Due to how well the label maker works . . I decided to purchase another one =-RRB- Hope this helps ... Happy Shopping !
 Dollar for dollar this is the best label maker you can buy . I have used various types from various manufacturers , but this is my fave for how simple and mobile it is .
 I have had my dymo for about two years and loved it for labellng my daughter 's stuff and yesterday I dropped it on a wood floor and poof it no longer works . It does not print or cut . Very disappointed
 This is a great label maker -- much nicer than the Brother brand label makers we have at work . However , get the Dymo QX-50 label maker instead , if you can find it . The caps and shift keys and the QWERTY keyboard of the QX-50 are much more convenient than those of this model . The QX-50 is also very compact -- almost as small as this one .
 I bought this to organize my file cabinet . Its basic and easy to use . the price was excellent , and if I never use it again , it was well worth it to have an organized file cabinet !! I just wish the cartridge refills were cheaper .
 I bought this labeler as I needed to do a large batch of file boxes in a hurry . For this limited purpose the labeler works well to identify contents inside the boxes . The setup and use is easy and intuitive and the memory function works well for saving labels that need to be re-printed later on . The only issue I have is with the label adhesion ; it is difficult to peel back the adhesive tab unless one has really sharp fingernails -LRB- I do not -RRB- . Thus far , I have not observed adhesion to the boxes per se to be a problem . This is why I am giving this product a 4 star rating as opposed to a 5 star . I have not had time to go through all the multiple functions on this device as time is of the essence . I am sure one can get creative at some point .
 I bought this DymoTag Plus as a replacement for one that I 'd had for many years . This New Model far surpasses the one I had ! I love the features on this new one , it has so many options for labels ! I also like having an AC Adapter so I do n't have to depend on batteries .
 I 've only used my LetraTag a few times but I can see that it will be very useful in the future . I read all the reviews and even viewed several videos made by satisfied users and one woman talked about how light it is in the hand . Not so , at least in my judgment ! I would prefer a colored plastic label to the clear plastic one they provide , and the paper label might be useful when I organize my papers . I wonder if they include these two label choices knowing that customers will have to purchase replacement cartridges to get what they want . In any case , it works easily and efficiently . I 'd recommend it . I do wish they 'd include the AC adapter though especially since I 've learned that the LetraTag burns through batteries .
 bought one three years ago , used a lot , still functioning well.Tape also stick well .
 When I first opened the box , I was worried that it looked very cheaply made . But after normal use for 2 years now , it still works well and I 'm on the same set of batteries.Very good for home use . Plastic parts seem to be holding up well . The battery power aspect of it means that if it does jam -LRB- it 's happened once -RRB- , the motor stalls and you do n't break the plastic pieces inside .
 This wooden coin sorter is beautiful ! It 's kind of big , but not too big -- about one foot tall . I really appreciate the quality that went into making this . The electronics are minimal , and I do n't have any issues with the noise level when it is sorting . It is well-designed , and the bottom drawer is a nice feature -- good for storing folded cash and other small items . Before I gave this out as a present , I tested it with different mixtures of coin sizes and amounts . It correctly sorted the coins every time .
 This is a great coin sorter , but it 's also like a nice jewelry box -- looks nice on the dresser ! Functional and beautiful !
 Perfect gift for the change collector ! Quiet operation and a very nice quality product . Have had it for over a year and it still works as great as when it was first purchased !
 I got this for my mom for Christmas . I thought it would look good in her office . She likes it . It works well .
 Bought as a Christmas gift , but it looks great . My son will love it . Fast shipment . Thank you .
 This item was purchased to cut some large stacks and volumes of paper . The product is heavy duty , excellent quality , and works with ease and precision . It slices through the paper like a hot knife through butter . I think you would be hard pressed to find a better combination price , value , and quality . I highly recommend this Martin Yale Cutter .
 We use our cutter all of the time . Matter of fact , we find excuses to cut something . Solid , quality made cutter that makes all of our products look so professional . In our business , presentation is everything . We had a basic cutter , but it took long to get the job done or the cuts were more shreds if someone loaded too many pages . We are very happy with it and actually own two of them in different locations .
 Excellent quality and perfect cuts . Easy to use . I love this cutter . I have a stationery business and this cutter is a perfect match .
 Martin Yale Commercial Cutter is a great cutter and does what it says it will done . I like that you can set the cutting guide in both inches and centimeters , and it is very accurate on the cuts .
 Good price compared to other office supply stores.This folder follows its descriptions and specifications from the manufacturer . Therefore , I am pleased with it .
 I needed to keep some photos and related information in one book and this binder really fit my needs . It was an excellent choice for me .
 This presentation book was EXACTLY what I needed . It has a pocket for putting in your own cover and is framed by a pleasing blue color . There are enough pages to be able to get everything I needed into the presentation . The actual ` pages ' are a little light but so far they have done their job . The true test will be time . Will the pages hold up over extended use ? As of now , I think this is an EXCELLENT product and a GREAT value .
 I have an HP 8450xi printer and I 've been stunned by the results that I can get with this paper.I bought the printer because I shoot all of my photos in RAW format and save edited versions in lossless formats . Photo labs require that the pictures be saved in JPEG , which can introduce artifacts , even at the highest quality setting . This is especially a problem with subtle shading , like cloudy gray skies . A commercial printing service ruined several photos from an overcast day at the ocean by introducing such artifacts , so I decided to take control over my own photos.The 8450xi printing on this paper gives me total control of my photos and amazing results . When printed at the maximum DPI quality setting , the details are stunning - the sharpest photos that I 've ever seen.Photo paper is specific to manufacturer , so do n't use this paper in your Canon or Epson printer like another reviewer did - you 'll probably be disappointed by the results . If you have a Canon printer , buy Canon paper . Also , do n't use it in your older HP printer . -LRB- The box specifically lists the Photosmart 100 , 130 , 230 , 1000 , 1100 , 1115,1215 , 1218 , or 1315 and HP Deskjet 950 series as printers that are not compatible with this paper . -RRB- If you have one of the HP printers that this is designed for and you want professional-looking , long lasting photos , you ca n't beat this paper . If you 're just looking to print snapshots and you do n't really care about the quality , this is n't the paper for you . You 're probably better off using a printing service , or buying cheap photo paper . Because of the cost , I save this paper for the photos that really matter and print the rest of them at Snapfish .
 Very nice quality paper . Has an extra half inch in length that is not printed on and is perforated so it can be removed after the picture is dry . Is great for holding the picture when it first comes out of the printer and it 's still wet . Would definitely buy more .
 Got this photo paper in order to print a few photographs at home . I 've used HP photo papers in the past , primarily with HP printers , and have always had great results . I tried using this paper with my new wirelessEpson Expression Home XP-400printer , and the results were close to disastrous . The quality of prints was really , really low , and my photographs had none of the usual shine and vividness that you associate with photos . I strongly recommend that you use this paper with HP printers or perhaps the Canon printers . I do n't think that the fault is with this paper
 I was surprised , that my pictures looked better on this paper , than when I used to send film out to Kodak for development .
 This paper is the best and only print paper I use . It 's worth the extra buck or two to get the best .
 I will buy again . The price is way cheaper than any other similiar products , and it works great , dry fast , clean picture .
 I just love hp premium plus paper and will try to oder more is you still have someso very hard to find no stores carry it anymore .
 This paper does the job and makes your printer look like its better than it is . So far the pictures not only look good after you print them but after several months they look the same so I have no complaints .
 Well I was undecided on whether to choose Gloss or Semi Gloss paper . I had used gloss before with great results but decided to try Semi Gloss this time . Semi Gloss does not compare to Gloss . It is like watching tv on a LCD screen versus LED with Gloss being LED . I will be buying Gloss next time !
 It is a great buy at Amazon as this product is the exact same paper as I have always used except for the tab . It takes a little time on the paper cutter after printing , but to get the paper at less than half price of the tab-less version is a no brainer .
 I think the gentleman who had problems with the paper must have had issues with his printer . I can not say enough good about the paper . I was using the normal HP paper and happened to pick up a package of the Premium plus . When I ran out of the cheaper HP paper , I began using the HP Premium Plus . I was amazed at the quality of the photos . My printer is an HP Photosmart and it automatically senses the type of paper being used and it prints slower with the higher quality paper ; however , this paper turned out some terrific photos . They are every bit as good a quality as any that I have ever had commercially done . I highly recommend the paper to anyone . Just a caution ; however , it takes about an hour for the prints to be throughly dry and you should wait about 7 days to frame them according to HP . It is well worth the wait in my opinion .
 This paper is great for my HP photo printer . It never jams and when used with HP ink , HP photo printer and the HP paper , my prints turn out great .
 I 've been using this photo paper for years now and will never change ! I print my own photos on my HP printer-scanner-copier and the quality is fantastic . My friends always ask me why their photos are either dark , smeared , blurry or not sharp and I tell them it 's the photo paper they are using . Once they try this HP Premium Plus Photo Paper -LRB- with tab -RRB- they are customers for life ! After loading my photos into my laptop photo library , I go through them and try to lighten the exposure on most of them . This just adds to the icing on the cake ! I have always used the High Gloss since I prefer this type but I am sure the Matte Finish is just as good -LRB- never used it though . -RRB- You will not be unhappy with the results after switching to this HP Premium Plus Photo Paper !!!
 and ergonomicto be strongly recommended if you spend a fair amount of time at your computer or doing any other desktop work
 works well , seems to have a bit of distortion . It is a low cost phone . My regular cordless phone has better voice quality . But this is easy to carry along with my notebook computer .
 Got a new laptop , with Vista Home Premium , about a week ago . Had this phone lying around , and thought I 'd give it a try.I 've never used Skype before . And my inlaws are English . I bought some Skype time , set things up , and hit the button.And all of a sudden I 'm talking to the brother-in-law ! A great connection , too ! Understand that this is on a laptop , 802.11 g , on the ground floor , with tbe base PC on the third floor . It 's an old house , as well.I 'm a bit of a geek . And I expected trouble . But all I got was a pleasant surprise !
 After two weeks , we can report being very satisfied with this phone . The overall quality and ease of use is up to the solid Panasonic standard -- at a very attractive price . The sound quality and range is excellent with almost no degradation at a long distance from the base . The speakerphone works well and , as we 've never had one at home before , it 's both novel and useful . The answering machine has all the right features and was easy to set up and use . Only small quibble
 This is a very good telephone set with all required feature for daily use
 I think that this phone is a wonderful preasent for any teen . If I had a teen I would give them a phone and their own phone line . Just outta curiosity , when will you get more in stock ?
 I 'd read some reviews of this around the web complaining that it was easily scratched , so I 'm careful with it . I noticed that Crayola chalk does affect the board in a tiny amount , but softer chalks -LRB- Prang Hygeiea for example -RRB- work great . I was careful to chalk it in thoroughly and it erases just fine.I shopped around A LOT before buying and , for the price , you really ca n't beat this , especially when you take shipping into account . In cases like mine it 's actually better that it does n't have a frame . As for a dust-catcher/chalk-holder , you can make one for ~ $ 5 from your local hardware store.If you treat it right , it 's a great chalkboard . Hell , maybe you can beat up on it and it 'll be fine , but I 'll let someone else try that with theirs .
 The magnetic letter board works and looks just like it is supposed to . The shipping was uber fast !
 Opteka HD Slide Copier for Canon PowerShot G6I just finished copying over 800 old slides and the quality is amazing ! Now do n't get me wrong , this unit will not take the place of a dedicated slide scanner and ICE software , but it does a more than credible job for 1/10 the price . These slides were over 40 years old and had great sentimental value . I do n't plan to make prints from them , so major corrections were not necessary . I just blew off the dust with compressed air and took the picture of the slide . The slides were then transferred to DVD to share with my kids and grandkids to give them a greater sense of their `` roots '' . They loved them as did my wife and I . This is a very good product for the money .
 I 've had mine for 3 weeks ... and it 's tough to decide whether to turn it back in for a Palm III/Handspring Visor Deluxe.Cost
 Nino gives consumers what they want , more for their money ! I have had mine now for about a month and find myself using it every single day ... it synchs well with my workstation and includes the 19.2 click on modem , something that costs much more as an option on other PDA 's . Although phillips is no longer servicing or supporting Nino , their website still has excellent resources available . Tip
 I got my Nino more than 18 months ago and I love it . I finally have all my addresses and appointments in one place . I had a change to play with a Palm V a while back and I still am happy I bought a Nino . I would like to see a CE device the size of the Palm , that 's why I only gave the Nino 4 stars , but the extra options in the standard programs of the Nino make it a better choice for me . I especially like the huge amount of data fields in the contact database . I just recently started using the modem . It works great , I can check my email now at any phone . Be aware though that Philips stopped producing the Nino and also no longer supports it . I have not had any problems with this , and there is a good user community that you can query with questions .
 I am consultant in IT industry . Running around , meeting clients ... etc are my job . And NINO 319 really helps . And I use Microsoft products . Therefore Windows CE is the only platform I want to invest , coz I do n't want any trouble to use with my MS software . And I am glad I did make this decision.NINO 319 is good , with the 19.2 kbps modem is even the best value of all time in PDA even Palm V. And the only thing I bought extra for this cool thing is an extra cradle at work and a 64MB Compact flash memory for future expansion.Installation of new programs is easy as 1-2-3 . The new ActiveSync 3.0 helps alot . But be sure you download the latest NINO software service release first from NINO website . Before upgrading it.One last tips
 I am rather happy with this purchase which I bought a few months ago . I had the palm 111 , and although the size was smaller , the functionality of Win Ce was excellent and much better . I had no problems whatsoever with setting it up with my computer and file transfer between outlook was excellent , and reasonably fast ! When looking at all the pro 's and con 's I am very happy with this machine and I recommend it to anybody who lives a busy lifestyle and requires a PDA to make your life easier .
 I had my nino for about 4month . . All my friends and co-workes have PALM V but I decided to go nino because it was a WinCe based . I like most of functions and it sync with outlook pretty good over serial or infrared . Except it little too big compare to PALM V. I can not really carry around inside my pocket . But what can I complain . It surve the purpose and I am using daily . .
 I always loose notes , notebooks , and forget things . The Nino has helped me organize things . Even at its retail price of $ 300 it is a great buy . Compared with other PDA products it comes with 8mb compared with 2mb for others . Given that I do n't add any new apps into the system , and the applications use part of the 8mb as work space I still end up with 5-6mb for my notes , contacts , schedules etc. . Windows CE is also slower but its much more configurable , and a few extra seconds wait is tolerable . Out of the box it comes with in addition to the usual docking station the ff
 I bought my Nino in December at an incredible price , two monthslater I can say that this machine is great , I use everywhere , inmeetings , courses , in my office , etc. . Before my purchase I studiedall my options , a Palm was a good one but the Window CE is better than the Palm OS.All that I need is in my hand
 If you are one those that jumped into the handheld computer market between 1996 to 1997 and bought one of the first handheld computers , they have came a long way . My first handheld 's batteries were always going dead on me , even the backup battery . This Nino comes with rechargable batteries , an AC adapter , and a docking station . As long as you recharge it every night by placing it in the dock , you will have it at 100 % each day when you walk out the door . The Nino 319 is the best value for your money today . I checked many places on the net and found prices on the same model in the $ 300 to $ 400 range . This little handheld is keeping me organized with its `` 8 MB '' of memory . Plus , I enjoy being able to write quick reminders and other pertinent information in the Notetaker program . This is an impressive handheld computer that will be great for students , executives , and anyone who loves modern technology .
 I thought when I bought my first handheld that I 'd probobly be dissapointed ... what more is it than a electronic Rolodex ? When I hooked it up , I was immedatly impressed with windowsCE functionability . The main thing I love about it is that is configurable down to one of my many specific personalities . Perhaps that 's where the other poor reviews came from ... WindowsCE compares to Palm as PC does to Mac , it is a little more brain-stimulating to use . You do have to spend a little time exploring the Control Panel Settings , you can even tune how much Memory as apposed to Storage space , this gives you as much as 6 megs of space if used properly . That is quite a few names , addresses , and To Do 's . But do n't let it 's power scare you , WindowsCE , compliminted nicely with Nino 's hardware buttons and special fucntions -LRB- Such as the T9 Input Panel -RRB- make it just as easy . Right out of the box I had it up and running , filling out contatcs on my computer to be downloaded -LRB- also very easily -RRB- to my Nino . The modem is perfect for what you need the Nino most for , mobility . You can write an e-mail while standing in line , or even read the latest news downloadad from MSNBC automaticly while you drank your coffee this morning.You do n't relize how much stuff you forget in a day , how many little tasks get ignored and forgotton untill they become major problems . The Nino changes all of that . As far as size , it fits in the back pocket of any of my jeans , that 's fine for me . Batteries have never been a issue , 12 hours is a real long time , and it only takes a few minutes a day to keep it at 100 % . No problem with speed either ... it is n't getting the data from a spinning harddrive , it 's electronicly stored and pretty much instantly retrived.The nino can change the way you do things , too .
 Why own a simple rolodex -LRB- palm pilot -RRB- when you can have the same power as your desktop applications in a palmsize PDA ? Simply put , you should buy this and do n't look back . If you use Outlook , you should n't even be thinking of using anything else but this device!WinCE is a fully developed OS with many more features . It feels like a real OS . PalmPilot does n't even scratch the surface of this futuristic device . Be glad you can own one of these for far less than the price of Pilot.Forget the stories people say about 8 MB not being enough . I 've got 400 contacts , tons of calendar entries , it saves desktop documents -LRB- yes , WORD files -RRB- and exchanges them back and forth with your PDA and desktop . Text documents and folders can all be exchanged with your desktop . Plus , you also get the security of know that the operating system on your handheld and the creator of the desktop operating system you are using are made by the same company . You do n't get that kind of guarantee from 3Com .
 I have had the NINO for over 6 months as compared to a friends who purchased the more recent PalmV , as we compared usability she frowned and frowned to the point where she returned the palm and baught the NINO . Simple to explain , the NINO offers superior options such as -LRB- voice command and record , modem access , infrared , quick one hand scroll and lots more ! -RRB-
 I 've been trying `` PDAs '' in various forms ever since the category first emerged . Win CE and the Nino is the first one that I 've consistently used and really feel has helped make me more efficient.PROs over Palm : - Bigger , higher resolution screen -LRB- it can display a lot more information without having to scroll around - and it 's MUCH nicer to look at -RRB- - Real handwriting reconition -LRB- it actually works quite well , and I never had to spend time trying to learn some special grafitti alphabet -RRB- - Outlook on my PDA -LRB- if you 're an Outlook user on your desktop , Pocket Outlook has all the same functionality -- to go -RRB- - Voice Recorder -LRB- While the voice command and control was n't what I had hoped , I find myself recording lots of notes to myself while driving -RRB- - Windows UI -LRB- This is Pro or Con depending on your OS regious beliefs . I 'm no MS worshipper , but I do find it nicer to look at and easier to use than PalmOS -RRB- . Cons : - It does n't fit in shirt pocket like Palm V.
 I got my Nino 3 weeks ago , and it 's absolutely great . It works fine . It synchs fine . I have had no trouble whatsoever . I had loaded tons of extra games and utilities to it easily . I also loaded Microsoft ActiveSynch 3.0 , which I recommend to anyone . It is much better than the previous Windows CE Services 2.2 that ships with the Nino . It eases synching and makes it totally hassle-free . I definitely recommend the Nino to anyone . It kicks !
 I purchased my Nino 319 in May 1999 . It was my first venture into the handheld pc world and I do n't know how I got along without one before . I am a building contractor and am pretty rough on my Nino.It has held up beautifully.I 've never used a Palm so I ca n't compare , but I 'd recommend this durable , simple to use PDA to anyone .
 I too have a three week old dinosaur . While I love the functionality and feel of the Nino , my attempts to resolve a factory defect with Philips customer support were futile . Their only option for me to get my modem to work was for me to send in the entire Nino -LRB- and modem -RRB- to them for at least three weeks for them to sort out and fix my Nino . The reason I bought it was to get work DONE , not to be hung out to dry for almost a month!They would not make any concessions or even listen to reason . The manger there even raised his voice to me and flat-out refused to help me.One friendly five-minute call to Amazon fixed all my problems.Philips have decided not to stand by thier product . It 's a shame , because I really enjoy the Nino .
 I bought my nino 2 weeks ago and i am very happy of it 's capacities , it 's worth the price you pay for it .
 I 'm getting unbeatable utility from my Nino . No more fumbling for pens and paper , no more heavy organizer , and I 'm able to save my thoughts as they come . The Windows CE is fast enough for my needs , and never did I feel awkward with the Nino 's size . Everything just falls readily to hand , and it 's sufficiently hefty that it does not feel like I would break anything . I now have an extension of my desktop PC on the road !
 Yes , WinCE machines tend to be larger than their Palm counterparts , and the RAM does n't stretch as far as on their more elegantly-coded competitors , but the Nino is a good bet . Inexpensive , especially since it includes a modem -LRB- although my modem showed up broken ; another is en route from Philips -RRB- . There are enough freeware programs out there to make customization easy , and there are no compatibility problems syncing with Outlook.WinCE is still a kludgy operating system , but you 're getting a * real * handheld PC with all that phrase implies -LRB- both good and bad -RRB- .
 My Palm Pilot just died one day ... Nothing ... Hello ... So , it was time to get a new PDA . I am a programmer and I have yet to meet anyone with a WinCE device . So , I did a small amount of research and basically bought my Nino blind.The Palm Pilot is simple . That is its best feature . With Minimal brain usage , you are storing your phone numbers in your Palm Pilot.The Nino is more complex . It is Windows - in a smaller form . You also have to learn the metaphysics of the Windows CE device . You have to use both hands . You learn to manipulate the system in your left hand through a series of button presses - four on each side of the device . It is not hard , and it takes a few days of using to get used to it.At first , I tried to use it like a Palm Pilot and got frustrated . I was ready to send it back . Then I sat down one day and read the manual . `` Oh , if I press any two of these buttons , it does this . Oh , if I press this one , it does that Cool !!! '' . Yes , it is slower than a Palm Pilot , but it is differnt . I wish my Telephone was a WinCE phone - it just makes sense . In the future , you will have two types of PDA users1 -RRB- Those with expensive phone books -LRB- Palm et al -RRB- 2 -RRB- Those with Windows CE devicesMy only complaint is that the synchonization software that comes with this model does not sync well in NT . It took time to putz with it to get it to work less than 50 % of the time . If you get one of these , the first thing that you must do is go to microsoft.com and get a free copy of ActiveSync 3.0 for CE devices . It synchs up 100 % of the time and is great . I 'm still learning how to use it , but I never got so much use from my Palm Pilot . I even have the voice recognition working and can make it do things by taking to it!To me , the Palm Pilot is like a Mac . You 're stuck with simple stuff . You do what it can do , and do n't try anything advanced . This is good for most people , but Windows CE is Windows . If you are a Windows programmer , this is just the start of the future - get one now !!!
 Sure , at 8mb it may be slow . However , with 16mb it is not slow at all . In either case , to have the luxury of using Windows CE versus the other proprietary programs is far worth even a little slow down . I 'll trade a little bit of speed for a lot of functionality . Let 's face it , slow is having to carry all of this info around on paper or in a laptop . Try to pop open a laptop or shuffle papers while running through the airport . I 've been around many of these PDA 's and Nino will be my only choice for myself and my staff .
 WinCE vs. PalmPilot is like Mac versus PC , and it 's equally futile to determine a superior machine when it comes to these platforms . The Nino looks awesome , is fairly fast even with WinCE , and gets 12 hours of battery life before recharging . Thanks to the rechargeable battery pack , there is no battery switching like with the Palm III or IIIx . Storage space on the Nino is infinite thanks to the CompactFlash memory slot . The 19.2 kbps modem is good for e-mail downloads , but do n't try any web browsing with the soft modem and the grayscale screen . Software is good and plenty for WinCE palmtops ... I run ICQ , PocketPaint , the Starbuck HTML book reader and a bunch of games on mine , in addition to the factory software . The T9 soft keyboard is far superior to the Graffiti input on the Palm systems . Synchronization with the desktop is flawless.The Nino is a bit big , but it looks much better than any other WinCE palm PC . I actually prefer the size of the Nino to that of , say , the Palm V , just because it is easier to use for guys with big hands -LRB- like me -RRB- . Plus sides of the Nino
 I 've found the Nino an excellent organizational tool . No more carrying around a big paper planner . No more transferring tasks manually day after day . It 's all done automatically . I 've not missed or been late for a meeting since buying mine.I did have a problem with the rechargeable battery that came with the unit . That 's the only problem so far . While the Nino is a bit larger than the Palm V , I find it has better features -LRB- battery life , memory , etc. -RRB- .
 Bought this unit and just started using it . Synchro is awesome with my computer ... and it includes a modem ... I could n't find any other Palms with a modem for under $ 400 . The writing recognition is good ... . I am happy with this unit and would recommend this Philips product . Shop around ... 8MB and a modem beats the heck out of everything else I saw .
 I have taken my Nino just about everywhere in the last year . From the shores of Hawaii to the shores of Florida , it has been of great use . Taking email , books , and games everywhere I go has really imporved my efficiency . I recommend the Nino to anyone who uses Windows and Outlook for thier computing and business needs . The first time I hooked it up to the computer , it changed the way I do business .
 I really enjoy this thing ; use it to keep up with friends and family by email while on my daily ferry commute . The scroll buttons are a great feature , but they 're a bit clunky to get at . I 'm still in Win95 , which does not let my mobile channels autosync . Not a big deal , but its an added step nonetheless to get downloads from the web . Also , the Nino is slower than the Palmpilot and a bit larger . If they could shave about 1/4 '' off its thickness it would be ideal ! As with all palm devices , the screen can be hard to read in certain daylight conditions . Synchronizing with Outlook is a snap , and `` jot '' recognition has been very good to me so far , although it seems a little too ready to drop a period every time I graze the screen with the pen . This gets a little annoying during a bumpy commute . I highly recommend the Nino for its start up ease and auto synch features .
 This Palm-held device is simply the best . It 's whopping 8 MB memory stuns the heck out of any of 3COM 's Palm Pilots . It is the best , and it runs Windows CE !
 Writing with this pen is a pleasure , it is smooth and easy to hold . I have n't found a pen I like more .
 Best pens ever . The pens are easy to write with and the ink flows very smoothly . I keep a supply on hand .
 I need to use red pens for my job and these allow me write small and precisely without the annoying smearing of gel pens .
 The best cheap pen I have ever owned . The ink is crisp like a gel ink , but it writes very smooth without the blobs of gel ink . I have bought the black and the blue , medium point , and am fully satisfied . I do n't have any experience with the fine point .
 These are your typical pens , work well , have a nice ink flow . Not going to win any writing contests , but can certainly compete well in a contest of value .
 I love this paper . It is a normal weight , but it prints beautifully on both sides with no bleed through . I use this paper with images I print from Photoshop , whether they be scanned or digital camera prints . I recommend it to anyone who likes matte paper , and , remember , it is coated with a ceramic coating which absorbs minimal ink , thus being cost efficient , without losing any color saturation .
 This paper is truly double sided photo quality . It is VERY difficult to find a paper which will print photos on both sides equally well . This paper is also very opaque without being heavyweight . This means the image will not show through the backside . I have tested at least 6 other papers that claim to double sided . This is the only one .
 I bought a $ 25 version of these -LRB- big pack of 10 poster sized sheets -RRB- . They work excellently . marks easily come off with the swipe of a finger even after sitting for a while .
 This is my second Lamy Fountain Pen . This one is a gorgeous blue and made of metal . The pen feels good in my hand and writes beautifully . And , an added surprise , it came with a converter . If you 're looking to start a fountain pen collection or in need of a nice pen at a reasonable price , this is the fountain pen for you . I ordered it on December 28th and it arrived on January 3rd - a few days before Amazon said it would ! Thanks , Pen Boutique , Ltd. . I really like Lamy products .
 I needed to buy a handset for my vtech phone . Luckily I found this deal and got 2 handsets and a base for less than the price of a single handset elsewhere !
 A little on the pricey side for what it is , but nonetheless , this is a handy little gadget for anyone with lots of slides that need transferring to digital image files ... much cheaper than a slide scanner attachment for a scanner/printer . It works well , but I would recommend using it with your camera on a tripod . You will have to experiment with light sources to point the translucent screen at to get best results , and that is why only 4 + stars and not 5 ... a built-in LED light source would have made this a perfect product .
 I use the cart for books and a computer monitor that I can use around the house and my home office . It works great . is made of good quality and so far has been holding up quite well . It comes in pieces so be prepared to assemble it .
 This product is what my husband needed to hold many of his power tools . It is heavy duty and he can roll them where needed , rather than carry them . Saves on his back .
 bought for daughter last year and the fact it has withstood four boys and still works speaks volumes
 Recommended . Only problem is that cordless phones are slightly too soft , and do n't come with a speakerphone . Otherwise , great value !
 It was very hard to find a phone with more than one mailbox . This is a good one for the price . I would recommend it , esp . if people will be leaving messages for more than one person in the house .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I received it sooner than expected thank you Lori
 GE Corded 25881EE3 Phone with 5.8 GHz Cordless Dual Handsets and Digital Answering MachineI had my 1st phone set for 10 years , my teenage grandchildren wore it out , now they have cell phones , so I 'm hoping to get 20 years use
 I received the phone when expected and it was brand new as advertised . It works great and I have had no problems .
 I ordered 2 blue and 2 red replacement ink pads . They arrived quickly . The ink pads work perfectly in my stamps . I use my stamps up to 80 times a day , and these pads hold up as well as , if not better than , the original pad that came with my stamp.If you need a replacement , go with these . Even with shipping , they are still half the price that you would pay at an office supply store .
 I purchased a pair of the table top versions of this product in 2006 . One of mine is a Borzoi , the other is a Springer Spaniel . I use mine for display purposes at my vendor booths for my business . The product is very attractive , finished with smooth edges and a nice weight to prevent them from easily falling over . The pair I own are also very nice representations of each breed 's silhouette .
 Do you want a desk that will get comments from everyone who sees it ? We bought this desk for our mainly PC office to share an iMac between five people . It works great , and everyone who notices it has to check it out and ask us about it.The keyboard is height adjustable and also slides forwards and backwards . I would n't recommend this as your main desk if you spend 8 hours a day at it , but if you 'd like to tuck your Mac into a closet , or move it between rooms - this is perfect . I worked on it probably 4-5 hours at a time without feeling like it was uncomfortable . All day might be a stretch , though.The instructions that come with the unit are very clear and easy to follow . You probably need two people to put it together , just to keep the legs aligned while you screw them in . I put it together by myself but it was harder than having two people.CONS : Nowhere to set your papers or booksThe little `` iPod shelf '' underneath is not for anything heavy - it is more a leg support than a shelfPROS : Surprisingly comfortable to useI love the built in swivel standEasy to move from place to place with the wheelsLooks awesomePlenty sturdy for my needsIf you ca n't tell , we love ours !
 I gave this pen as a gift to someone in my household . It was well-received and is oft-used . As it stayed in the house , I have had occasional opportunities to use it myself . It writes smoothly and the shape is quite comfortable in my hand . For a very good , if not luxurious , pen , I can highly recommend this one .
 For the most part , I really like this pen . The shape is very attractive . The color is nice . The texture is interesting , and nice . Cross offers a variety of refills for this pen , including ball point , roller ball , porous point , and highlighter . I like the roller ball refill a lot . It is smooth and consistent . I wish that there were more colors available though.The main problem with this pen is value . It just seems way over-priced . I appreciate that the pen is made in France and USA , that makes it a little special . I would feel better about the price if the material was a bit heavier and thicker.One other concern . To use this pen , you remove the cap and place it on the end of the body , as usual . I can not detect any bushings or pads that would prevent scratches . I do n't know if the cap will scratch the body , but it is a concern . The blue finish is a major attraction for this pen and scratches would look bad .
 In this price range , a pen should have no hint of `` cheap '' or `` awkward . '' Unfortunately , this pen fails that test . The nice metal clip is surrounded by a bit of translucent plastic that looks like -LRB- wait for it -RRB- plastic . Too bad Cross.The Cross ballpoint refill is nothing to write home about -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . However , you can replace it with a Fisher Space Pen refill , or a Monterverde Softroll refill . Each is superior , in its own way.I do like the shape of this pen . The color and texture are interesting . Note that the color is not a loud or bright purple . It is somewhat earthy . I like the weight and width of this pen in my hand.To tell the truth , I do like this pen . I would not pay full price for it though .
 I purchased this pen in hopes that my penmanship would improve ... and it did . . dramatically ! I have the extra fine nib which is surprisingly great for me . I can finally make drastic letter changes and they look sleek and professional ! This nib does flex and I really love how smooth it lays down ink . I ca n't say how the flex is compared to all other pens as I am a beginner with fountain pens . I plan on purchasing another one in a different size nib soon ! I have been waiting for this pen for a long time and yes , its very , very light ! I am happy with this pen and I hope you will be too ! Cheers !
 I 've sketched with fountain pens for many years . This is the first pen I 've found that 's as flexible as a dip pen .
 As a professional writer & editor for 30 + years , I work almost exclusively on my laptop or iPad . But I also have been bitten for a long time with a passion for using fine quality fountain pens , especially when I feel there is something important I want to express . I have a collection of very nice fountain pens
 I got this pen after reading many reviews . The pen is beautifully designed and works great . The flexible tines make decorative writing very easy . This pen is a bit wetter than other pens that I 'm used to , so using it on normal paper does n't work very well . Also occasionally when I am writing on more slick paper like Rhodia , the pen will stop flowing for no reason , but other than that . It 's a great pen .
 This is my first fountain pen , and I 'm amazed ... it writes beautifully , I can write slowly and know the pen will capture every jostle of my hand and translate it beautifully through the nib into a nuanced and graceful flow that is forgiving and enjoyable.Really wonderful pen .
 Wonderful pen , `` light weight '' . The namiki ink is too thin for this pen , but with parker ink , i did all you can see in youtoub about this pen
 This pen is not a flexible nib as the vintage ones were , but it as got a good response and write smoothly !!!! I like that it is not too high weight in my small hand.I like it very much as a daily writing fountain pen .
 Pen Boutique was awesome . The Falcon 's were on back order everywhere . My hubby ordered it from PB because they appeared to have a delivery date of 3-4 weeks and he did n't pay attention to the in stock part of the page . Oh well , he knows now to look at that in the future . Immediately PB contacted us about the back order and asked us how we wanted to proceed . We decided to wait . PB contacted us as soon as they were in stock and shipped it immediately . We received early and this pen is awesome . The nib is stunning . The flex is so delicate , but perfect for my Spencerian penmanship . I 'm so happy we waited . This is by far my fav pen . I find myself just looking at the pen while sitting on the desk . I honestly do n't let this pen out of my sight . I could n't wait to ink my baby up so I opted to use the cartridge , the blue is pretty , but I 'm going to use PI Asa-gao . I 'm delighted with this purchase . Thank you Pen Boutique , I will order from you in the future .
 This is one of my favorite pens to use . So far , after a year or so of use , have not gotten any problem . The top of the nib seems to pull some ink somehow , even if you wipe it off . Weird , but still , a really nice pen with good flow . Semi-flex .
 I also bought this item for my Son for Christmas . My Son loved it because he is involved in Graphic Drawings & Illustrations with his job !!!
 I love this pen . It is so nice to write with it . The flow of the ink , the thickness of the strokes , and the feel of the pen in my hand give so much pleasure to the art of writing .
 Very good pen . I love the nib . Absolutely satisfied ! I am considering buying another soon . I collect fountain pens but I 'd like to make some gift .
 I wanted a nice soft fine quality nib for my accounting and general correspondence . I have only partly inked it to write a few sentences . Then , I had to flush it and get on the road . It seems pretty light and may take a bit to get accustomed to it as I have used a brass lined Waterman till now . Anxious to get with it . My arthritic digits will like it .
 I purchased this pen recently and have always wanted one . It did not disappoint me . It is one of the smoothest writing instruments ever . It has great flow and the flexible nib allows you to change your writing . Highly recommend .
 I purchased this product as a gift . It was highly recommended . The recipient was thrilled and enjoys using this pen daily.Thank you for such a nice product .
 This pen is quite unique . No other pen can match the smoothness and tenderness of this elegant piece of work . That is besides the Parker Sonnet Sterling but of course everyone knows that . Great pen tho !
 I inadvertently started collecting fountain pens after this past Christmas . This was the pen I really wanted for Christmas , but after some research , and advise , I ended up getting another pen -- which turned into an obsession and the acquisition of a whole bunch of other pens.I think if I bought this pen , the one I originally wanted , I probably would n't have bothered with all the other pens .
 A good fountain pen is n't cheap . This one gives me my money 's worth . I 'm not a pen collector , I 'm a 68-year-old author and cartoonist who likes to write and draw with a fountain pen . This one writes smoothly , its nib is somewhat flexible -LRB- not as flexible as the pens of yesteryear -RRB- , and it never skips or leaks , no matter what I do to it . I carry it constantly in my shirt pocket with no problems . I intend to keep using this pen for the next forty years . The Namiki Falcon is n't a fancy collector 's item . It 's a hard-working smoothie like the pens your grandparents loved . If you love to write and sketch , I urge you to try a good fountain pen with the right ink and paper . There is a sensual pleasure to it , even when writing algebra calculations . Maybe especially when writing algebra calculations.I bought a bottle of black Noodler 's Ink to go with it . This has also been very good . A full discussion of the issues of fountain pens and inks would take up many pages , so let me just say one thing for you folks who are new to fountain pens
 I received this pen as a Christmas gift , and I am thrilled with it . I have a lot of pens , including a few Namiki vanishing fountain pens . No surprise that Namiki made a good product.The pen is lightweight , but still has enough balance to not feel `` too '' light . I usually like solid pens . This is a solid pen , but light . It reminds me of ... a quill . A bird feather is strong , but hollow and light . Though I 've never written with a `` real '' quill , perhaps this is the inspiration.The nib -LRB- mine is fine -RRB- is fine , but not scratchy . It seems perfectly balanced with the instrument . The ink flows gracefully as a bigger nib , but with a finer line.The cap screws off/on , which is great for a pen with such fluid ink ; no accidental cap slipping off in a pocket , or coming loose . It is solid all the way around.The style is nice , and understated . It looks like the fine pen that it is.Strongly recommended !
 This pen 's extremely flexible nib is just a dream to write and draw with . A light bit of pressure spreads the point and widens the line . The ink feed begins instantly as soon as you begin to write or draw , so the start of the stroke is clean and neat . What an extraordinary pen ! It 's good both for loose sketches and for more controlled drawings . A huge plus for me is its light weight -- as light as a dip pen .
 I 've tried a lot of different fountain pens over the years and always have been disappointed . This one is the first that meets all of my expectations
 As an artist who sketches in ink every day and appreciates good tools , I 've been looking for the `` right '' pen for years and this is it ! I 'll never go back to my previous favorites , the Micron Pigma and the Lamy Safari . This pen is a dream ! The nib floats over the paper and creates a beautiful fine line .
 The Namiki Falcon is one of the great bargains in contemporary fountain pens , now that it is has become difficult to find gold-nibbed pens under $ 200 . The Falcon has a 14 KT soft gold nib that is semi-flex . The barrel is black plastic with goldtone metal accents . It has a nicely finished , classic appearance . The pen is 14.8 cm long , capped . The barrel is 11 mm in diameter in the center of the pen . It has a nice warm feel and would be comfortable in small or moderately large hands . It weighs just under 20 grams with the converter in it . I had wondered if this pen would be too lightweight for my taste , but I have come to appreciate it , because flexing the nib for long periods of time makes my hand tired . I would n't want a heavier pen , but , if you do , the Falcon is available in a metal version.The Falcon comes in a handsome black box that looks too big for it . The removable tray has space for 3 pens , so I am using it to store my most-used fountain pens , which now include the Falcon . The pen comes with a converter and one ink cartridge . Namiki/Pilot converters and cartridges are proprietary . Like many Japanese pens , they have a much larger hole for the ink supply than standard international cartridges . That 's good , since a flex nib requires good ink flow . But I 'm not fond of Namiki inks , so I 've been using the converter , which is metal with a plate press on the side . It is easy to clean between ink refills because of the gaping hole in one end . But the nib is difficult to flush with an ear syringe , nasal aspirator , or soldering bulb . To make it easier , you can cut an empty Namiki cartridge in half , attach it , and flush the water through there.Of course , you are considering the Namiki Falcon for the nib . It 's one of very few flex nibs available on contemporary fountain pens . It 's semi-flex . It requires a fair amount of pressure to flex to its maximum . If I am writing for a long time , it makes my hand tired , which a wet noodle might not . But semi-flex is an advantage with my small handwriting . If I used a more flexy nib , I would have to write unnaturally large . Semi-flex is perfect for everyday writing and letter-writing . I have the fine nib , which , being Japanese , is more like a European extra fine . It writes a line about 0.2 mm wide unflexed and flexes to 1 mm . The Falcon nib does not have an overfeed , and it separates partly from the underfeed when flexed , but it lays down a lot of ink . It 's not for thin paper . I recommend at least 80 g paper.In conclusion , some advice on writing with a flex nib
 I was looking for a pen for Copperplate calligraphy , and most of the reviews tend to focus on everyday writing , so I wanted to add some thoughts on the flex nib aspect . I also uploaded some sample flex writing using both the medium and the fine nibs for comparison .1 -RRB- On the flexibility scale , it is semi-flex . So compared with vintage true-flex pens , you have to apply more pressure to achieve decent line width variation . The amount of pressure needed tires and strains the hand , and the steady pressure required also makes it harder to write flowing letters , especially compared with a dip pen nib . Still , it 's hard to beat the convenience of a flex fountain pen .2 -RRB- There is a break-in period . The nib will feel super resistant at first , but gradually softens after some flex writing . The initial resistance may be disappointing , but it does decrease over time .3 -RRB- In terms of modern flex pens , Namiki 's only competitor is the Noodler Flex pens -LRB- which retail for around $ 20 -RRB- . But you really do get what you pay for . When the Noodler works , it works great , but more often then not , I found myself having to tweak the Noodler and still found it unreliable . The Namiki Falcon on the other hand has reliable ink flow , and seldom rail-roads .4 -RRB- The flexibility of the nibs does n't change between the nib sizes . This means that the max line width you can achieve is the same . Thus , you get maximum line width variation with the Fine nib , and reduced line variation with the medium nib , etc. . If you 're choosing between nibs for flex writing , the Fine nib is best to accentuate swells .5 -RRB- In terms of the spectrum of flex pens price points , I think this is the best entry point . The Noodler is too unreliable . The next price point begins at around $ 250 , by custom nibmeisters such as Richard Binder , or vintage pen restorers such as Mauricio Aguilar.As others have noted , the Namiki Falcon has a subdued elegance , and just feels right in the hand . To be honest though . If you 're just looking for a pen for everyday non-flex writing , the TWSBI Diamond 540 is what I would recommend . It 's $ 50 and in terms of smoothness in normal writing is comparable to the Namiki Falcon .
 I wanted a pen for taking notes in meetings and writing paper letters . I have lost some mobility and strength in my hand , so I wanted something light and with a flexible nib . I already had aRetro 51 Double Eight Crimson Medium Point Fountain Pen - D8FP-803M , which is very nice but probably a little too large and heavy for me , especially as its nib is quite solid . It 's nice but hard work for my hand.By contrast , the Namiki Falcon , with soft flexible nib , floats across the page and does not need the muscle strength required by the Retro 51 pen . I 've only had it for a short while but I can easily write multiple paragraphs with it , while I flag after just a few sentences with most other pens . Its lightness of touch is exactly what I wanted.It 's a simple black pen and not ostentatious in any way . In fact , with the cap on , it looks very similar to many ballpoint pens with hotel or airline names on them . It 's only when you take off the cap that you see the nib that you 'll know what it is . So if there is any danger from this pen it is that someone might accidentally pinch it , thinking that it is a cheap corporate freebie.It came with one cartridge and one converter .
